although many fire lookout have fallen into disuse as a result of neglect , abandonment , and declining budgets , some fire service personnel have made an effort to preserve older fire towers , arguing that a good set of human eyes watching the forest for wildfire can be an effective and cheap fire safety measure .
when early experiences of severe disappointment and abandonment have prevented the building up of un - ambivalent object relations and stable identifications and weakened the child ’s self - esteem , they may result in ambivalence conflict in adulthood , which in turn causes depressive states .
it was located on the black hills and western railroad until its abandonment a few years before the construction of pactola dam .
in 1983 , the c&o completed the abandonment of its car ferry routes and the three vessels were purchased by glen bowden and george towns , who formed the michigan - wisconsin transportation company ( m - wt ) .
the president of the socialist party ( psoe ) , jose luis rodriguez zapatero , called for a parliamentary debate " leading to the exit " of spanish forces , and a far left leader , gaspar llamazares , demanded " the abandonment of spanish engagement in the occupation of iraq and the return of the soldiers . "
abandonment .
some scholars have criticized the cet , and many advocates have recommended a total abandonment of the system , deeming students would benefit more from learning the skills required by their chosen majors or even from learning more about chinese culture than from learning english .
further to the south , the german eighteenth and ninth armies were to follow in succession , resulting in the abandonment of the entire salient gained during the spring offensive by 9 september .
the first abandonment along the illinois valley division ( " iv - div " ) was the branch from spring valley to ladd , which was abandoned in 1924 .
probably because of this radical abandonment of traditional parameters , busoni found the third piece rather harder to digest than the first two , and indeed its language does set it apart from its companions somewhat .
reasons for the abandonment included frank 's refusal to accept further influx of deportees into " his " generalgouvernement which he viewed as overcrowded , and the fear the nazi 's would lose international reputation due to the international press reports .
turner campaigned much more vigorously than in 1984 , rallying support against the proposed fta , an agreement that he said would lead to the abandonment of canada 's political sovereignty to the united states .
dissent among eij members to this change of direction and abandonment of the taking over egypt as the group 's primary goal , was so strong that " in the end , zawahiri pledged to resign if the members failed to endorse his actions .
the blm assumed ownership of the historic buildings via publication of an abandonment notice after multiple attempts to contact the former legal owner , cheryl kelly , by both blm personnel and private parties in order to preserve the site failed .
the sunset crater eruption produced a blanket of ash and lapilli covering an area of more than 2100 sq km and forced the abandonment of settlements of the indigenous sinagua indians .
after abandonment , final clean - up occurred in 1999 .
in the judgement from the tribunal da relação de évora , by judge fernando ribeiro cardoso on 29 april , it was revealed that the mccanns were being investigated for allegedly neglecting their daughter and that the police inquiry covered the possibilities of homicide , abandonment , concealment of a corpse and abduction .
it exhorts the listener to continue his or her journey , despite abandonment or lack of support from others .
after three years of physical separation , igee got his divorce on the grounds of abandonment .
the plenum space is typically used to house the communication cables for the building 's computer and telephone network ; however , it has been proposed that the growing abandonment of cable in plenum spaces may pose a serious hazard in the event of a fire , as once the fire reaches the plenum space the airflow present in the space supplies fresh oxygen to the flame and makes it grow much stronger than it would have otherwise been .
work on the motorways continued until the 1970s when the oil crisis and the troubles both intervened causing the abandonment of many schemes .
in military terminology , desertion is the abandonment of a " duty " or post without permission from one 's government or superior .
they were condemned and executed by order of their own father , and this disgrace led to the abandonment of their names by future generations .
but now , it was the entrenched camp itself , weakened by the loss or abandonment of its outer posts , and without the power of binding the enemy , if they chose to ignore its existence , that conditioned the scope and duration of the single remaining field army 's enterprises .
the 1906 tourist trophy race used the short highroad course , with the abandonment of the " sandygate loop " in favour of the a3 lezayre road , the a2 albert road in the town of ramsey , including a section of private road and the a18 mountain road .
also it gave an exclusive interview the raw declarations about his abandonment of the band and of the ill - treatment that he and his partners of band were receiving on the part of a.b. quintanilla .
" m. liszt 's playing contains abandonment , a liberated feeling , but even when it becomes impetuous and energetic in his fortissimo , it is still without harshness and dryness . [ ... ] [ he ] draws from the piano tones that are purer , mellower and stronger than anyone has been able to do ; his touch has an indescribable charm .
major eruptions from 300–500 ad caused abandonment of the southern areas until about 1100 ad .
the neutralization agreement forced the abandonment of the hmong program , but that was not going to last long .
deathstroke approaches cassandra and preys on her desire for a loving father as well as her feelings of abandonment .
in 1878 , he established the banking house of roosevelt & son , which marked the full abandonment of the roosevelt 's traditional plate - glass business .
second appeal , abandonment and release .
some edinburgh based shareholders — with the financial upheaval of the previous few years feared that the entire project was no longer viable — attempted to get the entire railway cancelled at an extraordinary general meeting ( egm ) held on 24 february 1851 using the abandonment of railways act , 1850 .
both texts describe a state of self - abandonment in favor of a life devoted to another . “
because of the extensive washouts resulting from these storms , the homsher estate , owners of the line , ceased all operations in 1957 and filed for abandonment .
maladaptive schemas may be made up of revisited ( sometimes obsessively ) memories of past hurt , tragedy , fear , abuse , neglect , unmet safety needs , abandonment , or lack of normal human affection in general .
for each additional abandonment , an additional star is attached .
like most other catholic figures known for holiness , she found rest from anxiety through a complete and trusting abandonment of herself to the will of god .
the line had been unused since the mid-1980s and norfolk southern was considering abandonment prior to the port authority 's purchase .
when deforestation occurs without proper replanting , however ; local wood supplies become difficult to obtain near enough to remain competitive , leading to the city 's abandonment , as happened repeatedly in ancient asia minor .
this encourages recycling of old batteries instead of abandonment or disposal with household waste .
the dufour family then relocated to vevay , indiana after the abandonment of the first vineyard .
originally there was a one mile clearing between the fort and any trees , but since the fort 's abandonment the forest has grown back around the fort .
this street became , however , off the city center soon , due to abandonment of west part of the city .
in eastern culture and especially in southeast asia , the owl was considered good luck and a sign of wisdom represented as vehicle of goddess lakshhmi ( prosperity ) , which later reversed after british colonialism into being considered bad luck , a sign of abandonment and foolishness .
however , despite commies’ victory of this encirclement campaign and later success of avoiding certain catastrophe by starting long march early before the final showdown , the fact remains that the temporary achievement of he long in the local region can not avert the major disastrous blunder committed by the commie top brass on the overall picture , which resulted in the inevitable abandonment of the commie bases , including the hunan - hubei - sichuan - guizhou soviet .
suffering from an overbuilt flagship , the abandonment of downtown cleveland and overexpansion into the outlying areas , the company was sold to marshall field 's in 1970 , under which it deteriorated , falling behind local rivals higbee 's and may company .
the line was marked for abandonment by the southern railway , so local investors and businessmen stepped in , purchasing the 18-mile branch line from statesville to taylorsville .
in the past the georgia , florida and alabama railroad passed through sopchoppy on its route between tallahassee and carrabelle until its abandonment in 1948 , while the tallahassee railroad , the first railroad in florida , was abandoned by the seaboard coast line in 1983 .
faced with uncertainty about the continuance of the operation after the abandonment date of december 31 , via announced in october of that year that it would terminate the " atlantic " effective december 17 ( last trains leaving december 16 ) and switch its equipment to the " ocean " which would jump to a 6 day / week schedule in each direction .
after abandonment , the tug righted itself to a list , raising hopes for saving the ship .
such weddings all too often result in the abandonment of the mulukanadu telugu dialect in favour of the language of the spouse .
after the abandonment of the forest of saint - germain in 1682 by louis xiv , charles x resumed the hunting tradition of saint - germain .
in 1944 an act of abandonment was passed by parliament , stating that the waterway had not been used for some years .
when he left hokkaidō for osaka to go to school , he never visited or called , leaving shin with a feeling of abandonment .
unfortunately the novel fuel system was not a success and billowed out large clouds of black smoke , leading to the abandonment of the idea for several years .
the early abandonment of the three - position semaphore signal in the uk allowed for the widespread replacement of two - position lower quadrant signals by two - position upper quadrant signals .
autoadmit 's first users were dissatisfied with changes made to the princeton review message board in march 2004 , such as stricter moderation of discussions and the abandonment of the message board 's popular tree format in favor of a vbulletin - type format ..
this period saw the ruthless power grab of debera borbarua and laluk sola borphukan 's abandonment of guwahati and oppression via sulikphaa " lora roja " .
as in the case of other volcanoes in southern chile eruptive record uncertainties exists in the first half of the 17th century due to the surrender or abandonment of spanish settlements during the destruction of the seven cities .
the big controversy of the season , however , was the aftermath of the cancellation of raleigh 's game against augusta fireball ( which was never rescheduled ) , and the abandonment of raleigh 's final game of the season against cocoa expos due to lightning with the game tied at 1 - 1 .
however , there are numerous non - turkish claims and testimonies that turkish authorities and/or citizens lead immigrants through the sea , often resulting to the abandonment and sometimes drowning of said immigrants .
divesting abandonment is a term in property law which refers to instances where the owner of a chattel , that is a piece of tangible personal property , seeks to relinquish his rights in that property .
many critics regret the general abandonment of the use of the latin language and gregorian chant , and allege that this development was not authorized by the second vatican council .
other significant threats are ongoing habitat loss , fragmentation and degradation in some areas ( although in some other parts of europe forest cover is increasing , as a result of abandonment of extensive agricultural land ) .
construction and abandonment .
at his inauguration as pope in 1978 ( itself the abandonment of the traditional millennium - old papal coronation ) , pope john paul ii himself kissed cardinals on the cheeks , rather than follow the traditional method of homage of having his feet kissed .
most of the articles propose the adoption ( or abandonment ) of specific classroom techniques .
on april 5 , 1985 , the interstate commerce commission approved abandonment of the biola branch from mp 199.93 to mp 208.3 .
the reason for the gap between the two parts of the village is unsure but it is generally thought to be a consequence of plague in the 1600s which necessitated the temporary abandonment of the main settlement and its 13th century saxo - norman church .
this abandonment devastated blackwell .
the reform involved a substantial modification of existing procedures ( known as the " bucharest formula , " from the location of the 9th council session in 1958 at which it was adopted ) , but not their abandonment .
the concept of denial is important in twelve - step programs , where the abandonment or reversal of denial forms the basis of the first , fourth , fifth , eighth and tenth steps .
decline and abandonment .
msf 's explicit attacks on the ethiopian government led to other ngos criticizing their abandonment of their supposed neutrality .
several modifications followed , including the abandonment of the forward sliding front cockpit hood , extension of the rudder and mass balancing of the elevators .
through counseling , dawn slowly begins to understand that the nature of her disorder stems not simply from her constant feelings of abandonment by the people she loves , but also from her inability to express this pain through verbal channels .
" z. marcas " is best known for its reflection of balzac 's political views , specifically the neglect of talent and ability in a sea of republican mediocrity ; and the abandonment of young people by older generations .
due to its expansive linguistic experiments , stream of consciousness writing style , literary allusions , free dream associations , and its abandonment of conventions of plot and character construction , " finnegans wake " remains largely unread by the general public .
the indictment of his chancellor cardinal wolsey for praemunire in 1529 ( and subsequent death on his way to london to answer a charge of high treason in november 1530 ) left henry open to the opposing influences of the supporters of the queen and those who countenanced the abandonment of the roman allegiance , for whom an annulment was but an opportunity .
in any case , following the decline of san lorenzo , la venta became the most prominent olmec center , lasting from 900 bce until its abandonment around 400 bce .
due to abandonment , the elements , and fire , little of the mansion currently remains standing .
for example , if the crime of " abandonment " ( exposing a defenceless person to a situation in which he or she will not to be able to cope with , therefore causing harm to the victim ) results in the victim 's death , the punishment is 3 to 10 years imprisonment , whereas the normal penalty would be 1 to 5 years .
hope and homes for children move children out of institutions into family - based care , help keep together families at risk of breakdown due to the pressures of poverty , disease or conflict and work to prevent child abandonment .
his death meant the abandonment of these plans , and the effective end of espo .
more importantly was the abandonment of heavy make - up and the popular wide - hooped panniers for a more simple feminine look , typified first by the rustic robe à la polonaise and later by the ' gaulle , ' a simple muslin dress that she wore in a 1783 vigée - le brun portrait .
the reasons for this abandonment are unclear , as he never changed his mind as to its merits , and the subject matter was no more controversial than that of other works .
world war i decade also witnessed modernization of the curriculum , including a nearly wholesale abandonment of the traditional classical curriculum , the adoption of semester “
although the book has been discussed widely on the internet for the chapter that discusses his abandonment of religious faith , it is mainly about doing scientific field research and the discoveries that this has led to about the grammar and culture of the pirahã people . "
farm festival continued , just with the abandonment of the main stage .
the study recommended the abandonment of skybus and the use , instead , of steel wheel on steel rail technology .
historically , many cultures practice abandonment of infants , called " exposure . "
also living at greta hall with southey and supported by him were sara coleridge and her three children following their abandonment by coleridge and the widow of fellow poet robert lovell and her son .
the original us-67 road passed through virginia on what is now il-78 ( jacksonville to virginia ) and then on il-125 ( virginia to beardstown ) , which follows the historic post road and ohio & mississippi railroad right - of - way ( later part of baltimore and ohio railroad ( b&o ) system before abandonment ) between beardstown and springfield .
over the years , many military dependents ' villages have suffered from uban problems such as housing dereliction , abandonment , urban decay , and urban slum .
the baños de coamo resort closed its doors in 1959 and was in ruins and abandonment for many years .
this discontinuance ended all southern railway passenger train service to memphis , allowing abandonment of memphis union station .
in 1910 , antanas olšauskas , a lithuanian emigrant in chicago , illinois , started to assemble an editorial team , but financial constraints and disagreements among the editors resulted in the abandonment of the project in 1912 .
ironically these so called wild men are the direct result of the abandonment of the children , their desperate primitive existence forcing the hardiest and most adaptable of them to develop all the worst traits of their sex in order to survive .
a few years into ns ownership , the portion of the line between the kentucky river and versailles was slated for abandonment , and subsequently sold to the museum .
eighty - three years after the abandonment of the great bend and newburgh turnpike ( 1936 ) , the pennsylvania department of highways took over the alignment of the highway for the designation of legislative route 371 .
whatever the cause , within a few hundred years of the abandonment of the last olmec cities , successor cultures had become firmly established .
he drew criticism from the left for his perceived abandonment of state - interventionist social democratic economic policies – such as nationalization , land reform , and democratic capital controls – prescribed by the freedom charter , the anc 's seminal document .
daendels abandonment of the " zijpe " seems more questionable , but only because the british in the event did not perform the obvious landing at petten , of which they should have been fully capable .
the two ships accommodated 306 first - class , 60 second - class , and 64 third - class passengers , with each ship making several trips on the route , but a lack of passengers ( along with the grounding of " siboney " at vigo in september 1920 ) led to the abandonment of the route .
the appeal from that decision , argued by mathew staver of liberty counsel , urged reformulation or abandonment of the " lemon " test " set forth in " lemon v. kurtzman " , which has been applied to religious displays on government property and to other establishment clause issues .
the resort city of virginia beach had been considering a bus rapid transit ( brt ) system similar to that in use in las vegas , but the lack of any subsidiary transit systems ( i.e. light rail or a substantial network of local bus routes ) with which to connect contributed to the project 's abandonment while in the planning stage .
the tsu has also strongly advocated the creation of a new constitution for taiwan and abandonment of the republic of china as taiwan 's formal name .
george eliot depicted the abandonment of the character eppie in " silas marner " ; despite learning her true father at the end of the book , she refuses to leave silas marner who raised her .
referring to the abandonment of aboriginal languages , and traditions .
tramway abandonment took place between 1950 and 1956 , after which the operation became the edinburgh corporation transport department .
the film was further negatively viewed due to its numerous plot holes and abandonment of many of the elements from the original film .
a claim , according to this view , becomes factual when it is confirmed to a rigorous extent , but that all facts remain provisional and subject to challenge , because the ongoing accumulation of knowledge may one day yield information that requires revision , correction , or even abandonment of the prevailing model .
the god is dead movement in the 1960s , and especially its reflections on theological implications of the atrocities of the nazi regime and the carnage of world war ii , had an important influence on his abandonment of traditional theism .
the precedent this creates is that god is able to will the abandonment of his knowledge , or ignore knowledge , while remaining fully god .
the guantanamo bay naval base , guantanamo bay , cuba , is administered by the u.s. under a perpetual lease , much as the panama canal zone used to be before the signing of the torrijos - carter treaties and only mutual agreement or u.s. abandonment of the area can terminate the lease .
decline and abandonment .
the official name of the canal was always " wilts & berks canal " as cited in the acts of parliament that authorised its building and abandonment .
residents were mobile ; some housing stock was durable ( outlying ) , but central city housing stock was subject to obsolescence and abandonment .
what is true is that in the first half of the eighth century there was a process of rural growth that led to the abandonment of urban life and the organization of the population in small communities of shepherds .
von steuben carried the large part of the blame for the abandonment of point of fork arsenal , to the point virginia 's general assembly ordered an investigation into von steuben 's conduct .
abandonment of animals act 1960 .
in the wild , it has been suggested , although not systematically confirmed , that tourists cause similar stresses : disrupted lactation and denning , reduced hunting , and habitat abandonment are all risks .
further throwing the hungarian communists into disarray were the inconsistent policies of the comintern throughout the 1930s , culminating in the 1939 soviet - german non - aggression pact and the abandonment of the popular front tactic that had marked communist ideology for the last decade .
the broadness of the term " neo - orthodox " , however , has led to its abandonment as a useful classification , especially after new emphases in mainline protestant theology appeared during the 1960s .
they had a lasting effect on not only kabylie 's but algeria 's development , refounding towns such as bejaia ( their capital after the abandonment of qalaat beni hammad ) and algiers itself .
regional transportation networks have also changed significantly in recent decades with port modernizations , with new expressways and ongoing arterial highway construction , the abandonment of various low - capacity railway branchlines ( including the entire railway system of prince edward island and southwestern nova scotia ) , and the construction of the canso causeway and the confederation bridge .
since the abandonment of netburst , the codename has been recycled and refers to a completely different project , although nehalem still has some things in common with netburst .
meanwhile , the suppression of piracy and the abandonment of privateering and prize money made boarding actions even against merchant vessels less rewarding .
the dutch were adamant on the british abandonment of singapore .
prior to the 1970s , divorcing spouses had to allege that the other spouse was guilty of a crime or sin like abandonment or adultery ; when spouses simply could not get along , lawyers were forced to manufacture " uncontested " divorces .
on the evening of 26 march , jourdan arranged for the abandonment of the positions in engen and stockach .
on december 31 , 1989 the mv " abegweits sister icebreaking ferry mv " john hamilton gray " carried the last railway cars off prince edward island with the abandonment of cn service on the island ( see prince edward island railway ) .
this is the best local example of a roman townhouse ; they found that this masonry building had undergone many alterations over a long period , adding several rooms , corridors and mosaics before abandonment in the 5th century .
trailing the industry abandonment of old - school film editing techniques , david configured final cut pro systems that could mimic the coens idiosyncratic method of editing in a digital realm .
after a summary trial , apparently for not being willing to take part in the accusations of some of his colleagues , he was sent to kolyma where he died in 1942 . " hard work in the soviet labor camp , harsh climate and meager food , poor health , and last but not least , accusations and abandonment by most of his colleagues , took their toll .
his best - known play " west moon " is set in a resettled outport , where the ghosts of the dead lament the abandonment of their home .
the conclusion of " caravaggio " also marked the beginning of a temporary abandonment of traditional narrative in jarman 's films .
financial difficulties faced by the developer resulted in the abandonment of the vision city development project .
however , this was the beginning of the end for trolleys in pittsburgh and would be followed by the abandonment of 90% of the network over the next 10 years .
the turned back portion , which was highly substandard previously , fell into serious disrepair under local control : almost to the point of abandonment .
during its years of abandonment in the 1970s and 1980s , the grounds and structure were visited by many local high school students who regarded it as " their " haunted house .
the branch line was completed in 1899 and operated freight ( and passenger ) service until the line 's abandonment in 1967 .
on 12 november 1915 , he won the legislative assembly seat of roebourne in a by - election called because of the still - unexplained abandonment of the seat by joseph gardiner .
but lesser economical and , most of all , sociopolitical significance of that russian area ( compared with the ukrainian part ) leads to gradual abandonment of such generic usage of the donbas term .
dieselization came within a year , and the last electric operation was made on october 20 , 1940 by a trio of interurban cars held in storage since abandonment of passenger service .
as recently as the 1990s , wearing pants was considered by most to be a rather unmanly abandonment of cultural traditions , which would be done only when travel outside of home areas or some official business ( e.g. with government offices ) made it appropriate .
the 1950s-1970s : decline and abandonment .
later years and abandonment .
kramarz ( 2006 ) has recommended the abandonment of these subfamilies , as the genera placed in luantinae appear to represent basal eocardiids , rather than a specialized side branch .
throughout the ' 50s , bainbridge remained an outspoken proponent of civilian control of nuclear power and the abandonment of nuclear testing .
a tall temple at the site was left unfinished , the centre of the city was destroyed by fire , valuables were left scattered in elite residences , and ceramics were left in their original domestic positions , all of which demonstrate the sudden abandonment of the city .
outlaws , cattle rustlers , and uncertainty over the local water sources caused the abandonment of the community , with the exception of the dearden ranch .
in the eyes of boyle and his colleagues , the abandonment of absolute certainty was not " a regrettable retreat from more ambitious goals ; it was celebrated as a wise rejection of a failed project " .
in advance of the pending abandonment and later sale of the line , via rail discontinued passenger service with the " atlantic " on december 17 , 1994 and the line has not had dedicated passenger service since then .
in the closing minutes of the match , united supporters hit the pitch and forced abandonment .
as a result , astrid fears abandonment above all else .
the completion of colonial conquest of much of the world ( see the scramble for africa ) , the devastation of world war i and world war ii , and the alignment of both the united states and the soviet union with the principle of self determination led to the abandonment of the right of conquest in formal international law .
when horovitz wrote the script , he explored the " psychological insight " of dean by showcasing the abandonment of his father , which became the fulcrum of the storyline .
some feral children have been confined by people ( usually their own parents ) ; in some cases this child abandonment was due to the parents ' rejection of a child 's severe intellectual or physical impairment .
the ceding of these lands occurred either through early treaties or outright abandonment by the iroquois nation – the avowed owners of the land .
after its abandonment , israeli forces moved into al - khalisa as part of their general offensive in the eastern galilee .
belcher 's abandonment of four sea - worthy ships was the last straw .
the empty hotel was damaged again in a second raid just months later which confirmed the abandonment of the facility .
lack of traffic to ofset the cost of construction and an already - existent bus service to ulfstead led to the abandonment of the plans however .
the 1920s saw significant development in transport , including the final abandonment of the coastal sailing ship in favour of steam , and improvements in rail and motor transport heralded dramatic changes in work and leisure .
abandonment .
after the flood of 1938 , applications for abandonment were pursued .
chronic mood ( e.g. , chronic depression ) denotes an absence of " felt safety " as regards ( a ) the precipitating ( original ) trauma event(s ) or on a less sudden and violent level , ( b ) maltreating - hurtful significant others who have inflicted psychological insults on the individual through interpersonal rejection , harsh punishment , censure , or emotional abandonment / neglect .
in ' , wesley crusher 's feelings of abandonment and resentment are more often shown as caused by the early death of his father , but in the last episode featuring him he could be deemed to show signs of " aging child prodigy disease " .
the triumph of christianity led to a virtual abandonment of pharaonic traditions : with the disappearance of the egyptian priests and priestesses who officiated at the temples , no - one could read the hieroglyphics of pharaonic egypt , and its temples were converted to churches or abandoned to the desert .
radical bomber jane alpert criticized ayers in 1974 " for his callous treatment and abandonment of diana oughton before her death , and for his generally fickle and high - handed treatment of women . "
" the abandonment of the jews " alleges that british and american political leaders during the holocaust , including president roosevelt , turned down proposals that could have saved hundreds of thousands of european jews from death in german concentration camps ; for example , by refusing asylum to jewish refugees and by failing to order the bombing of railway lines leading to auschwitz .
another work , " la paix des ames dans tous les partis du chriatianisme " ( 1687 ) , disregards the formal creeds of the various churches , and appeals to the minority of really sincere christians , urging them to an inner union without the abandonment of their external affiliations .
the peoples listed in chapter 10 of genesis ( the table of nations ) are stated by 11:8 - 9 to have been scattered over the face of the earth from shinar only after the abandonment of the tower .
in 1933 , kirov successfully opposed stalin 's demand for the imposition of the death penalty against a party leader , martemyan ryutin ( 1890 - 1937 , рютин мартемьян никитич ) , a former supporter of stalin who had recently circulated in party circles a 200-page anti - stalin document demanding the abandonment of forced collectivization , the reduction of investment in industry , and the removal of stalin , " the grave digger of the revolution and of russia , " from stalin 's post as head of the communist party .
the legend claims that her poem " i shall not care " ( which features themes of abandonment , bitterness , and contemplation of death ) was penned as a suicide note to a former lover .
on the other hand , victor , who endures arnold 's alcoholism , domestic violence , and eventually abandonment , regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment .
mary carmen ramirez ( paca ) and manuel galiana ( natalio ) have abandoned the series because it split up and the floor where they lived , but emilia uutinen ( desislava ) , assistance paca ( mary carmen ramirez ) and natalio ( manuel galiana ) is still in the series despite the abandonment of these , now as assistant brigida ( mamen garcia ) and cesareo ( cesareo estebanez ) after moving to another floor .
he served as an aide to nathanael greene during the siege of boston , participated in the seizure and placing of guns on the dorchester heights in march of 1776 , and following the british abandonment of boston , went with the rest of the continental army to new york where he left greene 's staff and was given command of an infantry company .
the ancient zapotec name of the city is not known , as abandonment occurred centuries before the writing of the earliest available ethnohistorical sources .
as the abandonment date for its lines in new brunswick , maine and quebec drew nearer , it became apparent that cp rail did not have a short line operator in line to purchase the route .
the lifeboat was missing , yet the " mary celeste " herself was still under sail , and there were still signs of a sudden and unexplained abandonment .
the crisis of the third century affected the whole roman empire , and gravely affected the catalan territory , where there is evidence of significant levels of destruction and abandonment of roman villas .
but now , it was the entrenched camp itself , weakened by the loss or abandonment of its outer posts , and without the power of binding the enemy , if they chose to ignore its existence , that conditioned the scope and duration of the single remaining field army 's enterprises .
other editing styles can show a reversal of time or even an abandonment of it altogether .
it resulted in a large numbers of membership numbers in the new castle county area and ruling that the election districts would abandonment of county lines for their boundaries , but would design whatever district boundaries that would accomplish such population equals .
after chirac 's defeat at the 1988 presidential election , a part of the rpr held him responsible of the abandonment of gaullist doctrine but he kept the confidence of chirac .
deregulation and abandonment .
poverty is often a root cause of child abandonment .
the harbour declined until it was sold back to the southwold corporation in 1932 , while the navigation finally ceased on 19 february 1934 , when an act of abandonment was obtained under section 41 of the land drainage act 1930 .
he cites as examples : the reorganisation of local government in 1974 , the police and criminal evidence act of 1984 , the introduction of the gcse exam , the criminal justice act of 1991 , the negotiation and signing of the single european act and the signing of the maastricht treaty , the severe reduction in defence spending at the end of the cold war , the privatisation of the uk 's railways , the iraq war and the final abandonment of all attempts to re - introduce grammar schools .
siedliska named her order after the holy family , viewing it as the perfect model of total abandonment to the love of god .
this abandonment of the battle plan led to the first wedge being encircled .
cayetana ( carmen esteban ) , the best friend of paca ( mary carmen ramirez ) , will become the best friend brigida ( mamen garcia ) following the abandonment of paca ( mary carmen ramirez ) and natalio ( manuel galiana ) .
following the abandonment of eta sectors " spanish " rapprochement ended in fusion .
criticism of the project and its abandonment .
it saw relatively heavy through freight traffic from termination of the joint operating agreement with the boston & maine railroad in 1953 , until abandonment in 1983 when guilford transportation industries ownership again favored boston & maine routing .
farshad araghi , professor of the department of sociology at florida atlantic university , argues that a very abandonment of keynesianism for neoclassical economics has never occurred .
this was caused mainly by the inefficiency of the monarchic governments as well as the monarchs ' apparent lack of interest for the country , aggravated by the british ultimatum for the abandonment of the portuguese " pink map " project that united portuguese east and west africa ( today 's angola and mozambique ) .
work on the motorways continued until the 1970s when the oil crisis and the troubles both intervened causing the abandonment of many schemes .
it was founded in march 2001 , upon the instigation of the anci ( national association of italian municipalities ) , with the intent of helping to preserve , maintain and revitalise small nuclei , which are common but sometimes even individual villages , which , being outside the main tourist routes , risk , despite the great value of being " forgotten " with consequent degradation , depopulation and abandonment .
he was equally struck by the perfect abandonment of these needy people , and the complacency of the city as a whole , despite being the nation 's centre of government ( hence the sarcasm used in the title of the song ) .
in 1993 , kuwait publicly announced abandonment of the secondary and tertiary aspects of the arab boycott of israel ( those aspects affecting u.s. firms ) .
against this backdrop , president fackenthal resigned on may 1 , 1913 , after recommending a program of retrenchment and abandonment of the old furnaces at alburtis .
under the presidency of gephart 's son , it struggled on for a few more years before abandonment in 1918 .
there is no suggestion that a mere temporary abandonment would operate to dissolve the crew ’s contract of employment .
the abandonment of the proposal .
george page " was destroyed by her crew upon abandonment of the evansport batteries on march 9 , 1862 .
children should be allowed to develop in a healthy manner and should be protected against exploitation and against moral and material abandonment .
abandonment is also invalid where the defendant simply postpones the criminal plan until another time .
this combination of poor sensitivity and specificity has resulted in its abandonment for this purpose by physicians experienced in disorders of glucose metabolism .
following the closure of london ’s tram system , the " feltham " trams were mostly sold to leeds where they continued in service until the abandonment of that city ’s trams in 1959 .
studies of ice mountain 's geology , geomorphology , and micro - climatology since 2000 have shown that ice is no longer apparent after early june , but it is unclear whether this disappearance is due to climate change or the abandonment of historic ice storage strategies .
in balayan , they looted everything they could lay their hands on , the maranaos were thus greatly responsible for the abandonment of many settlement in the visayas and the dislocation of the economic life of thousands people .
this work reflects claudel 's abandonment by rodin : she implores him kneeling while he prefers coming back to rose , his wife .
as well as being rich in humour , anna 's novels invariably deal with some of the deeper and more complicated issues facing women , such as grief , abandonment , rejection , motherhood , and sibling rivalry .
a patent examiner will make special efforts to help " pro se " inventors understand the process but the failure to adequately understand or respond to an office action from the uspto can endanger the inventor 's rights , and may lead to abandonment of the application .
while initially opposed to trap - neuter - return programs , calling them " a form of subsidized abandonment " , hsus reversed their position on march 2006 and endorsed tnr as part of a multi - pronged approach to feral cat management .
it resulted in a large numbers of membership numbers in the new castle county area and ruling that the election districts would abandonment of county lines for their boundaries , but would design whatever district boundaries that would accomplish such population equals .
abandonment ( existentialism ) .
the eklr is one of the best examples of how a railway can dissolve back into the countryside after abandonment , leaving only a few isolated landscape features .
wartime priorities assured the expensive pipeline 's completion in 1944 and its abandonment in 1946 .
like garrett hardin , then , quinn saw the only possible conclusions to the food race as either abandonment , or catastrophe .
season six ( 2001–2002 ) sees dawn struggle with abandonment issues , as well as her escalating kleptomania .
externally , a notable feature of the 404 and 405 was the abandonment of the bmw - style radiator grille for one much more like an aero - engine .
abandonment .
her feelings of depression and abandonment increased when aaron testified on will and gwen 's behalf , and the judge awarded the munsons custody .
further , perle agrees with oster ( 1960 ) and katz ( 1945 ) that , " the abandonment of the concept of a root - generator of the individual chord is a radical development that renders futile any attempt at a systematic formulation of chord structure and progression in atonal music along the lines of traditional harmonic theory " ( perle 1962 , 31 ) .
still , this temporary tv scale - down and partial abandonment by some of its biggest stars never really endangered turbo - folk 's survival or its essential popularity .
design work began in 1968 , the same year as construction began for the smaller - scale lmfbr phénix , following the abandonment of the graphite - gas designs .
the scott plan became the basis for the compromise of 1877 , which included an end to the federal occupation of the south and the concomitant abandonment of african americans in that region .
dependency court is where children who have been removed from their parent 's custody because of severe abuse , neglect or abandonment move through the legal system .
demonstrators marched towards the group with placards , chanting anti - nazi slogans , and threw eggs at griffin , forcing the abandonment of the press conference .
climate change is thought to have led to the emigration of chacoans and the eventual abandonment of the canyon , beginning with a 50-year drought in 1130 .
the alternatives , he warned , were either increased military involvement by the u.s. , or else total abandonment of south vietnam by america .
in the third phase of the former portuguese nautical cartography , characterized by the abandonment of the influence of ptolemy 's representation of the east and more accuracy in the representation of lands and continents , stands out fernão vaz dourado ( goa ~ 1520 - ~ 1580 ) , whose work has extraordinary quality and beauty , giving him a reputation as one of the best cartographers of the time .
it is currently a private residence after having been in a long state of abandonment .
this amount could further decrease in coming years as rg&e is expected to shut down the russell station in 2008 , leaving kodak as the only major customer on the line and leaving the only remaining portion of the hojack line west of webster prone to abandonment .
there he lived a life of intense abandonment , living the adage of ' do good and disappear ' .
this overestimate , coupled with depressed metal prices , led to the near abandonment of nodule mining by 1982 .
the abandonment of the " harkis " both in terms of non - recognition of those who died defending a french algeria and the neglect of those who escaped to france , remains an issue that france has not fully resolved — although the government of jacques chirac made efforts to give recognition to the suffering of these former allies .
another significant change the closure and abandonment all of cn 's branch lines in the province by 1984 , leaving only the main line operational .
they operated until 1982 , when they closed due to conrail 's abandonment of the remainder of the bedford division , by then known as the conrail 's bedford and mount dallas branches .
abandonment .
erech became temporarily viewed as the landing - place of isildur and was consequently moved from the sources of morthond , first in between the mouths of anduin and lamedui , then to north - west of the cobas haven , and finally retuned to its original site with the abandonment of this idea .
during the hundred years ' war and the wars of religion it was of historical importance but after the french revolution it fell victim to a gradual abandonment which reduced it to the state of ruin .
in that series , one of the critical turning points is the presence 's abandonment of his creation , which leads to a large number of problems , including struggles to claim the power that the creator has abandoned , to make the destruction of the universe inevitable and to the slow unraveling of the universe due to the disappearance of the name of the creator written on every atom in existence .
abandonment .
the abandonment of the illusory universe by realizing it as the all - conscious atman is the real renunciation honored by the great , since it is of the nature of immediate liberation .
the charity aimed to tackle the problem of child abandonment in london by providing an orphanage where parents could leave babies they considered themselves incapable of bringing up .
further losses of ridership followed , and in 1939 the management petitioned for abandonment .
the bellevue and cascade , from bellvue on the mississippi to cascade inland remained in service until abandonment in 1936 .
matches in the second round proper were played over the weekend of 29 november 2008 , with the exception of the match between crewe alexandra and carlisle united , which was played on 2 december , due to the abandonment of the first game between carlisle united and grays athletic in the first round .
sex - selective abortion , infanticide , and abandonment may not be the only causes of sex ratio imbalances in the countries mentioned above .
