this actually works against the idea of home field advantage and forces teams who have early season home games in areas with warm climates , such as the south , to wear heat - absorbing dark uniforms under the hot sun while the visitors can get away with wearing white heat - reflecting jerseys .
they work by absorbing liquid and plugging up the vessel .
the series involved the hulk and his enemies the absorbing man , abomination and zzzax .
the reason is that historically , the lambert law states that absorption is proportional to the light path length , whereas the beer law states that absorption is proportional to the concentration of absorbing species in the material .
using both satellite observations of the earth 's heat balance and atmospheric cooling rates measured by net flux radiosondes , suomi established the important role played by clouds in absorbing radiated solar energy .
in the first place , for its buildings , especially the eiffel tower and the machinery hall ; in the second place , for its colonial exhibition , which for the first time brings vividly to the appreciation of the frenchmen that they are masters of lands beyond the sea ; thirdly , it will be remembered for its great collection of war material , the most absorbing subject now - a - days , unfortunately , to governments if not to individuals ; and fourthly , it will be remembered , and with good cause by many , for the extraordinary manner in which south american countries are represented . "
uv stabilizers in plastics usually act by absorbing the uv radiation preferentially , and dissipating the energy as low level heat .
seares standardized the stellar magnitude system and extended it beyond the 18th magnitude , using absorbing wire gauze screens and reduced apertures to compare stars of varying brightnesses .
the absorbing man made an appearance in " the incredible hulk " , voiced by jim cummings .
on august 10 , 2009 , the mwhl announced a merger with the all american hockey league , absorbing the mwhl 's madison ice muskies as well as key mwhl personnel .
turkey is , by far , the main trading partner of the turkish army occupied area , " t.r.n.c. , " supplying 55% of imports and absorbing 48% of exports .
e - qv then acts a compensator for the complex gauge transformations in effect absorbing them leaving only the real parts .
the materials resist stains or absorbing odors , and permit filling the bottle with boiling water .
it functions by " absorbing " and " picking up " graphite and charcoal particles .
ludwick saw the trip as a good opportunity to learn some korean and her mother karen felt that " the temptation of living with the people and absorbing their culture was too rich an opportunity to pass up . "
simon lewis , a climate expert at the university of leeds , who led the study , said : " tropical forest trees are absorbing about 18% of the carbon dioxide added to the atmosphere each year from burning fossil fuels , substantially buffering the rate of change . "
a substantial amount of the x - ray absorbing gas may lie within 0.4 parsec ( 1.3 light - years ) of the nucleus .
upon absorbing a photon , [ ru(bipy)3]2 + converts to the aforementioned triplet state , denoted [ ru(bipy)3]2+*. this species transfers an electron , located on one bipy ligand , to a sacrificial oxidant such as persulfate ( s2o82- ) .
while buried , oddish nourishes itself by absorbing nutrients from the soil using its feet , which are said to temporarily change into a root - like structure for this purpose .
in 2006 , his district was renumbered the 10th once again , and was pushed slightly to the west , absorbing athens in the process .
it is the retinal molecule that changes its conformation when absorbing a photon , resulting in a conformational change of the surrounding protein and the proton pumping action .
during a fierce hand grenade battle , a japanese grenade landed in the immediate vicinity , sgt kinser unhesitatingly threw himself on the deadly missile , absorbing the full charge of the shattering explosion in his own body and thereby protecting his men from serious injury and possible death .
transformation by the techno - organic transmode virus allows him the ability to alter his own shape and can rebuild his body from a single cell when destroyed or injured , and he can infect others with the transmode virus , converting them into " techno - organic " beings and absorbing their life energy .
though cves were popularly known as " combustible vulnerable expendable " they would ultimately prove durable in first dodging and then absorbing heavy shell fire , and in downing attacking " kamikaze " planes .
hyvs have an increased nitrogen - absorbing potential compared to other varieties .
in virtually all cases , the liabilities of these companies to their own bondholders are capable of fully absorbing all losses without the need for public funds to defend those bondholders ...
four pounds of water were also included to provide thermal control for the lander , absorbing heat and boiling off as low - pressure steam during the hot lunar daytime and retaining sufficient heat to allow the lander electronics to avoid freezing temperatures during the cold lunar nighttime .
during 1967 and 1968 " smash ! " was part of odhams ' power comics line , absorbing its sister titles pow ! on 14 september 1968 ( issue 137 ) and fantastic on 2 november 1968 ( issue 144 ) .
dennis hunt of the " los angeles times " said that mann have " a distinct naturalism [ that ] governs her vocals " and that " the frailty , roughness and lack of great range in her voice [ ... ] [ is ] genuinely appealing " , adding that if she were a " polished singer , songs like ' voices carry ' [ ... ] would n't be half as appealing " ; while robert hilburn of the same newspaper said that mann " exhibits winning vocal authority on record " , adding that the " only thing she needs is another dave stewart to give her more tailored and absorbing arrangements and material " .
when starscream returns to earth after absorbing the powers of the underbase , the aerialbots were amongst those in new york first to attack ... and also amongst the first to fall in battle .
a semester spent studying in london , england in 1992 , absorbing the bustling camden music scene only intensified bryk 's focus on becoming a singer - songwriter .
the post was created in 1889 , absorbing the duties of the lord lieutenant of the tower hamlets , and abolished in 1965 , when it was merged with that of lord lieutenant of middlesex to become the lord lieutenant of greater london .
it went through several acquisitions over the next 15 years , absorbing at&t tridom and contel asc .
after absorbing every single move of any variation in the book , and having nothing more to explore , dr. b begins to play the game against himself , developing the ability to separate his psyche into two personas : i ( white ) and i ( black ) .
phytochromes are proteins with a light absorbing pigment attached ( chromophore ) .
uptown 's population declined in the 1950s as chicago 's suburbs were developed and opened , absorbing chicago 's middle and upper classes .
during the 18th century a migration of kwakwaka'wakw ( kwak'wala - speaking ) people of the wakashan cultural and linguistic group migrated south from the area of fort rupert and established themselves in the campbell river area , at first enslaving and then absorbing the comox , and became infamous as raiders of the coast salish peoples farther south , known to history as the euclataws , which is also spelled yucultas and is a variant on their name for themselves , the laich - kwil - tach , lekwiltok or legwildok .
repeated compression in this area can cause cartilage degeneration , with the cartilage flattening and gradually becoming less springy and shock absorbing .
the distribution can be represented by a random variable describing the time until absorption of a markov chain with one absorbing state .
besides the transformation of the " lundum " to the " morna " ( check the main article — " morna " ) , the " lundum " went on absorbing external elements , for instance , from the brazilians bossa nova and samba - canção , and later from the emerging genre " coladeira " .
microfilament polyester is used in some technical pipe cleaners because polyester wicks liquid away rather than absorbing it as cotton does .
the union superseded the european communities , absorbing the european economic community as one of its three pillars and renaming it the " european community " .
it featured an energy absorbing " s " shaped front end , torque boxes to isolate road shock , fourteen rubber body mounts and five solid cross members .
although not personally involved in any of the atrocities mentioned , adachi insisted on absorbing command responsibility for the actions of his subordinates during the military tribunal .
on 1 march 1902 , the station was renamed again as southport st luke 's , and in june of that year it began serving the preston line , absorbing the adjacent southport ash street railway station .
the american specialist in doping , max m. novich , wrote : " trainers of the old school who supplied treatments which had cocaine as their base declared with assurance that a rider tired by a six - day race would get his second breath after absorbing these mixtures . "
in 1973 the motorway was completed from bologna to bari ( absorbing parts of the a17 near bari ) and the spur for ravenna was also finished .
the hospital thus serves as an example of peaceful coexistence between arabs and jews , and of absorbing immigrants from the soviet union , ethiopia and other lands .
however , the gizoid is prone to being overloaded by the power of the emeralds or from absorbing too much data , in which case he goes on a mindless rampage .
her telepathic / empathic powers are so sensitive she can sense thoughts and emotions tied to past events merely by being in the same area the event happened and absorbing the psychic vibrations ( psychometry ) .
since the wraith were created by the fictional iratus bug absorbing ancient dna , the wraith language seems to be a derivative of the ancient language , and the two use the same writing system ; the wraith language is therefore relatively easy to translate by experienced ancient speakers .
it is also exceptionally good at absorbing polyphenols during dna purification .
in " the final nightmare " , the vulture transformed into the man - spider after absorbing peter parker 's dna and youth .
the intensity under the pre - edge transition depends on the geometry around the absorbing metal and can be correlated to the structural symmetry in the molecule . molecules with centrosymmetry
the streetwise had a higher ride height than the basic 25 , and although it shared many of the common characteristics of the 25 , it was visually different with large impact absorbing grey or black plastic bumpers .
it soon became the one absorbing object of henry 's desires to secure an annulment .
so i looked at these two extremely funny people and created a style of comedy from absorbing their actions . "
this application exploits the x - ray absorbing ability of the heavy iodine nucleus .
the squadron was then reloacted to little rock air force base , ar , and reorganized as the 189th tactical reconnaissance group , absorbing elements of the 123rd air base group .
word went through a period of restructuring , closing their los angeles music publishing office , absorbing myrrh records , squint entertainment , and everland entertainment into the word label group , and reducing in - house staff .
there is little archaeological evidence to support the theory of a large - scale celtic invasion ( or series of invasions ) , but it is quite possible that small groups of migrants , highly skilled in the art of war and armed with superior iron weaponry , were powerful enough to gain a foothold in the island and eventually succeeded in subjugating or absorbing the pre - celtic natives ; in the 12th century of the common era small bands of heavily armed anglo - normans did just this , so there is no conceivable reason why it could not also have happened in the pre - christian era .
he was the author of " the anatomy of the absorbing vessels of the human body " , which was first published in 1786 .
this was more absorbing for the audience since the singer would sometimes go into a stupor like state , carrying his songs at lengths about unfaithful women , treacherous friends and unfair deprivation .
peter 's hands begin to glow , and bennet realizes that peter is absorbing ted 's power .
for shipping , cores are packed in styrofoam boxes protected by shock absorbing bubble - wrap .
groundwater closer to the surface typically has spent a shorter time in the ground , therefore likely absorbing a lower concentration of arsenic ; water deeper than 100 m is exposed to much older sediments which have already been depleted of arsenic .
hence clouds exchange thermal radiation between their bases and the underlying planetary surface ( land or ocean ) by absorbing and re - emitting this infrared radiation at the prevailing temperature : the lower the cloud base , the warmer the cloud particles and the higher the rate of emission .
meanwhile , the monitor , a being linked with all positive matter , senses his enemy , the anti - monitor , absorbing yet another positive - matter earth with his antimatter cloud .
a bigger problem was a flawed graphite - tip control rod design , which initially displaced coolant before neutron - absorbing material was inserted and the reaction slowed .
movable control rods containing neutron - absorbing material is one method , but control rods alone to balance the excess reactivity may be impractical for a particular core design as there may be insufficient room for the rods or their mechanisms .
amiga action called the game absorbing .
so if there is a cool area in the thermogram , that object will be absorbing the radiation emitted by the warm object .
but the majority of the monsters are contracted allies and the power source for most of the thirteen kamen riders , building their power by absorbing the energy of other defeated mirror monsters .
in december 2001 , it was converted into an affiliating university , with almost all engineering colleges in the state of tamil nadu under its fold and also absorbing all the six government engineering colleges in tamil nadu as its constituent colleges .
mergers can also be implemented to limit local autonomy and dissent by absorbing dissident locals into larger ones where their voice can be drowned out .
examples of its use include absorbing the excess ink left on parchment after writing with a fountain pen , removal of excess lipstick or facial oils in cosmetic testing , or removal of excess dye after staining .
this group soon became the focus for unity , absorbing first balogh 's group in 1937 before adopting the hnsp moniker for his own group that same year .
a thermally sensitive coil was attached to the blades in such a way that low temperatures within the satellite would cause the coil to contract and rotate the blades and expose the heat absorbing surface , and high temperatures would cause the blades to cover the black patterns .
the media of these devices were crystals with transition metal ion impurities , absorbing low - energy light and re - emitting it in the visible range .
they are always on the move to absorb more sunlight , though they usually remain quiet and still while absorbing it .
between april and may 1986 many of these machines were used to drop radiation - absorbing materials into the 4th reactor of chernobyl nuclear power plant after the explosion .
kezn was operated under the cbs radio banner for several years afterward , switching later to viacom 's infinity broadcasting banner after absorbing cbs .
it rapidly expanded , absorbing its rivals , and became a daily newspaper in 1858 under the lengthy title " the hobart town daily mercury " .
in the story , his role involves absorbing the energy from the crystals within the earth in order to make himself the most powerful monster on the planet .
the " new lands " , including macedonia , experienced difficulties at first in absorbing the influx of refugees but were later to play a leading part in the economic and social upsurge of modern greece and her people .
however , he did not really manage to get her disfigured , as his beauty - absorbing power actually exposes people 's inner beauty , so tati did not really change a thing .
booklist online called the work an " absorbing , debut ya novel , " which " blends intricately detailed fantasy with a contemporary setting , teen - relevant issues , and a diverse if sometimes stereotyped , cast of characters . "
unlike standard telecommunications and power cables , which have only a thin layer of insulation and a waterproof outer cover , dbc consists of multiple layers of heavy metallic - banded sheathing , reinforced by heavy rubber covers , shock absorbing gel , wrapped thread - fortified waterproof tape , and stiffened by a heavy metal core .
the 47th flying training wing was reactivated and redesignated at laughlin afb , texas on september 1 , 1972 , replacing and absorbing the resources of the 3646th pilot training wing at laughlin afb .
altran technologies consultants have worked during a year with the award winning team to increase the surface area of the panel from 2.5 cm² to 10 cm² ; to apply an absorbing and dispersing layer on this extra surface area ; to optimize light power under different conditions ; to build a demonstration model and to identify potential partners .
this means that if the league is willing to take losses on the scale which they are physically capable of absorbing , eventually the manticoran navy will run out of missiles to fire and they will be overwhelmed .
the absorbing details of the case 's passage through the u.s. military - justice system are described in mr. pantano 's just - published memoir , " warlord . "
she battled the absorbing man , doctor doom , and the hulk .
even up until 1912 , astronomer henry pickering commented : " while the interstellar absorbing medium may be simply the ether , [ it ] is characteristic of a gas , and free gaseous molecules are certainly there " .
water gel is usually composed of a water - absorbing polymer such as a polyacrylamide ( frequently polymethylacrylate or sodium polyacrylate ) .
it has few shock - absorbing adaptations , and prefers to feed on the ground or to chip away at rotting wood and bark , habits observed in birds outside of the woodpecker family .
he spent a year in germany following high school , learning the german language and absorbing its culture .
" the law of dreams " was widely acclaimed by critics , who called it an " ambitious epic " , " impressive , swiftly paced saga " , " fearsome story , " and " absorbing , unsparing and beautifully written account " . ron charles , a senior editor of the washington post 's book world section , named it his favourite of 2006 and compared behrens ' style to " pure magic " .
he also seems to have gained more strength since volume 7 in the way he is no longer constrained to his seat where he was previously seen regenerating by absorbing helpless victims ' energies in volume 3 .
most modern shoulder pads consist of a shock absorbing foam material with a hard plastic outer covering .
cities established a symbiosis with their surrounding countrysides , absorbing agricultural products and providing , in return , manufactures and varying degrees of military protection .
ebert noted that the film is " so absorbing that whenever it cuts away from the plot , there is another , better plot to cut to . "
myotismon momentarily took over oikawa 's body and with the additional power from absorbing one of the dark flowers , fired a blast of dark energy at cody 's grandfather .
for the last few years of his life this new interest remained the absorbing one .
these hellenised jews were only affected by the diaspora in its spiritual sense , absorbing the feeling of loss and homelessness which became a cornerstone of the jewish creed , much supported by persecutions in various parts of the world .
the distribution can be represented by a random variable describing the time until absorption of a markov process with one absorbing state .
in the lungs there is an interstitial space between capillaries ( tiny blood vessels ) and the alveoli ( the microscopic air - filled sacs in the lungs responsible for absorbing oxygen from the atmosphere ) .
however , because of hafnium 's neutron - absorbing properties , hafnium impurities in zirconium would cause it to be far less useful for nuclear - reactor applications .
an independent corporation was establisned in 2006 , fulfilling one of the requirements of j. league associate membership , and in 2008 the team merged with nearby suzuka club , thereby absorbing a youth program that can help to meet another key requirement .
on july 27 , 1865 the military division of the pacific was created under major general henry w. halleck , replacing the department of the pacific , consisting of the department of the columbia and the expanded department of california absorbing the district of southern california that now consisted of the states of california and nevada and the territory of new mexico and territory of arizona .
interference by heparin can be detected by absorbing the heparin with a resin ( “ heparsorb ” ) or by using an enzyme to digest the heparin ( “ hepzyme ” ) .
the fry spend a further 24 to 48 hours absorbing the yolk sac , whereupon they become free - swimming .
after absorbing the " infinity big bang storm " , he combines that energy with his own spiral energy ( and that of his comrades ) to create the super tengen toppa gurren lagann , which purely consists of spiral energy in the form of a faceless entity resembling both simon and kamina , and it is more than a hundred times larger than its preceding form .
for virtual surround to be effective , the room should be both physically symmetrical about the perpendicular to the line between the speakers , and the absorbing characteristics of the left and right walls .
children are at especially high risk for the injury because the relative flexibility of their bones prevents the chest wall from absorbing force from an impact , causing it to be transmitted instead to the lung .
two of the reactors were used to produce tritium for the uk ’s strategic nuclear deterrent and therefore required enriched uranium fuel to offset the neutron absorbing effect of the lithium target material .
it is later revealed that stonewall is the son of the crusher creel , aka the absorbing man .
absorbing the chamber , it was able to inflict all of g - island with enough force that the island would eventually sink , slowly leveling the area and leaving everyone helpless to even move .
while doing so , the player must watch for the rotation of the sentinel and be careful not to stand in an area which the sentinel can see , or else it will start absorbing energy from the synthoid , and when the energy is gone , the game is over .
with the exception of the mormons , who were driven out of the region from upstate new york to western illinois , the region has proved tolerant , open and adept at absorbing new immigrant , linguistic , religious and ethnic groups .
in addition to absorbing nutrients , the trichomes may serve to insulate the plant from freezing weather .
the electron can change its state to a higher energy level by absorbing a photon with sufficient energy to boost it into the new quantum state .
winter was an energy absorber capable of absorbing heat or rechanneling energy directed at him , including kinetic energy and radiation .
the twilights , formed in adelaide , also made to trip to london , recording a series of minor hits , absorbing the psychedelic scene , to return home to produce covers of beatles ' songs , complete with sitar , and the concept album " once upon a twilight " ( 1968 ) .
the " london express " called the film “ superbly atmospheric ” while " the sunday telegraph " dubbed it “ compassionate , intelligent and absorbing . ” the " new york herald - tribune " called " séance on a wet afternoon " “ the perfect psychological suspense thriller and a flawless film to boot ” while " the new york times " stated “ it is n’t often you see a melodrama that sends you forth with a lump in your throat , as well as a set of muscles weary from being tenses for nigh two hours . ”
this continued residual attachment reached its pinnacle upon savage 's attempt to destroy megatron while the vehicon leader was absorbing all of cybertron 's sparks , megatron would soon kill him , but his sacrifice allowed nightscream to stop megatron , something for which he was honored by the maximals .
the command was activated on 15 jan 1958 by absorbing the personnel and equipment of the 5th air division , which was inactivated the same day .
conversely , captain planet is often healed from the damage he sustains from pollution by absorbing solar energy , water , or other natural elements .
after a long development period the walther lgr emerged as the main rival of the successful feinwerkbau 300 match air rifle series , that were powered by a spring - piston coupled with an ingenious recoil absorbing system that allowed the barrel and receiver to slide back and forth on a rail system .
" my life in orange , though slightly patchwork in its construction , is an absorbing piece of writing , all the more compelling for begging as many questions as it answers and for the author 's refusal to ask for pity , " wrote geraldine bedell in a review of the book in " the observer " .
eventually , instability in the near east resulting from the power vacuum left by the collapse of the seleucid empire caused the roman proconsul pompey the great to abolish the seleucid rump state , absorbing much of syria into the roman republic .
when flatts decides to beat up spongebob , spongebob discovers that his spongy structure is absorbing his blows , and is feeling no pain .
surgically implanted , it transfers the memories of the previous owners to the current host while absorbing new memories .
in 1994 vrc-30 took sole responsibility for pacific fleet c-2 operations by absorbing personnel and aircraft when vrc-50 was decommissioned .
" the times " , giving it 4 out of 5 stars , wrote : " this rich material makes for a completely absorbing film .
individuals with cf also have difficulties absorbing the fat - soluble vitamins a , d , e , and k.
the washington times said the book is " an absorbing insider 's story . "
after a rugged , but absorbing first half , the power proved too strong in the second stanza , winning comfortably in the end .
the rods may have the form of stainless steel tubes filled with neutron absorbing pellets or powder .
these circles also contribute with their polychrome transparencies to make the atmosphere pervading the exhibition more absorbing .
detailed after - action reports and critiques were conducted by vc / pavn forces , absorbing lessons learned and sharpening their skills for the next assault .
gillingham had previously played in division one of the southern football league , but in 1920 the football league decided to add a third division to its existing set - up and did so by absorbing the entire southern league division one to form the new football league third division .
numismatics was his all - absorbing interest from an early age .
he has been confirmed as an omega - level mutant in " uncanny x - men " # 483 , his powers elevated to said level thanks to absorbing a massive amount of mutant energies from m - day , as stated in " uncanny x - men " # 477 .
absorbing and study of waheguruji 's name bring true honor
minimalist procedures such as additive and subtractive process are common in postminimalism , though usually in disguised form , and the style has also shown a capacity for absorbing influences from world and popular music ( balinese gamelan , bluegrass , jewish cantillation , and so on ) .
around 1935 , sd 73 was extended south from faith , absorbing what had been a portion of south dakota highway 24 to near plainview , then southeast via a new route to philip .
he and jenny quarx , still onboard , exchange a kiss , then jenny sacrifices herself by absorbing the miniature universe that powers the carrier , preventing it from destroying the universe when the ship crashes .
for individuals lacking sufficient lutein intake , lutein - fortified foods are available , or in the case of elderly people with a poorly absorbing digestive system , a sublingual spray is available .
the city kept on growing for more than a century , absorbing the nearby comuni of borsano and sacconago in 1927 on a major administrative reform implemented by the fascist regime , and was only marginally damaged even by world war ii ( a single allied airdropped bomb is said to have hit the train station ) .
some sufis under the chishtiyya order were not against absorbing ideas from the hindu bhakti movement and even used hindi for their devotional songs .
eventually he saved the elves from destruction by absorbing winnowill 's soul and keeping it a prisoner in his own body - a constant and terrible burden that the other elves can scarcely imagine .
this is due to the fact that chittagong was a port city that was open to traders from arabia , persia and turkey since ancient times , naturally absorbing their words .
california and arizona are major producers of citrus crops , although growing metropolitan sprawl is absorbing much of this land .
but the majority of the monsters are contracted allies and the power source for most of the thirteen kamen riders , building their power by absorbing the energy of other defeated mirror monsters .
camp ( later fort ) gordon was established , absorbing for the united states army a large portion of richmond county and parts of columbia , mcduffie , and jefferson ; when this installation was kept following the war , the course of history for the entire augusta area including columbia county was forever changed .
" it grew progressively , absorbing land from the northwest territories until it attained its current size by reaching 60° north in 1912 .
some of the immigrants chose to stick to the strategy of dissimilation , keeping the originating culture and rejecting the absorbing culture .
alongside the squadron supreme , professor imam , and master menace , inertia attacked the nth man , a universe - absorbing entity that was encroaching into the earth-712 universe .
the resulting force is proportional to the velocity , but acts in the opposite direction , slowing the motion and absorbing energy .
fiberglass is becoming a common handle material due to its increased durability and shock and vibration absorbing capabilities .
he also underlined the fact that " modern " patuá has been strongly influenced by cantonese , namely since the beginning of the 20th century , adding that it was " quite a miracle " that patuá has been able to survive for four centuries in macau , considering that " chinese culture is quite absorbing . "
specially designed with the same patented fabric as ultra plus for discreet and secure protection while absorbing more liquid .
the federal crop insurance corporation reinsures the companies by absorbing some of the losses of the program when indemnities exceed total premiums .
as part of the budget reductions and to consolidate all of the wing 's elements at a larger facility , the 20th tactical fighter wing was relocated from wethersfield to raf upper heyford , replacing and absorbing the 66th tactical reconnaissance wing , which had relocated from laon ab , france to the uk on 1 june 1970 .
mezhirov has a " special gift " for absorbing the voices of his contemporaries and his predecessors from the 1900s–1930s , according to shrayer , who notes the influences in mezhirov 's writing of eduard bagritsky , erich maria remarque , anna akhmatova , aleksandr blok , vladislav khodasevich , mikhail kuzmin , vladimir lugovskoy , david samoylov and arseny tarkovsky .
a wider ionosphere will cause the sky wave to refract closer to the earth thus diminishing the size of the skip zone while absorbing the strength of the signal .
when drained of her electricity , she reverts to her solid form and can not use most of her abilities or transform into living electricity until absorbing at least a minimal amount of electric power from some source .
principles of operation of torque power ( absorbing ) dynamometers .
since the complex is brand new , jcb hall has a state of the art sound system , complete with a sound absorbing acoustic wall .
in 1996 it became the latest u.s. highway to run from border to border , with the extension from malta , montana to the canadian border , absorbing former montana secondary highway 242 .
in 1994 , the kennett government disaggregated the secv into five distribution and retail companies ( absorbing the meus in the process ) , five generation companies , and a transmission company .
vehicles ( agent of injury ) were built with new safety features , including head rests , energy - absorbing steering wheels , shatter - resistant windshields , and safety belts roads ( environment ) were improved by better delineation of curves ( edge and center line stripes and reflectors ) , use of breakaway sign and utility poles , improved illumination , addition of barriers separating oncoming traffic lanes , and guardrails
mangroves serve as important coastal defences absorbing strong waves and reputably up to 95% of the waves energy in extreme cases , such as a tsunami or king tide limiting damage .
in the process , an x - ray sensitive polymer photoresist , typically pmma , bonded to an electrically conductive substrate , is exposed to parallel beams of high - energy x - rays from a synchrotron radiation source through a mask partly covered with a strong x - ray absorbing material .
these may consist of a simple transverse beam fixed at buffer height but the buffer stops at passenger stations can be elaborate hydraulic installations capable of absorbing a considerable amount of energy .
nonetheless , thaksin opted for a broad coalition with the chart thai party ( 41 seats ) and the new aspiration party ( 36 seats ) , while absorbing the smaller seritham party ( 14 seats ) .
selim i also deposed the ruling mamluks in egypt , absorbing their territories into the ottoman empire in 1517 .
a robot computer virus monster capable of absorbing the information on all of the power rangers ' weapons and even the zords .
from the period of april through october 1944 , the division conducted post - maneuver training , losing a number of trained personnel to other units and absorbing and training their replacements .
ultimecia then started absorbing all of time , space , and existence into her newly transformed body .
the plot manages to be convoluted without ever becoming absorbing " .
the staff itself is powerless , fueling its circuitry by absorbing the kinetic energy directed against it .
during the 90 's ( pp ) polypropylene materials are then used in their extrusion machines making automotive shock absorbing parts and acquiring many design patents along the way .
josephus describes the roman people being as if they were " born ready armed . " and the romans were for long periods prepared to engage in almost continuous warfare , absorbing massive losses .
" naturally obsessed , " a funny , lively , thoroughly absorbing documentary … moves viewers with ease and intimacy through a world too often portrayed as boring , nerdy and filled with indecipherable jargon . ”
cervecería cuauhtémoc grew in size in monterrey , and like cevercería modelo , went national as it began to buy smaller breweries in other parts of the country , absorbing many of the local brands and making them available nationally .
the undead succeeded in absorbing the decks of chalice and leangle , along with jack and queen cards of garren .
presently , the localization rate of parts and components of electric locomotive and emus reaches 70 per cent and 75 per cent respectively , and china has developed 300 km / h emus based on digesting and absorbing overseas ' new technologies .
the dalek manages to regenerate itself by absorbing the dna of the time travelling rose and escapes , killing two hundred personnel before it is finally stopped .
some writers ( lunn 1999 ) even make the controversial argument that towards the end of world war i , the black soldiers were increasingly been used as shock troops , and were absorbing three times as many casualties as white french troops .
during his teenage years he was absorbing the twin influences of 1960s rock and roll and latin american rhythms of merengue music , cumbia , and particularly the boleros of the mexican armando manzanero .
the blades themselves were made of reflective material and consist of four vanes which were flush against the surface , covering a black heat - absorbing pattern painted on the sphere .
kengo mashimo and kazma won the first strongest - k tag team tournament and were crowned the first ever strongest - k tag team champions , the two dominating the tag team scene in k - dojo as they also won the uwa and uwf intercontinental tag team titles , absorbing them into the strongest - k tag team title .
in mathematics , an absorbing element is a special type of element of a set with respect to a binary operation on that set .
80,000 tapes , absorbing the history that would become a career tool .
at this time , rock musicians in japan were absorbing " kayōkyoku " music when the genre " kayōkyoku " had already been vanished .
in february 2009 , science daily reported that the southern indian ocean is becoming less effective at absorbing carbon dioxide due to changes to the regions climate which include higher wind speeds .
in " the carpenter and the rich man " ( 1914 ) " bouck white shows in vivid and absorbing fashion jesus as the leader of the great proletarian surge of his time .
during the commotion cause by archangel and the arriving x - force risman goes after magus but is surprised to find eli absorbing part of magus . risman tries to shoot eli but fails and is captured but before eli is able to feed risman is shot in the head by x-23 .
noah finds the doctor there trying to deactivate the stack to prevent the creature inside from absorbing more energy .
in 1862 , it did a reverse takeover , absorbing the remaining portions bergen township .
moses hadas , an earlier translator , takes a slightly different view : " if " an ephesian tale " is an absorbing tale of love and improbable adventure , it is also a tract to prove that diana of the ephesians ( who was equated with isis ) cares for her loyal devotees . "
the proposal was conditional on a peace treaty that would allow israel to retain the territory it had taken , and on the arab states absorbing the remaining 550,000–650,000 refugees .
more organized and better represented at national level , the daf ended up absorbing the nsbo in 1935 .
in 1938 , the portion on avenue m became an extension of the b9 , and the b6 was extended to east flatbush , absorbing most of the b21 and using a new routing on glenwood road and avenue h. further extensions were made in the 1950s to ralph avenue and 1960s to canarsie - rockaway parkway on the canarsie line , and it later absorbed the b84 to spring creek and was extended to new lots avenue on the new lots line .
the superabsorbent properties of rely caused vaginal dryness by absorbing the natural humidity of the vagina .
the vision ultimately defeats the absorbing man by using a computer virus .
indian architecture is that vast tapestry of production of the indian subcontinent that encompasses a multitude of expressions over space and time , transformed by the forces of history considered unique to the sub - continent , sometimes destroying , but most of the time absorbing .
after 1971 arad began absorbing " olim " ( jewish immigrants ) , mostly from the soviet union , but also from english speaking countries and latin america , and its population increased from 4,000 in 1969 to 10,500 in 1974 .
instead of faking objectivity , a true researcher , starbuck suggests , faces the ambiguous border between prescription and prevision , between observation and interpretation while absorbing equivocalities of his or her own interrogations .
in this fight he was forced retreat by the possibility that guido may damage his heart by absorbing the energy of hulk 's punch .
a common example is the transmission of light through fingers , producing a red glow due to red blood cells absorbing all other colours of the light .
the guardian critic maddy costa praised the album as " 13 absorbing songs , sparingly orchestrated to concentrate attention on the lyrics [ ... ] that grows more enveloping with every listen . " .
woodcroft patented fundamental improvements in textile machinery and ship propulsion , and this in turn led to an absorbing interest in the history of the patent procedure .
kintobor later tries to eliminate all the evil in the world by absorbing it into the chaos emeralds , but the experiment goes awry , instead shocking the doctor with " 10,000 volts of pure evil energy . "
later , his forces moved back to costa rica , with the goal of absorbing the remnants of the arde into the southern front of uno .
journalist j. randy taraborrelli concluded that jackson 's performance during the speech was " absorbing " and well received .
the products created by the nuclear fission reactions are retained within the fuel pellets and these become neutron - absorbing products , also called nuclear poisons , that act to slow the rate of nuclear fission and heat production .
delaroche 's love for horace vernet 's young daughter louise was the absorbing passion of his life .
after the war development became fast again , and the city grew , absorbing several nearby towns .
on november 19 , the air force redesignated the unit as the 354th fighter - day wing , absorbing all personnel and assets of the 342d fdw .
namely , proper pool depth , elimination of currents , increased lane width , energy absorbing racing lane lines and gutters , and the use of other innovative hydraulic , acoustic and illumination designs .
electrons that are bound to atoms possess a set of stable energy levels , or orbitals , and can undergo transitions between them by absorbing or emitting photons that match the energy differences between the levels .
when the bottles are filled with a ( dark ) liquid , or other dark material , the wall can function as a thermal mass , absorbing solar radiation during the day and radiating it back into the space at night , thus dampening diurnal temperature swings .
a black hole of 4.5 × 1022 kg ( about the mass of the moon ) would be in equilibrium at 2.7 kelvin , absorbing as much radiation as it emits .
an ordinary ( typically firm , since soft pillows have a shock absorbing effect ) pillow can be used .
the main advantage of such gear is that no other shock - absorbing device is needed ; the deflecting leaf provides the shock absorption .
" spirits " was originally intended to be a grand culmination of weston 's experience living in and absorbing the music of morocco .
polyorthocarbonates are also stable molecules , and these polymers might have applications in absorbing organic solvents in waste treatment processes , or in dental restorative materials .
from the perspective of many eastern orthodox , eastern catholicism is a ploy by roman catholicism to undermine and ultimately destroy their church by undermining its legitimacy and absorbing it into the roman catholic church .
the absorbing man later battles and is apparently killed by the hero sentry during the events of " civil war " .
in the system as adopted in 1926 , us 2 instead took the inland route , while us 1 followed the coast , absorbing all of the former routes 24 and 1 in new england .
absorbing her mother 's angelic powers , lady death returned to battle lucifer , ultimately casting him through the gates of heaven .
water , on the contrary , is not diathermanous as we can see on a satellite image from the amazonas delta into the atlantic ocean , in which we can see no clouds over the big river because image was taken at the morning , when water is much colder than the continent and it is absorbing heat , since water lasts longer than soil in warming up , but also lasts longer in cooling down .
with their investment reduced to junk status , bondholders took control of the company with former majority stakeholder apax absorbing losses of over $ 100 m
it was assembled in the rhineland and westphalia areas of western germany in 1944 from the remnants of the 16th panzergrenadier division , thus absorbing the 179th reserve panzer division ( reserve ) , the former being badly mauled after combat on the eastern front , and the latter being a second - line unit that had been on occupational duty in france since 1943 .
according to the new york times book review 's paul fussell , gossip from the forest ' is a study of the profoundly civilian and pacific sensibility beleaguered by crude power ... it is absorbing , and as history it achieves the kind of significance earned only by sympathy acting on deep knowledge . '
upon rewatering , they are capable of quickly forming an absorbing root surface and hair growth .
they learn to their horror that the earlier group of scientists have been eaten by mutated giant crabs that have gained intelligence by absorbing the minds of their victims .
the building is clad in flame - treated royal pearl granite from georgia and bronze - tinted , heat - absorbing , glare - reducing glass with slim bronze - anodized aluminum mullions .
black carbon warms the planet by absorbing heat in the atmosphere and by reducing albedo , the ability to reflect sunlight , when deposited on snow and ice .
as a result , the concentration of the absorbing or scattering particles in the glaze could determine the degree of opacification .
curing process that repels water from absorbing .
short , fixed , cantilever shock absorbing undercarriage legs were mounted under each engine , normally with faired legs and spatted wheels .
at the time , waltzes and ländlers mixed with the music of the immigrants absorbing sounds from all over central and eastern europe and the balkans .
the first rush of water soon became a " creeping inundation " , slowed in its advance for 35 to 40 minutes by water - absorbing sloughs .
at the beginning , caesar was able to successfully fight back by absorbing the cyborg 's eye beams through his own eyes and then reflecting the projectiles back at his adversary .
the chain grew in 1999 by absorbing the stock chain .
the wine stays in these casks for 8 months , maturing and absorbing the flavour of the wood , before being transferred to smaller oak barrels which are taken outside and left for a year .
alongside speedball , rage battled an evil duplicate , and defeated it by absorbing it into himself .
the book has been positively reviewed as accessible and highly involving , and appealing to a wide age of readers , as well as being a suspenseful , absorbing read .
the caro 1.9gld hitting a concrete block ( without an energy - absorbing metal cage ) with 40% of the front at survived very well .
the results are absorbing and deeply moving to witness .
the only other means of infection are from direct transmission from a vampire , or by absorbing a leech ’s egg , and becoming a full - blown " eggson " ( or –daughter ) , or to be born the bloodson / blooddaughter of a vampire .
