perhaps the most damning review of the book came from " la weeklys alec hanley bemis , who himself is ironically thanked in the acknowledgement section of nugent 's book .
although he never got a reply or any acknowledgement of his letter - writing .
to this date there is no official or unofficial acknowledgement of the incident from the ethiopian air force nor is there an explanation offered .
the beginning point for sdi is the acknowledgement that poor people living in shack settlements are and will continue to be the major producers of houses in the south .
most significantly , section 44(i ) asserts that any person " under any acknowledgement of allegiance , obedience , or adherence to a foreign power , or is a subject or a citizen or entitled to the rights or privileges of a subject or citizen of a foreign power " is not eligible to stand for parliament .
however , this is a catch-22 since despite the acknowledgement that there are lgbts present in the society today , there are no data to support that lgbts exist and if the number of lgbts are enough for it to have its own party list .
royal acknowledgement .
bentley sent newton only six presentation copies ; cotes was unpaid ; newton omitted any acknowledgement to cotes .
however , welsh identity remained strong and recently there has been an increasing awareness and acknowledgement of wales ' cultural and historical separateness from england , which has latterly been reflected politically .
- a written acknowledgement provided to the consumer stating that consumers do not have to purchase a package funeral arrangement
in season 1988/1989 was the best pass a ball player otakar janecký with 41 passes and the acknowledgement for the best coach was given to valdimír martinec .
the software will send out an email acknowledgement .
public acknowledgement and commercial success was achieved at last with his album " cosas mías " ( 1995 ) which would also become his last .
the passionate devotees from all over the area pay homage to the saint as a token of acknowledgement of fulfilment of their desires for which they make vows .
the play is not a translation of shakespeare 's " king lear " , but the title is an acknowledgement of the roots of the plot .
nile 's music is also characterized by its extreme complexity and speed – for which the band has received acknowledgement from many music fans and journalists - and its extremely " heavy " riffing , due to nile 's guitar and bass tunings .
one of the most important accomplishments of maddox 's widely acclaimed biography is that maddox made a well - received case for inadequate acknowledgement . "
the acknowledgement phase involves sending a dhcpack packet to the client .
the tithe was extremely unpopular , despite the general acknowledgement that it was , in english eyes , for a worthy cause .
the commandant is harsh in his acknowledgement of the holstein commander , and insults him to the point where he draws his sword .
the gesture was noted by the singapore media as a rare public acknowledgement of their relationship .
wiesel 's organization also asserted that turkish acknowledgement of the armenian genocide would create no legal " basis for reparations or territorial claims " , anticipating turkish anxieties that it could prompt financial or territorial claims .
karlin et al . described a one - parameter family of inputs , called the basis inputs , and showed that when restricted to these basis inputs , the tcp acknowledgement problem behaves the same as the ski rental problem .
another version of chris 's story has him not returning to earth , but travelling in space to find the last surviving aliens to continue his training with them , appending the kl to his name in honour of the alien race , the k'l , and the 99 in acknowledgement that there were only 98 of the aliens left alive when he was with them .
this does not mean that we must have expertise in those models or even accept them personally , but we must be ready to defer and then adapt all personal criteria responsively in acknowledgement of the world 's diversity .... when two or more ideas conflict , the temptation often is to reconcile them .
the association as it stands today is separate from a union of nurses in that it maintains a unique group membership for dissemination and networking of relevant topics and seeks to attain further professional acknowledgement of skills , aptitude and education through consultative mechanisms .
formal acknowledgement of this status was finally given legal force by the statute of westminster of 1931 .
because of this , as an acknowledgement of christy and sometimes as an in - joke or shibboleth , the initial " sh " pronunciation is common among astronomers when speaking english ,
as acknowledgement for his bravery in the face of terrorism , he was awarded by the president of pakistan , the highest civilian award for bravery the hilal - i - shujaat in 2009 .
acknowledgement : pat mastelotto , johnny triumph , franne golde , betsy , rick , sally grossmann , sean perry , dom t. , howard , valerie , arni , derek , netty .
there has been speculation since good shepherd 's inception that the schools will one day join to become one college that provides education for all students years prep-12 , as other private church schools including methodist ladies ' college and yarra valley grammar have successfully done , but there has been no official acknowledgement of this proposal from either school at any time .
in september 1976 the name of the corporation was changed to " cryonics association " in acknowledgement that its scope of operations was not limited to a single state .
as an acknowledgement and token of appreciation of his contributions , prof .
to this day , the seat of the catholic archbishop of dublin , st. mary 's , is known as a pro - cathedral , in acknowledgement of the fact that the holy see recognizes christ church as the rightful seat of the catholic archbishop .
if sender has not received acknowledgement for the first packet it sent , it will stop and wait and if this wait exceeds a certain limit , it may even retransmit .
" pudlo 's works over the years demonstrate his keen visual sense , his versatility and innovativeness in subject matter and technique — tempered by his sense of humour — his knowledge of traditional life on the land , and his acknowledgement of the changing times ...
acknowledgement of the input from each school was symbolised by a five - pointed star .
the acknowledgement of country is usually a statement or a speech made by an aboriginal or a non - aboriginal to show respect to the traditional custodians of the land .
in an interview with the daily post on 15 june 2000 , tuivaga defended his role , saying it was not an endorsement but a practical acknowledgement of " reality . " " while a de facto government is in place it is impossible for me as chief justice not to acknowledge its actual existence as a matter of political reality , " he said .
1949 saw the acknowledgement of the browns ' services to education in south australia , with margaret awarded the order of the british empire ( obe ) .
his books remain a fascinating description of life in a welsh mining community of their time ; there is an awareness of the crisis of masculinity that mass unemployment brought home to those communities , and the description of workers in struggle with their employers is unflinching in its acknowledgement of defeat as well as victory .
the prominent legal philosopher joel feinberg , whose teaching career began with a two - year stint at brown , carried on a long and apparently furious feud with carberry in the acknowledgement sections of his many books .
hyperdispensationalism teaches that the controversy continues because of lack of acknowledgement that god used the apostle paul to introduce a new program , called " the mystery " during the period of time that is covered under the book of acts and that this " mystery " is what paul calls " my gospel " which " had been kept secret since the world began " , until it was revealed to and through the apostle paul . and that there can only be unity amongst believers on earth when all believers acknowledge the distinctive character of paul 's ministry .
in other words , it is a measure of how much data the remote transmitter can send before requiring an acknowledgement for the outstanding data .
all the states of the malay sultanate presented annual gifts to the thai king in the form of a golden flower , which understood the gesture to be tribute and an acknowledgement of vassalage .
in acknowledgement of her nickname , ajda released an album called " superstar " in 1977 .
in 1934 luigi dallapiccola and paul dessau each received a ' special acknowledgement ' .
the interworking msc of the smsc , on receipt of the map mo - forwardsm message , passes the sms - pp application protocol data unit ( apdu ) containing the text message to the actual service centre ( sc ) of the smsc for storing , and subsequent ' forwarding ' ( delivery ) to the destination address and the sc returns an acknowledgement indicating success or failure .
aparicio and estebans ' theory connects the facts that the pyramids were built in the 19th century with the acknowledgement that they are not simply piles of stones .
he and 69 of his monks signed the acknowledgement of the royal supremacy on 10 december , 1534 and from then until its dissolution he kept the house generally obedient to the will of the king and cromwell .
despite its modest designation and location , the vineyard has received widespread acknowledgement , described by the " the times " to taste like a “ latour ” and by the french magazine " gaultmillau " as the " lafite rothschild of the languedoc - roussillon " , it is frequently referred to as the " grand cru of the languedoc " .
its rhetoric emphasises the " acknowledgement of the judeo - christian roots of europe and attachment to christian social morals " .
source and acknowledgement .
misinai concedes that " the engagement " might seem like a surreal project , but so too did zionism initially . " the engagement " , he admits , is a process that requires participation by both sides and mutual acknowledgement of the " other " as a part of oneself .
it also allowed for more reservation lands to be set up , and was an acknowledgement that the virginia indian leaders were subjects of the king of england .
the paper begins with a brief summary of the voyage , followed by an acknowledgement of the specimen collections to which brown was given access prior to the voyage .
archaeological discoveries show that the town was inhabited in the neolithic . the first written acknowledgement dates back to 1284 as " dyud " .
in the end , lacking an acknowledgement of an aspect of " reality " that goes beyond mere " possibilities of sensation " , such a position leads to a version of subjective idealism .
the electoral process is based on mutual acknowledgement by the concerned house team members .
on his view , wilber has integrated these four areas of knowledge through an acknowledgement of the four fundamental dimensions of existence .
moreover , with the aims of creating a higher academic reputation and becoming a world - class university , supports , acknowledgement , as well as donations and gifts are all important foundations for tamkang 's future developments .
he was promoted to brigadier general in acknowledgement of his efforts while commanding troops near augusta , arkansas .
acknowledgement by the driver within the first 7-seconds immediately silences the tone .
if it was , the receiver sends back an ack ( " acknowledgement " ) message , signaling the sender to send the next packet .
it is traditional in some circles to tap a coin to your teeth and to your eyes ( tapping the coin to the teeth symbolises that despite prayer for wealth , there is acknowledgement that material wealth is passing ; and tapping coin to the eyes symbolizes a request for intellectual stimulus ) .
malaysian police are trying to seek help from interpol to apprehend blogger raja petra , according to inspector - general of police tan sri musa hassan in the first official acknowledgement that rpk has left the country .
the writers often jokingly referred to a possible lawsuit against them , and wrote as an acknowledgement " the sceptical driver is copyright delta 4 , who are really nice and hardly ever sue " .
for the orchestra ’s third season , hill invited both spohr and felix mendelssohn to conduct , however neither could accept , sending letters of acknowledgement instead .
acknowledgement .
also in 1994 he received his first major acknowledgement , together with giorgia : the european award as best young italian pop artist .
however , during napoleon 's hundred days the seventh coalition suspended the signing of the act of acknowledgement and guarantee of the perpetual neutrality of switzerland until after napoleon bonaparte was defeated — this allowed coalition forces to pass through swiss territory .
apart from the statutory copyright acknowledgement in small print , the name " marvel " was never mentioned — wherever it appeared in the originals it was changed to " power " .
in 1968 he was awarded a life annuity of £ 100 by the dublin arts council as an acknowledgement of his distinction in letters and of the honour which his literary work had reflected on ireland .
this decoration was presented in acknowledgement of his contributions to u.s .- japanese relations .
the charter was the more progressive of the two constitutions , its major reforms being the acknowledgement of a role for the state in socioeconomic development , the legalization of a worker self - managed ( autogestional ) sector in the economy , a unicameral legislature , no presidential reelection , and , for the first time in ecuador , electoral suffrage for illiterates .
it has received funding from the national science foundation and acknowledgement in newspaper editorial pages .
( the call sign ckon is however not listed as an available call sign as of this writing , despite the absence of any other station using that call sign , which may reflect an unofficial acknowledgement of the station by the canadian government . )
this acknowledgement would have made necessary the prosecution of surviving perpetrators , which is what the polish government had requested .
nicholas issued a decree giving the boy the surname " brasov " , taken from michael 's estate at brasovo , which was a tacit acknowledgement that michael was the father .
with the delayed acknowledgement of the accident , both the british and french ministries of defence have been accused of attempting a cover - up of the collision .
indeed , before andreotti ’s 1990 acknowledgement of gladio ’s existence , he had " unequivocally " denied it in 1974 , and then in 1978 to judges investigating the 1969 piazza fontana bombing .
however , war would not be formally declared by either side until chile , which had received an official acknowledgement of the secret defensive alliance by the peruvian government , declared war on april 5 of 1879 ; peru responded the following day by declaring the casus foederis , or activation , of the alliance treaty .
it is mere acknowledgement of the limitations he faces in his attempt to accomplish this task in conjunction with his brethren across the continent .
mozart 's haydn quartets are his explicit acknowledgement of that debt .
in 1990 ruth farwell and christopher knee examined the record on acknowledgement of clifford 's foresight .
after her first public appearance at court after her acknowledgement in 1735 the queen protested by claiming to be indisposed and refused to leave her rooms , and after this , hedvig never appeared at court again .
the acknowledgement includes a cause and can be a rejection of the contained records .
the train sends back an acknowledgement telegram .
normally this is less efficient than msdu aggregation , but it may be more efficient in environments with high error rates , because of a mechanism called " block acknowledgement " .
the church of scientology is also denied acknowledgement as a religious group .
type 5 : the ospf link state acknowledgement packet
representatives from human life international later presented archbishop sobrinho with the cardinal von galen award in acknowledgement of his defense of church teaching and human life .
the album is a four - part suite , broken up into tracks : " acknowledgement " ( which contains the mantra that gave the suite its name ) , " resolution " , " pursuance " , and " psalm . "
the command uses broad support and popularity in area , acknowledgement to that is invariably high attendance of its matches .
the " mail on sunday " ( which was not present at the seminar ) claimed that a senior executive at the seminar admitted " there was widespread acknowledgement that we may have gone too far in the direction of political correctness .
“ wonderful external acknowledgement of several university attributes , including the quality of its research , research training , teaching and employability .
now with his full acknowledgement , she intensified her humanitarian activity , saving a great number of jews from imprisonment and death .
michael palmer british art historian has written about him , that schmalzigaug has not received great acknowledgement in his life neither in belgium , nor internationally , but in spite of this he belonged to the most original and most talented modern belgian artists of his time .
overall , fernald and keller ’s acknowledgement that students “ learned to read quite easily by ordinary methods when they were given individual instruction and proper motivation ” remains evident in such popular programs as reading recovery by marie clay .
the performance is remembered primarily for the tumultuous and sustained cheering and applause given by the audience when the pair walked on stage , in acknowledgement of the prevailing situation in bosnia , which had the unintended effect of causing dejan to stumble on the opening lines of the song as he was unable to hear the music properly .
he gives the boy the surname adverse in acknowledgement of the difficult life he has led .
this was the first government acknowledgement of the existence of the service .
an interesting consequence of the 1927 act was that edward viii 's abdication in 1936 required separate legal acknowledgement in each commonwealth nation .
once you have been registered as a participant in the award , you will receive an acknowledgement from the chief scout accepting your challenges and stating your chief scout 's award registration number ; you will have one year from that date to complete your challenges and submit your completed logbook .
philosopher frederick copleston argued in 1950 that dante 's respectful treatment of averroes , avicenna , and siger of brabant indicates his acknowledgement of a " considerable debt " to islamic philosophy .
vector 24 started the real interrupts : spurious interrupt ( no hardware acknowledgement ) , and level 1 through level 7 autovectors , then the 15 trap vectors , then some more reserved vectors , then the user defined vectors .
the elder , josé apolinário , later changed his own name to josé maurício nunes garcia jr , after his father 's acknowledgement , in 1828 .
in fencing , " touché " ( ) , the french word for " touch " , is used as an acknowledgement of a hit , called out by the fencer who is hit .
when the ground station is closed this is done without an acknowledgement .
however , such a solution was entirely within the spirit of the game , as the game 's clues and ultimate solution sometimes broke the fourth wall with an acknowledgement that the player was playing a computer game .
in august 2008 italian prime minister silvio berlusconi signed an agreement to pay libya $ 5 billion over 25 years – this was a " complete and moral acknowledgement of the damage inflicted on libya by italy during the colonial era " , the italian prime minister said .
the prize giving also took place at this event , with principal cornet adrian callister receiving the merit shield in acknowledgement of his hard work having been literally in at the deep end following the changes in 1994 .
in this new name , which for the first time included the word " picenum " , some have seen an acknowledgement ( albeit belated ) by rome of the italic people known as the piceni , which had lived in the area between the 10th and 4th century bc .
in an " atei informa " newsbrief dated october 12 , 2006 , the " asociación de televisión educativa iberoamericana " ( association of ibero - american educational television ) reported that " ujat was among the 16 best universities in the country when it received an acknowledgement to that effect granted by the secretary for public education .
unlike many other european mapmakers of the time who outright appropriated murillo 's map , bellin had the intellectual integrity to fully credit murillo as his source , an open acknowledgement shown in the title cartouche of bellin 's map which came out the same year as the original work by murillo .
the ceremony is held in the temple of acknowledgement which has been temporarily used as the temple of great mother .
the report he submitted , " report on the indian title " , is historically significant because it is an early acknowledgement produced through official white channels that bc natives were unfairly - and illegally - dispossessed from the lands they occupied since time immemorial .
there has been some controversy surrounding " the weaponless warriors " , published in 1974 , as the bulk of the work appears taken , without acknowledgement , directly from eizo shimabukuro 's 1963 work " old grandmaster stories " , which was translated into english for the first time in 2003 .
the demonstration ended with a press statement , which called for the acknowledgement of lebians , gays , bisexuals , transvestites and transsexuals ( lgbtt ) .
buddhism arrived in china around the i century ad , but it was not until the sui and tang dynasties that it gained considerable influence and acknowledgement .
the vanderbilts were subsequently invited to mrs. astor 's annual ball , a formal acknowledgement of their full acceptance into the upper echelon of new york society .
after successful reception , node b replies with an acknowledgement frame ( ack ) .
texas education agency gold performance acknowledgement criteria .
bunreacht na héireann , the constitution of the irish state , was amended in 1999 to remove a claim of the " irish nation " to sovereignty over the whole of ireland ( in article 2 ) , a claim qualified by an acknowledgement that ireland could only exercise legal control over the territory formerly known as the irish free state .
the group is frequently posited as the immediate forebear of the alternative rock boom of the 1990s , though they disbanded before reaping any of the benefits this might have brought them . avowed fan kurt cobain 's acknowledgement of the debt nirvana owed to the pixies , along with similar tributes by other alternative bands , ensured that the pixies ' legacy and influence grew substantially in the years following their demise .
no signal is given for balls that are obviously foul and for closer calls that are n't borderline ; a mere acknowledgement signal is given .
the club also changed its name in 1964 to prestwich heys afc , an acknowledgement of the fame achieved by the club as they proved one of the nation ’s top amateur clubs .
by age , the acknowledgement of the attraction may occur from pre - puberty onwards , with today 's dpws discovering the subculture in their teens .
an acknowledgement to the site : the last greek city in civilization iii and civilization iv is " apolyton "
mystical traditions , in their acknowledgement of a universal and ongoing force of divine guidance and revelation , provide the transformative foundations for a positive global civilization characterized by interreligious reconciliation .
he later struggled to gain recognition and acknowledgement of certain saboteurs ' injuries as war injuries eligible for welfare benefits .
the opening credits include the following acknowledgement : " we are grateful for the help and facilities given at wexham park hospital by the staff of the hospital , humphreys ltd. and the windsor group hospital management committee " .
his later role , as gipsy in the same - titled 1979 ' movie , along with klara luchko , brings overhelming popularity and acknowledgement to both of them .
in 1993 he participated in the sanremo music festival with the song " non so più a chi credere " ; in the same year he toured around all of italy and gained public acknowledgement .
therefore , by presenting growths and improvements , tamkang hopes to receive further support and acknowledgement from alumni .
many of these are legal documents including deeds of land sale , marriage contracts , a debt acknowledgement and a writ of divorce .
a voice can be heard shouting " thank you mr forbes " as an acknowledgement to bryan forbes who put up a security for the film to be completed .
in the united states the hierarchy of educational structure and acknowledgement start at the us department of education or the council for higher education accreditation ( chea ) .
only the italian is official and used in administration , although it is widely expected that the friulian ones will receive partial acknowledgement in the near future .
a - mpdu aggregation requires the use of block acknowledgement or blockack , which was introduced in 802.11e and has been optimized in 802.11n .
in january of 2009 he became the recipient of the pravasi bharatiya samman award conferred on him by the president of india , her excellency pratibha patil , in acknowledgement of his exceptional and meritorious contribution in the field of community service .
there has also been an acknowledgement that general public interest arguments also should influence an agency decision to disclose .
the ak is included in the flag of mozambique and its coat of arms , an acknowledgement that the country 's leaders gained power in large part through the effective use of their ak-47s .
but that 's a remarkable acknowledgement by a member of congress that : geez , is what we 're doing here is constitutional ?
to verify that the range calculation was accurate , the same procedure is repeated by station b sending a test packet to station a and station a sending an acknowledgement to station b. at the end of this procedure , two range values are determined and an average of the two can be used to achieve a fairly accurate distance measurement between these two stations .
ancient artistic traditions have been manifested in native craft for generation ; an important acknowledgement for understanding the inherent aesthetic allure of this area to the euro - american artists .
in 2009 , he was conferred with the member of the order of the federal republic of nigeria honour ( mfr ) as acknowledgement of his immense contribution to the growth and development of nigeria .
these " masters " will not stop flashing until they have been acknowledged , usually by pressing the light itself and in some cases the audible alert will also continue until this acknowledgement .
the minimal , classically - inspired ornament on the church 's exterior suggests an acknowledgement of the emerging tastes of the time , as the federal style was taking shape .
most biologists accepted this acknowledgement of error .
a ghostwriter providing this type of service may be thanked , without reference to the service provided , in the album credits , or they may be a true ' ghost ' , with no acknowledgement in the album .
notwithstanding widespread acknowledgement of the validity of davies ' complaint , not until 1958 - 59 was a committee of 16 of the leading members of the canadian theatrical community formed through the canadian theatre centre / centre du théâtre canadien ( ctc ) .
on 24 march 2009 , natalija todorovska was awarded the medal for service to the country by the then - president of the republic of macedonia branko crvenkovski in acknowledgement of her sport achievements and her contribution to developing and popularizing sport in macedonia as well as promoting the country abroad .
he was given the pseudonym of prataprao ( the brave ) by shivaji in acknowledgement of his bravery in the war against mirza raja jai singh .
laplace 's own investigations embodied in it are so numerous and valuable that it is regrettable to have to add that many results are appropriated from other writers with scanty or no acknowledgement , and the conclusions – which have been described as the organized result of a century of patient toil – are frequently mentioned as if they were due to laplace .
his music , greatly influenced by jeff buckley , earns him the acknowledgement of french and canadian audiences .
there is acknowledgement in the castle of the tangential association with vlad tepes ( vlad the impaler ) upon whom the the fictional character , dracula is loosely based .
the controller heard a muffled reply and assumed it was an acknowledgement from 65735 but the muffled transmission was actually from another aircraft and 65735 and 65816 collided in cloud .
the " nme " later reported that the dispute centred on songwriting credits for " final straw " , with mcclelland feeling his contribution had not been given sufficient acknowledgement .
he largely achieves an overall balance , between a celebration of human achievement and a blunt acknowledgement of human savagery .
while other conventions may select guests on the basis of popularity , worldcons select guests of honor as an acknowledgement of significant lifetime contribution to the field ; while these are often well - known figures , some committees choose lesser - known figures precisely because the committee feels the guest 's accomplishments deserve more recognition from the community .
a somber showing of acknowledgement between the two teams happened in 2002 when cubs catcher joe girardi addressed the fans at wrigley field in a choked up way that the game between the two teams had been cancelled and that the fans should pray for the st. louis cardinals family .
this constituted acknowledgement of the real cédula of 1802 , which ecuador had previously rejected .
on 3 october 1835 schumann met mendelssohn at wieck 's house in leipzig , and his enthusiastic appreciation of that artist was shown with the same generous freedom that distinguished his acknowledgement of chopin 's greatness and most of his other colleagues , and which later prompted him to publically pronounce the then - unknown johannes brahms a genius .
these two quotations are the ones chosen by kathryn mills for the better acknowledgement of the nuanced thinking of c.w.mills .
although demanding no territory , the chinese insisted upon soviet acknowledgement of that historic russian injustice against china committed with the treaty of aigun ( 1858 ) and the convention of peking ( 1860 ) ; the soviets ignored the matter .
this acknowledgement was afterwards turned against him , for he himself became a purchaser of alienated chapter lands .
in october 2004 the company acquired " prebon yamane " , a broking business formed in 1990 following the merger of three leading london - based money broking businesses - babcock & brown , kirkland - whittaker and fulton prebon - and which had adopted that name in acknowledgement of the firm 's close business alliance with the tokyo - based yamane group .
on august 19 a group of national artists and supporters , led by national artists for literature bienvenido lumbera and virgilio almario , asked filed a 38-page petition at the supreme court " for prohibition , certiorari and injunction with prayer for restraining order to prevent the palace from conferring the title to respondents , " to stop " the release of the monetary benefits , entitlements and emoluments … to private respondents arising from such conferment , " and the " holding of the acknowledgement ceremonies for their recognition . " the petition asserted that : " for the president to cavalierly disregard the collective judgment of the ccp and ncca boards , and substitute her own judgment without a clear indication of the reasons and bases , therefore , is an unacceptable and manifestly grave abuse of discretion . "
in the lutheran church , chrismation is usually conferred immediately after baptism , while " confirmation " has come to describe a rite of a mature acknowledgement of the faith , graced by the laying - on of the presbyter 's hands .
acknowledgement .
extended applause at the conclusion of an event , usually but not always resulting in a standing ovation , implies approval above and beyond ordinary measure , and compels the performer to return in acknowledgement and at times proceed to an encore .
also on 9 december , flp senator and former attorney - general anand singh announced his decision to sue the indian government and the head of the indian technical mission , j.j. bhagat , for compensation for providing the ideas , which he says were adopted without acknowledgement by the fijian and indian governments .
lingasamudram is also well known among near by district people believe that snake bite is no danger when one visits the samadhi of tirumalasetty kotaiah and in acknowledgement maha shivaratri festival celebrated in a very big way .
in the aftermath , dex decides to actually read the novel he promised lang he would read as some acknowledgement to the young man 's ambition .
anationalism was defined as follows in that manifesto : " what characterizes anationalism is not primarily its acknowledgement of the huge role played by production of artifacts in the world .
shrines , sacred places , religious objects , art and symbols , myths and legends , music and dance , beliefs and customs , proverbs , riddles are a plethora of vehicles used in the acknowledgement of the existence of the supreme being .
there is no distinction made between the ancient reading , and the innovations of the editor ; there is no reason given for any of the alterations which are made ; the emendations of former editions are adopted without any acknowledgement , and few of the difficulties are removed which have hitherto embarrassed the readers of shakespeare .
in acknowledgement of indigenous land rights including aboriginal title , the national native title tribunal and waitangi tribunal in the respective nations take similar jurisdiction and powers .
sightings and acknowledgement of existence .
this includes acknowledgement of bahá'u'llah – the founder of the faith – as the messenger of god for this age , awareness and acceptance of his teachings , and intention to be obedient to the institutions and laws he established .
in acknowledgement of their popularity , they were awarded the national prize of east germany for artistic achievement in 1982 .
the act had considerable political importance as a formal acknowledgement of the separate character of wales , setting a precedent for future legislation and decisions .
this very important acknowledgement was to be her stepping stone into the international market .
that 's why , as i said during the election campaign , the chinese canadian community deserves an apology for the head tax and appropriate acknowledgement and redress . "
during a taualuga , there will always be people walking up and throwing money onto the dancer , signifying their acknowledgement of the person being worthy to wear the traditional royal outfits .
reaction to milton ’s poetic worldview included , grudgingly , acknowledgement that of poet ’s resemblance to classical writers ( greek and roman poetry being unrhymed .
there were further difficulties ; an unmarried mother had to obtain an acknowledgement of paternity from the father or a declaration of paternity from the court in order to be entitled to seek maintenance .
special industry announcements and premiers are now taking place at anime conventions outside of japan , reflecting an acknowledgement of fandom from other locales .
lyall was sacked in june 1989.he was awarded an ex gratia payment of £ 100,000 but left the club in what lyall described as ' upsetting ' circumstances , meriting only 73 words in a terse acknowledgement of his service in the club programme , lyall left west ham after 34 years service .
this is the soonest that it is possible to receive an acknowledgement of a message .
this suggests widespead analytical failure on the part of legal scholarship and requires an acknowledgement of the weakness of assumptions that have been constructed on unreliable research evidence " .
acknowledgement of his participation in atrocities , but in respect of the numbers he had given it noted : “
the report was criticised by 27 leading academics involved in sex work research , claiming that the report was carried out without formal academic ethical approval , without acknowledgement of existing sources , and co - authored by a journalist with anti - prostitution views .
the five years spent at the conservatory were the years when semen initiated his professional career with acknowledgement of his talent .
he and hansen circled the track together and hansen raised michard 's arm in acknowledgement of victory .
the book was sold to fair attendees and given without cost to the fair workers , as an acknowledgement of contribution to the abolitionist cause and token of the occasion .
it gave us all a pang not to have him rest quietly by eras – ; but william felt strongly , and on reflection i did also , that his gracious & grateful nature would have wished to accept the acknowledgement of what he had done " .
generally , this will involve no acknowledgement of the previous position .
dr imbues ifor with an appreciation of the weight of the town ’s proletarian tradition and the importance of the chapel , and the acknowledgement of the emotional legacy left by previous generations who have sat in those very chapel pews .
those include the acknowledgement that illegal prostitution is occurring and that brothels could provide safer , regulated and revenue - generating sex , he said .
as social strength , sarekat islam obtained acknowledgement with entrance of tjokroaminoto and abdoel moeis as the newly - opened " volksraads member ( 1918 ) .
since the blind man obviously can not see this acknowledgement , clamence asks , " to whom was it addressed ?
in this version , her jailhouse confession was simply an acknowledgement of guilt and of her sinful nature .
official’ recognition or acknowledgement of the hindu community in singapore is the fact that two hindu temples have been gazetted as national monuments of singapore .
during the 2000s , romania implemented a number of reforms to prepare for eu accession , including the consolidation of its democratic systems , the institution of the rule of law , the acknowledgement of respect for human rights , the commitment to personal freedom of expression , and the implementation of a functioning free - market economy .
after the end of the world war ii their family saw the lack of acknowledgement of the porajmos in austria , the population ’s ignorance concerning this suffering and the continuation of some anti - romani policies .
one of bruce 's proudest moments was a few years ago when he was awarded the prestigious silver heart by the variety club of great britain in acknowledgement of his relentless charity work .
the " lionel - murphy snr " was a nitrogen - abundant supernova remnant ( snr ) n86 in the large magellanic cloud named by astronomers at the australian national university 's mount stromlo observatory in acknowledgement of murphy 's interest in science and because of snr n86 's perceived resemblance to a canberra times cartoonist 's depiction of his large nose ( prior to surgery ) .
due to the nature of his work , yang 's achievements were kept secret and it was not until january 2007 when chengdu j-10 was finally confirmed by the official chinese governmental acknowledgement that his name and contributions begin to appear in a very limited fashion on official chinese governmental websites , such as the military websites of the xinhua news agency .
they recorded it as an acknowledgement of one of their influences , love .
bone to pick ” he mentions that acknowledgement of past wrongs by the victims , the perpetrators , and the global community is definitely a beginning but with the lack of responsibility from the offenders and their attempt to repair the injustice that has occurred , reconciliation is only a vision ; not something that is obtainable .
the emphasis on the miraculous and an acknowledgement of the impact of the spiritual realm on the physical world had a great impact in africa , where , ‘ the traditional culture of african society … draws little distinction between the spiritual and the temporal,’. the growth in the aics in particular and probably the memory of the lumpa uprising caused kaunda to impose , ‘ a ban on the registration of new churches,’ in 1988 to , ‘
over the years many coquilles returned to their traditional homeland and fought for the acknowledgement of the treaty of 1855 .
a copy of the ticket , finished with hogarth 's signature , a wax seal and an acknowledgement of receipt from a " mr mcmillan " is held by the british library .
the acknowledgement can specify a number of " sack blocks " , where each sack block is conveyed by the starting and ending sequence numbers of a contiguous range that the receiver correctly received .
sometimes this general acknowledgement of galloway 's rhetorical capacity is accompanied by criticism that he is evasive ( scotsman , " ducked the question " ) .
“ the naming of the middle school on the old belmont high school campus in honor of sal castro is much more than a token acknowledgement of his long career in education ; it serves as a constant reminder to those staffing the school and to those served by the school , to strive for the model of education to which sal castro has devoted his entire life ” said former student and mentee carlos r. moreno , a current california supreme court judge who spoke before the board in favor of naming the school after his mentor .
once the receiver receives the report - acknowledgement it cancels its timer and the transmission of the red data is completed .
the local press generally reported on the team patronisingly , particularly in the early 1879 tour matches , but with acknowledgement and a degree of admiration for their skills .
when the client and server are on different subnets , ip discovery and ip request messages are sent via udp broadcasts , but ip lease offer and ip lease acknowledgement messages are sent via unicast .
in the agreement , texas a&m licensed the seahawks to continue using the phrase " 12th man " in exchange for a licensing fee and public acknowledgement by the nfl franchise as to texas a&m 's ownership of the phrase .
it is thus clear that , despite his acknowledgement of the world ’s great evil , grossman believes humanity to be fundamentally good .
later , he attempted to reconcile his transcendental standpoint with an acknowledgement of the intersubjective life - world in which real individual subjects interact .
in his acknowledgement , trungpa offers pallis his “ grateful thanks ” for the “ great help ” that pallis gave in bringing the book to completion .
as the roman church was considered part of the roman empire in constantinople , this also would gain æthelberht acknowledgement from the emperor .
” there was a courteous acknowledgement from the chinese foreign office with an assurance that the information had been referred to the appropriate department .
the shelter was first used by the yuchi tribe who used the site and the patterns drawn in the rock as part of a trance - inducing process , and for ceremonial acknowledgement of solar cycles .
thus , at the fibre channel physical ( fc-2 and below ) level , the communication is connectionless , frames and sequences may arrive out of order , and there is no acknowledgement of arrival .
when the persist timer expires , the tcp sender sends a small packet so that the receiver sends an acknowledgement with the new window size .
webster 's first dictionary ( 1825 ed ) says allodium is " land which is absolute property of the owner , real estate held in absolute independence , without being subject to any rent , service , or acknowledgement to a superior .
antony dismisses her request for public acknowledgement of caesar 's son caesarion with derision .
the yellow light flashes when the train passes a signal showing restrictive aspects to request acknowledgement from the driver , and then remains lit until the train has not met unrestricted signal ( but it may be turned off by pressingon this indicator ) .
when he recovers , he begins to accept bribes in a reluctant acknowledgement that it is the way of his world .
a reply to his comments about " the magnet " and " gem " was later published from charles hamilton , using the " magnet " pen - name of frank richards , which included his first public acknowledgement of himself as author of both papers and defended the wholesome nature of the stories as being appropriate for his audience .
a key moment in his confirmation hearings was senator robert menendez ( d - nj ) 's questioning of his position on the armenian genocide : in previous publications , gordon had written that acknowledgement of the armenian genocide would cause undue disruption in u.s .- turkish relations .
this would seem to indicate some acknowledgement of crow intelligence , which may have been apparent even in ancient times , and to some might imply that the higher intelligence of crows , when compared to other birds , is striking enough that it was known even then .
it is also mentioned in the school textbooks as sung by a great romanian folk singer , maria tănase who lived between 1913 - 1963 and made a great contribution to the acknowledgement of the romanian folklore abroad .
when a client sends back a tcp ack packet to the server in response to the server 's syn+ack packet , the client must ( according to the tcp spec ) use " n+1 " in the packet 's " acknowledgement number " , where " n " is the initial sequence number sent by the server .
" this objective , a deviation from orthodox marxism - leninism borrowed ( without acknowledgement ) from mao zedong , made a virtue of necessity : there was no chance of laos having a " stage of capitalist development " while 90 percent of its population were subsistence farmers , and no chance of an orthodox marxist path to socialism via a working class revolution in a country which had no industrial working class .
it will be the final act of my paradise lost project and acknowledgement of my own resurrection .
implementations tend to use udp , due to tcp 's requirement for acknowledgement packets and resulting retransmission during packet loss , which introduces delays .
bambir-1 is an armenian folk - rock band , formed in 1978 in gyumri , who have gained acknowledgement in armenia and abroad .
the political response in most states of australia , is that there are now wilderness inventories , and acknowledgement of areas of wilderness .
fair dealing for the purposes of criticism or review only applies with a sufficient acknowledgement , and provided the work being criticised or reviewed has been made available to the public .
although she travelled widely , in the 1960s and early 1970s , appearing at folk clubs and venues in england and ireland , she never aspired to commercial success or to achieve widespread public acknowledgement of her music .
his result would be the " augurium " , i.e. the determination , acknowledgement of the presence of the " * auges " , the favour of the god(s ) , the intention and the final result of the whole operation .
abtahi claims that he was under a lot of pressure to take back the acknowledgement , but he resisted it .
world 's high class wheat and rice are the main crops of area , and not only these two commodities are the main source of income in the area but also are too much supportive in acknowledgement of city phalia all over the world , because most of the production of rice is exported to europe , middle east , afghanistan , u.a.e and saudi arabia .
the book ends as it began , with the acknowledgement that the story was made up .
cultural awareness and acknowledgement are cornerstones for an effective trans - cultural society " karin berntsen .
” the public ’s acknowledgement of nathan of gaza as a mystic and as a seer in particular allowed there to be later on an immediate acceptance of shabbetai zevi as the next messiah .
these books also includes an acknowledgement and dedication of pak .
the first 108 locomotives originally had mounted a vigilance pedal designed by fs engineer minucciani , that required a periodic acknowledgement from the driver when the train was moving ( or emergency braking would have been commanded ) , but after the war , due to labor union pressures , it was discontinued ; however , starting from the 1970s , many ( not all ) units received " ripetizione segnali a 4 codici " system , hasler speedometer and a modified " speed graph recorder " ( " zona tachigrafica " ) , that also recorded the codes received from the rs .
" vehicle location acknowledgement " filed indicating that it has andvanced
