he has served as associate editor of ieee transactions on acoustics , speech , and signal processing and as vice - president and president of the ieee signal processing society .
revelli later said the " michigan band sound " was in part due to the perfect acoustics of harris hall and hill auditorium .
he received his doctorate in composition from stanford university , where he also worked at the center for computer research in music and acoustics ( ccrma ) .
martin 's electric guitars were not popular and the company has since continued to concentrate on the manufacture of a wide range of high quality acoustics .
the auditorium , located in the same wing , was equipped with excellent lighting and acoustics system .
it has supurb acoustics , is often used for new art projects and cultural events , and is said to be a " particularly impressive " example of modern architecture .
on behalf of the air ministry and war office he returned to cambridge to undertake research into acoustics , with special reference to psychological problems .
the brangwyn hall is praised for its acoustics for recitals , orchestral pieces and chamber music alike .
as a proponent of a new stringed - instrument trend in improved acoustics , he decided to create his own instruments , " harmonic lyres " and guitars that delivered deeply harmonious natural sounds due to the specific choice of savarez strings and isolation materials which do not produce interferences ( this is due to the carbon fiber and the " altuglas ® " p.m.m.a. ( cast ) - manufactured by'altuglas international ' ) .
castle ( formerly known as castle acoustics ) is a british manufacturer of hi - fi loudspeakers .
with its magnificent acoustics and exceptional architecture , it was quite a memorable performance ...
in the meanwhile , a dynamic growth in the sector of electronic acoustics , which has taken place in recent years , has made xiaolan the first “
in his spare time , herman was known to ponder the physics of musical instruments , such as the mechanics of a cello bow and the acoustics of the english flute .
he made significant contributions to room acoustics , regulated
in addition to the academic programs mentioned above , scholarly work on acoustics is presented at the meetings of professional societies and in academic journals .
genpo is used on professional digital audio workstations such as the marschall acoustics instruments mkii and mkiii workstations which were used for the peter carroll - held album recently released by move records .
sound and surface noise inherent in 19,000 square feet of terrazzo flooring required unusual attention to achieve good acoustics in the large open , room .
the auditorium has a sound - reflecting system of 30 plastic dishes to enhance the acoustics of the room .
acoustics , acústica & sônica .
electro - voice , shure , nady systems , inc , audio ltd , sennheiser , lectrosonics , mipro , samson technologies , akg acoustics audio - technica and zaxcom are all major manufacturers of wireless microphone systems .
the shot from the grassy knoll is not only supported by the acoustics , which is a tape that we found of a police motorcycle broadcast back to the district station .
rudolf gaudio ’s social perception experiment was conducted for the analysis of the acoustics of male speech and listeners’ perception of it .
in acoustics , the fluid medium is assumed to be newtonian .
after the creation of the " puccini festival foundation " in 1990 , achieved in order to put the event on a more established financial footing , plans were put in place to create a new open - air theater with up - to - date facilities and acoustics .
because of its live acoustics and relatively small size it is particularly suited to chamber music .
after receiving his ph.d. degree at mit in 1968 , he joined the acoustics research department at bell laboratories , where he did research on digital signal processing and digital speech coding .
a nephew of george conrad westervelt , he is known for his work in nonlinear acoustics .
based on the leed for new construction rating system , it addresses issues such as classroom acoustics , master planning , mold prevention and environmental site assessment .
sensors are small electromechanical instruments for the measurement of acceleration , dynamic pressure , force , acoustics , torque , load , strain , shock , vibration and sound .
the church building is an example of high victorian gothic revival architecture featuring a barrel vaulted ceiling , curved pews , and excellent acoustics .
the space designer plugin simulates the acoustics of audio played in different environments , such as rooms of varying size , or producing the echoes that might be heard on high mountains .
in addition , towards the end of his life he made some substantial discoveries in acoustics , particularly involving the physics of vibrating strings and columns of air .
transduction in acoustics .
cnmat is part of a consortium with stanford 's center for computer research and acoustics ( ccrma ) and the institut de recherche et coordination acoustique / musique ( ircam ) in paris .
in these cases , there are no " quick fix " single product solutions ; the structural design must be reviewed by a competent acoustician , or an architect or engineer familiar with architectural acoustics .
in the late 1960s , his work on flute acoustics , in collaboration with other british flutists and the british flute maker albert cooper , helped vastly to improve the intonation of the modern flute .
he is best known for his work on articulatory synthesis ( computational modeling of the physiology and acoustics of speech production ) , speech perception , sinewave synthesis , signal processing , perceptual organization , and theoretical approaches and modeling of complex temporal events , and continues active research collaborations with colleagues at haskins , yale , and other institutions .
like sandby 's grand hall , the grand temple is also used for concerts and musical events - having excellent acoustics and clear sight - lines .
the proportions of the " salle du manège " , ten times as long as it was wide , offered poor acoustics for the debates that went on continually under its high vaults .
experimental ultrasonic nonlinear acoustics .
the school of media arts is composed of eight departments : audio arts & acoustics ; film & video ; interactive arts & media ; interdisciplinary arts ; journalism ; marketing communication ; radio ; and television .
united center 's acoustics were designed to amplify the noise level in order to recreate " the roar " – the din of noise that made chicago stadium famous , especially during hockey games .
sambora also used gibson and guild acoustics , particularly a guild f-50 12-string , which he used on the song " wanted dead or alive " .
when she was n't performing , she was practicing - spending countless hours singing into the family 's clothes dryer . " great acoustics , " she insists .
the instruments are placed on a platform to one side , which allows the sound to reverberate in the roof space and enhances the acoustics .
the technical sound designer ensures that the performance can be heard and understood by everyone in the audience , regardless of the shape , size or acoustics of the venue , and that performers can hear everything needed to enable them to do their jobs .
a 300-seat , 56 ' giant - screen theater with multiple capabilities , state - of - the - art acoustics and technology , and a newly - installed dolby 3d system .
in 1944 , hilliard returned to entertainment acoustics with altec lansing .
since 1993 he has created a continuing series of installation works based on real time exploration of acoustics . '
the composer also devotes herself passionately to providing sound for church interiors with concert projects specially designed to take account of the particular acoustics .
salonen later took the orchestra on many other tours of the united states , europe , and asia , and residencies at the lucerne festival in switzerland , the proms in london , in cologne for a festival of salonen 's own works , and perhaps most notably , in 1996 at the théâtre du châtelet in paris for a stravinsky festival conducted by salonen and pierre boulez ; it was during this paris residency that key philharmonic board members heard the orchestra perform in improved acoustics and were re - invigorated to lead fundraising efforts to complete construction of walt disney concert hall .
annual school speech day concerts ( held in the fine acoustics of philharmonic hall , liverpool ) , choirs , the organ , piano , music classes and the singing of daily devotional hymns have echoed around its walls for 170 years and continue to do so at lipa .
built to resemble a ship on the banks of the bassac river , the venue was known for its wide stage and excellent acoustics for cambodian drama and musicals ..
in 1997 he attended salford university , on the electro acoustics beng undergraduate course .
the band wanted to be as faithful to the original as possible , even to the extent of recording the guitars in the stairwell of abbey road studios in order to recreate the acoustics .
the theatre was enlarged in time for the 1930 and 1934 seasons and whilst it was considered ugly and uncomfortable it was praised for its superb acoustics and sight of the stage .
among them are the investigations of euler on vibrating chords ; sophie germain on elastic membranes ; poisson , lamé , saint - venant , and clebsch on the elasticity of three - dimensional bodies ; fourier on heat diffusion ; fresnel on light ; maxwell , helmholtz , and hertz on electricity ; hansen , hill , and gyldén on astronomy ; maxwell on spherical harmonics ; lord rayleigh on acoustics ; and the contributions of dirichlet , weber , kirchhoff , f. neumann , lord kelvin , clausius , bjerknes , maccullagh , and fuhrmann to physics in general .
solutions to this equation are generally used to model non - linear acoustics .
in 1911 the functions of the committee on ventilation and acoustics were transferred to the committee on accounts , and in 1927 the functions of the committee on mileage were similarly transferred .
acoustics .
he focused his research on acoustics , leading him to invent a stereo loudspeaker that would reproduce , in a domestic setting , the dominantly reflected sound field that characterizes the listening space of the audience in a concert hall .
the purpose of the program was to combine the study of composition , acoustics , computer - science and music cognition .
in late 2006 , the license to build rickenbacker acoustics was granted to paul wilczynski , a luthier with a workshop in san francisco , california .
ocean acoustics .
the town hall formed auckland 's first permanent seat of both administration and entertainment in the young city 's early history , with its great hall ( seating 1,673 people ) modelled on the gewandhaus in leipzig , and being considered as having one of the finest acoustics in the world .
after graduating with a physics and modern acoustics degree from the university of surrey in guildford , hunte became one of the first producers in the uk to start selling sample cds internationally and the resulting freekee jack swing and 96th street were calling cards for his introduction to la - based extreme music , one of the largest publishers in tv and film , including commercials .
public discussion was complicated by technical issues from a variety of disciplines ( physical oceanography , acoustics , marine mammal biology , etc . )
international commission for acoustics ( ica ) and
the unique shape and construction materials of the theatre ( wood and plaster ) combine to give the theatre nearly perfect acoustics .
among his awards are the distinguished service medal , nasa space flight medal , casey baldwin medallion of the canadian aeronautics and space institute , united states presidential letter of commendation , us congressional certificate of merit , united nations association distinguished service award , laureate of the albatross ( oceanography ’s ‘ nobel prize’ ) , order of the decibel ( the highest award in the field of underwater acoustics ) , and australia ’s highest aviation award the oswald watt gold medal .
in acoustics he invented , about 1819 , the improved siren , which he named , using it for ascertaining the number of vibrations corresponding to a sound of any particular pitch , and he also made experiments on the mechanism of voice - production .
the australian centre for the moving image has two cinemas that are equipped to play every film , video and digital video format , with attention to high quality acoustics .
the gym and other classrooms are equipped with sound - absorbing holes in the wall so that the acoustics have been enhanced .
it was now that he began to study acoustics , in order to correct the deficiencies in military musical instruments .
kelly authored a pamphlet titled " the acoustics of the saxophone from a phenomenological perspective " which is offered for sale on his web site .
the spacious classrooms are designed to facilitate effective group discussions and communication and come equipped with multimedia facilities , networked computers , air conditioning and excellent acoustics .
in 1984 he was awarded the rayleigh medal by the uk institute of acoustics .
anticipate combines elements of electro - acoustics , ambient , slow motion techno and found house with traces of filtered influences ranging from jazz , post rock , classical , dub , musique concrète and minimalism .
the culture and congress centre in lucerne ( or kkl for " kultur- und kongresszentrum luzern " ) is a multi - functional building with a concert hall that is esteemed for its high - profile acoustics .
it forms a natural amphitheater which greatly increases the acoustics of the many bands that are hired to perform live music , which has traditional themes .
poromechanics is a branch of physics and specifically continuum mechanics and acoustics that studies the behaviour of fluid - saturated porous media .
it has been proved that the room has an excellent acoustics .
he studied acoustics in dresden , germany .
prior to ac acoustics , dave gormley played drums for fellow glaswegian band thrum .
from 1957 to 1960 , he was a lecturer in acoustics at the department of electrical communication engineering , indian institute of science , bangalore .
this myth was first debunked by the acoustics research centre at the university of salford in 2003 as part of the british association 's festival of science .
in the field of acoustics , a tone is created by the periodic vibrations of air .
it boasted exceptional acoustics and seats for 1800 spectators , making it , after paris , the second - largest opera house in france .
it is the application of acoustics , the science of sound and vibration , in technology .
in radio electronics or acoustics , spectral splatter ( also called " switch noise " ) refers to spurious emissions that result from an abrupt change in the transmitted signal , usually when transmission is started or stopped .
known for its excellent acoustics ( a design imperative for the unamplified orchestras which formerly graced its stage ) , as well as its sprung dance floor , the barrowlands has become a particular favourite of many noted rock / pop acts .
acoustics .
the two had been searching for a site and found it in an area that had been homesteaded by peter britt in the 1850s , and recognized that the site 's natural acoustics made it appropriate for outdoor performances .
fields which make use of trigonometry or trigonometric functions include astronomy ( especially , for locating the apparent positions of celestial objects , in which spherical trigonometry is essential ) and hence navigation ( on the oceans , in aircraft , and in space ) , music theory , acoustics , optics , analysis of financial markets , electronics , probability theory , statistics , biology , medical imaging ( cat scans and ultrasound ) , pharmacy , chemistry , number theory ( and hence cryptology ) , seismology , meteorology , oceanography , many physical sciences , land surveying and geodesy , architecture , phonetics , economics , electrical engineering , mechanical engineering , civil engineering , computer graphics , cartography , crystallography and game development .
the utah symphony has its home in abravanel hall , which is acclaimed as one of the world 's great concert halls - having won awards for both its architecture and its extraordinary acoustics .
its location between two hills that surround it keep it protected from winds that could interfere with acoustics during performances .
all the way through the song there is an overdub with me and johnny sat around a mike with acoustics , playing a riff that he came up with towards the end of the recording of the song .
< the poetries of irma kurti are clearly structured , have a melodic rhythm to create the maximum of an inner acoustics of all the stylistic figures .
poelzig put a great deal of thought into the acoustics of the rooms .
early research in acoustics .
mks rayl = 10 x cgs rayl ( beranek acoustics 1954 )
they are spaces available in the national library of venezuela for the community , equipped with acoustics and technical conditioning which result for the cultural action and diffusion activities .
it was particularly noted for its excellent acoustics .
delenn , promptly , orders the whitestar acoustics to create the sound of rain so that sheridan can relax and sleep prior to their arrival on ganymede .
this concept consists of : only one place - only one time - a certain acoustics - components , which he continues to develop from one " presque rien " to the other .
it is easier to apply these controls with a basic knowledge of acoustics .
shaped as an octagon , with seating in the round , the chapel offers exceptional acoustics for both instrumental and vocal music , in addition to the spoken word .
it is noted for its acoustics , and is handicapped - accessible .
lutheran cellar is famous nowadays for its fine acoustics and as a result , various concerts and other performances take place in it .
track 3 : an evolution of the second track , it mixes acoustics with electronics , producing an almost purely ambient , dark soundscape .
the showrooms are covered with wood panels for better acoustics .
dillon studied art and design , linguistics , piano , acoustics , indian rhythm , mathematics and computer music , but is self - taught in composition .
because of its beauty and atmosphere ( stands are close to the pitch and the acoustics are excellent ) , teddy stadium also hosted israel national football team matches in the past as well as the maccabiah games opening ceremony and other public events .
active acoustics .
by means of subtle mechanical changes the große saal offers perfect conditions for dance and its outstanding acoustics provide the best preconditions for concerts and music theatre .
he finally had a control room with proper acoustics , and a good size vocal booth , both fully equipped to do some serious song writing and recording .
he was an internationally recognized expert on bassoon design and acoustics , repair , pedagogy , and performance .
the precursor is arguably one of the founding fathers of reggaeton : vico - c , whose albums relied heavily on hip - hop acoustics , keyboards and reggae roots .
" acoustics " is an acoustic ep from minus the bear .
for this some call him the " father of acoustics " .
some have applied acoustics , human physiology , and psychology to the explanation of how and why music is perceived .
we wanted to capture real acoustics rather than have everything computer simulated .
the a studio , which was the first studio to be established at sonic ranch , is partially subterranean and features a 40-channel e / g ssl console with vintage neve outboard mic pre / eqs and has four tracking rooms with differing acoustics and dimensions .
he was confronted by his iona brother john who insisted he go into the famous abbey on boxing evening in order to record some songs with his acoustic guitar and his voice in the wonderful natural acoustics .
the " musikverein " is famous for its acoustics and is considered to be one of the three finest concert halls in the world , along with boston 's symphony hall and amsterdam 's concertgebouw .
the amazing acoustics of the mausoleum can be heard a recording by american folk artist jay brannan , who was allowed a private visit during which he was videotaped singing his composition , " death waltz " .
he had been knighted only the year before and worked extensively on acoustics and light .
the festival events take place almost exclusively at le salle francois bernier , a 600-seat concert hall recently constructed in 1996 by le domaine forget and known for its remarkable acoustics .
" the acoustics proved to be excellent .
the high school 's 800-seat theater has been built to broadway standards in terms of sound , lighting and acoustics .
sabine 's career is the story of the birth of the field of modern architectural acoustics .
subjects they cover include the english , german , french , and czech languages , mathematics , organ playing , organ history , physics , mechanics , pipe and action building , acoustics , electrical engineering , technology , quality of materials , technical drawing , economics , and gymnastics .
in acoustics and telecommunication , a harmonic of a wave is a component frequency of the signal that is an integer multiple of the fundamental frequency .
fm acoustics is unique in several ways .
following utzon 's resignation , the acoustic advisor , lothar cremer , confirmed to the sydney opera house executive committee ( sohec ) that utzon 's original acoustic design only allowed for 2000 seats in the main hall and further stated that increasing the number of seats to 3000 as specified in the brief would be disastrous for the acoustics .
the building is particularly known for its unusual design and fine acoustics of the auditorium .
with the assistance of the professor righini , renowned for his knowledge of environmental and musical acoustics and professor giordano , famous for his knowledge of wood , as well as virgilio fazioli and lino tiveron , the planning of the model f183 begins .
he lectured on architectural history and acoustics for columbia university , the university of cincinnati , and the new york city board of education .
the building features the 364-seat steinman hall with crystalline acoustics and a computer - ready judge ’s row , private teaching studios , theory and composition classrooms , chamber music suite , state - of - the - art recording and broadcast capabilities , music library with listening cubicles , and dedicated rooms for rehearsals and informal concerts .
shankland worked on neutrino experiments with argonne national laboratory from 1953–1969 , and had other interests including the history of relativity and architectural acoustics .
the circular domed ceiling has remarkable acoustics studied by experts .
it is currently one of many computer - aided software solutions ( algor , ansys , abaqus and marc to name a few others ) for the analysis of stress , vibration , structural failure , structural durability , heat transfer , noise , acoustics , flutter and aeroelasticity .
because of the arena 's reputation for exceptional acoustics and lively audiences , some musical acts have kicked off their u.s. concert tours at stabler .
royce hall , like carnegie hall and lincoln center , is one of america ’s great concert halls , distinguished , not only for its impeccable beauty but its refined acoustics that are second to none .
despite the food circus acoustics ( we could barely hear the piano ) , the audience was great and stayed with us .
it holds 3,800 spectators and provides the supporters with excellent views of the pitch and excellent acoustics .
published five times a year , " music perception " publishes empirical and theoretical papers on such topics as psychology , psychophysics , linguistics , neurology , neurophysiology , artificial intelligence , computer technology , physical and architectural acoustics , and music theory .
the library is based on the dts coherent acoustics standard ( etsi 102 114 v1.2.1 ) .
the jane mallett theatre is a 497-seat venue , an intimate environment with superior sight lines and exceptional acoustics .
in acoustics , simultaneous masking is masking between two concurrent sounds .
lung acoustics laboratory is a laboratory where multidisciplinary research is done on developing appropriate hardware for gathering lung sounds and on developing an algorithm to analyze these sounds .
beyond the interior acoustics cited above under aircraft noise , there has been a steady trend to design quieter buildings with regard to sources within and without the structure itself .
regardless of great approval of the leeds gig by many fans and critics , the band members believed the recordings at hull sounded better , as the acoustics projected better in the more spacious venue .
over 150 years ago , henry identified the room acoustics phenomena we now call direct sound , early reflections , and reverberation .
previously , scavone directed the center for computer research in music and acoustics at stanford university .
due to the incredible acoustics of the valley , the entire town could step outside and listen to his concerts .
there are some caves to explore around the area which are known for their acoustics .
both provide good acoustics and sightlines .
the carderock division of the naval surface warfare center , located in potomac , maryland , specializes in ship acoustics and stealth technology .
the structure of the church is intended to ensure good acoustics .
track 2 : similar in style to the first movement of the first track , this is very minimalist and free - form , featuring , mostly , treated acoustics and reverberations .
he worked on acoustics , astronomy , fluid mechanics and thermodynamics .
techniques include the use of recent advances in fisheries acoustics .
they carry a selection of first act custom , limited edition , sfa edition , and first act electrics , acoustics , and accessories .
some acoustics texts use the term " greater diesis " for the difference between four 6:5 minor thirds and an octave , which is equal to three syntonic commas minus a schisma , equal to 648:625 or about 62.57 cents ( almost one 63.16-cent division in 19 equal temperament ) .
acoustics and lighting .
it is noted for its classical architecture , intimate setting with fans close to the floor , perpetually sold - out crowds , and deafening acoustics .
due to excellent acoustics the stadiums is a popular choice for concerts and other cultural performances .
he is currently writing a new book about architectural acoustics , scheduled to be published in 2010 .
pcb product groups include shock and vibration ; acoustics ; force ; pressure ; and electronics .
as another indicator , here is the opening paragraph of his 350-page tutorial entitled " sound " ( 1867 ) : " in the following pages i have tried to render the science of acoustics interesting to all intelligent persons , including those who do not possess any special scientific culture .
in acoustics , crest factor is usually expressed in decibels .
as norway ’s foremost authority in acoustics holtsmark was also a consultant for the norwegian broadcasting corporation ( nrk ) throughout the 1930s .
recording sessions took place both in new york and in a house in hólar specifically chosen for its good cello acoustics .
the natural acoustics of the hillside meant that no sound system would be needed .
in audio signal processing and acoustics , an echo ( plural echoes ) is a reflection of sound , arriving at the listener some time after the direct sound .
opened in september of 1998 at a cost of $ 120 million , benaroya quickly became noted for its technology - infused acoustics , touches of luxury , and prominent location in a complex thoroughly integrated into downtown .
he now uses a variety of guitars such as paul reed smith , ernie ball music man and ovation guitars , as well as a cream coloured fender telecaster , and garrison acoustics .
it has the best acoustics , the best audiences , the best reputation , and the best history of great artists who have played there , " said billy joel . “
its excellent acoustics have led to its hosting of an international baroque music festival .
he has published numerous articles about saxophone history , acoustics , and pedagogy .
also , most technical has now officially become sole distributor for void acoustics , pixel addicts , fibre optic systems led range , and pixel range leds .
see also the section on the underwater acoustics page .
the design work for the saint thomas organ included the selection of pipes to achieve the aforementioned american classic tonal design , locating the pipes to fit best with the architecture and acoustics of the building , and laying out the wiring and compressed air systems .
albert beaumont wood obe dsc ( 1890–19 july 1964 ) was a british physicist , known for his pioneering work in the field of underwater acoustics and sonar .
gradually tartini became more interested in the theory of harmony and acoustics , and from 1750 to the end of his life he published various treatises .
their final release on tooth & nail records was " lost songs " , a compilation album of b - sides , demos , acoustics and covers .
since the building was originally designed as a stock exchange rather than a concert hall , in order to ensure more privacy to visitors , the acoustics was rather sound resistant , then sound conducting .
the frequency response of a room is examined with a spectrum analyzer and usually a graphic equalizer , with matching frequency bands , is used to compensate for the room acoustics .
in acoustics volume is related to amplitude , sound pressure , and dynamics .
it is a concert venue famous for its great acoustics .
the casual , public performances are typically held in an archway for reasons of acoustics and shelter from the weather .
the phraselator is a weatherproof handheld language translation device developed by voxtec , a former division of the military contractor marine acoustics , located in annapolis , md .
nlt was set to release their debut album " not like them " during christmas in 2008 with songs including " never shoulda let you go " , " she said i said ( time to let go ) " ( co - written with timbaland ) , " karma " ( written and produced by ryan tedder ) , " that girl " ( produced by the underdogs ) , " go " , " rose " , and " move " ( all three songs produced by troy " treezah " johnson ) , marques houston offers his talents to the piano - paced acoustics of " yesterday , " and kicks things up a notch with the infectious " ca n't live without you " and " sensational " .
the fourier series has many applications in electrical engineering , vibration analysis , acoustics , optics , signal processing , image processing , quantum mechanics , econometrics , etc .
the scientific side is primarily empirical and data - oriented ; it involves disciplines such as empirical psychology and sociology , acoustics , physiology , music therapy , neurosciences , cognitive sciences , and computing and technology .
diaphragm ( acoustics ) .
its replacement , opened two years later , was intended as an indoor bowls centre , but by chance turned out to have superb acoustics , and after the second world war it became the orchestra 's new home .
drawing a parallel to violin - making culture , and lutherie as a broader art , it might be interesting to deriving indications for the possible aims and ideals of " sound aesthetic in guitars " , from other instruments ( e.g. of the " golden age of acoustics " ) ; which would open up the possibility of tonally competing with luthiers from earlier periods ; instead of only imitating and copying them .
" victory parts " is the second album by scottish indie rock band ac acoustics .
following graduation she came to the united states to be a visiting scholar at stanford university 's computer center for research in music and acoustics ( ) working with john chowning to develop tools allowing a musician to use multiple speakers to control the perceived location of sound sources .
modern architects add a sober note : despite excellent acoustics , the bolshoi suffered from poor build quality and poor planning of its public areas .
with its 86 foot ( 26 m ) wide screen , advanced acoustics and 70 mm film capability , the cinerama dome remained a favorite for film premieres and " event " showings .
physical acoustics , fluid dynamics and containerless materials processing .
köhler was an expert in physical acoustics , having studied under physicist max planck ( 1858–1947 ) , but had taken his degree in psychology under carl stumpf ( 1848–1936 ) .
acoustics .
it has been built keeping acoustics in mind .
manufacturers currently offering digital wireless microphone systems include akg - acoustics , audio - technica , lectrosonics , line 6 , mipro , sony , and zaxcom .
a symposium on quantum acoustics is held in poland each year
he led an energetic , busy musical life ; he composed for the theatre and church , organised subscription concerts , and taught music theory , acoustics , aesthetics , composition , and instruments at the gymnasium , which was affiliated to the musikschule in 1806 .
he encouraged " free bowing " from the string section , " free breathing " from the brass section , and continually altered the seating arrangements of the orchestra 's sections , as well as the acoustics of the hall , in response to his urge to create a better sound .
at that time , he had already developed an interest in acoustics , combining his interests for music , design and architecture .
institute of electronic music and acoustics .
the theater is known for its acoustics , unobstructed views , and backstage facilities .
as a guest composer he will show his work to jonathan berger and paul de marinis and write a new section of " the comedy of the real " for ge wang and the stanford lap top orchestra at ccrma ( center for computing , research , music and acoustics ) as well as performing in a public concert and seminar of his music .
( nevertheless , there were a few recording sessions in studio 8-h as late as june 1950 , probably because of improvements to the acoustics in 1939 . )
the female accepts or rejects the male 's courtship also based on pheromones , the acoustics of his courtship song , and her readiness to mate .
the book also gives an introduction to acoustics and acoustic definitions .
the building is currently rented by rensselaer polytechnic institute , and houses its , which moved there in 2000 , and a few acoustics labs associated with the school of architecture . gurley percision instruments still occupies the first floor of the building and the entire building directly across the street .
the theater is marveled for its exceptional acoustics , which permit almost perfect intelligibility of unamplified spoken word from the proscenium or skene to all 15,000 spectators , regardless of their seating ( see ref .
after his marriage to katherine mary smith , right after his graduation in 1933 , they made a honeymoon to europe , where he became acquainted with a number of scientists from berlin , and the honeymoon was extended to ten months while bolt learned german and studied acoustics .
this page offers a partial list of academic institutions that offer significant exposure to the science of acoustics .
in keeping with peck 's democratic ideals , the auditorium was designed so that all seats would have good views and acoustics .
their distinctive sound is a product of the studio acoustics , recording only on analog tape ( no digital ) , and mixing by gabriel roth .
the usual method used was to store data in the form of short leq , a french concept that helped to bring computers into acoustics .
the best article was awarded last year to dr eng akio ando , head of acoustics and audio engineering group of nhk science & technical research laboratories , japan for the article advanced multi - channel sound system for future broadcasting .
in the field of acoustics , a tone is created by the periodic vibrations of air applied to a resonator .
so we sort of tweaked it , together , laid down some harmonies on it , and played everything from congas to acoustics on it . "
the studio " is a 300 capacity performance space that features a state - of - the - art recording studio , an l - acoustics sound system and great sightlines .
he is specialized in ultrasonic nondestructive evaluation of materials , in acoustics and in theoretical and experimental linear and nonlinear ultrasonics , and also acousto - optics .
other applications include vibro - acoustics and fluid dynamics .
the company was founded in may 1973 as an acoustical engineering and consulting firm , whose primary business was to measure the acoustics of music halls and other venues , then make recommendations .
note that a completely abrupt change ( in the mathematical sense ) is not possible in physical reality ; the change is always somewhat smoothed naturally , for example due to the capacitance ( in electronics ) or inertia ( in acoustics ) of the components involved .
helmholtz developed this system in order to accurately define pitches in his classical work on acoustics " die lehre von den tonempfindungen als physiologische grundlage für die theorie der musik " ( 1863 ) translated into english by a. j. ellis as " on the sensations of tone " ( 1875 ) .
sabine was acoustical architect of boston 's symphony hall , widely considered one of the two or three best concert halls in the world for its acoustics .
in memphis sam phillips used various techniques to create similar acoustics at his memphis recording services studio .
the acoustical consulting firm of bolt , beranek and newman ( bbn ) was hired to design the interior acoustics for the hall .
amphitheatres did not need superior acoustics , unlike those provided by the structure of a roman theatre .
heavily damaged during world war ii and subsequently restored , the building is now used as an exhibition center and concert hall , due to its outstanding acoustics .
due to the church 's excellent acoustics , canadian rock band cowboy junkies recorded their 1988 breakthrough album " the trinity session " at the church on november 27 , 1987 .
now it is a well - developed branch in ocean acoustics known as ray and wave chaos in underwater sound channels .
the theatro dom pedro had better acoustics , a slightly larger seating capacity , and was located in a more fashionable street .
the ceiling of the concert hall consists of 800 hexagonal segments that can be raised or lowered to change the acoustics of the hall .
fisheries acoustics .
its size gives it unique acoustics and the ability to accommodate large numbers of people , which have made it an ideal venue for classical and other music concerts .
he has also made contributions in the areas of aerodynamics , materials , acoustics , climate change , groundwater , image processing and risk assessment .
much fascination surround the role that the acoustics of the drum play to the shaman .
most published work in acoustics has been in the ultrasonic region and their instrumentation has dealt with propagation through a medium and not a resonance effect .
the concept of porous media is used in many areas of applied science and engineering : mechanics ( acoustics , geomechanics , soil mechanics , rock mechanics ) , engineering ( petroleum engineering , construction engineering ) , geosciences ( hydrogeology , petroleum geology ,
there were also complaints about the poor acoustics and the ever - present dust that plagued the interior .
the united states house committee on ventilation and acoustics is a former standing committee of the united states house of representatives .
he subsequently served at ircam as acting director of acoustics ( 1982 - 1983 ) and as consultant ( 1983 - 1987 ) .
the acoustics can be adapted to different musical demands , thanks to the flexibility of the stage curtains and the installation of an adjustable acoustic reflector composed of three parts .
93."fortran control of the real - time signal processing with high - speed processor " with j.d. market , " ieee transactions on acoustics , speech and signal processiong " , may 1977 .
the hall 's acoustics are judged by some not to be the best in town .
