dissipation is the process of converting mechanical energy of downward - flowing water into thermal and acoustical energy .
as the spring of 1941 gave way to the summer , " firecrest " alternately swept the harbor waters with her magnetic or acoustical gear , patrolled , or conducted training .
an acoustical canopy ( weighing 38 tonnes ) can be raised and lowered and tilted backwards to suit the changing musical needs of each performance .
the team gathered evidence of advanced research on acoustical systems to detect under - ice us submarines and efforts to develop arctic anti - submarine warfare techniques .
the inner ear contains thousands of minute hairs , called stereocilia , which vibrate in response to sound waves and cells which convert neural signals back into acoustical vibrations .
it is anticipated that type 095 submarines will have a substantially reduced acoustical signature , incorporating the latest russian submarine technology , within a larger version of the xin / jin hull type .
the steps shown in the above diagram can be found in any acoustical event or process .
the standard proposed to the acoustical society of america explicitly states a logarithmic scale for frequency , which excludes meantone temperament , and the base frequency it uses does gives a4 a frequency of almost exactly 440 hz ( it comes out as approximately 439.96 hz , which is a difference of 0.01 cents ) .
all fiber glass wools that are commonly used for thermal and acoustical insulation are included in this classification .
since the late 1990s he has been the associate editor for animal bioacoustics for the journal of the acoustical society of america .
cs2000 is a commercial wall and ceiling contractor specializing in plaster , metal framing , drywall , fireproofing , stucco , taping , acoustical ceilings and insulation as well as many other things .
he found ways to make the best use of the acoustical process , until electrical recording was introduced by victor in the spring of 1925 .
he also experiments not only with live , acoustical instruments , but also the implementation of midi and electronic sounds .
during the 1980s the park conducted a number of environmental analyses , many related to acoustical impacts of proposed new rides .
realizing he 's upset this person , the cat returns to his house , but the grinch tracks him there and messes with his voice using a device he has invented , " my acoustical anti - audio bleeper , otherwise known as my vacusound sweeper " , to garble the sounds of anything that gets caught in its waves .
audyssey laboratories , inc. ( audyssey ) is a usa - based company specializing in technologies that address acoustical problems in sound reproduction systems used in homes , cars , studios , and movie theaters .
stalwart class ships were originally designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of cold war anti - submarine warfare operations in the 1980s .
this caslpa - led group lobbies the federal government to encourage provincial governments to implement acoustical standards for canadian schools .
in 1994 the city committed funds generated from revenue bonds to fix the acoustical and space problems in the facility .
the sonorous acoustical environment of this basilica was the center of activity of the venetians .
such a grating is known as an " acoustical grating " .
on the other hand a very cheap arm was made by the now defunct dutch jobo / acoustical firm .
this leads to acoustical feedback at the frequency with the highest loop gain , which may be much higher than the average gain over all frequencies ( resonance ) .
the facility is suitable for dance , theater , and opera , and has a built in concert shell that provides an excellent acoustical enclosure for symphonic and other classical music performances .
this early acoustical knowledge informed the design of opera houses and concert halls in the 17th , 18th and 19th centuries , structures that were deliberately built to create internal echoes in order to enhance and project sound from the stage in the days before electrical amplification .
aside from computer graphics rendering , optix also helps in optical & acoustical design , radiation research , and collision analysis .
the acoustical - tile ceiling was fringed with pencils , which had been flung aloft in a rage and stuck fast ; mr. tolkin once counted 39 of them suspended there " .
the filter is essentially a model of the speaker , microphone and the room 's acoustical attributes .
on the other hand there are their unplugged shows , in which they use many kinds of acoustical instruments , among others : guitars , double bass , mandolin , bozouki ...
also known as crosshole acoustical testing , csl normally requires steel ( preferred ) or plastic tubes installed in the drilled shaft and tied to the rebar cage .
filk combines folk roots , live music circles , and dominant acoustical instrumentation , on the one hand , with high - tech cultural maintenance , on the other hand — a dense network of filkers ' web pages , recordings , sound reinforcement at filk conventions , e - mail lists , and so on .
journal articles include go boyun 's overview of " taepyeongso " playing in " pungmul " , " 풍물놀이를 위한 태평소 지도반 " ( 2002 ) , and an acoustical analysis of " taepyeongso " sound production by byeon jungbae , et al , entitled ( in english ) “ extraction of characteristics corresponding
the acoustical - mechanical dubbing process , however , resulted in uneven results on the final commercial record , many having a pronounced rumble or other audio artifacts from the process .
acoustical renovations under the direction of kirkegaard associates were completed in 1992 at a cost of us$ 10 million , resulting in substantial improvement .
increased sophistication , both in manufacturing techniques and acoustical knowledge , made possible great improvements in the instrument 's playability .
in 1931 the acoustical society joined with three other scientific societies to form the american institute of physics .
the octavia ( sometimes misspelled " octavio " ) was an effects pedal for the electric guitar , developed by the acoustical and electronics engineer roger mayer in early 1967 .
acoustical analysis was also conducted in early years related to understanding how porpoises communicate in the wild .
this used a goodmans axiom 150 cone loudspeaker for the lower frequencies and an electromagnetic ribbon loudspeaker , designed by acoustical , for the higher frequencies .
tamm also noted that on " swastika girls " that " if it is less successful than the earlier piece , it is because of the much greater overall saturation of the acoustical space ...
the boston symphony made its first acoustical recordings in 1917 in camden , new jersey for the victor talking machine company with karl muck .
fabric covered panels are one way to maximize the acoustical absorption .
fourth , when less transparent acoustical tiles , e.g. mineral fiber tiles , are used , a reverberant acoustic build - up occurs in the plenum that can cause significant " overflow " from the intended treated space , e.g. an open plan office , into spaces where sound masking may not be needed or wanted , e.g. private offices or conference rooms .
because of the proximity of the porous material , the oscillating air molecules inside the absorber lose their acoustical energy due to friction .
in the era of acoustical recordings ( prior to the introduction of microphones , electrical recording and amplification ) , the earliest recording studios were very basic facilities , being essentially soundproof rooms that isolated the performers from outside noise .
they laid out golkonda 's splendid monuments , now in ruins , and designed a perfect acoustical system by which a hand clap sounded at the fort 's main gates , the grand portico , was heard at the top of the citadel , situated on a -high granite hill .
one area of disagreement , going back to the origin of the term tonality , is whether , and to what degree , tonality is " natural " or inherent in acoustical phenomena , and whether , and to what degree , it is inherent in the human nervous system , or a psychological construct and , if the latter , whether it is inborn or learned , or some combination of these possibilities ( meyer 1967 , 236 ) .
the architect can work with the acoustical scientist to arrive at the best cost effective means of creating a quiet interior ( normally 45 dba ) .
he was a life member of the institute of electrical and electronics engineers ( ieee ) , society for industrial and applied mathematics , senior member of sigma xi and a fellow of the acoustical society of america .
from its inception , the asa 's members have helped develop acoustical standards .
the tendency towards segregation into separate streams is favored by differences in the acoustical properties of sounds a and b. among the differences that favor segregation are those of frequency ( for pure tones ) , fundamental frequency ( for rich tones ) , frequency composition , spatial position , and speed of the sequence ( faster sequences segregate more readily ) .
the finish material is used to cover over the acoustical substrate .
his research work has been documented in some 69 published papers ( 18 in the " journal of the acoustical society of america " ) , numerous technical reports and oral presentations , and four patents .
where he established a laboratory for acoustical - musical boundary problems in broadcasting .
acoustical engineering is the branch of engineering dealing with sound and vibration .
provides acoustical insulation ( like loose - fill , but superior ) .
oettingen was a primary advocate of a theory of acoustical relationships known as " harmonic dualism " .
the phrase " original master recording " began in the period of acoustical audio recording - one " cuts " a recording because the sound is literally cut into the record .
also , underwater acoustical detection used pulsed transmission .
he received the silver medal of the acoustical society of america in 1986 .
in doing this , a closer acoustical sensibility is created for not only the audience to enjoy , but for the performers and conductors as well .
the stereo pair approach has a much smaller footprint and less impact on the band and venue but can be compromised by environmental conditions such as a rowdy crowd or a venue with acoustical anomalies .
during his long and distinguished career , he held responsible assignments with the national academy of sciences , and the national research council , and was elected fellow of the american physical society , the acoustical society of america , and the american astronomical society .
he formally defined the reverberation time , which is still the most important characteristic currently in use for gauging the acoustical quality of a room , as number of seconds required for the intensity of the sound to drop from the starting level , by an amount of 60 db ( decibels ) .
the savart wheel is an acoustical device that was created by french physicist félix savart ( 1791 - 1841 ) , which he used for research on lower frequency limits of hearing .
the most up to date lighting , communications and acoustical systems are incorporated into the design enabling concert sound quality sound , rather than that normally associated with arenas .
the 1920s classic was originally recorded on june 10 , 1924 in new york as the " acoustical " version and was released as victor 55225-a and b , on both sides of the 78 release .
the acoustical cloud is a set of 160 rotating acoustic panels suspended from the rose garden ceiling , and were intended to recreate the roar of noise that made the old memorial coliseum one of the loudest buildings in the nba .
once there , victor talking machine company became interested in having crawford make recordings for them , first by the acoustical process .
many items in the theater were auctioned off , and the auditorium underwent extensive acoustical renovation in order to make it a suitable concert hall .
other types have similar connections , though differing in detail , between their acoustical environment and their electrical properties .
david l. day , who had been the chief acoustical designer at fairbanks became general manager of the vega stringed instrument division and continued to develop innovative and successful banjo designs .
according to edwards , cavos ridiculed the idea that acoustical properties of a building can not be ensured by design ; he deliberately designed , built and outfitted his theatres for sound . "
the mastering room has wooden panels and colorful fabrics from brussels and paris woven into its acoustical design .
working with renowned acoustical architects bolt , beranek and newman , saarinen employed free - hanging acoustic " clouds " that absorb and direct sound , instead of a traditional plaster ceiling .
there are acoustical wall carpets to reduce sound .
the design of the modern soprano helicon takes acoustical advantage of the helicon 's easy blowing , but is not simply another circular petite bugle or soprano cornet .
the sanctuary measures 31x39-feet and the ceiling is 14-feet high and covered in acoustical tiles .
acoustical diffraction near the earth 's surface .
the idea that highway design could be influenced by acoustical engineering considerations including selection of surface paving types arose in the very early 1970s .
except for jessie , they all will be played during five acoustical concerts which saez will give to the stuff in paris and in the nights of fourvière to lyons , in june and july , 2007 , respectively .
around 2002 , bob culbertson together with emmett chapman and luthier craig anderson created the acoustick , the first acoustical stick instrument .
after his work for the moody institute of science , everest worked as an acoustical consultant during the 1970s and 1980s .
alternatively optical and acoustical solutions are known .
the interior of the auditorium was designed for acoustical excellence and seats 850 people .
acoustical analysis of pishing calls and the mobbing calls of tits shows that they share a frequency metric not used by other birds .
by varying geometrical and material parameters , the acoustical performance can be tailored to meet a multitude of specifications in various applications .
" stalwart " class ships were originally designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of cold war anti - submarine warfare operations in the 1980s . ex - usns " adventurous " is now noaa v " dr. oscar elton sette " .
harris was the acoustical consultant for the remodeled avery fisher hall in new york city , the kennedy center in washington d.c. , and orchestra hall in minneapolis , minnesota .
storace and claudio today still perform regularly all over switzerland as acoustical mountain , sometimes taking charly preissel along as 2nd guitarist .
the line array effect of the narrowing of the beam with increasing frequency was first demonstrated by acoustical pioneer harry olson .
in 1921 - 1922 , leonid kurchevsky served at the acoustical intelligence commission .
the building 's carpet contains 37% recycled content , while its acoustical ceiling tiles contain 66% recycled content that includes telephone books and newspapers .
the stencils were painted over and acoustical tiles were applied to the face of the beams .
acoustical materials manufacturers often report nrc values higher than 1.0 due to the way the number is calculated in a laboratory .
it is recognizable on television for its " striped " ceiling ( a result of bands of acoustical tiles ) and the two scoreboards behind each end line , both of which intersperse ads , video boards and scoring information with the familiar " r - o - l - l t - i - d - e " in large illuminated letters .
acoustical society of america ( asa ) , and the audio engineering society ( aes ) .
it features a carved stone facade facing guadalupe street and cathedral ceiling vaults with an excellent acoustical signature , and has hosted performances by willie nelson and larry gatlin .
according to scavarda , “ matrix explores the acoustical properties of the clarinet and makes a clean break with the past . ”
many of these limits depend on the finish materials ( sheetrock , acoustical tile ) selected by the architect , as such , the limits in the building codes on deflections are generally descriptive and leave the choice to the engineer of record ( this may not be as true outside the u.s. )
the definition of scientific pitch notation in this article is that proposed to the acoustical society of america in 1939 , where c0 is in the region of the lowest possible audible frequency .
with china 's guitarists freddie lawrence and claudio matteo , marc formed acoustical mountain that same year .
designated to carry out standardization trials for her class as well as special acoustical tests , " yarnell " spent 28 october–26 november in the caribbean operating out of guantanamo bay and then returned to norfolk .
ta provides acoustical consulting and technology system engineering to architects , facility owners , and end - users around the world .
the arena was designed , using state - of - the - art techniques , to have the acoustical characteristics necessary for concerts ; the first artist to hold a concert in the arena was elton john , in november 2003 .
the design patent ( us patent number d44838 ) for the instrument was issued on november 4 , 1913 to david l. day , who was director and chief acoustical engineer for the stringed instrument division of the vega company .
a sacrificial altar was introduced facing the people , an appropriate bishop ’s chair became a permanent fixture in the sanctuary , the art in the sanctuary and throughout the cathedral was renewed , the pews were refinished , kneelers replaced , carpeting installed , and new acoustical and lighting systems added .
but a method for replicating an input signal at a higher output volume ( such as an acoustical system which makes the song of a singer hearable over a large stadium , or an active medium which produces photons in amounts roughly proportional to its input ) should be considered an amplifier .
wsdg provides design , construction and consulting services for professional audio / video facilities , multi - media presentation rooms , residential home theaters , performance and entertainment spaces , houses of worship , industrial acoustical applications , product development , transportation facilities , sports venues , and numerous other types of projects .
acoustical absorption in the ocean is an important part of the analysis of sonar .
stalwart class ships were originally designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of cold war anti - submarine warfare operations in the 1980s .
in 1978 , a scientific analysis of acoustical evidence presented before the house select committee on assassinations pinpointed the dal - tex building as a possible source of gunfire .
as the train moves , the contact shoe slides along the wire and can set up acoustical standing waves in the wires which break the contact and degrade current collection .
in particular , an acoustical foveal structure , paralleling the adaptations of horshoe bats has been reported for the harbour porpoise , phocoena phocoena ( ketten 2000 ) .
noise criteria ( nc ) translates complex acoustical characteristic into a single quantitative value .
these acoustical adjustments enable sound technicians to accommodate a wide range of programming — from a solo recital to full symphony orchestra to amplified performances .
from around 1900 until our times , the average string tension has been lighter than in most baroque traditions except for 18th century france , but the longer strings and the more compact material ( including , in our days , steel e strings ) has led to a more brilliant and short - range penetrating tone with a greater acoustical emphasis on the even overtones .
although acoustical engineering most commonly involves reducing noise , it also applies to these other important applications as well .
journal of the acoustical society of america ( abbreviated " j. acoust .
in the late 1960s , acoustical science technology emerged to mathematically evaluate the efficacy of a noise barrier design adjacent to a specific roadway .
he also criticized those views according to which creangă 's variant of the literary language was " beautiful " , since it failed to " please everyone on account of some acoustical beauty " , and since readers from outside the writer 's native area could confront it " with some irritation . "
he later developed a theory of the propagation of acoustical waves in layered media , upon which he received a phd in physics and mathematics from fian in 1947 .
usually basses with multiple pickups allow blending of the output from the pickups , with electrical and acoustical interactions between the two pickups ( such as partial phase cancellations ) allowing a range of tonal effects .
finish materials often consist of fabric , wood or acoustical tile .
nicolsky was joined by pianist m. shevtsov and guitarist a. berezovsky , and he started work on his solo project he moves towards a calm acoustical style that fits in perfectly with his musical meterial .
ornamental elements in the auditorium were replaced by acoustical baffles to convert the former movie theater into a lively sounding concert hall .
music for audience , cello and piano with alcohols and acoustical handicaps .
in 1924 , mostly under pressure from radio and autograph records and autograph 's owner orlando r. marsh , victor switched from the old acoustical or mechanical method of recording sound to the new microphone based electrical system developed by western electric .
acoustical planning’ " shall mean controlling future noise by planned measures , such as land - use planning , systems engineering for traffic , traffic planning , abatement by soundinsulation measures and noise control of sources ;
the phenomenon of the parametric array , seen first experimentally by westervelt in the 1950s , was later explained theoretically in 1960 , at a meeting of the acoustical society of america .
his work has been described as " the crowning achievement of two millenia of acoustical experiment and research ( robinson 1962:224 ) " though it may be considered more justified to describe him as " one of the most important historians of his nation 's music . "
typical of acoustical recordings , the musicians had to crowd around a large horn that transferred the sounds to a recording machine .
fitted out at san diego , california , " rhea " , equipped with acoustical , magnetic , and " o "- type gear , remained on the u.s. west coast , at san francisco , california , until she sailed west in early march 1942 to assume duties in the 14th naval district .
lydall corporation ( nyse : ldl ) operates an automotive thermal / acoustical plant in the area .
working in the unique acoustical space of st. mark 's , he was able to develop his unique , grand ceremonial style , which was enormously influential in the development of the polychoral style and the concertato idiom , which partially defined the beginning of the baroque era in music .
while attending the command and general staff college , he made a study of acoustical direction - finding for antiaircraft artillery , and soon realized that this could better be done using electromagnetic waves .
tiles are available that resist mold and moisture damage , that have enhanced acoustical properties , and that can be easily trimmed with household scissors .
during 1995 - 96 , organ curator robert pearson supervised the complete cleaning , tuning , and revoicing of the organ to suit the new acoustical environment ..
the construction was undertaken without informing the jisr az - zarqa municipal council , and for acoustical reasons ; i.e. , to block out noise from the muezzin , celebratory gunfire , etc .
he cofounded the acoustical society of america ( asa ) , and served as its president , 1933 - 35 , and the asa awarded him the sabine medal in 1958 and the gold medal in 1967 .
in 1969 itakura and saito introduced partial correlation , may glen culler proposed realtime speech encoding , and b. s. atal presented an lpc speech coder at the annual meeting of the acoustical society of america .
the large upstairs room with its plaster walls and wooden floor provided the perfect acoustical setting for a band rehearsal .
the music is acoustical and instrumental .
the center has been planned as an architectural ensemble of the finest acoustical quality designed to enhance and emulate the groves , vineyards , and rolling foothills of sonoma county .
his brother would become a well - known acoustical architect in new england .
it is about an entirely acoustical album the majority of which of the songs treat damien 's break with his companion of polish origin , katarzyna .
in addition , playing into the corner of a wall ( referred to as " corner loading " ) was a sound - enhancing technique that simulated the acoustical booths of better - equipped studios .
among other activities , the scl was made responsible for research in the detection of aircraft by acoustical and infrared radiation means .
he composed music for acoustical ensembles , electronics , voices and a large number of innovative radioworks produced by european broadcasting corporations .
many designs used slightly lower than normal occupancy density to mitigate the acoustical problems inherent in open designs .
since 2004 she dedicated herself to works for purely acoustical instrument .
arising from his pioneering work in the field of acoustical engineering research , in 1958 ( pp .
but just three weeks later , the plasterers ' union led a jurisdictional strike against the stonecutters ' union at the labor / icc building because the stonecutters were installing acoustical marble columns .
a unique feature found in no other multi - purpose arena what is known as the " acoustical cloud " .
koenig will also be remembered as the inventor and constructor of many other beautiful pieces of apparatus for the investigation of acoustical problems , among which may be mentioned his wave - sirens , the first of which was shown at philadelphia in 1876 .
the idea that road design could be influenced by acoustical engineering considerations first arose about 1973 .
further , he is honorary member of the german audiological society , and the polish acoustical society .
the holland center specializes in events requiring a more acoustical environment , including performances by the omaha symphony .
in nature , and 20 in the journal of the acoustical society of america ( jasa ) .
27 - 29 ) dr. harry f. olson published a book of dynamical analogies that includes a table of equivalent elements in different systems such as electrical , acoustical , and mechanical systems .
in 2001 dr. hartmann received the distinguished faculty award from michigan state university and the interdisciplinary ( helmholtz - rayleigh ) asa silver medal from the acoustical society of america .
acoustical engineering .
leopold b. felsen was a professor of boston university college of engineering , life fellow of ieee , fellow of acoustical society of america and optical society of america .
the grand hall and its multi - use facilities will be available for 24-hour flexible usage without impacting the library security controls and acoustical requirements .
( this notation is quite different from the arabic numerals placed after note names to indicate the octave of a tone , typically used in acoustical contexts ; for example , " c4 " is often used to mean the single tone middle c , and " c3 " the tone an octave below it . )
high resolution electrical or acoustical
acoustical society of america .
amar bose used an electronic equalizer to adjust the acoustical output for flat total radiated power .
this acoustical stage upgrade was completed by the architectural firm of john burgee architects , formly known as philip johnson john burgee architects .
named for university of maryland alumna and virginia visual artist clarice smith , the building was designed by international architects moore ruble yudell in association with gross ; acoustical consultant kirkegaard associates ; theatre consultants theatre project consultants ; mechanical / electrical / plumbing engineering by henry adams llc ; and lobby interiors , gensler .
in the european union , hearing protectors are required to be tested according to the international organization for standardization ( iso ) acoustical testing standard , iso 4869 part 1 and the single number rating ( snr ) or high / middle / low ( hml ) ratings are calculated according to iso 4869 part 2 .
an unique acoustical feature of the theater are its " frying pan " pods , accessible via walkways over the rear of the orchestra seating .
according to ansi acoustical terminology , it is the auditory attribute of sound according to which sounds can be ordered on a scale from low to high .
on brass instruments , the acoustical coupling from the bore to the outside air occurs at the bell for all notes , and the shape of the bell optimizes this coupling .
minor additions to and variations on his key system are common but the acoustical structure of the tube remains almost exactly as he designed it .
the acoustical science of noise barrier design is based upon treating a roadway or railway as a line source .
as in some other species of monkeys , it has been argued that the acoustical structure of putty - nosed monkey alarm calls varies according to the kind of predator that has been spotted ( arnold & zubermühler , 2006 ) .
despite its heavy use , the commons room is kept quiet by the use of guastavino acoustical tiles as the stones between the ribs of vaulting .
william rice repeats jack white 's line , " nikola tesla perceived the earth as a conductor of acoustical resonance .
in writing a history of the ecosystem concept , golley noted that odum tended to think in the form of analogies , and gave the example , " if the world is a heat engine , then ... " in this vein , odum can be understood as extending the dynamical analogies which establish the analogies between electrical , mechanical , acoustical , magnetic and electronic systems , to include ecological systems .
after working as a carpenter for a number of years , mostly on acoustical ceilings , mike forde was appointed as a union organizer by local 608 president , paschal mcguinness .
acoustical implications .
truman 's modifications to the salt lake tabernacle in 1870 are said to have resolved the outstanding acoustical issues with that structure .
the effect was developed by roger mayer , an acoustical and electronics engineer , and mayer claims he made it in cooperation with jimi hendrix .
the results of individual acoustical component materials tests revealed how their collective interactions determine the instrument 's dominant tonal character and frequency response of the stethoscope , yielding several high fidelity and acoustic noise cancelling stethoscope models .
during the 80s , with the development of more sophisticated synthesizers and technology such as midi , goldsmith started to abandon acoustical solutions to create unusual timbres , and relied more and more on digital instruments .
consonance can be roughly defined as harmonies whose tones complement and increase each others ' resonance , and dissonance as those which create more complex acoustical interactions ( called ' beats ' ) .
was a british pioneer in acoustical research .
ottorino respighi used an ( acoustical ) phonograph recording of a nightingale ’s song in his orchestral work " the pines of rome " in 1924 , before the introduction of electrical record players ; experimental filmmaker walter ruttmann created " weekend " , a sound collage on an optical soundtrack in 1930 ; and john cage used phonograph recordings of test tones mixed with live instruments in " imaginary landscape no .
the facility is fully air conditioned , and features an orchestra pit , " cushioned " stage floor , climate controlled storage , professional quality acoustical engineering , high - capacity electrical system for lights and sound with video projection capability on a large screen .
applied over an engineered sound dampening system this product delivers the same acoustical isolation that is the standard in the finest quality high rise residential buildings .
when the oscillating air molecules penetrate the mpp , the friction between the air in motion and the surface of the mpp dissipates the acoustical energy .
they used electromagnetic cables to set off mines or other cables to cut their mooring lines , and various magnetic and acoustical devices to set off mines .
in 1993 , the theater underwent a major acoustical renovation .
air coils have the advantage of generating less acoustical noise than iron - core coils , they eliminate the potential environmental hazard of spilled oil , and they do not saturate under transient high current fault conditions .
“ in concert : a historic interior , acoustical relevance , and arg make beautiful music together in carmel - by - the - sea , calif. ’s sunset center .
a protective distribution system ( pds ) , also called protective distribution system , is a wireline or fiber - optics telecommunication system that includes terminals and adequate acoustical , electrical , electromagnetic , and physical safeguards to permit its use for the unencrypted transmission of classified information .
it is the heart - place of the steel pan world , where pioneer winston " spree " simon lived and created one of the century ’s new acoustical musical instrument .
brown incorrectly identified these markers as the end of the acoustical range , but several of the quartermasters , as well as commander peckham , lieutenant arnold , and other officers knew this was an incorrect assumption .
this used his intonarumori , described by russolo as " acoustical noise - instruments , whose sounds ( howls , roars , shuffles , gurgles , etc . )
persons moving into a new office prefer slow changes and this function accommodates the acoustical aspect .
[ 2 ] peter j. westervelt , " parametric acoustic array " , journal of the acoustical society of america , vol .
she believed the curtains and soft floors created " a perfect acoustical environment " for frequent piano concerts held at the home .
viganle noted that some strange sounds could be attributed to music hall 's acoustical ability to project sounds .
compromising emanations consist of electrical , mechanical , or acoustical energy intentionally or by mishap unintentionally emitted by any number of sources within equipment / systems which process national security information .
from the angles , seating radiates outward and upward , balconies hung over the space just under ceiling - hung acoustical panels that carried the asymmetrical theme all the way to the top of the theater .
coldfeet was a success- the mission yielded information on the soviet union ’s arctic research activities , including evidence of advanced research on acoustical systems to detect under - ice us submarines and efforts to develop arctic anti - submarine warfare techniques .
significantly their plug moves the coupling point between the cavity and horn away from the axis of rotation , this change significantly improves the transducer response as the effect of the acoustical resonances in compression cavity is reduced .
in 1989 , bbn 's acoustical consulting business was spun off into a new corporation , acentech incorporated , also based in cambridge .
the interior was largely preserved and restored to its original design , with the addition of a new acoustical baffle covering the original proscenium .
the acoustical design of the auditorium was created by reference to the standards of world - famous concert halls .
in acoustical engineering , the campbell diagram would represent the pressure spectrum waterfall plot vs the machine 's shaft rotation speed ( sometimes also called " 3d noise map " ) .
it reopened in 1989 as home to the louisiana philharmonic orchestra , whose musicians prize the auditorium for its acoustical purity .
hermon hosmer scott 's technological leadership was recognized by election to fellow in the institute of electrical and electronics engineers , acoustical society of america , and audio engineering society , where he served as president in 1962 , as well as a member of the aes board of governors .
these analyses led to the replacement of the gymnasium ceiling with asbestos free material that offered higher acoustical absorption to mitigate the previous reverberation issue .
in 1980 , dornier medtech introduced extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for breaking up stones via acoustical pulses , and this technique has come into widespread use .
many tracks on this album later received acoustic versions on their follow - up album , five man acoustical jam , a precursor of the unplugged trend .
while this was also a technique which developed in venice , it was widespread by the end of the 16th century : almost all composers of sacred polyphony used polychoral techniques at some time , especially those working in large acoustical environments ( such as most cathedrals in europe ) .
due to its large body and wide bore , the sound of the contrabass saxophone has great acoustical presence and a very rich tone .
this allows the driver to react quickly during transitions in music ( i.e. fast changing transient impulses ) and minimizes acoustical output distortion .
using melodic and acoustical / classic arrangements with his piano playing and orchestral work marty draws also from a number of musical influences not least of which is his hebraic background .
each instrument is based directly on the traditional violin and shares its acoustical properties , with the goal of a richer and more homogeneous sound .
smaart is an acoustical measurement software program that is compatible on both the windows and apple platforms .
in many cases courts were able to enforce the intent of those laws to secure the redesign of roadways and transit systems to provide more noise mitigation or to select an alternative of lesser impact than the original project ; in many other cases , the highway agencies simply listened to public input and acoustical scientists before finalizing highway and transit designs .
however , forest - falcons also use other techniques to hunt prey , such as chasing prey on foot , following army ant swarms , and acoustical luring of birds , by means of a " facial disc " .
the central stage in the acoustical process is wave propagation .
audyssey multeq : a technology that allows consumers and professionals to fix the acoustical problems in rooms that arise from the interaction of sound from the loudspeakers with the surfaces in the room .
the san francisco symphony orchestra conducted by alfred hertz made a few acoustical recordings early in 1925 , then switched to electrical recordings in oakland , california , which continued until 1930 .
initially this buoy was identified as one of the acoustical range markers as a result of the letter " b " painted on it , but this information was not properly relayed to the rest of the crew . mistakenly believing that this was the marker was for the right side of the range , both captain brown and the battleship 's operation 's officer agreed to order the battleship to pass to the left of the marker .
dr. hartmann has been a fellow of the acoustical society of america since 1983 .
acoustical engineers are typically concerned with the manipulation and conrol of sound .
the instrument carries more acoustical volume than the glass armonica and other glass instruments and generally has a range from g3-c6 .
he also made improvements in the studio room , and in the years after that , blue jay continued to make tweaks on the rooms , using acoustical engineer michael blackmer .
the list included de - icing equipment for the leading edge of the air intakes , fuel - system pipes and devices to improve durability of these pipes , drain valves for fuel tanks , fireproof paints , navigation and piloting equipment , systems and techniques for acoustical loading of airframe and controls ( to test against acoustic fatigue caused by high jet - noise environment ) , ways to reinforce airframe strength to withstand damage , firefighting equipment , including warning devices and lightning protection , emergency power supply , landing gear spray guards ( aka water deflectors or " mud flaps " that increase engine efficiency when taking off wet airstrip ) .
features a melancholic , fully acoustical song “
in retrospect , two balconies would have caused acoustical damage to the auditorium .
these differences in voice qualities are reflections on variation in the muscular , aerodynamic , and acoustical conditions in the larynx and in the vocal tract .
in addition , the renovation project completed an upgrade of the symphony hall stage and constructed a new acoustical shell .
sometimes , acoustical labs will measure tl at frequencies below the normal stc boundary of 125 hz , possibly down to 50 hz or lower , thus giving additional valuable data to evaluate transmission loss at very low frequencies , such as a subwoofer - rich home theater system would produce .
although situated within a city focal point , the century ii center , the orchestra 's current hall is widely criticized for lacking the acoustical nuance a symphony hall requires .
this type of construction was selected for its high strength to weight ratio , acoustical insulation , and thermal conductivity properties .
the building is faced in white georgia marble and incorporated the use of new materials at the time such as acoustical block , formica , vitrolit , and glass tubing .
there he worked in acoustical research , specificity in " unterwasser - schal"’ ( sonar ) with the objective of improving the accuracy of detection of vessels using near - surface , underwater signals .
they use instruments ranging from classical acoustical instruments like cello , trumpet , piano , flute to the instruments of a modern rock band .
stalwart class ships were originally designed to collect underwater acoustical data in support of cold war anti - submarine warfare operations in the 1980s .
an acoustical wall treatment designed by ta in cooperation with the architect thom mayne of morphosis , prevents the sounds of conversation from spilling out of the stairwells into the office spaces .
in 1968 producer/ arranger , saxophonist , jack schaeffer discovered the soultry singer , patty parsons playing with acoustical guitarist dale jared at mooneys irish pub san francisco , and with lead guitarist , dan anthony ( formerly jaramillo ) formed the new group .
the word acxel is short for " acoustical element " ( as pixel is short for " picture element " . )
the st. joseph tracker organ is a powerful instrument in a fine acoustical space .
he served as president of the american physical society , president of the acoustical society of america ( asa ) , and board chair of the american institute of physics .
this style of cumbia has roots with the great rigo tovar when he introduced acoustical instruments into his band ensemble .
acoustical imaging , 1997;23 . "
the main goals of the end are to make a diagnosis of noise pollution in europe that can lead to action plans , and a noise management that can be implemented in terms of action plans and acoustical planning .
it was replaced by the t5 " zaunkönig " ( referred to by the allies as gnat , for german naval acoustical torpedo ) , which was faster and better able to home onto the sound of fast moving warships as well as merchant traffic .
it is perhaps best known for its work in the development of packet switching ( including the arpanet and the internet ) and for its 1978 acoustical analysis for the house select committee on the assassination of john f. kennedy , but it is also a defense contractor , primarily for darpa .
