products include cellulosic polymers , cellulose esters , adhesion promoters , " texanol " ester alcohol , solvents , hydrocarbon resins , rosin resins , resin dispersions , and polymer raw materials .
the locomotives worked on the fell mountain railway system and had four horizontal driving wheels between the frames , gripping a centre rail and providing the extra adhesion needed for the climb .
fixation and orthopaedic applications have included sutures , suture fasteners , meniscus repair devices , rivets , tacks , staples , screws ( including interference screws ) , bone plates and bone plating systems , surgical mesh , repair patches , slings , cardiovascular patches , orthopedic pins ( including bone.lling augmentation material ) , adhesion barriers , stents , guided tissue repair / regeneration devices , articular cartilage repair devices , nerve guides , tendon repair devices , atrial septal defect repair devices , pericardial patches , bulking and filling agents , vein valves , bone marrow scaffolds , meniscus regeneration devices , ligament and tendon grafts , ocular cell implants , spinal fusion cages , skin substitutes , dural substitutes , bone graft substitutes , bone dowels , wound dressings , and hemostats .
recently , anthralin ’s effectiveness as an anti - psoriatic agent has also been in part attributed to its abilities to induce lipid peroxidation and reduce levels of endothelial adhesion molecules which are markedly elevated in psoriatic patients .
many proteins are required for proper focal adhesion production and maintenance .
this may result in loss of adhesion - causing the train to slow , preventing toppling .
uptake is stimulated by the binding of listerial internalins ( inl ) to host cell adhesion factors such as e - cadherin or met .
the specific protein that is affected by mit is called focal adhesion kinase , or fak .
excellent adhesion to concrete and steel is obtained with the proper primer and surface treatment .
research topics include earthquake detection and alarm systems , systems for detecting obstacles on level crossings , improving adhesion between train wheels and tracks , reducing energy usage , noise barriers and preventing vibrations , among other topics .
sometimes grouped into the chemical mechanism of adhesion , hydrogen bonding can increase adhesive strength by the dispersive mechanism .
the catalyst particles can stay at the tips of the growing nanotube during the growth process , or remain at the nanotube base , depending on the adhesion between the catalyst particle and the substrate .
in 1832 the adhesion of baden to the prussian " zollverein " did much for the material prosperity of the country .
the elastomers are widely used in the architectural , aerospace , electronic , food and beverage , textile and transportation industries for molding , coating , adhesion and sealing .
it weakens the adhesion between the sertoli cell and maturing sperm leading to a sloughing and loss of the latter .
these locomotives were built for mainline haulage ; later , however , the configuration was generally used for large switcher ( uk : shunter ) types , providing a powerful layout with all weight as adhesive weight and thus tractive effort and factor of adhesion were maximised .
naturally this applies very strongly to wetting liquids , but also to gas molecules that could adsorb onto the surface in question , thereby occupying potential adhesion sites .
epithelial cell adhesion molecule ( epcam ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " epcam " gene .
upon binding , it induces adhesion - mediated cell forces that are translated into biochemical signals which can lead to liberation / activation of tgfb from its latent complex .
epb41l3 has been shown to interact with ywhab , ywhah , ywhag and cell adhesion molecule 1 .
this adhesion occurs as part of the transitory initial encounters between t - cells and antigen presenting cells before t - cell activation , when t - cells are roaming the lymph nodes looking at the surface of apcs for peptide : mhc complexes the t - cell 's " t - cell receptors " ( tcr ) are reactive to .
fyn binding protein ( fyb-120/130 ) , also known as fyb , adap ( adhesion and degranulation promoting adapter protein ) , and slap-130 ( slp-76 associated phosphoprotein of 130 kda ) is a protein which in humans is encoded by the " fyb " gene .
with immunohistochemistry , the chief cells located in the cell balls are positive for chromogranin , synaptophysin , neuron specific enolase , serotonin , neurofilament and neural cell adhesion molecule ; they are s-100 protein negative .
adhesion dynamics with migrating cells .
these connection sites are called focal adhesion .
cytosolic substrates of p90rsk include protein phosphatase 1 ; glycogen synthase kinase 3 ( gsk3 ) ; l1 cam , a neural cell adhesion molecule ; son of sevenless , the ras exchance factor ; and myt1 , an inhibitor of cdc2 .
the degree of menstrual deficiency is closely correlated to the extent of adhesion ( r.toaff and s.ballus , 1978 ) .
the push - out test is a test for mechanical adhesion of an implant into bone .
integrins act as cell adhesion molecules as well as participate in cellular signaling .
recent scientific evidence has elucidated the physiological roles of the ppar ’s in the ω- hydroxylation of fatty acids and the inhibition of pro - inflammatory transcription factors ( nfκb and ap-1 ) , pro - inflammatory cytokines ( il-1 , -6 , -8 , -12 , and tnf-α ) , cell4 adhesion molecules ( icam-1 and vcam-1 ) , inducible nitric oxide synthase , proinflammatory nitric oxide ( no ) , and anti - apoptotic factors .
the adhesion is so great that the spider could grip using this force and support 170 times its own weight .
the transition layer is primarily structural , giving the vocal fold support as well as providing adhesion between the mucosa , or cover , and the body , the thyroarytenoid muscle .
track grip ( adhesion ) on the hauenstein line caused him concern .
the tongue is coated in a sticky secretion , which allows for the adhesion of the prey to the tongue .
treatment with sod decreases reactive oxygen species generation and oxidative stress and thus , inhibits endothelial activation and indicate that modulation of factors that govern adhesion molecule expression and leukocyte - endothelial interactions , such as antioxidants , may be important , new tools for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease .
adhesion barrier .
when looking at the kelvin equation , where relative humidity comes into play , condensation that occurs below psat will cause adhesion .
clay types also have the additional handicap of lacking adhesion to the ink .
according to that system , " ge 4/6 " denotes a narrow gauge electric adhesion locomotive with a total of six axles , four of which are drive axles .
in 2008 , president cristina fernandez de kirchner announced she was studying a reopening of the 2005 swap to gain adhesion from the remaining 24% of the so - called " holdouts " , and thereby fully exit the default with private investors .
epithelial - mesenchymal transition or transformation ( emt ) is a program of development of biological cells characterized by loss of cell adhesion , repression of e - cadherin expression , and increased cell mobility .
whereas ras is known for its role in cell proliferation and survival , rap1 is predominantly involved in cell adhesion and cell junction formation .
chemical pleurodesis is the injection of a chemical irritant that triggers an inflammatory reaction , leading to adhesion of the visceral pleura , which is in contact with the lung , to the parietal pleura .
the itgam ( alpha ) subunit of integrin αmβ2 is directly involved in causing the adhesion and spreading of cells but can not mediate cellular migration without the presence of the β2 ( cd18 ) subunit .
fibronectin plays a major role in cell adhesion , growth , migration and differentiation , and it is important for processes such as wound healing and embryonic development .
the flattened shape of these fish and the large pectoral and pelvic fins provide essential adhesion in the fast - flowing waters they live in .
its primary function is binding to other proteins , particularly factor viii and it is important in platelet adhesion to wound sites .
also , at an adhesion called the fibronexus , actin in the myofibroblast is linked across the cell membrane to molecules in the extracellular matrix like fibronectin and collagen .
these colours were often applied on an unprimed airframe ; because of this and the poor adhesion qualities of japanese paints in the latter years of the war this scheme often weathered quickly , with large patches of natural metal being visible ( see photo of 85 " hiko - sentai " ki-84 on a korean base ) . "
sialic acid in the form of polysialic acid is an unusual posttranslational modification that occurs on the neural cell adhesion molecules , ncam .
corticosteroids reduce inflammation by blocking portions of the leukocyte adhesion cascade which results in inflammation .
the molecules responsible for creating cell junctions include various cell adhesion molecules .
cd44 , a cell - surface transmembrane glycoprotein is a receptor for hyaluronic acid involved in cell adhesion by binding to specific extracellular matrix components .
the remaining somitomeres , likely driven by periodic expression of the " hairy " gene , begin expressing adhesion proteins such as n - cadherin and fibronectin , compact , and bud off forming somites .
this was followed in 1813 by the " puffing billy " built by christopher blackett and william hedley for the wylam colliery railway , the first successful locomotive running by adhesion only .
archbishop purcell attended the council of the vatican , and in the discussion of papal infallibility he took the side of the minority which opposed the opportuneness of the decision , but on his return from rome , which he left before the question was decided , he gave in his adhesion to the doctrine as soon as he learned of the signing of the decree by pope pius ix .
titanium zirconium and silanes offer similar performance against corrosion and adhesion of the powder .
more mundane methods such as application of fine powders work by adhesion to sebaceous deposits and possibly aqueous deposits for fresh fingerprints .
the adhesion of gas or liquid molecules to the surface is known as adsorption .
this new material has some problems though : when pulled parallel to a surface , the tape releases , not because the cnts lose adhesion from the surface but because they break , and the tape can not be reused in this case .
it is a cell surface glycoprotein and functions as a cell - cell adhesion factor .
l - selectin , also known as cd62l , is a cell adhesion molecule found on leukocytes .
junctional adhesion molecule b is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " jam2 " gene .
cell adhesion .
cd38 also functions in cell adhesion , signal transduction and calcium signaling .
this principle of metallic adhesion of dissimilar metals became known as the blish principle .
the her proteins regulate cell growth , survival , adhesion , migration , and differentiation — functions that are amplified or weakened in cancer cells .
because apoptotic , carcinogenic , and inflammatory effects and various gene products ( such as tnf- , il-6 , cox-2 , adhesion molecules , cyclin d1 , and mdr ) modulated by berberine are regulated by the transcription factor nuclear factor- b ( nf- b ) , it is postulated that this pathway plays a major role in the action of berberine .
almost 50 percent of chronic pelvic pain cases are estimated to be adhesion related ( stoval )
its stronge adhesion to steel made it a unique coating for barried pipe , as it can protect the pipe against soil and rock , indeed it has high resistance to delamination during cathodic protection .
the softer rubber gives greater adhesion to the road surface , but it also has a lower treadwear rating ; " i.e. " it wears out much more quickly than the harder rubber tyres used for driving on the streets .
this involved a single or multiple powered vehicles being located at the front of the train , and providing sufficient adhesion to haul the weight of the full train .
due to the action of proanthocyanidins on limiting platelet adhesion , grape seed extract may increase the clotting time of blood .
platelet adhesiveness refers to the processes or factors which lead to the adhesion of platelets to other structures .
seeds are very well adapted for dispersal by adhesion to moving objects .
b571 - 97(2008)e1 standard practice for qualitative adhesion testing of metallic coatings
they feel a net force from the bulk particles pulling them into the container , because this force is not compensated by particles on the side where the wall is ( another assumption here is that there is no interaction between walls and particles , which is not true as can be seen from the phenomenon of droplet formation ; most types of liquid show adhesion ) .
mechanical forces can be transmitted by focal adhesion sites , integrins , and cell - cell junctions .
he built the " blücher " , one of the first successful flanged - wheel adhesion locomotives .
a technique called " crimping " is used to gain maximum adhesion to these holds .
this means that the transferred oxide material will instantly act as a penetrating body and the concentration of energy , pressure and frictional heating is immediate which without would certainly reduce the tendency for adhesion .
il-1 is responsible for ' activation ' of local vasculature , causing endothelial cells to express certain cell adhesion molecules , which help the cells of the bodies immune system to migrate into tissues .
there can be one to three or more layers in the coating eg a base layer for adhesion , a main layer for holding the drug , and sometimes a top coat to slow down the release of the drug and extend its effect .
in " armendariz v. foundation health psychcare services , inc. " , 24 cal 4th 83 ( 2000 ) , a california appellate court held that a one - sided arbitration clause in a contract of adhesion for employment ( deemed a necessity ) may also be voided as unconscionable because of the relative positions of the parties involved .
strong adhesion and weak cohesion results in a high degree of wetting , a lyophilic condition with low measured contact angles .
the idea is to use a well - polished surface of the evaporator and appropriate mechanisms to prevent tubing from the adhesion of ice embryos , from a growth and a thickening of the ice on the inside cooling surface .
it is thought that the experimental medicines are affecting the lymphocyte adhesion pathway in humans in unintended ways .
leukocyte adhesion deficiency .
it is then cut into small cubes , coated with powder clay to prevent adhesion , and allowed to fully harden and dry .
between coonoor and udagamandalam the train is operated by a ydm4 diesel locomotive using conventional rail adhesion principles .
the johnson - kendall - roberts ( jkr ) theory of adhesion mechanics predicts this value as
organisms such as limpets and sea stars use suction and mucus - like slimes to create stefan adhesion , which makes pull - off much harder than lateral drag ; this allows both attachment and mobility .
the constant current systems of class 74 were designed to allow the driver to apply power very near the limit of adhesion and the booster output is regulated in such a way that the maximum current of any traction motor does not exceed the selected value .
one possibility is that the calcium - dependent protease calpain is involved : it has been shown that the inhibition of calpain leads to the inhibition of focal adhesion - ecm separation .
in addition , the weissman laboratory has pioneered the study of the genes and proteins involved in cell adhesion events required for lymphocyte homing to lymphoid organs in vivo , either as a normal function or as events involved in malignant leukemic metastases .
sometimes , the sauce may also be used as a " mop " sauce , applied during cooking , often with the addition of a vegetable oil ( usually canola ) to help adhesion to the meat .
the discovery that the loss of emc1 expression leads to the symptoms associated with urbach - wiethe disease suggests that ecm1 may contribute to skin adhesion , epidermal differentiation , and wound healing and scarring .
although dentyl ph also contains an anti - bacterial agents ( cetylpyridinium chloride , triclosan ) , it also contains an oil ( isopropyl myristate ) that offers high adhesion to bacteria ( better than other bacteria or tissue ) in order to remove bacteria from the mouth .
biofouling is divided into microfouling — biofilm formation and bacterial adhesion — and macrofouling — attachment of larger organisms , of which the main culprits are barnacles , mussels , polychaete worms , bryozoans , and seaweed .
adhesion dissection can be technically difficult and must be performed with care in order to not create new scars and further exacerbate the condition .
adhesion is the tendency of certain dissimilar molecules to cling together due to attractive forces .
this process appears crucial for both adhesion , migration and phagocytosis , three functions in which cd93 may be involved .
actually , the toxin changed bacterial cells morphology and this might lead to a change in adhesion sites .
role in cell adhesion , extravasation , migration .
he urged the shabbethaians of adrianople to proclaim their adhesion to the cause by abolishing the fasts of the 17th of tammuz and the 9th of ab .
cd15 is a carbohydrate adhesion molecule ( not a protein ) that can be expressed on glycoproteins , glycolipids and proteoglycans .
an opening batsman with fabled powers of adhesion , suiting his name , mcglew set records in the 1950s for slow scoring .
this cr3 family of receptors is very important for cell adhesion and cell mediated cytotoxicity .
among many actions and ideas in defense of social rights , he added an enthusiastic adhesion to cooperation , in this way becoming an open enemy of the fascist regimen that strongly supported corporativism .
lectins serve many different biological functions in animals , from the regulation of cell adhesion to glycoprotein synthesis and the control of protein levels in the blood .
debye forces , or dipole - induced dipole interactions , can also play a role in dispersive adhesion .
this loss in vascular integrity is furthered with synthesis of gp , which reduces specific integrins responsible for cell adhesion to the inter - cellular structure , and damage to the liver , which leads to coagulopathy .
both reviews agree that the evidence for cranberries ( and their anti - adhesion components a type proanthocyanidins ) and urinary tract infection prevention can be strengthened by better - designed clinical studies .
he strengthened relations with rome by introducing the inquisition in portugal and the adhesion of the portuguese clergy to the counter - reformation .
all three research groups showed that dual - targeted microbubbles showed enhanced adhesion compared to single - targeted microbubbles .
on steep grades the friction between the wheels and the rails can not apply sufficient adhesion to the train 's wheels so as to overcome gravity , and the train is in danger of sliding down the track .
for enhanced water resistance , flexibility and adhesion .
compucell3d can model several different phenomena , including avian limb development , " in vitro " capillary development , adhesion - driven cell sorting , dictyostelium discoideum , and fluid flows .
traditionally tuboplastic surgery was the main approach to correct tubal obstruction or adhesion formation , however success rates tended to be very limited .
many biopolymers - proteins , carbohydrates , glycoproteins , and mucopolysaccharides - may be used to form hydrogels that contribute to temporary adhesion .
biomaterials made up of fibrin can attach many biological surfaces with high adhesion .
although adhesion still will occur , using such materials makes other methods , such as raking , easier .
one lead imsaid , the tripeptide feg ( phe - glu - gly ) and its d - isomer feg are known to alter leukocyte adhesion involving actions on αmβ2 integrin , and inhibit the binding of cd16b ( fcyriii ) antibody to human neutrophils .
a greater factor of adhesion than 4 is simply excess weight or insufficient power .
he was again unsuccessful : england refused even to admit the principle of a congress , while austria , prussia and russia gave their adhesion only on conditions which rendered it futile , i.e. they reserved the vital questions of venetia and poland .
adhesion to one party or another could be therefore motivated by local or regional political reasons .
nanofibers allow for great adhesion on a small scale and allow for minimum power consumption when the catoms are at rest .
carcinoembryonic antigen - related cell adhesion molecule 5 ( ceacam5 ) also known as cd66e ( cluster of differentiation 66e ) , is a human gene .
to create cellular quality controls systems , rare antigen expression , modified cell adhesion / interaction / separation / immobilisation , and labelling .
tnf-α , the prototype of the tnf family cytokines , can induce endothelial cells to present e - selectin and icam-1 , both of which are cell adhesion molecules ( cam ) that mediate the “ roll and stick ” mechanism of leukocyte extravasation , termed diapedesis .
adhesion .
there has been an increasing interest in the biomedical research community to enhance the adhesion efficiency of microbubble contrast agents in order to realize targeted contrast - enhanced ultrasound ’s immense diagnostic and therapeutic potentials .
cleanliness is essential to successful electroplating , since molecular layers of oil can prevent adhesion of the coating .
clay colloids - minute particles ( diameters smaller than 2 micrometres ) play a significant role in aggregation between the full range of soil particles ( leeper & uren , 1993 ) . adhesion between particles is via electrostatic force ( flocculation ) or cementing substances , such as organic matter and minerals .
these button - like junctions consist of protein filaments like platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 or ( pecam-1 ) .
these changes are thought to be mediated by neurotrophin and cell adhesion molecule release from muscle cells , thereby emphasizing the importance of communication between the motoneuron and the myotube during synaptogenesis .
as a result of these binding characteristics , icam-1 has classically been assigned the function of intercellular adhesion .
construction on the 20 km long adhesion railway santos - piassagüera began on march 15 , 1860 and on the incline system in the year 1861 .
the ceiling tiles had previously been removed due to poor adhesion .
in culture they exhibit much less clumping than many other suspension lines , presumably due to the downregulation of surface adhesion molecules by bcr : abl .
the organism 's capsule , known as polysaccharide intercellular adhesion ( pia ) , is made up of sulfated polysaccharide .
nanomolar concentrations of endorepellin inhibits ec migration and angiogenesis in different " in vitro " and " in vivo " models by blocking ec adhesion to various substrate such as fibronectin and type i collagen .
adhesion may be improved by moistening the wrapper 's inner edges , typically by dipping one 's fingertip into water and running it across the dry dough to dissolve the extra flour .
leukocyte adhesion molecule deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive disorder characterized by recurrent bacterial and fungal infections and impaired neutrophil migration .
his adhesion to the allied cause would facilitate the invasion of france through dauphiné and provence , where the naval base of toulon lay .
scf has been shown to increase adhesion and thus may play a large role in ensuring that hscs remain in the niche .
in addition , for " myxococcus xanthus " a - motility ( one of the two motility mechanisms this bacterium has ) two other mechanisms have been proposed , one involving ejection of a polysaccharide slime from nozzles at either end of the body and the other using " focal adhesion complexes " distributed along the cell body .
and the material improves wet adhesion 15-fold compared with uncoated pillar arrays and the so - called “ geckel ” tape adheres through 1,000
finally , many of these signaling processes can be regulated by matrix metalloproteinases ( mmps ) as the targets of many mmps are these specific cell - adhesion molecules .
heliconia"s have special sticky threads that help in the adhesion of pollen to smooth structures such as the bill of a hummingbird .
they occur in the subpleural area and result from shearing forces at sites of transpleural adhesion .
the working fluid flows between the disks and transfers its energy to the rotor by means of the boundary layer effect or adhesion and viscosity rather than by impulse or reaction .
success of bonding adhesion is critically influenced by differences of crystallinity and young 's modulus .
many thin film metal combinations have been evaluated for their adhesion and diffusion barrier properties .
the signaling induced following type iv pilus mediated adhesion is responsible for the formation of microvilli - like structures at the site of the bacterial - cell interaction .
stigmas also ensure proper adhesion of the correct species of pollen .
talin also binds with high affinity to vinculin , another cytoskeletal protein concentrated at points of cell adhesion .
trypsin , an enzyme commonly found in the digestive tract , can be used to " digest " the proteins that facilitate adhesion to the container and between cells .
recent data suggest the glycocalyx participates in cell adhesion , lymphocyte homing , and many others .
hmgb1 can induce dendritic cell maturation via upregulation of cd80 , cd83 , cd86 and cd11c , induce production of other pro - inflammatory cytokines in myeloid cells ( il-1 , tnf - a , il-6 , il-8 ) as well as upregulate expression of cell adhesion molecules ( icam-1 , vcam-1 ) on endothelial cells .
his most celebrated article , " contracts of adhesion —
the adhesion of the wheels to the rails was so light , that even minor variations in the roadbed would cause either the forward or rearward duplex engines to slip .
the attachment of the cell takes place through formation of cell adhesion complexes , which consist of integrins and many cytoplasmic proteins such as talin , vinculin , paxillin , and alpha - actinin .
the essence of free climbing is that , although gear may be used to protect a climber in the event of a fall , the actual " climbing " is being done without the help of any artificial device 's adhesion to the rock .
the disk prevents the worm from going too deep into the cork , forces the cork to turn with the turning of the crosspiece , and thus breaks the adhesion between the cork and the neck of the bottle .
adhesion is the attraction between water to other substances and cohesion is the attraction of the molecules in water to each other .
steel structures , for example , will rust and the rust to ice adhesion is very strong .
on contact with a surface , adhesion forces result in wetting of the surface : either complete or incomplete wetting may occur depending on the structure of the surface and the fluid tension of the droplet .
copper also easily reacts with oxygen but its oxides have poor adhesion properties .
it interacts with other adhesion molecules , such as lymphocyte function - associated antigen-3 ( lfa-3/cd58 ) in humans , or cd48 in rodents , which are expressed on the surfaces of other cells .
fibronectins are involved in a number of important functions e.g. , wound healing ; cell adhesion ; blood coagulation ; cell differentiation and migration ; maintenance of the cellular cytoskeleton ; and tumour metastasis .
" clearly slavery in an arabian satrapy is not as “ contractual ” a relationship as is a contract to work in an american corporation … nor is an adhesion contract for goods sold by a high - pressured [ sic . ]
judge robreno agreed and held that the terms of service was a contract of adhesion , noting that the terms of service was presented by linden lab on a " take - it - or - leave - it - basis . "
wheel on steel characterised monorails of this early era , just as it does conventional railways , although some bicycle railways could react against the stabilizing rail to increase adhesion , improving acceleration , braking and hill climbing .
specific concentrations of paf may be necessary for optimal neuronal migration by influencing cell morphology adhesion properties .
research has also been directed towards studying the surface chemistry of these arrays to determine which surface chemistries control cell adhesion .
gpiib - iiia facilitates platelet - platelet adhesion during amplification .
integrins on rolling leukocytes bind endothelial cellular adhesion molecules , arresting cell movement .
but how well does this anti - adhesion activity translate into prevention of urinary tract infections ?
the ojibwe chiefs who were not in attendance to the treaty of prairie du chien agreed to its adhesion .
types of human proteins known to undergo tyrosine sulfation include adhesion molecules , g - protein - coupled receptors , coagulation factors , serine protease inhibitors , extracellular matrix proteins , and hormones .
the frame was longer than the k3 , with a design boiler pressure of giving a tractive effort of , and an estimated factor of adhesion of 3.92 .
aluminum provides good conductivity , adhesion and reliability because of its oxygen reactivity and the self - passivation properties of its oxide .
hence the main concerns for defects are water left behind ( watermarks ) and loss of resist - water adhesion ( air gap ) .
the strength of adhesion by the dispersive mechanism depends on a variety of factors including : chemical structure of the molecules involved in the adhesive system , the degree to which coatings wet each other , and the surface roughness at the interface .
however , ' steric chaperones ' directly assist in the folding of specific proteins by providing essential steric information , e.g. prodomains of bacterial proteases , lipase - specific foldases , or chaperones in fimbrial adhesion systems .
studies suggest a putative role in the regulation of events downstream of cell - matrix adhesion , perhaps involving cytoskeletal reorganization .
in vitro data also suggest that activated protein c may exert an anti - inflammatory effect by inhibiting tumor necrosis factor production , by blocking leukocyte adhesion to selectins , and by limiting the thrombin - induced inflammatory responses within the microvascular endothelium .
" generation of polar groups . " oxidation of the polymer is responsible for the increase in polar groups which is directly related to the adhesion properties of the polymer surface .
major types of wear include abrasion , adhesion ( friction ) , erosion , and corrosion .
nymphal stages of grassatores and some insidiatores feature additional structures on the latter two pairs of tarsi , which probably allow adhesion to smooth surfaces during molting , as they are not present in adults .
cd302 is a c - type lectin receptor involved in cell adhesion and migration , as well as endocytosis and phagocytosis .
key among these , are postsynaptic density-95 ( psd95 ) , neuroligin ( a cellular adhesion molecule ) nmda receptors , ampa receptors , calcium / calmodulin - dependent protein kinase ii and actin .
cell adhesion to the ecm .
in dispersive adhesion , also known as physisorption , two materials are held together by van der waals forces : the attraction between two molecules , each of which has a regions of slight positive and negative charge .
for example , instead of just making a fluorescent protein , a gene network may switch on an adhesion molecule so that cells stick to each other , or activate a motility system so that cells move .
these catenin - presenilin interaction have implications for cadherin function and regulation of cell - to - cell adhesion .
it is suggested that this type of binding promotes cell adhesion and invasion and helps defend against the complement system .
adhesion testing in the paint and coating industries is necessary to ensure the paint or coating will adhere properly to the substrates to which they are applied .
measures against reduced adhesion due to leaves include application of ' sandite ' ( a gel - sand mix ) by special sanding trains , scrubbers and water jets , and long - term management of railside vegetation .
the production locomotives differed in detail in their streamlined casings , and in the suspension in an attempt to increase adhesion .
sample loss at trace levels may be due to adhesion to container walls and filter surface sites by ionic or electrostatic adsorption , as well as metal foils and glass slides .
adhesion , the attachment between adhesive and substrate may occur either by mechanical means , in which the adhesive works its way into small pores of the substrate , or by one of several chemical mechanisms .
when the scopulae are splayed out and placed against a surface , remarkable adhesion is produced due to the van der waals force , which is an attractive force acting between individual molecules .
later , along with his students he laid the foundations of our current understanding of membrane adhesion .
it was natural to neglect adhesion in that age as there were no experimental methods of testing for it .
adam17 was the first ' sheddase ' to be identified , and is also understood to play a role in the release of a diverse variety of membrane - anchored cytokines , cell adhesion molecules , receptors , ligands , and enzymes .
in 2003 the european commission asked for the permission of the council of ministers to negotiate the adhesion of the european union to the regulations of the ccnr and the commission of the danube , especially given the prospective enlargement of the eu .
soluble cell adhesion molecules .
in low concentrations , 5 - 10% as is found in many over the counter products , glycolic acid reduces cell adhesion in the top layer of the skin .
some systems also offer an additional mode with raised thresholds so that a driver can utilize the limits of adhesion with less electronic intervention .
levels of interleukin-12 ( il-12 ) , which at high levels might antagonize the proinflammatory il-12 receptor , were elevated over 18 months of treatment , as were levels of soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 ( vcam-1 ) .
fibronectin are components of the basal lamina and promote neurite growth and adhesion of the growth come to the basal lamina .
the members of the l1-family in humans are called l1 or l1cam , chl1 ( close homologue of l1 ) , neurofascin and nrcam ( ngcam related cell adhesion molecule ) . l1
this should not be surprising considering that tsp1 interacts with at least 12 cell adhesion receptors , including cd36 , αv integrins , β1 integrins , syndecan , and integrin - associated protein ( iap or cd47 ) .
according to that classification system , ge 6/6 denotes a narrow gauge electric adhesion locomotive with a total of six axles , all of which are drive axles .
glycosylation may play a role in cell - cell adhesion ( a mechanism employed by cells of the immune system ) , as well .
new rolling stock of the gtw type ( be 2/6 7001 - 7004 ) was to be used on both cev adhesion vevey – blonay and mob montreux – les avants line .
the ml 4000s and diesel - hydraulic locomotives in general began to be phased out in the late 1960s , as american locomotive technology progressed and more power with better adhesion control was able to be generated by single - engine diesel - electric locomotives .
amine oxidase , copper containing 3 ( vascular adhesion protein 1 ) , also known as semicarbazide - sensitive amine oxidase ( ssao , copper - containing amine : oxygen oxidoreductase ) , is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the " aoc3 " gene .
these act by regulating kinases such as fak ( focal adhesion kinase ) and src kinase family members to phosphorylate substrates such as p130cas thereby recruiting signaling adaptors such as crk .
diamond mp , hershlag a. adhesion formation / reformation .
for burnished gilding the work must be covered with various coats of gluten , plaster and bole , which last is mixed with gold size to secure the adhesion of the leaf .
nobody believed that steel wheels on smooth steel rails would give enough adhesion until stephenson and hedley proved otherwise in 1813 and even the former considered 1 in 100 was the absolute maximum grade .
adhesion between the resist and the template is controlled to allow proper release .
during his early career in the laboratory of molecular biology , pastan was responsible for early work on cancer cell abnormal adhesion and motility .
tnc is an adhesion - modulating extracellular matrix glycoprotein .
the gases drag on the disk by means of viscosity and the adhesion of the surface layer of the gas .
though this strategy markedly improves upon prior adhesion , it is still less than ideal .
they require dry , clean surface during application to gain adhesion .
the shell and the tensioning hoop were realized in steel and aluminium ; in particular , the tensioning hoop was made stiffer while the height was reduced and the adhesion surface increased .
in the cases where the contact angle is low , more adhesion is present .
in addition films can be made of biological materials ( yang et al . , 2002 ) to improve cell adhesion or study the properties of biofilms .
john blenkinsop the colliery 's viewer , or manager , had decided that an engine light enough not to break the cast iron track would not have sufficient adhesion , bearing in mind the heavy load of coal wagons and the steep track gradient .
adhesion is the tendency of certain dissimilar molecules to cling together .
antiadherents are used to reduce the adhesion between the powder ( granules ) and the punch faces and thus prevent sticking to tablet punches .
on sheet steel , a ground coat layer is put on first to create adhesion .
biomimcry of the leukocyte ’s selectin - integrin cell arrest system has also been investigated in the context of improving microbubble adhesion efficiency at the university of virginia ( rychak " et al . " ,
as one of the few remaining passenger cars with body - on - frame construction , it is rugged , and enables repairs after minor accidents without the need to straighten the chassis – an important benefit for a car frequently used by police forces for pit maneuvers , a maneuver in which the back left or back right corner of a fleeing vehicle is gently pushed with the front left or front right corner of the chase vehicle , disrupting tire adhesion on the fleeing vehicle with the goal of causing the fleeing vehicle to rotate and decelerate .
for example , one of the most abundant and important cell adhesion molecules in the animal kingdom , cadherin , exists in choanoflagellates .
if the work of adhesion is greater than the work of cohesion , then the two materials are thermodynamically favored to adhere .
it is expressed on all leukocytes but highest on thymocytes and is believed to augment t - cell adhesion , apoptosis of double positive t cells , and participates in migration and activation .
unit runs are often performed to mark an anniversary , holiday , or simply to maintain comradarie / adhesion within the unit .
liquid also adheres to the image sensor by intermolecular force and such molecules adhere strongly due to their ability to get closer to the adhesion surface , making it harder for dust reduction systems to remove these type of contaminants completely .
tgf-β3 is believed to regulate molecules involved in cellular adhesion and extracellular matrix ( ecm ) formation during the process of palate development .
while both are a consequence of capillary condensation , adhesion implies that the two particles or surfaces will not be able to separate without a large amount of force applied , or complete integration , as in sintering ; bridging implies the formation of a meniscus that brings two surfaces or particles in contact with each other without direct integration or loss of individuality .
it is by this adhesion that the fetus receives the oxygen and the nutrients from the mother to be able to grow .
it binds to the epithelial cell adhesion molecule ( epcam - cd326 ) .
" two distinct functions – 1st that of traction by adhesion as in an ordinary loco ; 2nd that of traction by pinions acting on the track bars .
this powder is added to a vehicle ( or binder ) , a relatively neutral or colorless material that suspends the pigment and gives the paint its adhesion .
intercellular adhesion molecule 3 ( icam3 ) also known as cd50 ( cluster of differentiation 50 ) , is a human gene .
due to an interplay of the forces of adhesion and surface tension , water exhibits capillary action whereby water rises into a narrow tube against the force of gravity .
early cell adhesion is very important for preventing cell degeneration ; the longer cells are suspended in culture , the more likely they are to degenerate .
because tracheids have a much higher surface to volume ratio compared to vessel elements , they serve to hold water against gravity ( by adhesion ) when transpiration is not occurring .
macrolides also reduce the efficiency of adhesion molecules that allow neutrophils to stick to bronchiolar tissue linings .
