designed by the admiralty , " viper " was a half - sister to hms " vixen " and hms " waterwitch " , and all three were built mostly as experimental vessels .
colbeck was carrying firm instructions from the admiralty that , if " discovery " could not be freed by a certain date she was to be abandoned and her complement brought home on the two relief ships .
she was purchased by the admiralty on 5 december 1874 and converted for exploration , commissioning on 13 april 1875 .
hms " verdun " was an admiralty v destroyer of the royal navy which saw service in the first and second world wars .
in late may , " spangler " sailed from tulagi to the admiralty islands with a supply of hedgehog depth charges for her sister destroyer escorts , and .
the admiralty had proposed an active british role in the pacific in early 1944 but the initial usn response had been discouraging .
the airfield was transferred to the admiralty by raf coastal command in 1944 , as a satellite of hms tern at twatt in orkney .
chabrier rock ( ) is a rock which lies 0.5 miles ( 0.8 km ) southwest of vaureal peak in the east side of the entrance to admiralty bay , king george island , in the south shetland islands .
he was a lord of the admiralty from april 1782 to april 1783 , leaving office on the fall of shelburne 's administration , and once again under william pitt the younger from december 1783 until 1788 .
the " moldavia " was purchased by the admiralty in 1915 and converted into an armed merchant cruiser .
the admiralty held tomkinson accountable for the mutiny , blaming him for failing to punish dissidents after the first protests .
it was also the case that lord st. vincent did not like popham , and that benjamin tucker ( 1762 - 1829 ) , secretary to the admiralty , who had been the admiral 's secretary , was his creature and sycophant .
in 1917 the post of controller of the navy was revived , but as a separate civilian position with a seat on the board of admiralty .
first flown in 1912 , it was sold to the admiralty for £ 1,050 and it became his majesty 's naval airship no . 2 .
though the " admiralty have been desirous that the money should be spent on the object for which it is voted , but that it has been prevented by a delay with the contractor . "
he held many high offices during the reigns of elizabeth and james i , including a judgeship of the admiralty court ( 1584 ) , a mastership in chancery ( 1588 ) , treasurer of the inner temple in 1593 and a mastership of the court of requests ( 1595 ) .
after leaving the university he entered doctors ' commons , and from 1842 practised in the ecclesiastical and admiralty courts .
he then became naval assistant to the first sea lord , admiral sir rosslyn wemyss ( whose flagship the " charybdis " had been ) , at the admiralty in london , with the rank of acting captain .
in 1891 the castle was transferred from the war office to the admiralty .
admiralty law governing relations between entities that operate vessels on the oceans is dealt with by special courts .
the earliest instance of a licensed reprisal recorded in england was in the year 1295 under the reign of edward i. the notion of reprisal , and behind it that just war involved avenging a wrong , clung to the letter of marque until 1620 in england , where to apply for a letter of marque a shipowner had to submit to the admiralty court an estimate of his actual losses .
with the onset of war the admiralty was seriously concerned by germany ’s magnetic mines , which attached to ships’ hulls and sank 15 ships in short order .
the current statute dealing with the admiralty jurisdiction of the england and wales high court in pakistan is the supreme court act , 1981 ( sec.20 - 24,37 ) .
the title viscount monsell , of leicester in the county of leicestershire , was created in the peerage of the united kingdom in 1939 for first lord of the admiralty paul cooper eyres - monsell .
lord mersey and smith immediately realised that the evidence had been falsified by the admiralty and refused to proceed .
the british admiralty commended her for probable damage to a german u - boat .
vice - admiral vernon was an active and ardent supporter of war against spain and spoke for offensive action both in parliament and before the admiralty .
around 1875 they produced six 1'6 " gauge 2 - 4 - 2 trench engines for the admiralty using henry handyside 's steep gradient apparatus .
four such airships were originally ordered by the admiralty , but orders for three of them ( " r39 " , " r40 " and " r41 " ) were cancelled after the armistice with germany and work on the lead ship of the class , " r38 " , continued only after the united states navy had agreed to purchase her .
napoleon died on st helena in 1821 and the admiralty wanted to withdraw the garrison .
these goods ca n't be produced within a province but have to be imported by means of an admiralty , the upgraded version of a harbour .
on 1 november 1875 , under the supreme court of judicature act 1873 and the supreme court of judicature act 1875 , the judge of the court of probate was transferred , as its president , to the probate , divorce and admiralty division of the high court of justice .
in that year , on attaining the age of sixty - five , he was placed on the retired list and resigned his post at the admiralty .
the machinery was changed to eight admiralty 3 drum boilers with four parsons steam turbines producing a total of 80,000 shp .
he was the fifth sea lord that was historically one of the naval lords and members of the board of admiralty that controlled the royal navy .
he served as a lord of the admiralty in 1827 and as secretary to the board of control under lord grey between 1830 and 1831 .
the baby was designed to meet an admiralty requirement for a single seat floatplane or flying boat fighter , capable of operating from the royal navy 's seaplane carriers , demanding a speed of 110 mph ( 177 km / h ) and a ceiling of 20,000 ft ( 6,100 m ) .
" town " class refers to the admiralty renaming these ships after towns common to the united states and the british commonwealth .
the admiralty disliked her merchant name , and hms " empire audacity " was renamed hms " audacity " on 31 july 1941 .
maturin and aubrey also meet andrew wray again - second secretary to the admiralty , who has been sent to malta to sort out dockyard corruption .
the following year he was appointed a lord - in - waiting ( government whip in the house of lords ) in william ewart gladstone 's first administration , a post he held until 1870 , and then served as a civil lord of the admiralty from 1870 to 1874 .
the aircraft was eventually flown with a variety of engines , with the final engine fit ( a 70 hp ( 52 kw ) gnome rotary ) the aircraft was bought in 1914 by the admiralty and operated by the rnas from great yarmouth on non - operational duties .
the admiralty of zeeland was one of the five admiralties of the navy of the dutch republic , made up of zeeland .
thus was established the admiralty aerodrome at manston .
after the problems encountered by the 1874–76 north pole expedition led by george nares , and nares 's own declaration that the north pole was " impracticable " , the admiralty decided that further polar quests would be dangerous , expensive and futile .
historians vary slightly in which acts they include under the heading " townshend acts " , but five laws are frequently mentioned : the revenue act of 1767 , the indemnity act , the commissioners of customs act , the vice admiralty court act , and the new york restraining act .
the admiralty had insisted on a clear span over the river , with the bridge a minimum of above high tide .
from 1914 to may 1917 , he managed " room 40 " , the admiralty intelligence department of cryptanalysis , responsible predominantly for the decryption of intercepted german naval messages .
he was three times first lord of the admiralty , including during the second world war , and then minister of defence under clement attlee .
in 1988 , the us firm admiralty pacific proposed to use the bokak lagoon as a dump for millions of tons of solid waste .
the court found that the national historic preservation act of 1966 was to be applied to submerged shipwreck sites as it is to historic sites on land , no longer allowing plundering by individuals using marine salvage and admiralty law to profiteer from the non - archaeological salvage of a historic shipwreck in national park grounds .
in england in january 1806 bass was listed by the admiralty as lost at sea and later that year elizabeth was granted an annuity from the widows ' fund , back dated to when bass 's half - pay had ended in june 1803 .
in 1940 , he was made commander of all home - seas - based submarines , even though he was far more senior in rank than the cinc submarines had traditionally been , because of a new admiralty regulation that the cinc submarines had to be an officer who had served aboard submarines in the great war .
he held the office of third sea lord of the admiralty and controller of the navy from 1 november 1928 to 1 march 1932 .
kendy manipulates a group into making contact with " the admiralty " , a neighboring civilization at gold 's l4 lagrange point ( which they refer to as " the clump " ) .
three days later , she moved on again , this time to manus in the admiralty islands where she stopped overnight on the 26 august and 27 august .
while the admiralty became a much more political body , the navy board became populated by men who had learnt their trade during the formative years of the establishment system .
during this time he wrote a report on punishments within the navy , which was forwarded by his commander to the admiralty .
this plan was cancelled after the evacuation from narvik and the ship was then laid up until requisitioned by the admiralty , first for training of naval cadets but then for cable work around the african coast .
admiralty lake was a proglacial lake in the basin of what is now lake ontario .
hough was a recognized expert in admiralty law .
he commanded the " prince george " in the disastrous battle of ushant on 27 july 1778 and , after giving evidence against sir hugh palliser to the ensuing courts martial , he resigned straight after keppel and refused to accept any command during lord sandwich 's administration of the admiralty , thus missing the american war of independence .
he was assigned to the admiralty 's submarine tracking room ( part of the operational intelligence centre - oic ) , though still a civilian .
first lord of the admiralty .
the spanish armament in 1790 led to the admiralty ordering the manning and storing of a large number of ships in preparation for war .
a similar proposal was working its way through the army ghq in france and in june the landship committee was made a joint service venture between the war office and the admiralty .
these potential advantages were well understood by the british admiralty , but it was not convinced that the propeller was an effective propulsion system .
finally , in 2008 , it became an open stock company - oao " admiralty wharves " .
he wrote the staff requirement for the buccaneer strike aircraft and steered it through the admiralty board .
staines sent a party ashore and wrote a detailed report for the admiralty .
leopold stennett amery , defending the admiralty memorandum , vindicated the administration of the board from a charge which was either one of gross incompetence or complete indifference to the national need for economy .
in 1756 , he became a midshipman on the " weststellingerwerf " and on 16 march 1758 a lieutenant , in the admiralty of amsterdam , on the " maarssen " .
the local residents demanded that the british admiralty strip lieutenant goldsmith of his royal navy commission unless he restored the boulder to its previous position at his own expense .
during the reign of william and mary , he served as lord high admiral ( 1689 ) and then first lord of the admiralty ( 1689–1690 ) .
on 24 august 1875 he began a second swim by diving in from the admiralty pier at dover .
on 16 november , the warship laid in a course for the admiralty islands .
however , along with vice admiral august von thomsen ( commander of the first naval division in wilhelmshaven ) , he strongly opposed the solution diederichs proposed : a major increase in the size of the admiralty staff , the creation of a separate intelligence section , and the removal of the naval war college ( marineacademie ) to berlin .
kai yuan holdings limited is based in admiralty , hong kong .
there was debate within the admiralty over the choice of gun calibre ; though there was little or no debate within parliament ; other european powers preferred 15 inch , and the usn , 16 inch main guns .
the origins of the lsm(r ) can be traced to a british admiralty lend lease request for special amphibious transports to land tanks for the invasion of france .
in 1876 he served on the admiralty torpedo committee .
the church has a close relationship with the royal family , whose parish church it is , as well as with 10 downing street and the admiralty .
by order of kaiser wilhelm i the northern german federal navy department of the north german confederation ( 1866 - 71 ) , which had been formed from the prussian navy department ( marineministerium ) , became on 1 january 1872 the german imperial admiralty ( kaiserliche admiralität ) .
grenville 's cousin william windham served as secretary of state for war and the colonies , and his younger brother , thomas grenville , served briefly as first lord of the admiralty .
" plastic metal " , was a type of vehicle armour originally developed for merchant ships by the british admiralty in 1940 .
notable among them was uss " mount hood " , which exploded in the admiralty islands on november 10 , 1944 .
on the evening of 29 may 1839 she was anchored in the cove of cork , ireland when napier received urgent orders from the admiralty to proceed at once to malta in view of the imminent probability of war with egypt .
in 1941 he joined the australian navy and was posted at naval intelligence of the admiralty in london , then serving in the soviet union as an officer .
an investigation was launched by the admiralty , but all were exonerated on testimony that they were the victim of a strange current .
unfortunately for the germans , the british admiralty had intelligence reports of the departure of the submarines which , coupled with an absence of attacks on shipping , aroused british suspicions .
legge only shared temporarily in the downfall of walpole , and became in quick succession surveyor - general of woods and forests , a lord of the admiralty , and a lord of the treasury .
on the 11th , " shamrock bay " continued west , and , delivering planes to johnston island en route , arrived at seeadler harbor , on manus in the admiralty islands , on the 22nd to join the 7th fleet .
this decision was appealed to the supreme court based on that court 's admiralty jurisdiction .
in quebec , he also served as advocate general for the court of vice - admiralty .
instead a friend of murray 's father , captain george montagu arranged for him to draw up a record of his service and good conduct in the north america , which was then passed on to the first lord of the admiralty , john montagu , 4th earl of sandwich .
three sills are particularly significant — the one at admiralty inlet which checks the flow of water between the strait of juan de fuca and puget sound , the one at the entrance to hood canal ( about below the surface ) , and the one at the tacoma narrows ( about ) .
the admiralty had concern over the availability of oil stocks in the event of a war , so the " beagles " were coal - burners , the last british destroyers to be so fueled .
from 1808 to 1814 wreningham hosted a station in the shutter telegraph chain which connected the admiralty in london to its naval ships in the port of great yarmouth .
on british admiralty charts , the islands are labelled " houtman 's rocks " .
the united kingdom hydrographic office is located on admiralty way .
after two years and no word from the expedition , franklin 's wife urged the admiralty to send a search party .
on 5 july 1790 , carrasco sighted admiralty inlet , the entrance to puget sound .
however , the extravagance of these decorations began to reach the point of flamboyance , and an admiralty directive in the early 1700s restricted the amount that could be spent , and eventually banned it outright .
from 1935 to 1938 he was also director of torpedoes and mining at the admiralty .
shortly after his promotion to lieutenant , manners again began to appeal to the admiralty for preferment .
between 1903 and 1918 he worked at the admiralty .
" vanguard " was unique among british battleships in having remote power control ( rpc ) for main , secondary and the tertiary guns along with the admiralty fire control table mk x for surface fire control of the main armament .
in london the admiralty citadel is one of the most sturdy above ground structures built during world war ii .
the british admiralty failed to respond effectively to the german offensive .
he was largely employed on training duties in various establishments around portsmouth until on 11 july 1910 , he was appointed to the crew that took the light cruiser hmcs " rainbow " to canada , one of two warships purchased by canada from the british admiralty .
the proposal was initially resisted by the remainder of the board of admiralty , but fisher convinced them of the benefits of the changes .
his report to the british admiralty carried shocking and unwelcome evidence that cannibalism had been a last resort for some of the survivors .
the work was finished in early october , and " alhena " got underway on the 13th bound for the admiralty islands .
nevertheless , philip returned to the navy after his honeymoon , at first in a desk job at the admiralty , and later on a staff course at the naval staff college , greenwich .
kolpino was also home to an iron foundry of the russian admiralty .
he remained president of the probate , divorce and admiralty division for nine years , until he was appointed a life peer as baron simon of glaisdale ' " , of glaisdale in the north riding of the county of yorkshire in february 1971 .
named by united kingdom antarctic place - names committee ( uk - apc ) for george e. hemmen , executive secretary of the scientific committee on antarctic research , 1972 ; he served with falkland islands dependencies survey ( fids ) as meteorological observer at admiralty bay , 1952 - 53 , and base leader at deception island , 1953 - 54 , and with the royal society antarctic expedition , 1956 .
admiralty island lies to the west and south , across the stephens passage .
list of lords commissioners of the admiralty .
independent & admiralty quarries are two quarries on the isle of portland , dorset .
departing the admiralty islands on 17 january 1946 , the attack cargo ship arrived at san francisco on 5 february .
a liberal and member of parliament from 1826 to 1866 , wood served as chancellor of the exchequer in lord john russell 's government ( 1846–1852 ) , as president of the board of control under lord aberdeen ( 1852–1855 ) , as first lord of the admiralty in lord palmerston 's first administration ( 1855 - 1858 ) , and as secretary of state for india in palmerston 's second government ( 1859–1866 ) .
the port napier was taken over by the admiralty during its construction and converted to lay mines .
the citadel was designed to be an away - from - whitehall base for admiralty operations , useful in the event of a need to evacuate the centre of london .
the british admiralty confiscated and auctioned off the war booty of art to defray the costs of the expedition .
the w.b.iv was designed to meet admiralty specification n.1a for a naval land or ship based fighter aircraft .
initially designed as training vessels , they were effective enough to persuade the admiralty to expand the class , and improve their offensive capabilities to pose a more effective threat to enemy shipping .
aylen then moved to flensburg with orders to gather evidence on technical aid supplied by germany to japan , and was involved in the questioning of the remaining senior member of the german admiralty .
at first the dominant figures in the management of the war were winston churchill ( first lord of the admiralty ) and the eminent field - marshal lord kitchener , who had taken over the war office from asquith himself .
a few were sent out on scouting duties in the actions that would lead up to the battle of the downs , including a " roeifregat " ( galley ) from the frisian admiralty , the " rotterdam " , under command of captain joris pieters van den broeck .
soon , the british were operating a network of listening posts called " y - stations " , with admiralty room 40 doing the traffic analysis and cryptanalysis .
he was promoted to captain at the beginning of 1953 and then spent two years as naval attaché in moscow , also covering warsaw and helsinki where he alerted the admiralty to the potential growth of the soviet navy .
in the army , he could appoint officers by himself ; in the navy only affirm appointments of the five admiralty councils .
charles darwin requested the lords of the admiralty to ask capt .
during the first world war , however , he went back temporarily to the admiralty , being commissioned as a temporary lieutenant in the army and receiving an obe in 1918 .
in the mid 2nd millennium bc a distinctive culture appeared suddenly in north - west melanesia , in the bismarck archipelago , the chain of islands forming a great arch from new britain to the admiralty islands .
” refers to the practice of parliament giving the admiralty courts jurisdiction to enforce the stamp act in the american colonies .
it is near the keystone ferry landing , a dock for the washington state ferries route to port townsend that provides a maritime link for state route 20 across admiralty inlet .
before this act , there was just one vice admiralty court in north america , located in halifax , nova scotia .
in september 1914 , " viola " was requisitioned by the admiralty , renamed " viola iii " ( fy 614 ) armed with a 3 pound gun and moved to shetland , patrolling
it was the intention of the admiralty that these ships were to named after captains that served with vice - admiral horatio nelson at the battle of trafalgar but as building continued , it became necessary to delve back further into history for names of admirals and captains of reputation .
the kaiserlichen oberkommando der marine was , on 14 march 1899 , replaced by the german imperial admiralty staff which simply transferred over most of the personnel of the admiral staff detachment of the oberkommando der marine .
on 12 august 1915 , vaughan - lee was promoted to rear admiral and on 8 september he was selected to be the director of the admiralty 's air department .
from 1888 to 1892 hicks beach returned to active work as president of the board of trade , and in 1895 , goschen being transferred to the admiralty , he again became chancellor of the exchequer .
it took jones some years to convince the british admiralty of the benefits of using the new flour in preference to the hard biscuits to which sailors were accustomed .
in september , villeneuve was ordered to sail for naples and attack british shipping in the mediterranean , but he was initially unwilling to move and continued in blatant disregard of superior admiralty orders .
the secretary of the admiralty , samuel pepys , subsequently ordered the construction of a naval dockyard at sheerness as an extension to that at chatham , where naval ships would be maintained and repaired .
knox was recruited to the royal navy 's codebreaking effort in room 40 of the admiralty old building during world war i.
the extent of any award is determined later ; although the standard wording refers to the chairman of lloyd 's arbitrating any award , in practice the role of arbitrator is passed to specialist admiralty qcs .
the latter year he moved to the admiralty as controller with the rank of honorary vice - admiral , charged with developing and utilizing the shipbuilding resources and concentrating them under one authority .
on christmas eve 1917 , admiral jellicoe was rather abruptly dismissed as first sea lord by the new first lord of the admiralty , sir eric campbell geddes and was succeeded by admiral rosslyn wemyss - who was to be present as the british representative when the germans were granted an armistice by the allied generalissimo , marshal foch , in november 1918 .
in october , after repairs at the naval base at manus island in the admiralty islands , the uss " white plains " headed for the invasion of the philippines at leyte .
the admiralty 's next sea - going mastless turret - ship design " devastation " solved these problems by having very large coal bunkers , and put the 35 ton guns in turrets on a breastwork .
the case was heard by sir alfred stephen , who was the chief justice of new south wales , and held the appointment of judge commissary in the vice - admiralty court .
he held the fort under siege for five months , before the admiralty ordered him to evacuate .
mars aircraft distinguished themselves in pre - war passenger - carrying feats and reliability trials , and were purchased by both the german military and the british admiralty , which purchased an example for the rnas .
in fact early editions of the british navy 's " admiralty handbook of wireless telegraphy " cover this in considerable detail , mostly as an explanation as to why " the navy " did not use that particular technology .
though this project had been discussed by the board of trade , the admiralty and the owner ( macleod of macleod ) for many years , it was only really the petition of the community and their minister and the creation of the cdb that prompted action .
she then patrolled in the admiralty islands without making a single contact and terminated her ninth patrol at pearl harbor on 10 october , continuing on to mare island navy yard for shipyard overhaul .
his son , the fifth viscount , represented several constituencies in the house of commons and held office as first lord of the admiralty from 1693 to 1694 .
with the start of the world war , he organized an air cadet training corps , then joined the operational research group at the admiralty .
once captured , any enemy vessel would be subjected to what was known as a vice court of admiralty , generally held on the island the privateer originated from .
the new zealand government placed the new zealand division of the royal navy at the admiralty 's disposal and made available to the raf 30 new wellington medium bombers waiting in the united kingdom for shipping to new zealand .
the despatches and news of the latest sighting were rushed to lord barham at the admiralty , who instructed a reinforced fleet under vice - admiral robert calder to attempt to intercept the combined fleet as it arrived off cape finisterre .
in the summer of 1944 gretton moved to the admiralty staff , where he remained for the rest of the war .
gambier signed his dispatch on 7 september onboard flagship hms " prince of wales " ; " surveillante " sailed directly from the copenhagen road to london , where collier delivered the dispatch to the admiralty office in person on 16 september , 1807 .
admiralty bay ( south shetland islands ) .
after a year as captain of hms " implacable " in the mediterranean , during which he spectacularly defeated a larger opposing force during naval exercises , louis was appointed as director of naval intelligence in november 1902 , an apt posting for a man that first lord of the admiralty the earl of selborne described as " the cleverest sailor i have met yet " .
from 1765 to 1766 , he briefly served as a lord of the admiralty .
reporting in at manus island in the admiralty islands late in the month , she received orders to join the escort of a supply convoy bound for the newly invaded philippines .
consequently , admiralty cases brought in state courts can be tried before a jury .
by the act of 1873 the court of chancery , the court of queen 's bench ( or king 's bench , when there is a king ) , the court of common pleas , the court of exchequer , the high court of admiralty , the court of probate and the court of divorce and matrimonial causes were consolidated into one supreme court of judicature ( s 3 ) , divided into two permanent divisions , called " the high court , " with ( speaking broadly ) original jurisdiction , and " the court of appeal " ( s 4 ) .
at a cabinet meeting on may 3 , 1939 , the first lord of admiralty , lord stanhope stated that " at the present time germany was building ships as fast as she could but that she would not be able to exceed the 35 per cent ratio before 1942 or 1943 " .
" belknap " remained at lingayen making emergency repairs until 18 january when " hidatsa " ( atf-102 ) towed her to manus , admiralty islands .
these sailors became indispensable to the running of the ship and were rewarded with an admiralty warrant .
after completing 8 round voyages as a boer war transport , she was acquired by canadian pacific in 1903 and was converted to carry 1000 x 3rd class passengers the following year . requisitioned by the admiralty in 1914 and was converted to a dummy battleship mimicking .
because of its elevation , from 1796 to 1816 putney heath hosted a station in the shutter telegraph chain which connected the admiralty in london to its naval ships in portsmouth .
under the colonial courts of admiralty act 1890 , the british monarch had the ability to reserve certain legislation for his or her own consideration , rather than simply allowing the governor - general to give the royal assent on the monarch 's behalf .
in 1891 the admiralty took over upnor depot to use as a gun and ammunition store .
built as a fast cross - channel steamer for the south east and chatham railway co. , hms " empress " was requisitioned by the admiralty on 11 august 1914 and converted by chatham dockyard to carry and operate four seaplanes .
in may 1808 , following the death of alexander dalrymple , hurd was the second person to be appointed hydrographer to the admiralty .
the waters to be patrolled by the frisian admiralty were just these between the islands of ameland and schiermonnikoog and the coast , and the eems estuary east of groningen .
she was specifically designed and intended to be a ship of unusually shallow draught ; why this was so can not now be established , but it is a speculation the board of admiralty intended her for inshore use in the baltic sea , where ships of greater draught than hers can not come close to land without grounding .
mount leresche is a prominent mountain ( 2,040 m ) at the extreme north end of homerun range in the admiralty mountains , in the victoria land region of antarctica .
he was elected a member of parliament in 1868 and rose to the position of first lord of the admiralty less than ten years thereafter . because of his lack of military experience , he was perceived as a model for the character sir joseph porter in " h.m.s. pinafore " .
" ark royal " spent nearly two years in the builder 's yard before being launched on 13 april 1937 by lady maud hoare , wife of sir samuel hoare , then first lord of the admiralty .
two days later , he reported to the admiralty and was about to be arrested again , when he slipped out to combined operations headquarters , where he was greeted with astonishment .
lord longford served in the labour administrations of clement attlee and harold wilson as chancellor of the duchy of lancaster , first lord of the admiralty , lord privy seal , leader of the house of lords and secretary of state for the colonies .
in march 2003 she was given a reception in her honour by the governor - general , major general michael jeffery , at admiralty house , sydney .
the admiralty evaluated the type , but rejected it .
in 1646 , he became judge of the admiralty for north wales , and later served as puisne justice of the brecknock circuit ( 1655–1659 ) and judge advocate of the chester circuit ( 1660 ) .
in february 1914 he became assistant director of the naval intelligence division at the admiralty in london .
adriaan van der hoop was the son of joan cornelis van der hoop , secretary of the sociëteit van suriname , prosecutor for the admiralty of amsterdam and minister of the navy .
the admiralty were so impressed by the demonstrations that they adopted the weapon and purchased the rights to produce it in england .
when attlee formed his government after the 1945 general election , dugdale was made parliamentary and financial secretary to the admiralty .
the " bathurst " class corvettes were a class of minesweepers produced in australia during world war ii . 60 " bathurst " class corvettes in total were commissioned ; 36 for the royal australian navy ( ran ) , 20 for the british admiralty ( although ordered by the uk they were crewed by australians and commissioned into the ran ) , and 4 for the indian navy .
other specialist intelligence collection units , such as 30 assault unit sponsored by the naval intelligence division of the british admiralty , which operated across the entire allied area of operations , also made use of this weapon .
in 1944 , palliser was made fourth sea lord of the admiralty and chief of supplies and transport , a position he held until 1948 .
there are 14 schools within the n5 cluster zone ; the primary schools are admiralty , evergreen , marsiling , qihua , sembawang and woodlands ring , while the secondary schools are evergreen , marsiling , riverside , sembawang , woodlands and woodlands ring ; two other schools , the singapore sports school and innova junior college , are also within the cluster zone .
surrender of italian fleet 1943 ; aircraft maintenance and repair department , admiralty 1943 - 1947 ;
his practice in ecclesiastical and admiralty courts thenceforward grew rapidly .
in 1911 , churchill was transferred to the office of the first lord of the admiralty , a post he held into world war i. he gave impetus to several reform efforts , including development of naval aviation ( he undertook flying lessons himself ) , the construction of new and larger warships , the development of tanks , and the switch from coal to oil in the royal navy .
pro - walpole at first , berkeley was alienated from him by his brother lord berkeley 's dismissal from the post of first lord of the admiralty on the accession of george ii , and switched loyalties to pulteney .
on the southern , left bank of the neva , connected to the spit of vasilievsky island via the palace bridge , lie the admiralty building , the vast hermitage museum complex stretching along the palace embankment , which includes the baroque winter palace , former official residence of russian emperors , as well as the neoclassical marble palace .
the bullers were a prominent family in cornwall and devon , and edward 's father was member of parliament for east looe , a lord of the admiralty and later a lord of the treasury .
he became director of undersurface warfare in the admiralty for two years , then studied at the imperial defence college in 1961 .
the admiralty recognised that her slow speed meant the fleet would not be fast enough to force an engagement and also that without the " canopus " the fleet stood no chance against von spee , so cradock was told to use the " canopus " as " a citadel around which all our cruisers in those waters could find absolute security " .
it was used for more than 400 years ( as late as 1830 ) to hang pirates , smugglers and mutineers that had been sentenced to death by admiralty courts .
the ship was raised by the belgian government and presented to the admiralty in 1920 .
acting on admiralty orders moore required the spaniards to change their course and sail for england .
the lost arctic voyagers ” , " household words " , no . 248 ( december 23 , 1854 ) , and " dr. rae ’s report to the secretary of the admiralty " , " household words " , no . 249 ( december 30 , 1854 ) .
the ship was named for william francis cowper ( 1811 - 1888 ) , baron mount temple , an english politician and lord of the admiralty .
from 1877 to 1879 he was a junior lord of the admiralty , and from 1880 to 1882 he commanded the channel fleet , becoming vice - admiral on 23 july 1880 .
in 1913 , this part of the history of admiralty house came to a close when the last british admiral left the house and the royal australian navy took over responsibility for the naval defence of australia .
even after leaving the admiralty , the bolton political connections remained sufficiently strong to ensure his continued promotion .
the first lord of the admiralty believed canada could not be defended from a serious attack by the u.s. and winning it back later would be difficult and costly .
during world war ii , he was commissioned into the royal artillery , although a twisted foot kept him out of active service and he was transferred to the admiralty 's naval law branch .
having accepted office as civil lord of the admiralty , robert duff was returned unopposed at a by - election on 13 february 1886 .
she was hired by the admiralty on 13 march 1915 and was used as an armed merchant cruiser , serving in the 10th cruiser squadron .
in june 1698 , under orders from the lords of the admiralty , dummer undertook a plan to survey various harbours along the south coast of england , at a time when a new war with france was a real threat , and portsmouth would have been a major target .
in 1916 , the british admiralty placed a contract with frederick sage & co , a peterborough based woodworking company which had become an aircraft contractor for the royal navy , to design and build a primary trainer for the royal naval air service .
from 1930 to 1943 he was deputy director of the training and staff duties division of the admiralty naval staff .
she was designed to accommodate 1,379 passengers but the admiralty fixed her capacity at 200 officers and 2,860 men , besides crew , when she was commissioned in may 1915 .
in the admiralty chart this atoll is named after sir charles malcolm , commander of the bombay marine ( re - named the indian navy in 1832 ) .
at the outbreak of the second world war , matthews enlisted in the royal navy ; he was all set to join when he was switched to work as an accountant at the admiralty .
the idea was initially ignored until winston churchill , first lord of the admiralty , learned of it .
he was employed as a gardener at admiralty house in sydney from 1898 to 1908 and as the superintendent at federal government house , sydney until 1912 .
british 9.2 inch guns originated from a request by the admiralty in 1879 for a gun comparable to krupp 's 24 cm ( 9.45 inch ) gun at the time .
in 1702 , having moved to ireland , he was made judge of the admiralty , commissioner of the prizes , keeper of the records in birmingham 's tower , and vicar - general to dr. marsh , the primate .
the abc islands is the colloquial name for the alaskan islands of admiralty , baranof , and chichagof in the northern part of the alexander archipelago .
while the boats were prepared , riou wrote a letter to the secretary to the admiralty ;
347 is not of common law , but of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction .
calder 's apparent lack of aggression during the engagement off cape finisterre on 22 july , had caused the admiralty to recall him for a court martial and he would normally have been sent back to britain in a smaller ship .
the squadron was re - equipped with the blackburn skua and gloster gladiator in 1939 just before the squadron was transferred to the admiralty .
she was named for the pioneering hydrographer of the admiralty alexander dalrymple .
the british admiralty informed the press on 27 january 1942 and explained the rationale for withholding the news .
childers strengthened his own position as first lord by reducing the role of the board of admiralty to a purely formal one , making meetings rare and short and confining the naval lords rigidly to the administrative functions ...
upon completion of the unloading " pierce " went to manus , admiralty islands , which was reached 28 september .
he was named vice admiral in 1869 and served on the admiralty council ( conseil d'amirauté ) .
on 1 april , she headed back to manus in the admiralty islands .
until 29 october 1944 , " bache " operated with the 7th fleet taking part in the bombardment of new britain islands ( 26 december 1943 ) los negros , admiralty islands , landings ( 29 february 1944 ) ; bombardment of ndrillo and karunia islands in the admiralties ( 4 - 7 march ) , bombardment of various assault beaches and targets of opportunity on new guinea and adjacent islands ( 10 april-15 september ) ; bombardment of leyte island philippine islands ( 20 october ) ; and finally , 25 october 1944 , as a unit of task group 77.3 she took part in the overwhelming victory of battle of surigao strait .
sir thomas slade 's design for the " lowestoffe " was approved , but was revised to produce a more rounded midships section ; the amended design was approved on 3 january 1771 by hawke 's outgoing admiralty board , just before it was replaced .
amsterdam admiralty .
lukin was clearly a man ahead of his time , for despite his achievement , his appeals for the adoption of his craft , made to the then first lord of the admiralty and the deputy master of trinity house fell resoundingly upon ‘
his father ’s forty - five year career reached its pinnacle in 1912 when he was appointed as first sea lord in the admiralty .
in 1872 , he became a lord of the admiralty for two years , and then commander the channel fleet .
when he returned to england he was appointed one of the lords of the admiralty .
the administration of the british admiralty consists of the following branches and officers .
the appreciation , which had originally been intended for distribution around the royal navy , was deemed so full of " far - reaching and astringent criticism of jellicoe " and of new and therefore irrelevant tactical theory that beatty and his board of admiralty were compelled to decide against its publication .
by the time that captain alexander shippard took command in may 1807 , the admiralty added two brass howitzers to her armament , while exchanging her 9-pounders for 32-pounder carronades .
a number of other senior labour figures also took up senior positions ; the trade union leader ernest bevin , as minister of labour , directed britain 's wartime economy and allocation of manpower , the veteran labour statesman herbert morrison became home secretary , hugh dalton was minister of economic warfare and later president of the board of trade , while a. v. alexander resumed the role he had held in the previous labour government as first lord of the admiralty .
the reserve had been founded in 1900 as an experiment to assist the admiralty in the manning of ships , and to enable the newfoundlanders to assist in the defence of the empire and provide their seafarers in the winter months when the fishery was not worked .
she was completed as " surprise " , an admiralty yacht for command and gunboat diplomacy duties in the mediterranean station .
so the secretary to the admiralty - samuel pepys , the diarist - formed a force of ' porters , rounders , warders and watchmen ' to guard the naval yards . porters identified and escorted visitors , rounders patrolled the yard , warders were responsible for the keys and backed up the porters at the gates , and the part - time watchmen guarded buildings and areas by night .
sueter 's technical skills saw him brought in to the naval ordnance department of the admiralty and in 1909 he supervised the construction of airship " mayfly " , a new avenue of naval development .
