he made significant contributions to the establishment of the ic&g and made efforts in the restoration and advancement of genetics in the ussr .
she is a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science and of the american psychological association , and served as president of the international association for the study of child language from 1990 to 1993 .
macquarie continued on to bowl their opponents out for 136 thanks to thomas fernance and daniel youlden claiming 5 scalps collectively , resulting in their advancement to the next round of the competition .
it is published and distributed by the international consortium for the advancement of academic publication .
he is a fellow of association for the advancement of artificial intelligence , society for the study of artificial intelligence and the simulation of behaviour and european coordinating committee for artificial intelligence .
the tsb ) , an independent agency which reports directly to parliament , is the canadian agency responsible for the advancement of transportation safety through the investigation and reporting upon accident and incident occurrences in all prevalent canadian modes of transportation - marine , air , rail and pipeline .
in 1960 , when she was 6 years old , her parents responded to a call from the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) and volunteered her to participate in the integration of the new orleans school system .
the experience system was designed to be a more realistic advancement system than that of the first game .
first , it makes loans and equity investments for the economic and social advancement of the regional member countries ( rmc ) .
ludmerer criticizes the view that the flexner report spurred the advancement of medical education , crediting the report for spurring the closure of substandard medical schools , but noting that most of the innovations recommended by abraham flexner had already been initiated by the better schools by the time the report was written .
william charles redfield ( march 26 , 1789 middletown , connecticut - february 12 , 1857 new york city ) was one of the founders and the first president of the american association for the advancement of science formed in 1848 .
f.r.s. ( president elect , british association for the advancement of science 1932 )
" continuismo " has been most associated in recent history with various democratic referenda promoted by sitting incumbents , whereby such incumbents appeal to the public citizenry in a populistic manner to extend the incumbents ' mandate or abolish limits to the mandate , often under the pretense of the incumbent enjoying enough popularity and political capital to virtually guarantee the country 's stabilization or further advancement under the incumbents ' domestic and foreign policies .
higgins ' own death on august 9 , 1833 , resulted from an illness which overcame him while attending a meeting of the british association for the advancement of science at cambridge .
the text , written in a scholarly biographical style , chronicles the protagonist 's decision to join the order , his mastery of the game , and his advancement in the order 's hierarchy to eventually become " magister ludi " , an honorary title reserved for the game 's finest player .
a former nurse , burke is a member of the reserve officers association , the retired officers association , association for the military surgeons of the united states , national guard association of the united states , militia association of new york , national black nurses association , black nurses association of the capital district , harlem hospital school of nursing alumni , american correctional association of the united states of america , new york state minorities in criminal justice , and national association for the advancement of colored people .
in 1628 maynwaring was imprisoned and fined ; he was also suspended as a minister , prevented from clerical or secular advancement , and told he could not preach at court .
he is fellow of the american association for the advancement of sciences and past - president of the american association of neuropathologists .
at the wishes of all heirs and executors , the college separated the payment into two parts : $ 6,000 in cash and the remaining $ 114,000 as a donation , guaranteed by a promissory note dated september 1 , 1946 , made payable to the william m. rice institute for the advancement of literature , science and art in houston .
most advancement is done in the home and is intended to involve the entire family and many cub scout activities include family members .
the polish studies association is part of the american association for the advancement of slavic studies and facilitates " the exchange of academic information regarding polish history , culture , arts , politics , economics , and contemporary affairs , and seeks to enhance contacts between polish and western affairs . "
in all these areas , he made key contributions to the advancement of aerospace engineering .
according to the organizations website cosca ’s aims are to increase accessibility to counselling and psychotherapy , develop ethically - based professional standards and quality assurance for counselling , psychotherapy and the use of counselling skills , increase access to training and information on counselling , psychotherapy and counselling skills , deliver a range of services that meet the needs of the counselling and psychotherapy field , provide opportunities for sharing knowledge , experience and resources for the advancement of counselling , psychotherapy and the use of counselling skills in scotland .
this was motivated by the desire to justify their privileged status to the lower classes that provided the infantry ranks , to enhance the renown of their family name , and to augment their chances of subsequent political advancement in a martial society .
the careers of such third century soldiers as the thracian maximus and the moesian claudius ii who rose from lowly origins to imperial status suggests that unusual physical prowess was a positive advantage in securing advancement in the army at this time .
when henry wilhelm claimed that kodak 's ultima paper failed meet its 100-year lifetime with some inkjet inks , kodak clarified their statement that " kodak 's new ultima picture paper with colorlast technology is a significant advancement in picture longevity , with over 100-year degradation resistance when used with state - of - the - art inks .
• caps ( california advancement professionals in schools )
technological advancement .
she has been a member of the governing committees of the academy of aphasia , the linguistic society of america , and the linguistics and language sciences section of the american association for the advancement of science .
the imbert prize was instituted in 2005 , and is awarded annually by the association of security consultants ( asc ) for the development of ideas for the advancement of risk and security management in the uk .
bpw / usa is a bipartisan organization that fosters the success of working women by providing career advancement resources , work / life strategies and personal and professional connections .
a partial list of these units includes campus recreation , intercollegiate athletics , planning and budget , student affairs , uc irvine libraries , uc irvine medical center , and university advancement .
throughout the battle , recognized filipino guerrilla fighters played an important key role in the advancement of the combined american and philippine commonwealth troops , providing key roads and information for the japanese location of defenses and movements .
the rice foundation gives contributions to places that the rices believed in such as programs to prevent child abuse and for many research areas such as plant development and preservation , medical advancement and animal conservation .
the beginning of the commonwealth coincided with the period of poland 's great power , civilizational advancement and prosperity .
the kiev 60 has a simpler frame - advancement mechanism than the pentacon six but it is often poorly adjusted at the factory resulting in incorrect frame spacing .
in 1908 , the cme asked the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching to survey american medical education , so as to promote the cme 's reformist agenda and hasten the elimination of medical schools that failed to meet the cme 's standards .
her lawyer returned her fee which she used to setup a fund that was eventually used to support activities of the nova scotia association for the advancement of colored people ( nsaacp ) .
this objective became more important as leopold 's advancement in salzburg became less likely ; but his persistent efforts to secure employment displeased the imperial court , which precluded any chance of success .
“ this global hi - tech movement will pursue on to the next decade surpassing today ’s advancement to another mind - boggling level .
the shadow war also features prominently in the show , during which an advanced alien species attempts to sow the seeds of conflict in order to promote technological and cultural advancement .
she was elected as a fellow of the american academy of arts and sciences in 2002 , and is also a fellow of the american physical society and of the american association for the advancement of science .
aside from his large contributions in the advancement of mosfet , robert w. bower has published over 80 journals and articles , patented over 28 inventions , and authored chapters in 3 different books .
his reign marked the continuing disintegration of royal power in england and the advancement in power of the earls .
she was also disappointed with the agency itself since she felt that her career advancement as a case officer , in general , depended not so much on the quality of agents that she recruited , but rather on the quantity .
cnha 's mission is to promote the advancement of native hawaiians through empowerment and informational initiatives .
his membership involves many other organizations such as american quaternary association , american association for the advancement of science , geological society of america , international association of sedimentologists , society for sedimentary geology , society of sigma xi , society of american
with the founding of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) in 1909 , the interracial group based in new york began to provide financial and strategic support to lawsuits on voting issues .
shanley took great interest in the development of the material interests of fargo and the state , making large subscriptions to whatever contributed to the advancement of the state or of its people .
indeed , after some limited success in northern wei 's harassment campaign , liu yu had his general ding wu ( 丁旿 ) land on the northern bank and deal northern wei a major defeat , before resuming the advancement .
level advancement and scoring .
the royal meteorological society traces its origins back to 3 april 1850 when the british meteorological society was formed as " a society the objects of which should be the advancement and extension of meteorological science by determining the laws of climate and of meteorological phenomena in general " .
despite efforts to improve radiation shielding on the iss compared to previous stations such as " mir " , radiation levels within the station have not been vastly reduced , and it is thought that further technological advancement will be required to make long - duration human spaceflight further into the solar system a possibility .
the creation of the respiratory and electro - acoustic products business units , along with the existing helmet systems division and a group dedicated to the advancement of materials , resulted in the company 's ability to produce totally integrated systems for tactical applications .
they secured for the chiefs of the former british dagbon advancement skins ; for fear that ya naa abdulai ii will deny them the skins in retaliation for their defiance of yani under the british .
still , camp william penn symbolized an advancement of importance for african - americans .
the center 's focus will be on research and the conservation of africa 's biodiversity , the advancement of science awareness within our learners and the breeding of africa 's endangered wildlife .
the prizes , in a total amount of one million dollars , are sponsored by the a.m.n. foundation for the advancement of science , art and culture in israel , under the auspices of and in cooperation with the prime minister of israel .
on may 18 , 2009 , johnson announced a leave of absence due to the advancement of his cancer , with secondary coach sean mcdermott taking over duties as the interim defensive coordinator .
the u.s. won the pool opener against canada by a score of 6 - 5 , and secured advancement into round 2 by defeating venezuela in a 15 - 6 slugfest .
also in 1984 brother harry somerville began camillus’ first substance abuse and treatment program that would eventually become the camillus house institute for social and personal advancement ( ch - ispa . )
laby was president of section a of the australasian association for the advancement of science in melbourne , 1912 .
the foundation ’s purpose is " to support the enrichment and advancement of contemporary dance theatre , and the development of australian / european artistic connections . "
however , she was unlucky in that the years of her design and construction were ones of revolutionary advancement in naval guns , fire control , armor , and propulsion .
lawrence bogorad ( 1921– 28 december 2003 ) was an american botanist , pioneer of photosynthesis research and president of the american association for the advancement of science .
the deed stated that the purpose of the school was the " advancement of religion and morality , and the promotion of useful knowledge , by offering to the youth of the province general education of a superior character . "
the quello center maintains national and international program of trans - disciplinary research addressing critical issues and serve as catalyst for the development , implementation , and evaluation of public policies and the advancement of management principles , helping to better align private sector interests with the economic and political conditions of the communications industries .
as peace education is fundamental to the mission of unesco , so too advising on the promotion and advancement of peace education in australia is central to the role of the australian national commission for unesco .
he is also a member of the board and one of the founders of the " latin - american association of comunitarianism ( aic ) " , presides the " spanish chapter of the society for the advancement of socioeconomics " and he is the general coordinator of the " free international university of the americas ( ulia ) . "
this play explores the human consciousness , morals and scientific advancement all in one , while adding a bit of romance .
such an affirmative plan is valid so long as it is temporary and does not unnecessarily restrict rights of male or non - minority employees or create an absolute barrier to their advancement .
after the war , despite loyal service to white star line and faithfully defending his employers at " titanic " inquiries , lightoller soon found opportunities for advancement within the line were no longer available .
while research has largely disproven these stereotypes , use of the appalachian dialect is still often an impediment to educational and social advancement .
he was elected president in 1833 after the death of sir walter scott , and in the following year acted as president of the british association for the advancement of science .
the romans made it possible for small - unit commanders to receive rewards and medals for valor and advancement in battle .
several human rights organisations , including human rights watch and amnesty international , and the american association for the advancement of science have reported on human rights abuses by the military government .
the book 's title is an homage to francis bacon 's ( 1561 - 1626 ) philosophical tome , " the advancement of learning " .
" i solemnly swear to devote all my personal strength and abilities to the advancement and prosperity of the republic of moldova , to always abide by the constitution and the laws of the country , to defend democracy , the fundamental rights and freedoms of man , and the sovereignty , independence , unity and territorial integrity of moldova " .
the title was created in 1816 as an advancement or ' step ' for an existing peer .
in 1909 , chapman presented his theory on working time , fatigue and productivity at the conference of the section on economic science and statistics of the british association for the advancement of science .
for several decades , arca used older nascar cup racecars at their events , and with the advancement of the car of tomorrow , teams have been able to sell off older cars to arca teams ; current sprint cup drivers joey logano and scott speed each drove in arca in 2008 , driving castoff sprint cup cars made obsolete by the move to the cot .
as the prime agency for women ’s advancement , mowa is headed by a minister who reports directly to the president and is a member of the cabinet .
in the early 1990s , in " trouillon v. city of hawthorne " , the legal defense and education fund of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) successfully challenged an urban renewal plan on the basis of race discrimination by bringing suit under the fair housing act .
given that the advancement of " m : l " is the foundation of all material progress and thus social progress for marx , proving that capitalism retards " m : l " is all the proof marx needed that capitalism was becoming obsolete .
dr. dangl is an elected member of the u.s. national academy of sciences ( 2007 ) , the deutsche academie der naturforscher , the leopoldina ( 2003 ) , and the american association for the advancement of science ( 2004 ) .
in addition to not publicizing his own spiritual advancement he also avoided spiritual hypocrisy and arrogance throughout his life .
having taken holy orders , his advancement in the church was very rapid , mainly through the influence of his older brother andrew stone .
he appears as a main character in " le père goriot " ( 1835 ) and his social advancement in the post - revolutionary french world depicted by balzac can be followed through rastignac 's various appearances in other books of the series .
approximately 1500 students , qualification - advancement students , and post - graduate students from various countries study at gitis .
it is aimed at the advancement of empirical literary research through international and interdisciplinary cooperation .
this article won the aaas westinghouse science journalism award , awarded by the american association for the advancement of science , in 1978 .
clearly progress would not be automatic , and the rise of totalitarianism in the 20th century undercut the idea that technological improvement guaranteed democracy and moral advancement .
in an agreement worked out by cattell and aaas secretary leland o. howard , " science " became the journal of the american association for the advancement of science in 1900 .
one scholar describes her plan this way : " vast estates would be divided into small farms , cottagers would be allowed to make enclosures from the commons and , instead of alms being given to the poor , they would be given the means to independence and self - advancement . "
technology advancement mainly targeted at upgrading the chinese industrial sector , gearing towards high - end production to move away from the current export - oriented and labor - intensive mode of growth .
after his return , he published a french translation of the francis bacon 's letter " advancement of learning " ( 1605 ) .
the heat in which a swimmer competed did not formally matter for advancement , as the swimmers with the top eight times from the entire field qualified for the finals .
the american society for cybernetics ( asc ) an american non - profit scholastic organization for organization for the advancement of cybernetics as a science and the interdisciplinary collaboration and synthesis of cybernetics .
the invention of metallurgy was the most important , as it quickened the pace of invention , widened the scope of human endeavour , stimulated the advancement of arts and crafts and awakened courage and the spirit of great adventure .
renewable energy development covers the advancement , capacity growth , and use of renewable energy sources .
the late 19th century was an age of great technological advancement and ushered in a new era for life insurance companies .
one key advancement was the " kommandogerät " ( command - device ) , a mechanical - hydraulic unit that automatically adjusted engine fuel flow , propeller pitch , supercharger setting , mixture and ignition timing in response to a single throttle lever , dramatically simplifying engine control .
although in practice these were oligarchical , and bore little resemblance to a modern democracy , the relative political freedom they afforded was conducive to academic and artistic advancement .
staff have been elected to the rank of fellow in national societies including , but not limited to , the american association for the advancement of science , american physical society , and the materials research society ..
the government of burkina faso came up with the idea to create the siao for two purposes : economical and social advancement .
the society for neuroscience created the mika salpeter award in her memory ; it " recognizes an individual with outstanding career achieements in neuroscience who has also significantly promoted the professional advancement of women in neuroscience . "
she was deeply committed to the advancement of women 's issues , and gave her endorsement to films which sought to explore the role of women in traditional indian society , their sexuality , and the changes facing the middle - class woman in an urban milieu .
advancement opportunities within the college include fellowship and distinguished fellowship , service on the board of directors , literary achievement awards , scholarship awards , diplomate status , two levels of achievement in the graduate program , and the certified physician executive ( cpe ) credential ( through the certifying commission in medical management ) .
in 1996 , he was made a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science .
this is a major advancement because for a long time the show explained her inability to heal as she was only a " half - whitelighter . "
she used to be a leading employee of malprave industries , which was heavily involved in the advancement of human cloning .
she has also been named a muslim leader of tomorrow by the american society for muslim advancement .
scout shops are located at both of the service centers for purchasing uniforms , bsa publications , equipment and advancement awards .
twenty - four scientists are jointly proposed by the " deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft " ( dfg , german research foundation ) , the " max - planck - gesellschaft zur förderung der wissenschaften " ( mpg , max planck society for the advancement of science ) , the " hochschulrektorenkonferenz " ( hrk , german rector ’s conference ) , the " hermann von helmholtz - gemeinschaft deutscher forschungszentren " ( hgf , herman von helmholtz association of german research centers ) , the " fraunhofer - gesellschaft " ( fhg , fraunhofer society ) , and the " wissenschaftsgemeinschaft gottfried wilhelm leibniz " ( wgl , scientific community gottfried wilhelm leibniz ) .
he was a member of the american association for the advancement of science , and the american chemical society .
since 1991 , the year ukraine proclaimed its independence , unwla members have been sending petitions to senators and congressional representatives , requesting their support for the advancement of ukraine 's political and economic reform .
he played a notable role in the advancement of defensive tactics , being one of the first shortstops to use signals indicating which infielder would cover second base on steal attempts , and also one of the first to back up throws to the second baseman .
by the end of the night there were probably as many as 40 riders throughout middlesex county carrying the news of the army 's advancement .
this technological advancement quickly revolutionized american agriculture and had far - reaching economic and social implications for the cotton industry worldwide and particularly for the mississippi delta .
the association for the advancement of gestalt therapy , ( aagt ) holds one biennial international conference in various locations –
on his death in new york city in 1892 , he left part of his fortune to be used for the erection of the memorial hall at west point , for the continuance of his " biographical register " and for an award of the american geographical society ( of which he was vice - president ) “ to those who distinguish themselves by geographical discoveries or in the advancement of geographical science ” , known as the cullum geographical medal .
his greatest advancement toward the title came during the 1977 and 1980 cycles , when he defeated henrique mecking and former world champion mikhail tal , respectively , in quarterfinal candidates matches , before succumbing both times in the semifinals to the eventual challenger , viktor korchnoi .
after receiving a superficial education at college , where his unusual ability brought rapid advancement , this prodigy turned his attention to the asiatic languages , especially chinese .
the association was founded as the american association for the advancement of osteopathy on april 19 , 1897 , in kirksville , missouri , by students of the american school of osteopathy .
within a month , the national association for the advancement of colored people brought a lawsuit .
he has received many awards for his teaching , including a silver medal in the national professor of the year program of the council for the advancement and support of education and being named millsaps college 's distinguished professor in 2001 and won the carnegie endowment professor of the year award in mississippi in 2002 .
like the later national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) , the league was based in state and local organizations .
briski has won numerous awards and fellowships including george soros ' open society institute fellowship , an alicia patterson foundation fellowship , a new york foundation for the arts fellowship and the howard chapnick grant for the advancement of photojournalism .
tarter was elected a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science in 2002 and a fellow of the california academy of sciences in 2003 .
the habad shaliach , for example , who moves to a remote place to offer jewish life there , generally absorbs the notion that it is worthwhile to reject even refined levels of self - centred spiritual advancement , from advanced yeshiva study , to help another person in their spiritual and physical needs .
he was a founder of " mankind quarterly " , which at that time was associated to the international association for the advancement of ethnology and eugenics .
as a violent dust storm threatens to temporarily shut down the excavation , sylveste discovers new evidence that the entire amarantin race was wiped out in a single mysterious cataclysm , which happens to coincide with the amarantin 's advancement to a starfaring culture .
with mackey 's devotion to teaching , his gentle and often comedic delivery and with he and his enthusiastic staff having met a market demand , thornton quickly became known to some as a " cram school " but for others with a record of accomplishment prior to or immediately after admission , as a place of academic excellence and steady academic advancement and opportunity .
because there was no nationwide insurance or social security system and because the income of work units varied , the actual level of benefits and the degree of equality ( of incomes , housing , or opportunities for advancement ) depended on the particular work unit with which individuals were affiliated .
benjamin todd jealous ( born january 18 , 1973 in pacific grove , california ) is the current president and chief executive officer of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) .
the dye coupler technology has seen considerable advancement since the beginning of modern color photography .
one who reads this hymn every day with devotion and attention attains to peace of mind , patience , prosperity , mental stability , memory and reputation ... " whoever desires advancement and happiness should repeat this devotional hymn on vishnu composed by vyasa" ... never will defeat attend on a man who adores the lotus - eyed one ( kamala nayana ) , who is the master of all the worlds , who is birthless , and out of whom the worlds have originated and into whom they dissolve . "
3 . to work for the advancement of syro malabar church in america ,
these awards , designed in conjunction with a preeminent association for democratic advancement , speak to the high calibre of the event as an educational experience , which engages youth in experiential learning - a style of programming that fulfills recent calls in ontario for civics education that is " lived , not studied to death " .
the advancement in the study of this field offers a lot more specific fields of study such as plant biology , molecular biology , and animal biology .
his active participation in the local and national advancement of sustainable resources has influenced the market greatly and disch continues to influence not only building but technology development , environmental politics and market sustainability .
in addition to her academic career , schiff has held institutional advancement and development positions at harvard university , university of michigan and brandeis university .
with the advancement in computer processing and visualization software , lighting designers are now able to create computer generated images ( cgi ) that represent their ideas .
in 1988 she was the president of the american association for the advancement of science .
there are various institutions supported by the state and private entities for the advancement of the visual arts .
the sgaus encourages the establishment and advancement of regulated state forces through lobbying and affiliation with independent state associations .
" first baptist academy of dallas cultivates a biblically - informed view of life in its diverse k-12 students through a rigorous , college preparatory education , challenging all to attain their potential in mind , emotion , body , and spirit for the glory of christ and the advancement of his kingdom . "
the school is a member of the cum laude society , the national association of independent schools , the council for spiritual and ethical education , and the council for advancement and support of education .
the american journal of psychotherapy ( ajp ) was founded in 1939 , is the official journal of the association for the advancement of psychotherapy .
this association with one of the leading catholic colleges in england afforded him valuable opportunities for the advancement of his views .
bennett is also a member of the american academy of arts and sciences and a fellow of both the american association for the advancement of science and the american physical society .
winn 's advancement was no surprise to his colleagues and he extended his influence within oic .
the significant legislative achievement of the watson government was the advancement of the troublesome conciliation and arbitration bill , which was defeated .
b ) to support the advancement of knowledge and technology , thereby contributing to the economic competitiveness of our united kingdom and the quality of life ;
most poneromorphs appear to have lost the taste for sweets ( nectar , fruit ) typical of adult stinging hymenoptera , and this should probably also be considered an evolutionary " advancement " .
skeletal advancement in an effort to physically increase the pharyngeal airspace is often an option for craniofacial patients with upper airway obstruction and small lower jaws ( mandibles ) .
ecclesiastical advancement .
most years , since its inception in 1999 , vinge has been on the free software foundation 's selection committee for their award for the advancement of free software .
he announced his results at a meeting of the chemical section of the british association for the advancement of science in cork in 1843 and was met by silence .
in 2007 , the magazine and other wayne state university alumni association communications were honored with a first - place teresa exline best practices in marketing and communications award from the council for the advancement and support of education district v.
the first title in the " world series baseball " series , the game was a major advancement in genesis baseball games in that not only did it include licensed players and teams , but also contained relatively accurate gameplay for the time .
while radiologic technologists in the united states work in trauma , operating room , critical care , fluoroscopy , ct scanning , mri and angiography and other areas ; there are many other available options for career advancement
he is a fellow of the american physical society ( 1985 ) , american association for the advancement of science ( 2000 ) , elected member of the national academy of sciences ( 2002 ) , alfred p. sloan fellow ( 1975 - 77 ) , guggenheim fellow ( 1981 ) , and honored member of the international liquid crystal society .
angela has served as a member of the golden gate bridge district and has served on the outer - continental shelf board of control , as vice - chair of the san francisco county transportation authority , and as chair of the transportation authority 's finance committee , as a member of the association of bay area governments , lifetime member of the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) and the san francisco mental health board .
there is a broad concern in the mental health community that the advancement of conversion therapy itself causes social harm by disseminating inaccurate views about sexual orientation and the ability of lgb people to lead happy , healthy lives .
apco has worked on behalf of philip morris international , in particular through the establishment of the advancement of sound science coalition ( tassc ) , an astroturf group which criticized scientific research on a range of issues , including passive smoking .
stephen pimentel ( born 1964 ) is a catholic author known for his advancement of the covenantal approach in biblical theology , as well as his writings on philosophy .
joly served as president of section c ( geology ) when the british association for the advancement of science which met in dublin in 1908 , during which he presented his paper " uranium and geology " an address to the society .
gantlett 's specialism as an ornithologist is the advancement of bird identification .
aboriginal children 's advancement society .
astra 's aims are , from article 3 of the memorandum of association , " to promote the advancement of knowledge and the spread of education and particularly the dissemination of knowledge on space activities and all branches of science pertaining to such activities , and to stimulate public interest therein " .
about mid - way through the point man 's advancement through atc , betters informs him that the fire - and - rescue team in charge of searching for jankowski have given up and aborted their mission .
women also received lower salaries and had limited opportunity for career advancement .
avid , an acronym meaning advancement via individual determination , has a new - found home in this wichita public high school .
the advancement of public education concerning the rights of deaf people
microfilaments are highly versatile , functioning in ( a ) cell crawling , amoeboid movement , and changes in cell shape , where one end of the actin filament elongates while the other end contractile , presumably by myosin ii molecular motors ( though an alternative " actoclampin "- driven expansile molecular motors exists ) , and ( b ) actomyosin - driven contractile molecular motors , where the " thin filaments " serve as tensile platforms for myosin 's atp hydrolysis - dependent pulling action in muscle contraction and uropod advancement .
mussar seeks to inspire spiritual advancement by discovering personal integrity and revealing the unworthiness of material temptations .
during her participation in the tournament , she runs into ryu , dead - set in stopping his advancement for his own protection , stating that he is " the last hope " .
fall of 2004 kinston high school was the first school in lenoir county to start up a program called , advancement via individual determintation ( avid ) .
both boaters and non - boaters compete in the bassmaster opens , which provides advancement to the bassmasters elite series .
the max planck institute for intellectual property , competition and tax law ( ) is a munich , germany , -based institute , part of the research institutions of the max planck society for the advancement of science , which manages more than 90 institutes and research institutions .
about 1552 he was noticed by cardinal rodolfo pio da carpi ( 1500–64 ) , protector of his order , cardinal ghislieri ( later pope pius v ) and cardinal caraffa ( later pope paul iv ) , and from that time his advancement was assured .
the hms is a research facility " committed to the advancement of the marine sciences through basic and applied research " and acts as a field facility for research and teaching by mcgill and other member universities .
the atlatl was a revolutionary advancement in hunting .
on february 14 , the rebels were reinforced by opponents of the government who had returned from exile in the dominican republic : 20 former soldiers , led by louis - jodel chamblain , a former militia leader who headed army death squads in 1987 and a militia known as the front for the advancement and progress of haïti ( fraph ) , which killed and maimed hundreds of people in the early 1990s .
practitioners will spar in bogu , using shinai , to further test their advancement from technique to skill .
society memberships include the american association for the advancement of science , american society for microbiology and international aids society .
if , " said the pope , " there be anything that the scholastic doctors treated with excessive subtlety or with insufficient consideration , or that is at variance with well founded teachings of later date , or is otherwise improbable , we by no means intend that it shall be proposed to our age for imitation ... we certainly do not blame those learned and energetic men who turn to the profit of philosophy their own assiduous labours and erudition as well as the results of modern investigation ; for we are fully aware that all this goes to the advancement of knowledge . "
mount scopus ( hebrew : har hatzofim הר הצופים ) , in the eastern part of jerusalem , is home to the faculty of humanities , faculty of human sciences , faculty of law , school of business administration , rothberg international school , frank sinatra international student center , harry s. truman research institute for the advancement of peace , the mandel institute of jewish studies and the school of public policy .
after the first level of each three sets of levels , a bonus stage would occur to indicate the player 's advancement into space ( the first bonus stage occurs when the players leave earth 's atmosphere and the second occurred as players entered a worm hole as a shortcut to jupiter ) .
the resignation of mr. justice malet opening the way for his further advancement , he was appointed to fill the vacant seat in the king 's bench on 18 june 1663 .
any advancement in information technology will be useful only when you know how to use it .
with the advancement of electric power system reform , the electric utility industry of china has already possessed the basic condition of e - commerce development .
while still a child , his name was changed by his father to mask his indigenous origin and reduce this entrenched obstacle ( before cárdenas his name was choquehuanca ) , at the time , to his educational and professional advancement .
the rsc is dedicated to encouraging education and the advancement of knowledge in the natural and social sciences and the humanities .
florida tech ’s administration is headed by the executive council , consisting of president anthony j. catanese , provost and executive vice president t. dwayne mccay , vice president of financial affairs and cfo jack armul , and senior vice president for advancement kenneth stackpoole .
the " gradiva awards " , given by the national association for the advancement of psychoanalysis , are named after freud 's essay .
specifically , the reasonable nature of the purpose of action is irrelevant - the ends only serve the purpose of the subject ( generally self - advancement or preservation ) .
he is fellow or member of several prestigious associations viz : ( 1 ) member royal institute of chemistry ( london ) ; ( 2 ) fellow chemical society london ; ( 3 ) fellow pakistan institute of chemists ; ( 4 ) fellow of pakistan association for advancement of science ; and ( 5 ) member of the bio - chemist pharmaceutical and chemical industries etc etc .
warfare and the capturing of prisoners became a method of social advancement , and a religious cause .
he is a fellow of the american physical society , the international planetarium society , the american association for the advancement of science , and the royal astronomical society , and he has held a getty fellowship .
jayadrath will be very effective in stopping all the four pandavas from entering the chakravyooh ( by making use of a boon granted to him by lord shiva ) ; abhimanyu will be very effective in holding all the kaurava maharathis at bay and thereby preventing the advancement of kaurava forces towards yudhistra .
in addition to the " courier " , other groups and institutions that decried the punitive use of the blue discharge included the american legion , the national association for the advancement of colored people , the congress of industrial organizations , and the veterans benevolent association .
these tools aim to promote and encourage the development of robotics for the advancement of human society and individuals , and to help preventing its misuse against humankind . ”
under current development are " the global citizen awards " , a live , globally broadcast event that recognizes and awards major contributions to the advancement of mankind , " zayed " , a biographical movie about his highness sheikh zayed bin sultan al nahyan , the late ruler of abu dhabi and founding father of the united arab emirates . and " abdulla omar and the lost sand city " , a fictional adventure movie featuring the first emirati action hero .
the american society of animal science ( asas ) is a non - profit professional organization for the advancement of livestock and meat science .
in 1927 the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) awarded him its spingarn medal for outstanding achievement by an african american .
sometimes most of the intervening episodes have no plot or character advancement ( e.g. , the early " planet boy popi " / " prince planet " ) , and are referred to as filler by fans wishing to distinguish them from more story arc - relevant episodes .
femina potens is a non - profit art gallery and performance art space located in san francisco , california dedicated to the advancement of female artists .
he also joined ( mtna ) ( music teachers national association ) that year to continue the teaching and advancement of music composition to students .
advancement badges .
the air corps in january 1931 " got its foot in the door " for developing a mission for which only it would have capability , while at the same time creating a need for technological advancement of its equipment .
a career advancement service ( cas ) is available to executive ed .
oklahoma center for the advancement of science and technology .
for their contribution to the advancement of computing through their efforts in the watfor / watfiv projects , paul cress and paul dirksen were presented with the grace murray hopper award by the association for computing machinery ( acm ) in 1972 .
of this third element , muslim arabs have possibly contributed the most to the development of the modern sindhi language and literature and to the advancement of its intellectual and cultural activities .
at the 11th january 1939 meeting of the australian and new zealand association for the advancement of science ( anzaas ) his ideas on cyclical variations theory was severely discredited , especially by edward kidson , the new zealand government meteorologist , and yet farmers credited and worked their farms using his long - range forecasts .
the ieee james l. flanagan speech and audio processing award is an award is presented for an outstanding contribution to the advancement of speech and/or audio signal processing .
1 . it was to reflect a level of qualification above and beyond the normal level of professional and performance criteria necessary for advancement .
proponents of the new system believe it is a necessary step for the advancement of gymnastics , promoting difficult skills and more objective judging .
carter is a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science .
31 men - compromised of merchants , lumbermen , bankers and manufacturers - founded the board of trade to " protect the interests of merchants , traders and manufacturers , to advance the trade of the area and to promote the advancement and general prosperity of vancouver . "
she later also started bangladesh legal aid and services trust ( blast ) and bangladesh rural advancement committee ( brac ) .
western is classified by the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching as a comprehensive master ’s degree granting institution l ) in the newly added elective “ community engagement ” category .
bind by closer bonds the members to each other and the mutual assistance of each of its members ; ” “ the advancement and carrying out of any measures at the institution in which it shall be established which shall be of importance to its members , ” and “ the mutual benefit and improvement of all its members . ”
the the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching classifies santa clara as a master 's level university , which denotes that the institution offers only a few , if any , phd programs .
he is a recipient of the howard hughes memorial award presented by the southern california aeronautic association to give recognition " to an aerospace leader whose accomplishments over a long career have contributed significantly to the advancement of aviation or space technology . "
the remarkable was their participation in their 2009 european season when they had to contest against dynamo kyiv to earn their advancement to the quarter - finals of the uefa cup 2009 .
the extension school features open enrollment ( the degree programs require a formal admissions process ) , part - time evening classes , instructors drawn mainly from harvard , and an opportunity for personal enrichment , career advancement , or study leading to a degree .
federal law does not require 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organizations to disclose the identity of their donors , and in national association for the advancement of colored people v. alabama the u.s. supreme court turned back efforts to force such disclosure by nonprofits , although that case involved the publication of member lists , not donor lists .
in the nation 's only world cup experience to date , the unfancied " chollima " stumbled initially , losing 3 - 0 to the soviet union , but managed to draw with chile in their second game after scoring on a penalty kick late in the game , which kept the team alive for advancement .
advancement .
since they do not disclose which farmer or rancher provided them with food , " in vitro " meat in fast food restaurant is often seen as an inevitable advancement .
the foundation ’s purpose is to support the enrichment and advancement of contemporary dance theatre , and the development of australian / european artistic connections .
though the white revolution contributed towards the economic and technological advancement of iran , the failures of some of the land reform programs and the partial lack of democratic reforms , as well as severe antagonism towards the white revolution from the clergy and landed elites , would ultimately contribute to the shah 's downfall and the iranian revolution in 1979 .
peng received numerous prestigious prizes in china including national natural science prize and national science and technology advancement prize .
he also found time to participate in extracurricular activities involving drama , political science , the national association for the advancement of colored people ( naacp ) and the intercollegiate socialist society .
like many schoolmasters who are good scholars and even good teachers , he was not a professional success ; and his personality may have stood in the way of his advancement .
political advancement .
the operator maintains a stack of material to be filmed in a tray , the camera automatically takes one document after another for advancement through the machine .
in the previous 3.0 edition , the bardic music abilities available to a character depended only on the amount of perform skill that character possessed , not advancement in the bard class .
even though the internet clearly advocates for the globalization of hip hop culture , the internet itself can serve as a sort of cultural homogenization or americanization especially within cultures that lack technological advancement .
the people of sareshke for many centuries endorsed the advancement of literacy and science .
the prize was established in 1868 by the widow of general jean - victor poncelet for the advancement of the sciences .
the american association for the advancement of science has stated that there is no significant controversy within the scientific community about the validity of the theory of evolution .
women : the network of ngos of trinidad & tobago for the advancement of women , huairou commission
cosey was also an early member of chicago 's association for the advancement of creative musicians ( aacm ) .
the only significant advancement was the replacement of the 2.2 l engine 's two - barrel holley electronic feedback carburetor by an electronic throttle - body fuel injection system .
the advancement of a god or earth is based on his or her memorization , recitation , comprehension , and practical application of the supreme mathematics and the supreme alphabet — both developed by the father — and also the 120 lessons , sometimes referred to as degrees , a revised version of the supreme wisdom lessons of the noi , originally written by wallace fard muhammad and elijah muhammad .
in 1938 , he became the president of the anthropology section of the british association for the advancement of science .
it is the first step in the advancement and use of all - digital technology , bringing its structure to the newly defined sistema brasileiro de tv digital ( sbtvd - t ) .
born in new york , feinberg received his undergraduate degree in chemical engineering from the cooper union for the advancement of science and art in 1962 .
the land on which the chrysler building stands was donated to the cooper union for the advancement of science and art , a private college that offers every admitted student a full tuition scholarship , in 1902 .
preceded by the more well known the souls of black folk ( 1903 ) , " dusk of dawn " focuses on a number of topics : du bois 's relationship with booker t. washington , his reasons for leaving the national association for the advancement of colored people , and presenting a new concept of race race ( classification of human beings ) .
in the first round the guatemalan republican front ( frg ) won 63 of 113 legislative seats , while the national advancement party ( pan ) won 37 .
