in fact , no additional standard ethernet ( non - sercos iii capable ) components may be placed within a sercos iii network , as their presence will adversely affect the timing and synchronization of the network .
the zinc 's reluctance to fully return to the same location of the solid electrode adversely manifests itself as shape change and dendrites or whiskers , which may reduce the cell discharging performance or eventually short out the cell , resulting in low cycle life .
however , the interests of all rothschild banking families across europe were adversely impacted in a very major way by three historical events : 1 ) the revolutions of 1848 , 2 ) the great depression of the 1930s and 3 ) nazism .
this decision adversely affected the mystery of having an exclusive lodge ceremonial ring , and the lodge subsequently abandoned its use .
johnson noted that livingston ’s assumptions reflected “ sloppy ” science , and adversely affected the protocols needed to build consensus among medical peers .
the character optimus prime was killed off during ' , sparking outrage from parents who felt the character 's death adversely affected their children .
the lack of specialization adversely affected the whole danube - carpathian region caused a distinct setback of growth and development compared to the west as well as high financial vulnerability and instability .
in high keys the instrument was uncomfortably close to the face , while in low keys , so many pieces needed to be added that the instrument could become unstable , adversely affecting the accuracy of the playing .
the game also has a small degree of locational damage detection : if the ship 's wings clip against obstacles or the ground too much , they will break off , adversely affecting the craft 's handling and the ability to upgrade weapons .
adversely , russian companies were forbidden to send cameramen to the " front " , and war footage had to be imported from france and england : some russian concerns combined footage from these with enacted war material to create faux documentaries .
there is also ongoing criminal and civil litigation concerning the amerithrax investigation and information derived therefrom , and an independent review of the fbi ’s “ detective work ” at this time could adversely affect those proceedings . ”
the group has been adversely affected by the subprime mortgage crisis and the fair value adjustments of its assets .
researchers have found that some plant stress hormones share the ability to adversely affect human cancer cells .
lormetazepam has been associated with adversely affecting immediate and delayed recall memory functions .
soil salinity adversely affects the metabolism of most crops , and erosion effects usually follow vegetation failure .
the applicant can not sit on its rights ; it must intervene as soon as it has reason to know that its interest may be adversely affected by the outcome of the pending litigation .
the agreement adversely affected reader 's digest ability to sustain its circulation in the u.s. its 1970s peak circulation was 17 million u.s. subscribers .
singapore similarly requires cigarette manufacturers to print images of mouths , feet and blood vessels adversely affected by smoking .
nigeria has been the most adversely affected , with over half of the total cases and deaths occurring in the nation .
they may also recognize " dissociative groups " with which they would " not " wish to associate , and thus they behave adversely concerning that group 's behaviors .
the supreme court found that the original trial was held under conditions that adversely affected the defendants ' rights .
( e.g. a member of race y , mary , has her opportunities adversely affected ( directly and/or indirectly ) by the mistreatment of her ancestors of race y. )
numbers can be adversely affected by severe winters , which may cause heavy mortality , and cold wet summers , which reduce breeding success .
she provided compensation for people adversely affected by airport noise .
other habitats have been adversely affected by humans including many peat mosslands .
his lack of conformity adversely affected his popularity ; even so his work came in for close scrutiny and critical commentary in many contemporary articles .
the public was worried civil rights and liberties would be adversely affected .
for centuries , malaria has adversely affected the history of sub - saharan africa ; its control during the past century however concentrated on urban areas where colonial authorities and traders lived and in agricultural estates and mines whose products sustained industries in the colonizing countries .
their last venture was the c-38 canal , which straightened the kissimmee river and caused catastrophic damage to animal habitats , adversely affecting water quality in the region .
all federal agencies are prohibited from authorizing , funding or carrying out actions that " destroy or adversely modify " critical habitats ( section 7(a ) ( 2 ) ) .
newmont and the government resolved their dispute , but the action adversely affected uzbekistan 's image among foreign investors .
the formation of the new service however would make the under utilised men and machines of the royal naval air service ( rnas ) available for action across the western front , as well as ending the inter - service rivalries that at times had adversely affected aircraft procurement .
although historically , wcas has made investments in telecommunications , the firm moved away from the sector after poor performance adversely impacted the performance of its eighth private equity fund .
after a few tests , they realized that the background music did not adversely affect the game and , in fact , " seemed to really help the mood of certain places that you were at in the game . "
the car was adversely reviewed by the motoring press and amc soon stopped importing it .
underserved by paved highways and , therefore , very dependent on passenger rail , chaco was adversely impacted by the national rail privatizations and line closures of the early ' 90s .
vaccination against meningitis do not decrease cd4 + t - cell counts or increase viral load in hiv - infected individuals and there has been no evidence that the vaccines adversely affect survival .
in response to the proposed mining in weld county , state lawmakers have put forward two proposals to more closely regulate uranium mining in colorado ; the first would require that mining companies prove that groundwater would not be adversely affected before mining could begin ; the second would assure that local governments have the power to set health and environmental standards .
desire is also the preservation of objects already present , as well as the desire that certain effects not appear , that what affects one adversely be curtailed and prevented in the future .
its jurisdiction is defined as " crimes that may adversely affect or fraudulently use the u.s. mail , the postal system or postal employees . "
as the number and size of insured bond issues grew , regulatory concern arose that bond defaults could adversely affect even a large multiline insurer 's claims - paying ability .
it is common for nasal septa to depart from the exact centerline ; the septum is only considered deviated if the shift is substantial or is adversely affecting the patient .
the company was focused on creating new customers who would not otherwise buy renaults , and on appealing to the new class of lower - income consumer created by changing labor conditions and the rise of the popular front in france in the 1930s ( which ironically had adversely affected renault considerably ) .
he strongly identified with those who did not have institutional power and were adversely affected by governmental decisions he considered arbitrary and unfair .
both hughes and grove 's dictionary comment adversely on sullivan 's over - use of tonic pedals , usually in the bass , which hughes attributes to ‘ lack of enterprise or even downright laziness’. another sullivan trademark criticised by hughes is the excessive use of the chord of the augmented fourth at moments of pathos .
both lee iacocca and jason alexander have had loved ones whose lives have been adversely affected by autoimmunity .
by signing the lca ( labor condition application ) , the employer attests that : prevailing wage rate for area of employment will be paid ; working conditions of position will not adversely affect conditions of similarly employed american workers ; place of employment not experiencing labor dispute involving a strike or lockout .
this species is reported as locally common in suitable habitat in costa rica and panama , but has been adversely in much of its range by rampant deforestation .
the valve seat is a critical component of an engine in that if it is improperly positioned , oriented , or formed during manufacture , valve leakage will occur which will adversely affect the engine compression ratio and therefore the engine efficiency , performance ( horsepower ) , exhaust emissions , and engine life .
the clear - cutting of forests in the 19th century adversely affected the ecology of the plunketts creek watershed and its water quality .
there were so many filed in the 2002 financial year ( 12.3 million were filed and only 118,678 ctr exemptions were made ) that congress was concerned that it was adversely affecting the effectiveness of law enforcement agencies .
the field is concerned with identifying work - related psychosocial factors that adversely affect the health of people who work .
in an interview , chief commissioner barbara hall stated that " when the media writes , it should exercise great caution that it 's not promoting stereotypes that will adversely impact on identifiable groups .
this pace may adversely affect attempts to preserve the species .
in ontario , any disciplinary action of this type is listed on an ontario student record , which may adversely affect a student 's chances of acceptance to post - secondary education .
he blamed the coups of 1987 for " brain drain " which has , he said , adversely affected the sugar industry , the standard of the education and health services , and the efficiency of the civil service .
some cockatoo species have been adversely affected by habitat loss , particularly the loss of suitable nesting hollows when large , mature trees are cleared ; conversely , some species have adapted well to human changes and are considered agricultural pests .
basing the cover around the ' young guns ' theme was widely considered to be a mistake and caused the booklet to be adversely linked with the brokeback mountain film .
in some cases , this may take the form of libraries that the software uses being changed in a way which adversely affects the software .
yet , he was convinced that substandard housing does directly and adversely affect health , morale , and the social conditions of those who live there within it .
typically they are plants that grow aggressively , multiply quickly , and adversely affect desirable plants or are somehow injurious to livestock or humans either by contact or when ingested .
a conveyance of land held adversely to the grantor is champertous and void .
these cases involve tangible actions that adversely affect either the conditions of work or academic progress .
since 2007 , construction material have not permitted entry into gaza , adversely affecting un projects , in particular unrwa and undp which were forced to suspend more than $ 100 million in construction projects due to lack of materials .
motorists should expect heavy traffic volume or bumper to bumper congestion heading towards guthrie corridor expressway from 6.00 a.m. up to 9.00 a.m on workdays , and similar traffic pattern towards puncak alam beginning from 4.30 p.m up to 8.00 p.m. the traffic flow would be adversely affected by a mere drizzle of the rain , vehicle breakdown , or any type of traffic accident .
a caution may adversely affect both employment and travel prospects .
as family members of alcoholics learn to recognize the pathologies in their families , assign the responsibility of those pathologies to a disease , forgive themselves , accept that they were adversely affected by the pathologies , and ultimately learn to accept their family member 's shortcomings , they begin to improve .
possibly , connective tissue is required to support and guide proliferating blood vessels during angiogenesis , and defects in tgf-β signalling adversely affect connective tissue and matrix production , leading to a weakness in vascular wall , so that vessels expand ( teleangiectasia , fistulae ) or even rupture .
" la gente " was adversely affected by statewide budget cuts and must now rely on outside funding .
as a result of urbanization , the once abundant greenery and clean water was adversely affected .
although initially successful , the popularity of " messidor " was adversely affected by the dreyfus affair which was occurring at the time of the opera 's premiere .
reluctantly intending to give chase , norrington allows jack sparrow one day 's head start , a delay that will adversely affect his own future .
this requires significant lithium to adversely affect the 3he/4he ratio .
and in francovich v. italy the court found that member states could be liable to pay damages to individuals and companies who had been adversely affected by the non - implementation of a directive .
put simply ; to be in the public interest a matter might have the potential to adversely affect any person at any time in their life in any situation if a core matter is not put into the public arena or handled in a more reasonable way when the problem clearly becomes evident as symptomatic of an underlying unreasonableness .
mutation that alters human dna adversely can cause infertility , the human body thus preventing the tainted dna from being passed on .
also , the first trial used paraffin while the second trial used sunflower oil which is better tolerated and less likely to adversely affect the placebo group .
in the police force , it was admitted that the recruitment and retention of non - graduate police officers has been " adversely affected by the tighter labour market " , with resignation rates increasing by 50% between 2004 and 2007 .
surveys in 2006 indicated that the dwarf wedgemussel population in the neversink river was adversely affected by flood events , although some live mussels were detected .
the rsk 's weakness also adversely affected its armed forces , the vojska srpske krajine ( vsk ) .
overpopulation has substantially adversely impacted the environment of earth starting at least as early as the 20th century .
individual and institutional discrimination , along with the stigma of inferiority , can adversely affect health .
since 800×600 is an integer factor of 1600×1200 , scaling should not adversely affect the image .
the cannons adversely affected performance with the 360° circle time increasing from 15 seconds in type 5 to 18 seconds .
compressibility in pitot tubes of the time often resulted in exaggerated speed readings near the speed of sound , particularly in german equipment , which was adversely affected by supply shortages as the war progressed .
while the british defeated the colonists in most of the set - piece battles of the war , none of these had any decisive result , whereas the british defeats at the battle of saratoga and siege of yorktown adversely affected british morale , prestige and manpower .
her life was adversely affected by the death of her father , which led her to confront the anger issues which she claims affected her role as a wife and mother .
chapter 11 allows corporations or individuals to sue mexico , canada or the united states for compensation when actions taken by those governments ( or by those for whom they are responsible at international law , such as provincial , state , or municipal governments ) have adversely affected their investments .
changes in rainfall and runoff from upland regions could adversely affect sensitive coastal systems , and sea level rise would accelerate loss of wetlands and estuaries , eliminating breeding and foraging habitat for commercial , game , and threatened and endangered species .
fuku was also accompanied by noike jurai , who also did n't want the timeline adversely affected .
a number of factors have adversely affected the quality of some surviving tapes .
the attack left her with chronic ear pain and a throat infection that often adversely affected her ability to speak or concentrate .
their visa - free access to certain countries may be adversely affected ( e.g. taiwan ( not eligible for the exit & entry permit ( taiwan ) ) , turkey ( without hk right of abode ) ) .
with harvard 's tuition on the rise , members of the financial aid office were concerned that the increased cost of higher education would adversely affect the social and economic make - up of those applying to harvard .
the gang unit 's primary objective is to improve the quality of life of all citizens adversely affected by gang activity .
( 5 ) before ordering exemption in taxation which would adversely affect local government , government should obtain the recommendation of the local government .
a team of researchers led by dr mary - dell chilton were the first to demonstrate that the virulence genes could be removed without adversely affecting the ability of " agrobacterium " to insert its own dna into the plant genome ( 1983 ) .
other cells are also affected adversely , but since cancer cells divide much faster than non - cancerous cells , they are far more susceptible to paclitaxel treatment .
the barium - boron ratio is critical for flux performance ; bab2o2 content adversely affects the performance of the flux .
korsakoff 's syndrome , also known as korsakoff 's psychosis , amnesic - confabulatory syndrome , is an organic brain disease that adversely affects memory .
in the early 1990s albright and wilson 's purified wet phosphoric acid business was being adversely affected by phosphate rock sales by china and the entry of their long - standing moroccan phosphate suppliers into the purified wet phosphoric acid business .
depending on the severity of the security breach , the company ’s reputation could be adversely affected , thus resulting in a decline in sales , consumer , and investor confidence .
any of these events could impair our ability to compete for collaborative arrangements , for access to dna samples or for product or technology licensing arrangements and ultimately could adversely affect our ability to develop and market products .
as a result the vital public - watchdog role of the press may be undermined and the ability of the press to provide accurate and reliable information may be adversely affected .
the cilia defects adversely affect " numerous critical developmental signaling pathways " essential to cellular development and thus offer a plausible hypothesis for the often multi - symptom nature of a large set of syndromes and diseases .
the neighborhood was adversely affected by pittsburgh 's urban renewal campaign in the 1960s , and in the estimation of some , " has never been reassembled .
grazing pressure adversely affects the health of plants .
comment dea-2009 - 0008 - 0007.1 requested a 180 day extension of the period for public comment and requests for hearings , objected to the proposed rule on multiple grounds including constitutional issues , identified the submitter as a person who would be " adversely affected and aggrieved by the proposed ruling " and requested an exemption for religious use if dea did place 5-meo - dmt in schedule i " as an attempt to define and clarify some legal issues . "
some common but unrecommended practices can adversely affect the svea ’s performance and reliability .
but also the frequency of rear - end crashes can be increased by the installation of traffic lights , and they can adversely affect the safety of bicycle and pedestrian traffic .
major depression is a disabling condition which adversely affects a person 's family , work or school life , sleeping and eating habits , and general health .
the disadvantage is that this type of weapon can be decoyed and is adversely affected by stealth features of the submarine .
primarily implemented due to cost concerns , the decision to standardize on a single canned wet individual ration resulted in a severe weight penalty for troops marching on foot through the jungles of vietnam while carrying a multi - day supply of mci cans , adversely affecting combat readiness and increasing soldier fatigue ( a typical complete individual ration of cans for one day weighed five and a half pounds ) .
experience with the hh-53b showed that the original tank was too big , adversely affecting performance when they were fully fueled , and so a smaller tank was adopted in its place .
the station was removed from dab shortly afterwards to allow an additional service , rté pulse to launch without adversely affecting station bandwidth .
these disorders adversely impacted the finances of the empire .
the colonial fleet learned that the atmosphere of the planet ragnar emitted a kind of radiation that adversely affected cylon technology and cloaked ships residing within the storm .
this type of breeding can adversely affect the health and temperament of the individual dog as well as the breed .
nutrient deficiencies in these areas can adversely affect plant growth and development .
this bird has been adversely affected by deforestation in parts of its range .
at the start of the 2004 spring clay court season , henin 's health was adversely affected by infection with a strain of cytomegalovirus and an immune system problem .
américo castro y quesada ( 1885 – 1972 ) was a spanish cultural historian , philologist , and literary critic who challenged some of the prevailing notions of spanish identity , raising heated controversy with his conclusions that ( 1 ) spaniards did n't become the distinct group they are today until after the islamic conquest of hispania of 711 ce , an event that turned them into a christian caste coexisting among muslims and jews , and ( 2 ) the history of spain and portugal was adversely affected with the success in the eleventh to fifteenth centuries of the " reconquista " or christian reconquest of the iberian peninsula and with the spanish expulsion of the jews ( 1492 ) .
older stands of dry sclerophyll may be adversely affected by fire .
because the ichor was similar in function to blood , poisons and other toxic substances that were circulated in its bloodstream would adversely affect a vampire , although no dosage was large enough to cause death .
this can lead to tension and resentment , which in turn can diminish morale and adversely affect the ability of the officers to function as a team and be productive .
for an example of how the rules adversely affected the racing , kyle petty ran the entire 500 miles on the same left side tires .
like most eating disorders , rumination can adversely affect normal functioning and the social lives of individuals .
in addition , the government guaranteed protection to industrial enterprises by instituting high tariffs and by banning the importation of commodities that might adversely affect production of domestic goods .
the provision of cheap housing proved to be inadequate compensation for the loss of thousands of urban jobs , the decline of public transportation , the advent of suburbanization , and a host of other trends that adversely affected urban dwellers .
in particular , he initially expressed misgivings about the government 's proposed sale of telstra , the partially state - owned telecommunications company , and claimed that he would vote against the sale unless he and the rest of the party were satisfied that its service in rural areas was adequate and that privatisation would not adversely affect it .
the direct drive turbines then in use did have one significant drawback in that they ran at a relatively high speed which required small - diameter , fine - pitch propellers of a large blade area which adversely affected maneuverability at low speeds .
no activities in areas under u.s. jurisdiction are known to be adversely affecting recovery of this species at the present time .
there has been increasing concern since 2006 over the " wall effect " caused by uniform high - rise developments which adversely impact air circulation .
a method for sanitizing fowl that has been killed , plucked and eviscerated , comprising contacting the fowl with an aqueous solution , which consists essentially of a sanitizing concentration of at least a 100 ppm peracetic acid ... and maintaining that contact for a time sufficient to sanitize the fowl without adversely affecting the fowl .
the power generation , water supply and ultimately the whole economy of southern india is adversely affected .
moisture affects explosives adversely by acting as an inert material that absorbs heat when vaporized , and by acting as a solvent medium that can cause undesired chemical reactions .
acknowledging that an improvement in one area of a system can adversely affect another area of the system , it promotes organizational communication at all levels in order to avoid the silo effect .
many of the major cities of the world have been adversely affected by global warming , the most significant of which are new orleans , louisiana and charlotte , north carolina , which have been flooded by rising sea levels , and mexico city , which is described as " hell on earth .
legal and regulatory risk : sometimes governments change the law in a way that adversely affects a bank 's position .
bomb efficiency is very adversely affected by the cooling of neutrons since it delays the reaction .
in 2002 , she won the lannan foundation 's cultural freedom award for her work " about civil societies that are adversely affected by the world ’s most powerful governments and corporations , " in order " to celebrate her life and her ongoing work in the struggle for freedom , justice and cultural diversity . "
changes that took place over the following thirty years adversely affected the area and reflected changes in society in general .
other arguments presented in the letters included the idea ( put forward by the area ’s mp , arthur cyril boyce ) that angelina must be not guilty because her pregnancy made her temporarily insane , the idea that angelina should be praised for taking the life of a sexually immoral man , and the argument that angelina ’s fear of her impending doom would adversely affect her unborn baby , therefore she should be pardoned .
the office of economic adjustment ( oea ) is the u.s. department of defense 's ( dod ) primary source for assisting communities that are adversely impacted by defense program changes , including base closures or realignments , base expansions , and contract or program cancellations .
the rule may also adversely affect position traders by preventing them from setting stops on the first day they enter positions .
it also found that biofuels would contribute to rising prices for some commodities that would adversely affect the poorest , but that the scale of these effects was complex and uncertain to model .
the cep is thus adversely biased by a wide error spread in a longitudinal axis ( due to shallow incidence angle ) .
consequently they lead to simplistic and/or incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions adversely affecting communities and their residents . "
hillman states that " it seems to me that menu food is out to do whatever menu foods wants to do in a way that could adversely impact the rights " of the plaintiffs .
these new technologies adversely affected the northern cod population in two important ways : by increasing the area and depth that was fished , the cod were being depleted to the point that the surviving fish were incapable of replenishing the stock lost each year ; and secondly , the trawlers caught enormous amounts of non - commercial fish , which although economically unimportant , held huge ecological significance : incidental catch undermines the functioning of the ecosystem as a whole , depleting stocks of important predator and prey species .
these anticoagulant properties can also be amplified adversely by binge drinking , with the individual becoming over - anticoagulated and at increase risk of a stroke or heart attack .
in 1934 , the city diverted polluted waters upstream from the taxpayer 's property , adversely affecting the fishing on the taxpayer 's property and causing flooding and erosion .
to reduce string friction in the nut , which can adversely affect tuning stability , some guitarists fit a roller nut .
both were eventually exonerated in courts martial , but their careers were adversely affected .
the finding that the climate has warmed in recent decades and that human activities are already contributing adversely to global climate change has been endorsed by every national science academy that has issued a statement on climate change , including the science academies of all of the major industrialized countries .
an example of such a participant would be a large steel melting furnace , which may take a day to heat up using an electric arc or induction heater , and is not adversely affected if the process is delayed by 20 minutes .
choluteca , chiquito , and guacerique rivers are adversely affected by ongoing urbanization of tegucigalpa , and so by consequence , the laureles and la concepción storage reservoirs have become quite contaminated .
in an interview , hall stated that " when the media writes , it should exercise great caution that it 's not promoting stereotypes that will adversely impact on identifiable groups .
unlike fins , bilge keels do not have any components inside the hull that would adversely affect cargo or mission spaces .
" motor " magazine tested a series iii manumatic equipped saloon in 1957 recording a top speed of , virtually unchanged from the series ii and acceleration from 0- in 30.5 seconds , adversely affected by the manumatic option .
" the s - band antenna amplifier degradation does not affect adversely the company ’s one - way “ simplex ” data transmission services , which utilize only the l - band uplink from a subscriber ’s “ simplex ” terminal to the satellites . "
municipalities are separated when regional or single - tier status is not appropriate for the municipality 's population patterns , but their population is still large enough that it may adversely affect the county 's ability to provide services to its smaller communities .
firing the gun would often adversely affect the delicate electronics , which were at the early stages of transitioning to solid state , so the missile and guidance system was omitted from vehicles deployed to vietnam .
the members of the gay community were not the only people adversely affected by the save our children campaign .
several studies , including those by the un , show that the performance of the bimaru states has adversely affected the gdp growth rate of india .
flight tests showed the fabric covering of the ailerons " ballooned " at high speeds , adversely affecting the aerodynamics .
defaulting on a loan can adversely affect credit for many years .
later in the century the valley 's first significant industry adversely affected the water quality the trout depended on .
among the objections were that the scheme was contrary to the unitary development plan and the green belt , and would adversely affect common land , open countryside and areas of ecological importance and special landscape value .
country risk refers to the risk of investing in a country , dependent on changes in the business environment that may adversely affect operating profits or the value of assets in a specific country .
the dispute continued to affect mexico - united states relations adversely until president john f. kennedy agreed to settle it on the basis of the 1911 arbitration award .
a statement of demonstrated ability does not expire and authorizes a designated aviation medical examiner to issue a medical certificate of a specified class if the examiner finds that the condition described on its face has not adversely changed .
oxfam australia actively lobbies australian mining companies and governments for them to adhere to policies and practices that support the rights of disadvantaged people who might be adversely affected by mining activities .
while this verse is brief in regards to words and time , it denotes a subtle and increasing disaffection in the american / texan experience , adversely affected by seemingly non - relevant incidences .
such agents may adversely affect the quality of final product .
typically , a large part of the mass fraction of a satellite is liquid propellant at / near beginning of life ( bol ) , and slosh can adversely impact satellite performance in a number of ways .
the quality of manor pressings was not very good , but one could probably attribute that to the war time shellac shortage , which adversely affected even the major labels during wwii .
also , there has been a shift from the level of co - operation , trust , and reciprocity within villages to a move of self interest , all of which have been adversely affected by the war .
the third claim is that the album is adversely titled merely as a tongue - in - cheek gesture .
this adversely affects the humans , who otherwise seem to exist in a wary truce with the mechs .
this is both due to the conditions under which gas membranes are installed are often difficult and can adversely compromise the integrity required by the manufacturer / client .
there is no evidence of caving activity adversely affecting the bat population .
compounds and their metabolites need to be removed from the body via excretion , usually through the kidneys ( urine ) or in the feces . unless excretion is complete , accumulation of foreign substances can adversely affect normal metabolism .
although the prospect of steady wages attracted many pearl divers to oil - related jobs , pearling was even more adversely affected by the development in japan of the cultured pearl .
re - bidding on the city contracts they held through various front companies would , however , adversely affect the cleveland family 's interests .
over the last several decades , excess nitrogen may have adversely affected diatoms — microscopic , single - celled algae at the base of the food chain , which make shells ( ' frustules ' ) of opaline silica .
both are concerned over the fate of a fellow prisoner that the very nature of the negative zone has adversely affected .
on an administration proposal that could adversely affect his district , michel stated that he might " abdicate my leadership role [ on this issue ] since i ca n't harmonize my own views with the administration 's . "
some opponents of the construction of the geelong ring road feared that the inclusion of the road in the local geelong roads ecosystem would have adversely affected the environmental conditions in the geelong area .
however , the grain structure hardens and embrittles the metal , which adversely affects the workability of the material , especially when rolling it .
however , an eco - warrior is also someone who utilizes the courts to halt , suspend , or otherwise derail a human activity that the activist believes adversely impacts the environment .
populations are being adversely affected by the west nile virus , particularly in california 's central valley .
the piankeshaw and kickapoo had also been adversely affected by treaties and migrated closer to prophetstown .
a large portion of the securities was understood on the street to represent a number of companies in mexico that were adversely impacted by political turmoil south of the border at the time .
colorism also adversely affects the relationships between african american men and women .
because of the transfer behaviour of the voters , each party can stand many more candidates than there are winners in total without being adversely affected .
direct light , whether it be sunlight or incandescent , can adversely react with phenolic compounds in the wine and create potential wine faults .
as a broad field it has developed a variety of curative and preventive interventions for the unborn , at childbirth , for the new born , infants and adults who are adversely affected by early prenatal and perinatal dysfunction and trauma .
some critics argued that the cuts were ideological in nature , and would adversely affect the most vulnerable canadians .
such space is gained by the alleviation of debts against relevant financial institutions without adversely affecting integral business relationships with partners and customers .
although the complaint contained various allegations of harm , justice stewart relied almost exclusively on scrap ’s allegation that each of its members " ' [ u]ses the forest , rivers , streams , mountains , and other natural resources of the washington metropolitan area and at his legal residence , for camping , hiking , fishing , sightseeing , and other recreational [ and ] aesthetic purposes , ' and that these uses have been adversely affected by the increased freight rates … . "
some readers have been put off by this , complaining that the nonlinearity is not worth the trouble and adversely affects the clarity of the story .
there is no evidence of caving activity adversely affecting the bat population .
the essential american position was that france should take no action not explicitly required by the armistice terms that could adversely affect allied efforts in the war .
comparative studies of pregnant women suggest that liquorice can also adversely affect both iq and behaviour traits of offspring .
pollution may adversely affect the health of the seas and ultimately limit man 's ability , or that of future generations , to use the seas as a sustainable resource .
because a homeowner does not build any equity in an interest - only loan he may be adversely affected by prevailing market conditions at the time he is either ready to sell the house or refinance .
the anxiety adversely affected his performance during the early filming .
in 1977 , the commission formed a " sub - commission to study , with a view to formulating guidelines , if possible , the question of the protection of those detained on the grounds of mental ill - health against treatment that might adversely affect the human personality and its physical and intellectual integrity " .
this criterion posits that over time erroneous beliefs and logical errors will be revealed , while if the belief is true , the mere passage of time can not adversely affect its validity .
cilia defects adversely affect " numerous critical developmental signaling pathways " essential to cellular development and thus offer a plausible hypothesis for the often multi - symptom nature of a large set of syndromes and diseases .
the irish team was fairly strong in the mid and late 19th century , and sent several touring parties abroad , but development of the sport was adversely affected first by the gaelic athletic association 's ban on its members taking part in " foreign " sports and then by the creation of the irish free state ; many of the best cricketers in ireland had been british soldiers and civil servants and their withdrawal led to a decline in the overall standard of the game .
dr. crew engaged in a campaign to have new york ’s independent investigator edward f. stancik removed by accusing him of exaggerating his reports saying they were overly dramatic and adversely affected the school system .
ground water supplies may be adversely affected by surface mining .
brazil has been adversely effected by deregulation in the 1990s , which has seen boom and bust cycles in the coffee market .
the differences in driver ability are usually dwarfed when compared to the relative speed of the different makes of cars , and on - track overtaking is very rare due to the aerodynamics of trailing cars being adversely affected by the car in front ( making overtaking only possible by very risky and thus rarely - taken chances , or a much faster car trailing a slower one ) .
like most cells , amoebae are adversely affected by excessive osmotic pressure caused by extremely saline or dilute water .
nearby pond lake , mckay marsh , bell marsh and hammer marsh will be adversely affected .
additionally , a pre - season injury to pennington , a broken wrist during a game against the giants , would adversely affect the jets throughout 2003 .
the cotton mill industry was adversely affected during 1900 and 1901 due to the flight of workers because of the plague .
a research team studied stefansson 's health looking for signs that his " unusual " diet had adversely affected his health .
the board of education school was shifted on its foundation , and the gospel hall was adversely affected .
wasteful spending : nehi research found that a full third of health care spending , or $ 800 billion , could be cut without adversely impacting quality .
as components have scaled and transistors have got closer together , the insulating dielectrics have thinned to the point where charge build up and crosstalk adversely affect the performance of the device .
many put this down to concern about loss of forestry jobs under labor 's environment policy , which had the potential to adversely effect sidebottom 's electorate .
the effluents from this dump has leached into ground water and has adversely affected it to an extent that consumption is possible only when strict rules are enforced to protect the marsh from dumping the garbage .
in the united kingdom , mary whitehouse denounced it as one of the " video nasties " subgenre of violent horror cinema , which ' might ' adversely affect human behaviour .
bangledox practices do not adversely affect the environment .
the three australian companies adversely mentioned in the un report ( awb limited , alkaloids of australia pty limited , and rhine ruhr pty ltd ) were granted leave to be represented by counsel before the royal commission
alan aviles , hhc president , said regarding the cuts , " we can try and ensure that patients who are adversely affected can be linked to alternative care .
subsequent research found that while large doses of msg given without food may elicit more symptoms than a placebo in individuals who believe that they react adversely to msg , the frequency of the responses was low and the responses reported were inconsistent , not reproducible , and were not observed when msg was given with food .
most of the cases accepted for review are generated from petitions filed by parties adversely affected by an alj decision .
he was subsequently pardoned , but his career was adversely impacted by the allegations .
sho - saiko - to reacts adversely with interferon treatment , and can lead to health complications if taken concurrent with interferon treatment .
however , as of 2007 , much of the lobbying efforts failed with most attention focusing on mass transit improvements , including the proposal to build a regional rail system , instead of a beltway that would adversely impact rural and environmentally sensitive lands .
due to the 2004 indian ocean earthquake , lagoon fishery was adversely affected , with many fishing communities losing all means of livelihood until the middle of april 2005 , as the loss of lives , homes and boats prevented them from going fishing in the sea and the lake .
her research on " agrobacterium " also showed that the genes responsible for causing disease could be removed from the bacterium without adversely affecting its ability to insert its own dna into plant cells and modify the plants genome .
other factors adversely impacting performance included the lack of an lsd ( limited slip differential ) and having to shift into third gear to get to 60 .
the parachutes of the time were also heavy and cumbersome , and the added weight was frowned upon by some experienced pilots as it adversely affected aircraft with already marginal performance .
also , it is prohibited for anyone to start a hotel , restaurant , or other public establishment which might adversely influence the livonian culture or draw outsiders into the area .
another chronic problem is unreliable rainfall , which produces drought or sudden floods ; in 1995 , the country 's worst drought in 30 years forced morocco to import grain and adversely affected the economy .
hg is a toxic pollutant that can adversely affect exposed nervous systems .
the yerkes - dodson law states that there is a relationship between arousal and task performance , essentially arguing that there is an optimal level of arousal for performance , and too little or too much arousal can adversely affect task performance .
the strategy recognized the economic links of the global system and how any disruption due to regional crises — man made or natural — can adversely impact the u.s. economy and quality of life .
people in the village are adversely affected by the effects of the civil war .
the use of starch , sizing , and any process that involves dry - cleaning or steam press will adversely affect the treatments and durability of the uniform and is not authorized . "
a. j. arberry in 1942 called it " by far the most important monograph on ghazali so far written , " but adversely noted the importation of foreign religious sentiments into asín 's work on the muslim theologian .
she worked in the 90s to obtain damages for women adversely affected by breast implants .
this does not adversely affect message latencies as long as the duration of the minor time frame in all nodes matches closely .
in the early 1890s , a depressed sheep and wool market affected the northern new mexico economy adversely .
doer announced in february 2009 that his government would spend $ 1 million on special training for northern manitoba workers , following a global economic downtown that adversely affected the province 's forestry and mining sectors .
event ' , in the security paradigm , comprises those undertaken by actors intentionally for purposes that adversely affect the organisation .
this may or may not affect behaviour in the applications layer , depending largely on whether the data manipulation language or protocol has changed - but modern applications are written to be agnostic to the database technology so that a change from oracle to mysql , db2 or sql server should only require a testing cycle to be confident that both functional and non - functional performance has not been adversely affected .
he began photographing the series in 2003 , and in 2006 , began exhibiting the work at colleges across the united states as part of fearlesscampustour.org , a self - created endeavor to widely exhibit these photographs in non - traditional art venues such as student centers and college gyms so that large groups of college students could see the activist project and think about the way homophobia adversely affects society , particularly in sports .
among various natural hazards , earthquakes , landslides , floods and cyclones are the major disasters adversely affecting very large areas and population in the indian sub - continent .
