the aate program is under the larger research and development umbrella of the versatile affordable advanced turbine engines ( vaate ) program .
in 1917 a group of investors sought to build an affordable hotel near fort street union station .
these subsidies kept tolls at an affordable level .
the centers study critical trends facing rural communities in their quest to secure adequate , affordable , high - quality health services for their residents .
emmac ’s products were mass - produced in china at an affordable price ; however this was achieved at the sacrifice of expenditure on research and development .
ces ' first organizing campaigns focused on transportation , utilities , affordable food and employment issues .
iqra foundation runs a hostel in karachi where about twelve outstanding students of different universities and colleges are staying.the hostel has a nice library and furnished rooms for students on affordable expenses .
most notable , network ministries runs a safe house for women escaping prostitution , as well as constructing a 38-unit affordable housing apartment building .
its first project supported the building of affordable senior housing for its congregation .
the v8 configuration of the " strato - flite " 287 cubic inch engine that replaced it in 1955 did away with all the crankshaft and l - head related problems , replacing the depression era " cheap 8 " with a truly modern , durable but yet affordable design perfectly matched to pontiac 's target market .
in the latter part of the 20th century , the town grew considerably and became wealthier , with affordable housing and combating urban sprawl emerging as major local issues .
the space today offers affordable studios for emerging and established artists , with two roomy exhibition galleries , a window gallery for installations , and an outdoor performance and exhibition space .
new artists are chosen by a selection panel which seeks out fresh , innovative and affordable work .
he increased other affordable housing production from 342 units when he took office to 2,240 units , winning san francisco ’s first national recognition from the u.s. department of housing and urban development for excellence in rental rehabilitation and a special achievement award .
developers taking advantage of chapter 40b must construct 20% affordable units as defined under the statute .
its affordable price made it popular among local taxi drivers .
on land the rickshaws were extremely popular when they were first imported from japan in 1874 , since it was affordable and necessary for street merchants to haul goods .
the scheme comprises a mixture of new build apartments , apartments converted from the existing hospital buildings , new build offices , affordable housing , and retail / leisure uses .
california lutheran university offers many scholarships , grants , and loans to students which makes clu affordable to students of all financial backgrounds .
over the years , the house has been refurbished several times , so that it now provides modern and affordable lodging for scouts , guides , and their families , staying in london .
bloomberg has increased city funding for the new development of affordable housing .
baked enamel and rostone — a man - made type of masonry that could be molded into specific shapes and produced in various colors — were hailed as affordable and durable home construction options .
prior to the advent of personal file storage services , off - site backup services were not typically affordable for individual and small office computer users .
this " affordable retirement community " on a mixed income and multiple age campus , is seen as the natural fulfillment of the original vision that established epiphany house -- only , with the services to be provided at stadium place so that those who choose to live there , will never be forced , byhealth , or finances , to leave .
his clients included a nationally - recognized small business administration lender called the self - help ventures fund ; the downtown housing improvement corporation , one of north carolina ’s most successful nonprofit housing developers ; and several nationally - prominent affordable housing and community development organizations .
the formerly more affordable price of housing in southern maryland versus northern virginia , also led tens of thousands of commuters to live in southern maryland and commute on the beltway to virginia .
the golden triangle consists mostly of affordable ( 1 to 2.9 million dollars ) four - bedroom ranch homes on quarter acre lots gradually being replaced by mediterranean custom designs .
the automobile was revolutionary not only because it was the first south american automobile , but also because it was affordable for all of peru 's economic classes .
it was designated officially at pontiac as a " regular performance " model created to fill the affordable sports market niche between the base catalina , upon which it was built , and the brand new gto .
phase one of playa vista began in 2001 as " a mix of affordable and luxury housing , office and commercial space and open spaces and recreational amenities , all set next to a restored wetlands and wildlife preserve . "
the term was soon grabbed by a reviewer from american audio magazine stereophile , who in 1994 , after densen 's launch of the b-100 at the winter ces named the densen dm-20/dm-30 preamp / poweramplifier combination “ highest airguitar factor and best affordable sound ” at the ces .
established by united states trained pakistani doctors in the 1980s to provide non - affordable , international standard , and quality healthcare .
in october 2009 , marlboro submitted a notice that they were thinking of changing the site of the affordable housing plan as it was discovered that ground contamination was located at the current proposed site .
the idea was to develop affordable and comfortable housing for the working class .
he also made available daily necessities such as rice and soap at affordable prices in the market .
the church served as a last resort for many cherry hill residents in need of food , clothing , counseling , job placement and was a location of community organizing around the issues facing welfare recipients and the lack of affordable housing .
unless the unlimited plans become affordable enough to most people , the overage charges are here to stay .
shorebank has helped finance the purchase and renovation of 49,000 affordable housing residences .
in the late 1950s , the canada mortgage and housing corporation expropriated malvern 's farms to build a " model community " of affordable homes .
the " north side site " was recommended due to its affordable cost , potential to develop the surrounding area , and opportunity to incorporate the city skyline into the stadium 's design .
columbia offered an affordable liberal education , as well as a faculty made up mostly of working professionals .
implicit in this last condition are the right of men and women to be informed [ about ] and to have access to safe , effective , affordable and acceptable methods of family planning of their choice , as well as other methods for regulation of fertility which are not against the law , and the right of access to appropriate health - care services that will enable women to go safely through pregnancy and childbirth and provide couples with the best chance of having a healthy infant . ” "
although they are light in construction , they have the advantages of being space - saving and versatile as well as inexpensive , being suitable for light machining that may otherwise not be affordable .
banks such as barclays and citibank are also working with the susu and similar groups , essentially providing them affordable credit , which in turn the susu can loan to their customers .
in the process the organization creates and helps sustain high - quality limited - equity housing cooperatives that are to remain affordable , in perpetuity , to people of low and middle - income .
in november 2009 , boucher voted along with 39 other democrats against the affordable health care for america act .
easyjet 's early marketing strategy was based on " making flying as affordable as a pair of jeans " and urged travellers to " cut out the travel agent " .
amplifiers with isolation have historically been more expensive than alternatives , but time and innovation have reduced their price to such affordable levels that they should be seriously , if not exclusively considered as an instrumentation solution for any high voltage current shunt application .
health care for all new york ( hcfany ) is a statewide coalition dedicated to winning affordable , comprehensive , quality health care for all new yorkers .
compared to other south bay bedroom communities milpitas is considered affordable .
by may 2006 , dc vice president for design and dc direct creative georg brewer reported that " in order to fulfill the creative goals for the piece and keep it affordable , we had to pull it to work through some production issues . " in september 2006 , the dc website wrote that dc direct " hope(s ) to have this great replica ready in 2007 " , and the helmet was displayed with upcoming items during the february 2007 toy fair .
hosted on world - class servers by our partners , admin esolutions freedom 's powerful , affordable web empowerment tools enable an organization of any size to control and manage its own online content .
it is picked first from the shelves because of its international popularity and affordable price .
music theatre louisville is a non - profit organization in louisville , kentucky , dedicated to producing , presenting , and developing diverse and affordable entertainment .
goico 's website is not up to date , but lists some of his accomplishments from the 2006 legislative session as introducing bills on " providing affordable airfares for kansans flying from wichita , restricting picketing at military funerals , and using eminent domain to combat drug houses . "
its tagline was : " making free software affordable " .
performance zoning often utilizes a " points - based " system whereby a property developer can apply credits toward meeting established zoning goals through selecting from a ' menu ' of compliance options ( some examples include : mitigation of environmental impacts , providing public amenities , building affordable housing units , etc . ) .
funded by a grant from the bill & melinda gates foundation through the institute for oneworld health , amyris biotechnologies and uc berkeley have been working together on the artemisinin project since 2004 to help create a non - seasonal , high - quality , affordable artemisinin supply .
small to medium size associations , in general , seek solutions that offer key association management functionality at an affordable price .
the afterschool alliance is a nonpartisan nonprofit organization whose mission is " to ensure that all children have access to affordable , quality afterschool programs . "
one of pietenpol 's goal was to create a plane that was affordable and easy to construct for home builders .
a van version was developed soon afterwards for commercial usage and was used extensively by la poste , while public demand for four - door cars ( and the introduction of affordable 4-door models from french rivals peugeot and simca ) resulted in a 4-door juvaquatre in 1939 .
layton and duceppe remained committed to their proposed coalition and toppling the harper government , with layton demanding that the conservatives provide affordable housing and childcare programs , alongside subsidies for struggling industries .
service follows a traditional " lcc " model , with all - economy seating and a focus on reliability and affordable fares .
lb 1322 , which created the nebraska affordable housing act , was passed by the legislature and signed by the governor on april 17 , l996 .
the community development division is also planning the affordable and moderately priced residential and mixed use communities of pulelehua in west maui and the expansion of haliimaile in the " upcountry " area of maui known as kula .
richards was strongly critical of the stupak - pitts amendment , which places limits on taxpayer - funded abortions in the context of the november 2009 affordable health care for america act .
in 2005 , edgar founded truemodern , designing and manufacturing a line of affordable modern children 's furniture .
continued proper and affordable maintenance of the road network in addison is in the interest of all residents though financial support for doing so was not particularly supported in the public survey .
thus , people can not have everything they want and must look for the most affordable alternatives .
brown helped established an afl - cio housing trust to build affordable housing and he worked to increase the city ’s share of federal and state grants .
conservative sources , including " the weekly standard " and fox news channel , raised the charge that obama was hoping to influence matheson 's brother to vote for the patient protection and affordable care act .
jovenes , inc. offers employment services which include the teaching of resume building , interview skills and job referrals ; a learning center with live and computerized life skills and vocational skills workshops , ged preparation , english as a second language , and computer classes ; emergency shelter and transitional housing with supportive services for male youth 18 - 24 ; permanent , affordable housing with supportive services to open in 2008 for career bound homeless youth , 18 - 24 , enrolled in trade apprenticeship , vocational training and college programs ; case management and referrals ; counseling and support groups ; health education and referrals ; hiv / aids education and testing ; weekly street outreach to homeless latinos including information , referrals , brown bag lunches and hiv education and testing ; and a twice a week self - help group for homeless immigrants ; and a community arts program offering painting , photography and film workshops for at - risk inner - city children and young adults .
a membership- and chapter - based organization , epip works with about 1,000 individuals and institutions to provide affordable , highly - valuable networking , leadership and professional development , and an advocacy voice for the next generation of grantmakers .
the battery powered vehicle aimed to solve environmental problems and be the first truly affordable vehicle at £ 399 .
he highlighted the need to improve rural and urban health services , making them affordable for all , and specifically mentioned the need to control aids , tuberculosis , and schistosomiasis .
degette was strongly critical of the stupak - pitts amendment , which places limits on taxpayer - funded abortions ( except in the case of rape , incest , or life of the mother ) in the context of the november 2009 affordable health care for america act .
areas of focus include affordable cooperative housing , health care , assisted living / long - term care , and charter schools .
this was the first format that allowed pornography to become a mass market phenomena , it now being more affordable and more easily acquired than any previous form .
technological improvements in printing flooded the market with affordable novels with illustrations of high quality .
located on the campus of the university of california , irvine , university hills was built by the irvine campus housing authority as a place for faculty to find affordable , local housing .
llltvs tend to be more affordable than ir cameras , which typically cover ranges from 3 to 5 µm ( mwir)or 8 to 12 µm ( lwir )
affordable housing .
food and household products are sold at affordable prices under the brand .
the neighborhood saw an influx of college students from drexel university , among other institutions , move into the area in search of affordable housing .
" by 1948 , despite the inability to obtain bank loans , mr. cumberbach and mr. davidson made a gross income of $ 200,000 ... " their d & c corp. was the driving force behind the carver park " affordable housing " development in wyandanch .
food items are easily available at affordable prices .
the size of the city has increased manifold in recent years , spurred on by a residential boom due to people moving away from mumbai to find affordable homes and good amenities .
as it is mostly software - based , match moving has become increasingly affordable as the cost of computer power has declined ; it is now an established visual - effects tool .
greenbelt alliance publishes reports on land use policy , affordable housing , smart growth , sprawl development , open space protection , and farming .
ronan point , named after harry louis ronan ( a former chairman of the housing committee of the london borough of newham ) , was part of the wave of tower blocks built in the 1960s as cheap , affordable prefabricated housing for inhabitants of the west ham region of london .
in the oriole teams of the late 1970s and early 1980s , weaver made frequent use of platoons , with the most obvious example being the use of gary roenicke and john lowenstein in left field , absent affordable full - time solutions .
the magazine was originally printed in australia with the griffin press in adelaide but almost immediately switched to hong kong as high quality printing at an affordable price was not then available in australia .
the army campus was created with an objective of providing quality education along with extra - curriculum and physical activities at an affordable rate .
when automobiles became affordable in the united states and forced busing ensued , many middle and high - income residents , who were mostly white , moved to suburbs to have larger lots and houses , and less crime and diversity .
active in her local community , mcfarlane served on the white bear lake school board from 2000 - 2006 , as a member of the white bear lake area educational foundation , as founding president of the white bear lake area alumni association , as former president and board member of the 916 foundation , and as a co - chair of the northeast chapter of micah , an affordable housing resource organization .
the new yorker was priced a little more affordable at $ 3,230 for the standard and $ 3,400 for the deluxe .
today , vintage musicmaster basses among the least collectible of fender 's vintage bass guitars , and are thus much more affordable than many comparable vintage fender models .
kulbashian 's internet service provider , affordable spaces , was fined $ 3000 .
in 2005 , shsc began to investigate the impact of rising utility costs and the opportunities to assist the affordable housing sector in responding to the challenges .
with so many affordable and relatively easy to use digital media tools at the disposal of the average citizen , community media can be an important means of acquiring tangible skills which essentially is an empowering component .
according to michael kasavana , national automatic merchandising association endowed professor at the school for hospitality business , michigan state university , the advent of reliable , affordable wireless technology has made telemetry practical and provided the medium through which cashless payments can be authenticated .
with the explosion in the value of real estate in southern california , the supply and quality of housing that is affordable to low - income people is at tremendous risk .
strnad was one of the pioneers of " sozialer wohnbau " in vienna at the time , designing affordable yet comfortable council housing for the working classes .
frank has been a chief advocate of the national housing trust fund , which was created as part of the housing and economic recovery act of 2008 and was the first affordable housing program to be enacted by the congress since 1990 .
the new middle class desired to own beautiful but affordable jewelry , and this desire was realized by its perfect timing : it came during the machine - age and the industrial revolution .
the radio is additionally a crucial factor in the growth and spread of hip hop in australia because it is easily accessed and affordable to have in australia .
these new crops would serve to quench the increasing demand for renewable fuels and affordable groceries .
soundsoap has made audio restoration practical for the typical computer user , by simplifying the tools and process and making them affordable .
greene county offers an outstanding educated , affordable and available work force .
on the market , it competed with nordisk familjebok in its third , condensed edition ( 1923–1937 ) , and it aimed at being affordable for a large audience .
much like engineers in other disciplines , software engineers aspire to build products that are affordable , reliable , and safe .
hud has called this prank , which brought attention to the lack of affordable housing , a " cruel hoax . "
krushi foundation ( http://www.krushifoundation.org ) is a non - profit , service - based organization , dedicated to providing quality and affordable education to under privileged children .
cao was the only republican to vote for the affordable health care for america act ( h.r. 3962 ) on november 7 , 2009 .
in response to the 1973 oil crisis , the eaa launched " project econoplane " to develop an aircraft with high fuel economy that would therefore be affordable for its members to operate .
while they offered a superior network , the market uptake was greatly hampered by the lack of affordable cdma handsets , in particular , those with the vietnamese language option , coupled with the trend of leading manufacturers to scale back handset development for this market .
however , a similar cost was estimated by the cbo at approximately $ 100 billion per year for the america 's affordable health choices act of 2009 .
andrew continues to increase the integration of technology within bwa , and is a passionate believer in the need to close the digital divide not only through the provision of affordable equipment , but also through relevant and meaningful resources made available to every student , and teacher .
and , as it was part of his responsibilities to regulate the housing market , he could not be unaware of the difficulties facing families seeking affordable accommodations .
nbc discontinued their service in 1986 due to the cost of nabts decoders not dropping to an affordable level for the consumer public .
some students also live here in affordable house rents to pursue their education in the schools and colleges of churachandpur town .
a coach is operated from tea tree plaza interchange to gumeracha and mount pleasant by affordable coachlines .
designed to make racing affordable for the teams and to make it the perfect training ground for life in formula one , gp2 has made it mandatory for all of the teams to use the same chassis , engine and tyre supplier so that true driver ability is reflected .
in 2006 , kenneth and gloria were accused by former business associates of leaving tens of thousands of dollars of debt in their failed affordable homes limited business partnership while spending money on other projects .
in 2006 , woking borough council announced a housing private finance initiative ( pfi ) project called priority homes - putting affordable housing first .
he also worked to make health insurance more affordable and require public utilities to use more renewable energy .
" micromarketing " became functionally viable with the proliferation of affordable home computers capable of " tablizing " data in a format that could be tracked and altered by a single user .
transit 2000 aimed at improving the local bus service and the formation of bus rapid transit and light rail , among other things , which was seen as a more affordable approach .
in brackenfell you will find a variety of property including affordable and comfortable accommodation and upmarket luxury property situated on the dramatic foothills of cape town .
following the debate the company was inspired to market affordable second homes .
nader campaigned against the pervasiveness of corporate power and spoke on the need for campaign finance reform , environmental justice , universal healthcare , affordable housing , free education ( including college ) , workers ' rights , legalization of commercial hemp , and a shift in tax policies to place the burden more heavily on corporations than on the middle and lower classes .
in 1956 - 1964 , mordvinov completed two major projects - redevelopment of komsomolsky prospekt and greenfield cheryomushki district which became the symbol of kruschev 's affordable housing initiative .
however , they never saw the $ 5 rule as inviolable , instead aiming to charge a price that was both affordable and profitable .
houses are more affordable in this neighbourhood than in many areas of the city , and most homes are semi - detached .
it has smaller streets and affordable houses for the middle class .
all of this can be seen through affordable horseback riding outlets on the outskirts of the city .
not only did fickett design some of the most expensive homes of the westside in bel air , trousdale , brentwood , the palisades , and malibu ’s broad beach , he also created huge tracts of affordable housing throughout california , many in the san fernando valley and san diego .
new materials like aluminum and fiberglass were proving to be more durable and affordable .
as motor transport became ever more affordable its door to door convenience killed off much of the rail traffic and flordon station was closed in 1961 as part of the beeching cuts after a life of 112 years .
the program 's purpose was the development and building of affordable housing , both rental and co - operatively owned , for middle - income residents .
the mission of the dau is to provide practitioner training , career management , and services to enable the at&l community to make smart business decisions and deliver timely and affordable capabilities to the warfighter .
recognizing that a total elimination of ddt use in many malaria - prone countries is currently unfeasible because there are few affordable or effective alternatives , the public health use of ddt was exempted from the ban until alternatives are developed .
the center attracts a number of foreign nationals also , mostly from the middle - east who seek world class tertiary care at affordable cost
in june 2007 , nhc joined with the arizona department of housing , greater phoenix leadership and the stardust center for affordable homes and the family at arizona state university to sponsor this forum exploring the connections between sound housing and transportation policies .
instead they 're selling surplus nycha land to the city 's housing agency to develop affordable housing .
the zaz model - line cars were intended to be affordable , therefore they were neither safe nor reliable ; nevertheless they were a success since people would rather have some means of transportation as opposed to none at all .
" 1999 " a coalition of fair and affordable housing advocates , including the chicago lawyers ' committee , came together to examine the use of tax increment financing ( " tif " ) in illinois , and the often negative impact tif districts have on the minority and low and very low income households in those districts .
nebraska compromise or cornhusker kickback is the name coined for a deal made in december of 2009 by u.s. senate majority leader harry reid to nebraska ’s democratic senator ben nelson allegedly in order to secure his vote as the last democratic hold - out for a senate bill entitled the " patient protection and affordable care act " ( h.r. 3590 ) sometimes referred to as the senate 's version of “
deaths from infectious and parasitic diseases shot up 100% , mainly because medicines were no longer affordable to the poor .
under this definition , most people in the united states have secured affordable housing arrangements .
as a result , ford falcon was an affordable yet relatively reliable car for its time .
through the late nineteenth century , pimlico saw the construction of several peabody estates , charitable housing projects designed to provide affordable , quality homes .
for these low - volume applications , the premium that companies pay in hardware costs per unit for a programmable chip is more affordable than the development resources spent on creating an asic for a low - volume application .
she also wants to increase affordable housing in the county and to train people to repair houses .
by 1976 affordable polyphonic synthesizers began to appear , notably the yamaha gx1 , cs-50 , cs-60 and cs-80 , the sequential circuits prophet-5 and the oberheim four - voice .
in the us , the jackson city , michigan , city council re - developed a closed nineteenth - century state prison building - complex with affordable housing in the jail - house proper , and artist - loft spaces in the other buildings of the complex .
the band also demanded a low retail price in order to make the product more affordable for their fans worldwide .
gm 's roadmap for plug - in ready communities includes : consumer incentives to make this early technology more affordable ; public and workplace charging infrastructure ; consumer - friendly electricity rates and renewable electricity options ; government and corporate vehicle purchases ; supportive permitting and codes for vehicle charging ; and other incentives such as high - occupancy - vehicle ( hov ) lanes access
it was all finally coming together in late 1995 and into 1996—a much improved flight simulator , more powerful computers that were becoming affordable , the internet for uploading / downloading , programs which allowed users to share their " third party " aircraft and scenery with others and finally forums such as compuserve , avsim and flightsim.com to act as libraries for the uploads and discussion .
his campaign stressed improved transit services , densification of housing , and increased affordable housing , and won endorsements from former councillors larry langley , janice melnychuk , michael phair , and gene dub , and members of the legislative assembly of alberta don massey and raj pannu .
these houses are affordable and are ideal for first time buyers as most are in excellent condition and are competitively priced .
the same year , the fund teamed with acorn on behalf of affordable housing for low - income puerto rican families in east new york .
in europe , where the car is called liana ( an acronym for " life in a new age " ) , it 's seen as a more affordable alternative to small family cars or to mini mpvs , introducing a new generation of suzuki m engines , with 1.3 l and 1.6 l i4 engine .
" health clinic and lab " – providing affordable patient - centred care to communities near nguuni .
he had hoped that he would be able to purchase a house in an affordable location and write .
installment loans ” are generally considered to be safe and affordable alternatives to payday and title loans , and to open ended credit such as credit cards .
sponsored by william t. piper , a bradford industrialist who had invested in the company , the e-2 was meant to be an affordable aircraft that would encourage interest in aviation .
in addition to all the other great amenities , there is free , ample parking here at the joe making this fan - friendly stadium great for a very affordable summer experience .
the program builds " simple , decent , and affordable " housing using volunteer labor and sells them at no profit , with no interest charged on the 25 year mortgage .
it was the last member of the powerbook 100 series to use the original case design , the most affordable of the series when introduced , and also the last consumer model .
he then worked closely with dr hart at the mrc tru and later with wallace fox , director of the mrc tuberculosis and chest diseases research unit on developing effective treatment for tb at a cost sufficiently low to be affordable in developing countries .
metamill is suitable for software engineering teams as well as individual designers who need a professional but affordable tool for uml modeling and engineering .
upa plays an important role in making food more affordable and in providing emergency supplies of food .
locally , she campaigns on the need for more affordable and social housing , more effective steps to increase recycling take - up and reduce energy usage , better regulation of public transport – specifically the bus industry , improvements to the glasgow subway , a more locally accountable planning system , standing up for and improving local sports facilities , creating a safer city centre and the extension of community protections to the west end , better regulation of housing in multiple occupation and supports the campaign to save and restore the kelvingrove park bandstand .
short filmmaking is also growing in popularity among amateurs and enthusiasts , who are taking advantage of affordable equipment .
the city stands next to chennai in tamil nadu for affordable and quality healthcare deliveries of high - standards .
the family also guided much of the development of dorridge as a desirable residential area , though the farming family of the trueloves recognised the need for affordable housing for the ' less wealthy artisans ' and built the terraced housing that remains in poplar road .
slumdwellers have been asked to pay up rs 7,000 per house as the residents offered to shift to resettlement colonies at like holambi kalan , bawana , narela and madanpur khadar , by the slum and jhuggi jhonpari department of the municipal corporation of delhi ( mcd ) , though most of them became homeless since they could not even afford these costs , and further city has virtually no low - income housing that is affordable and legal .
dcha administers 8,000 units of public housing and 12,000 units under the housing choice voucher program ( hcvp ) , providing affordable housing for nearly 10 percent of the district ’s population .
it is an affordable fish that is popular in the southern usa including the memphis and st. louis markets .
since its opening in 1970 , kittay house has provided affordable and independent living with support services for bronx seniors .
mutton is the favorite meat , although it is not always affordable .
conducts following rice milling activities for effective improvement in quality with reasonable affordable charger .
although dimethyl sulfate is highly effective and affordable , its toxicity has encouraged the use of other methylating reagents .
as of late , a large growing subculture of film makers has risen in the wake of technological advancements that have made low budget film making more affordable and pleasing to the eye .
a project of the seiu , and americans for health care , new hampshire for healthcare is a non - partisan organization geared towards quality affordable healthcare for all residents of new hampshire .
it has taken a lead role in criticizing wal - mart for forcing employees to work off the clock , not providing affordable or comprehensive health insurance , and refusing to pay an adequate wage .
this society was part of the movement started by the rochdale pioneers in 1844 , and followed the rochdale principles with the aim of providing decent food at affordable prices in a shop controlled by its customers as a co - operative .
this is why the stanley was kept simple ; to keep the purchase price affordable .
" the mission of the university of houston law center is to build upon the strengths of the nation ’s fourth - largest city by providing an affordable , top - quality legal education to the future leaders of a free society .
in 2008 , chimes increased awareness about hiv / aidshttp://www.studlife.com / polopoly_fs/7.7204!10 - 15 - 08.pdf«/ref > and connected the washington university campus to st. louis doorways , which according to its mission , is " the only organization in the st. louis area whose sole mission is to provide affordable , secure housing and related outreach for people with hiv / aids."http://www.volunteermatch.org / search / org35193.jsp«/ref >
according to the homeart website , the stores are " brimming with inspirational gift ideas , affordable everyday essentials and innovative home decorating products " .
n street village provides brief or long - term shelter , case management , substance abuse recovery and employment services , affordable housing , inner - city ministry education , and advocacy .
the best selling years of this model came between approximately 1998 and 2002 , when foreign market was n't made affordable to the average russian consumer yet , and the economy car class hatchback brands ( such as lada sputnik ) did not offer much for basically the same price .
ethnographic data from anthropologists and sociologists reveal widely available and affordable icts provide qualitative improvement in the lives of low - income people , but not quantitatively improve their livelihood and wealth ( slater and tacchi 2004 and horst and miller 2006 ) .
later , in the early 1970s , intelsat commercialized spade technology , which is credited with allowing developing countries to join global networks by making satellite communications affordable to them .
in 2002 , the saudi health system was established by a royal decree to insure the provision of comprehensive and integrate health care to all population in saudi arabia in a fair minded , organized and affordable manner .
sometimes known as s2000 or s2 , the class was developed by john webb , then of the brands hatch racing circuit in england , as an affordable form of sports car racing , essentially a sports car version of formula ford 2000 .
lee noble ’s passion is to achieve something closer to everyman price levels , so noble automotive set out to build a relatively affordable but still really fast car .
rival car makers including bajaj auto , fiat , general motors , ford motor , hyundai and toyota motor have all expressed interest in building small cars in india that are affordable to more middle - class consumers in emerging markets .
more than 60 per cent of the beds are allocated for subsidised patients , giving them access to an internationally - established standard of affordable healthcare .
both companies offered fast , frequent and affordable express services along the m8 motorway corridor between the two scottish cities , a situation that continued until 13 september 2005 .
he wrote his master 's thesis on using tax credits to build affordable housing .
the lodge had a dormitory that was available to members for an affordable $ 1.65/night .
in many cases , these housing ordinances prevented affordable housing from being built , because the large plots of land required to build within the code restrictions were cost - prohibitive for modestly priced houses .
e - bikes are the cleanest , most affordable and most energy efficient form of transportation on the planet .
an architect 's scale was used to make the first affordable models : doll houses and their furniture .
in addition the innova was designed to be affordable and not expensive as the other mpvs in india .
the fees at the school are affordable .
he is also a member of the arbor day foundation , citizens for a sound economy , and the anne arundel affordable housing coalition .
while refractive surgery is becoming more affordable and safe , it may not be recommended for everybody .
the style guide highlighted affordable high - street fashion , with the pair using themselves to demonstrate clothing which suited different figures .
the mudd brand became popular in 1995 when they introduced their affordable flare - leg jean , which was a popular style at the time .
brantano ( uk ) ltd have recently launched a nationwide advertising campaign in a bid to change the public 's perception of brantano from a discount warehouse , to a high fashion , affordable shoe megastore .
he has helped community members win water and sewage facility and other infrastructure improvements , election campaigns , and increased access to affordable housing .
douglas has a small - town atmosphere with safe , friendly neighborhoods , affordable housing , and excellent medical care .
some companies - like utg with their popular mp5 and ak-47 models - have improved their quality to such an extent that some models are now considered simply as mid - ranged aegs that are more affordable but still reasonably effective .
critics argued that the freeze was an unwarranted overreaction , and made it even more difficult for the city 's homeless to find affordable housing .
in 1998 the u.s. air force and u.s. army lockheed martin began to examine the feasibility of a small , affordable cruise missile weapon for use against armoured and unarmoured vehicles , materiel and personnel , and if so develop a demonstration program .
corinthian pointe is a large planned affordable subdivision located in houston , texas , united states .
critics countered that similar set - asides for affordable housing have gone unfulfilled in previous large - scale developments , such as battery park city .
he is also president of the board of the community builders , inc. , the nation ’s largest nonprofit developer of affordable housing .
the " new york times " reported this proved to be the case in williamsburg as well , as developers largely decided to forgo incentives to build affordable housing in inland areas .
cdf works to ensure access to affordable , seamless , comprehensive health and mental health coverage and services for all children and pregnant mothers .
companies such as casio , timex , and seiko specialize in watches as affordable timepieces or multifunctional computers .
we support and nurture these businesses , and help connect them with funders so they can work towards providing communities with access to energy at affordable prices .
in 1999 , karl collaborated with community and environmental activists , city officials , and other supporters to establish berkeley 's ecohouse , purchasing a small run - down residence adjacent to the karl linn community garden and transforming it into a model of affordable ecological technologies .
it is an affordable entry - level series that gentleman drivers race .
it was similar to the yamaha dx1 but was more affordable .
the story starts off with princeton , a recent college graduate , looking for an affordable apartment in new york city while attempting to find his purpose in life ( " what do you do with a ba in english ? " ) .
due to raising demand and overhunting , its prices in china skyrocketed by the mid-1990 ; large - scale turtle farming in china and neighboring countries , raising this species by hundreds of millions was the response , with prices soon returning to a more affordable level .
of the 75 dwellings , 30% of them are due to be affordable housing .
he has described himself as a community activist in the area , campaigning on such issues as the local hospital , transport , drugs and affordable housing .
cuvée , a new nightspot near blue back square , mixes upscale with affordable .
the neighborhood was serving as an affordable destination for new renters and first - time home - owners— particularly first - and second - generation european immigrants .
his research has explored a wide range of social policy domains , including primary and higher education , race and gender equality , affordable housing , and the aids crisis .
many young families find that they must move inland to find affordable lots for new construction .
all homeless malaysians are to be provided affordable homes and not low - cost flats by law .
sub - committees of the executive committee include the budget committee , affordable housing committee and the employee and labour relations committee .
furthermore , some large cities develop " satellite " gay villages that are essentially " overflow " areas ; in such cases , lesbians and gay men become priced - out of gentrified gay villages and move to other , more affordable areas , thereby creating entirely new gay villages .
to address this problem foundations and trends® in communications and information theory will publish high - quality survey and tutorial monographs of the field using modern techniques to enable both instant linking to the primary research in its electronic form and affordable paper copies , finally delivering on the promise to authors of multiple channel publishing from a single source .
according to waterfront toronto , plans for the area include nearly 6,000 new residential spaces with twenty percent being allocated as ' affordable ' or ' subsidized ' housing .
the connector waiver can be obtained if the resident demonstrates that there is no available coverage that is defined by the connector as affordable .
let 's go is a travel guide series started in 1960 when the introduction of affordable flights to europe prompted a group of enterprising harvard students to put together a 210-page pamphlet of travel tips for a new breed of traveler - the student on a budget .
a few private buses also have daily service to pune and mumbai and major maharashtriyan cities every night with very affordable rates .
financial aid options make earning a degree affordable for students , who otherwise would have no financial resources to go to college .
the " “ flota mercanmte grancolombiana ” " ( colombian ocean freight merchant fleet ) was created in 1946 , with the purpose of establishing new routes and offering better rates for the exportation of colombian coffee , and thus , to make this commodity more accessible and affordable in international markets .
net ' , it was affordable to many boys , many of whom would have been at work , as the school - leaving age was 14 . authorship is attributed thus : ' by b - p ( lieut .
in 2001 the mill reopened as a 202-unit affordable apartment complex .
honda 's entry - level sedan serves as an affordable alternative to the larger civic .
people with this view suggest that everyone should have affordable or free access to the internet so as to bridge the " digital divide " between those who have access and those who do not .
this technology has contributed to the success of the clavinova as a more affordable substitute for an acoustic piano .
hafler was instrumental in bringing affordable , high - quality audio kits to hobbyists , making his name a household word in the us audio community for many years .
sparks could not afford the surgery in the united states and , like many other american transsexuals , opted to pursue sex reassignment surgery in thailand , where it is more affordable .
