norms define among other criteria : insulation , milk agitation , cooling power required , variations in milk quantity measurement , calibration ...
in seattle , this became the subject of public agitation .
the town split from tungamah shire and cobram shire was formed on 1 april 1953 , after increasing agitation from the townspeople with the operations of the tungamah shire .
he is writing an appeal to the irish at home and abroad , for funds to carry on the land agitation , and working hard to abolish the home rule league .
despite electoral successes , however , some of the new party leaders gave up their agitation in september 1971 and , much to the disgust of many separatists , rejoined the safer political haven of the congress ranks .
after the elections , he created an incident by accusing the zionist leaders grünbaum and ze'ev jabotinsky as responsible for recent antisemitic agitation in poland by their campaign urging jewish emigration from poland .
designed by mccarthy and completed by his son c.j. mccarthy in 1889 , to whom is due the massive caen stone pinnacled reredos that has so far survived liturgical agitation .
van zeeland 's government resigned in the spring of 1936 due to the agitation of rex ( a belgian fascist party ) , but was able to start a new term ( june 1936-november 1937 ) .
when the agitation showed signs of getting out of hand , government arrested the prominent leaders of the movement .
struggling , restlessness , and seizures can increase metabolic demands and oxygen consumption , as well as increasing blood pressure .. analgesia and sedation ( particularly in the pre - hospital , er , and intensive care setting ) are used to reduce agitation and metabolic needs of the brain , but these medications may cause low blood pressure and other side effects ..
having taken part in 1849 with otto jahn and theodor mommsen in a political agitation for the maintenance of the imperial constitution , haupt was deprived of his professorship by a decree of april 22 , 1855 .
jeferson bacelar notes that the 1820s , especially the first three years of the decade , were marked by a process of agitation and excitement among the people of bahia , many of whom - regardless of social class - were involved in a struggle for independence that was marked by a strong anti - portuguese spirit and armed skirmishes .
1969 seen a split occur in the i.r.a. the i.r.a. 's social agitation policy , which seen many civil rights marches take place across the north of ireland in the late 1960 's , caused a sectarian back lash from the loyalist community .
the assam accord ( 1985 ) was a memorandum of settlement ( mos ) signed between representatives of the government of india and the leaders of the assam agitation in new delhi on august 15 , 1985 .
the weavers were active in the radical movement which sought parliamentary reform , and kilbarchan played a part in the agitation of the so - called radical war of 1820 .
in lewes , furey against participated in agitation , this time to be accorded prisoner of war status , which resulted in being chained in gangs of seven and a diet of bread and water .
" the agitation for emigration , the report concluded , " threatens to undermine beliefs in the correctness of the party 's policies . "
ponsonby became committed to the cause of catholic emancipation , as a means of securing a loyal population at a time of radical agitation and potential foreign invasion .
she specialized in education , agitation , and propaganda and in 1959 milka was elected into the croatian central committee , the executive body .
he interprets specific heat measurements as indicating that the thermal agitation of the constituent elements of a liquid is nearly vibrational ( solid - like ) at low temperature , but almost non - vibrational as high temperature .
the program also provides suggestions for treatments to manage any pain , agitation , respiratory tract secretions , nausea and vomiting , or shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) that the patient may experience .
“ this agitation seems to have been started by two or three restless women with no occupation and more money than they seem to know what to do with , ” charged an angry walter damrosch in the pages of " the new york times " in august 1908 .
from 1936 to 1938 he was minister of the interior ( replacing roger salengro ) , and fought the rise of violent far right groups such as the " cagoule " , using his prerogatives to depose jacques doriot , mayor of saint - denis - arguing that the saint - denis commune had become the site of anti - republican agitation ; he was also an opponent of illegal immigration of eastern european political refugees to france .
for wool garments , this is due to scales on the fibers which heat and agitation cause to stick together .
on 16 november 1959 , the federal court of justice ( " bundesgerichtshof " ) stated that the usage of " black - red - yellow " and the like had " through years of nazi agitation , attained the significance of a malicious slander against the democratic symbols of the state " and was now an offence .
reynolds went on an expedition to antarctica himself but missed joining the great u.s. exploring expedition of 1838–1842 , even though that venture was a result of his agitation .
the soulbury commission was the most important result of the agitation for constitutional reform in the 1930s .
the massacre was a retaliation from landlords after dalit labourers had taken part in a cpi(m)-led agitation for higher wages .
the draught of peace is a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation .
in the 1930s , there was constant anti - semitic agitation in opatów and in 1936 there were attacks against the jews .
he did n't want kate to see his agitation .
when he had known secrets of its activity , he had demand from wojciech korfanty to change direct and methods plebiscite agitation and the equal position silesian and polish officials of the commission .
these conferences served as important for a for activism and agitation on adoption law reform .
agp was a result of a six - year - long assam agitation against illegal infiltration of foreigners from bangladesh into assam , led by all assam students union(aasu ) .
this affair is much to be regretted , keeping up as it undoubtedly will the public alarm and agitation regarding the blacks .
in national politics , the liberal government at the time was keen to conciliate an influential representative of the moderate nationalists to support british liberalism and who would resume o’connell ’s constitutional agitation .
on november 24 , 1970 , horbal was arrested by the kgb and charged with anti soviet agitation and propaganda .
once , when the pandavas were still ruling over a prosperous indraprastha , a brahmin came in great agitation to arjuna and sought his help : a pack of cattle - thieves had seized his herd and only arjuna could retrieve them .
the revolutionary movement of 1848 gave him the opportunity to join a radical campaign of democratic agitation , and for his participation in the may uprising in dresden of 1849 he was arrested and condemned to death .
the carrier particles have a coating which , during agitation , generates a triboelectric charge ( just one form of static electricity ) , which attracts a coating of toner particles .
" lincoln did not comment on the proper channels of due process regarding such " agitation . "
“ when women unite , ” for instance , portrayed the successful anti - liquor agitation by rural women in andhra pradesh while in andhra pradesh while “ tu zinda hai ” depicted the success of women activists in madhya pradesh .
in very significant part this was due to the agitation of the iww , a group which probably never had as many as 500 members in australia at its peak .
in the post - war years he actively participated in the czechoslovak communist agitation and propaganda .
section 10 of article 58 made " propaganda and agitation against the soviet union " a triable offence , whilst section 12 allowed for onlookers to be prosecuted for not reporting instances of section 10 .
in the process of the month long agitation a new militant leadership started to be formed at all levels .
on december 15 , 1791 , the u.s. bill of rights , based primarily on george mason 's virginia declaration of rights , was ratified in response to the agitation of mason and others .
the group concentrated on factory work but also maintained the regular production of its political publications and took part in agitation against the colonial politics of france .
stand development of sheet films , oriented vertically with high dilution , no agitation , and extremely long developing times can be used for special purposes .
the importance and extent of austro - hungarian agitation remains a debated subject : it has also been argued that , in concrete terms , foreign influence proved to be insignificant .
student agitation for the continuation of the agreement began at osmania university in hyderabad and spread to other parts of the region .
the more open atmosphere dampened nearly all of the anti - army agitation .
in 1848 , he became involved in the upsurge in popular agitation , lost his job , and moved again to buckingham .
it is set against the assam agitation .
in addition to epilepsy and severe anxiety , clobazam is also approved as a short term ( 2–4 weeks ) adjunctive agent in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders to manage anxiety or agitation .
that night the government reacted to the agitation by organising attacks on jiyūtō activists while they were asleep .
it turned out that ossendowski was being sought by the nkvd , and was being considered an enemy of the people for his book on lenin and the soviet system , which was considered an act of anti - soviet agitation .
this has led to a lot of agitation among the people and leaders from the government always try to console them saying it 's a better deal but people do n't know the after effects .
he maintained order , encouraged trade , remedied some abuses , and defended the people from the exactions of the church ; but he crushed opposition by imprisoning his antagonists , and aroused a prolonged agitation by abolishing the tenant - right and introducing leaseholds .
melancholic depression , or ' depression with melancholic features ' is a subtype of major depression characterized by the inability to find pleasure in positive things combined with physical agitation , insomnia , or decreased appetite .
however , he signed another ordinance on 23 june in colmar in order to have them advanced to 23 july 1831 , so as to avoid the risk of republican agitation during the commemorations of the july revolution .
the aggressive agitation of the npd unabashedly aims towards the abolition of parliamentary democracy and the democratic constitutional state , although the use of violence is currently still officially rejected for tactical reasons .
he gave gifford lectures in 1996 and 1997 , which were later published in 2000 as " emotion and peace of mind : from stoic agitation to christian temptation " .
in the last decade of the nineteenth century the reactionaries , having failed in every attempt to overthrow the republic , had recourse to anti - semitism , by means of which they maintained a persistent agitation for over ten years .
those in authority were concerned about the growing unrest , political and social agitation among the working classes , and the disaffection of the intelligentsia .
born in karlsbad , bohemia in austria - hungary ( present - day karlovy vary , czech republic ) , frank was taught by his father ( a proponent of georg ritter von schönerer ’s policies ) about nationalist agitation .
however , the fcf blamed the hostility of other large media and agitation by liberal groups for refusal of support from the big advertising firms .
later , he decided to concentrate on his native district of uttara kannada and here he started an agitation against the landlords which finally culminated in the law granting the land ownership to the person who tills the land .
as the iww agitation increased in 1926 - 27 , mine owners refused to hire mexicans , blaming them for the labor unrest .
in the next general election , in 1896 , disapproving of the " free - silver " agitation , whitney refused to support his party 's candidate , william jennings bryan .
the choice of agitation , duration of precipitation , the addition rate of reactants , their temperature and concentration , and ph can vary the properties of the silica .
as can be seen in the animation at right , molecules are complex objects ; they are a population of atoms and thermal agitation can strain their internal chemical bonds in three different ways : via rotation , bond length , and bond angle movements .
this agitation culminated on 16 june , 1828 , in the " ordonnances de charles x " which were to be enforced the following october .
lord grenville however interpreted the meeting as deciding that fitzwilliam " should , as much as possible , endeavour to prevent the agitation of the question during the present session ; and that , in all events , he should do nothing in it which might commit the king 's government here or in ireland without fresh instructions from hence " .
queen victoria was not pleased with this statement , and an outraged palmerston considered it seditious incitement to agitation .
in response to antiwestern agitation in 1964 , libya 's essentially pro - western government requested the evacuation of british and american bases before the dates specified in the treaties .
the plan was approved at the local level , but once london received the report , the plan was seen as an agitation designed to involve britain in a war with lobengula .
particularly troublesome was the agitation over fiume led by gabriele d'annunzio .
martial law was enforced and shocking methods were employed to suppress the agitation .
as he strenuously denied the charge and had numerous and prominent supporters , the controversy caused intense agitation at florence .
agitation for self - determination led to first lithuania , and then estonia , latvia and armenia declaring independence .
he understood the national attention that the case was attracting , but said that he was " not concerned with the pressure and agitation which the trial ... produced , either within or outside the state of mississippi " .
ultimately biétry 's period of influence proved short - lived as charles maurras and his followers became the main focus of agitation on the right .
they even signed an address of loyalty and devotion to the sultan condemning the nationalist agitation as the work of misguided persons who have no authority or influence .
feelings of dejected - related emotions and agitation - related emotions that come from self - discrepancies have been tested and confirmed in the self - discrepancy theory research conducted by strauman and higgins ( 15 ) .
in 1909 , murphy published a column deploring the ongoing agitation against college football .
later he began a social and journalistic agitation in behalf of the official recognition of the jewish religion , and kept the matter before the public until the law granting recognition was sanctioned in 1895 .
he replaced anti - republican functionaries in the civil service by republicans , and held his own until 3 may 1877 , when he adopted a motion carried by a large majority in the chamber inviting the cabinet to use all means for the repression of clerical agitation .
during his tenure in the defense research & development organisation ( drdo ) in 1965 he joined the agitation started by scheduled caste employees of government of india to prevent the abolition of a holiday commemorating dr. b.r. ambedkar 's birthday .
the regional councils were created by cameroon 's constitution of 1996 in response to agitation for a return to a federal system of government or increased decentralisation .
labor agitation increased ; the cgta , in particular , organized opposition to the dictatorship between 1968 and 1972 , and it would have an important role in the may –
in up to 75% of cases , however , signs of hemorrhage appear within 3–5 days of the onset of illness in case of bad containment of the first symptoms : first mood instability , agitation , mental confusion and throat petechiae , then soon nosebleeds , bloody urine and vomiting , and black stools .
later in the day , a mass rally of the agitation committee at tundikhel in the capital kathmandu was attacked by police forces .
agitation in college .
sikh extremist activity in the independence movement seems to have started in the late mid-19th century , with agitation against british rule , by the extremist sikh sect of kuka ( namdhari ) .
he was prominent in the agitation which followed " the bulgarian atrocities " ; his speeches were intemperate , and he was accused of uttering the words " perish india ! " at a public meeting in 1876 .
however , the agitation for the latter led to some conflicts with fellow muslims in lagos .
the growing revolutionary disorders in france endangered the life of his sister marie antoinette of austria , the queen of louis xvi , and also threatened his own dominions with the spread of a subversive agitation .
while the flag agitation got its impetus from gandhi 's writings and discourses , the movement received political acceptance following the nagpur incident .
in response to war with russia and britain , and further motivated by alliance with turkey , germany accelerated plans to weaken its enemies by targeting their colonial empires , including russia in turkestan and britain in india , for political agitation .
he joined the jungle satyagraha agitation in 1931 and served a second term in prison .
the council met at nine in the morning and requested the popular agitation was suppressed by force .
during the communist regime , established in 1948 , the cml 's impact in industrial areas of bucharest was obscured , with the pcr claiming to have been the main agent of political agitation during the 1930s .
the bhaktavatsalam government considered the situation as a law and order problem and brought in para military forces to quell the agitation .
according to becker , the victims went calmly into the area and showed no signs of agitation .
public universities had become places of political unrest , agitation , battle - field and repression .
as chairman of the club 's race relations & immigration committee , he also wrote the same month to all club members ; " there has been a lot of ill - thought out agitation following events in china , urging the government to amend the british nationality act so as to give the right of uk residence to more than three million people from hong kong who hold british passports .
under the leadership of the state congress , the people of travancore started an agitation for a responsible government .
mild agitation will increase the rate of heating by dissipating the heat through the entire pot .
molale was one of the key activists in mobilizing women during the august 9 , 1956 anti - pass campaign , travelling to various corners of the country on agitation tours .
another achievement of vaikom agitation is certainly communal harmony .
in 975 the fatimid al-'aziz wrested control in an attempt to subdue the anti - fatimid agitation of " mahammad b. ahmad al - nablusi " and his followers and to extend fatimid control into syria .
hedgewar was arrested in the jungle satyagraha agitation in 1931 and served a second term in prison .
the reign of king charles x ended in 1830 when a wave of agitation and dissent forced him to abdicate .
the situation also increased agitation , especially in east pakistan as it became apparent that sheikh mujib was being denied of his legitimate claim to be the prime minister of pakistan .
through agitation , and occasional strongarm tactics , they force the elders to follow their plan , ignoring tradition .
initially , ferenc deák had few open supporters in fiume , where lajos kossuth was preferred , given the agitation done by his local exponent gaspare matcovich but a faction led by luigi francovich gradually emerged and coalesced around deák 's program in the 1860s .
when stalin resumed his activities , he organized more strikes and agitation , this time focusing on the muslim azeri and persian workers in baku .
from 1965 to 1967 , the city was an important base for the tamil agitation against the perceived imposition of hindi , and witnessed sporadic rioting .
when the civil war broke out in 1861 , british public opinion was sympathetic to the confederacy due to lingering agitation over the tariff .
the agitation had some effects .
flunitrazepam may cause a paradoxical reaction in some individuals causing symptoms including anxiety , aggressiveness , agitation , confusion , disinhibition , loss of impulse control , talkativeness , violent behavior , and even convulsions .
though french president louis napoleon had requested that the pope grant an amnesty , achilli was arrested by the cardinal vicar and imprisoned by the inquisition , in the castel sant'angelo , for preaching against the catholic religion and taking part in revolutionary agitation .
the mutiny took place partly because of the agitation by the lssp .
the danish government was also able to stall negotiations over the return of south jutland to germany , ban " closed - rank uniformed marches " that would have made nationalist german or danish nazi agitation more possible , keep national socialists out of the government , and hold a relatively free election with decidedly anti - nazi results in the middle of the war .
in 1842 the council was made partly elective , through the agitation of democrats like william wentworth .
effective treatment requires sufficient chlorine strength and time in contact with the bacteria , and is often improved with agitation .
the first active agitation for a church extension or home mission society for the catholic church in north america was begun in 1904 by an article by francis kelley published in the " american ecclesiastical review " ( philadelphia ) .
manchester was the scene of the blanketeer agitation in 1817 .
the nepalese monarchy was abolished in 2008 , following several years of pro - democracy and maoist agitation .
however due to agitation over regional and gender representation , some party posts had to be created on the day .
ernest c. marriner , author of " history of colby college , " wrote : " no small part of the agitation that arose later in regard to the retention of women in the college was prompted by the fact that they persistently ran away with the honors . "
in the 1830s dewsbury was also one of the centres of chartist agitation .
at higher doses , ghb may induce nausea , dizziness , drowsiness , agitation , visual disturbances , depressed breathing , amnesia , unconsciousness , and death .
there was also a lot of agitation in the punjab for linguistic and religious separatism .
the agitation brought forward the general mass feeling against the autocratic chiefs and support for then mizo union .
this is further assisted by the use of tank baffles to increase the efficiency of agitation and prevent centrifuging of slurries in circular tanks .
the end of the struggle against prussia allowed a renewal of democratic agitation in württemberg , but this had achieved no tangible results when the great war between france and prussia broke out in 1870 .
but the agitation was a huge success , and the government had to relent to the demands of students .
in unusual circumstances , overly - severe agitation may decrease the rate of heating which defeats the purpose .
the spectre of socialist agitation , which had led to incidents such as a major strike action in bucharest in december 1918 , brought about the fall of the constantin coandă cabinet , and brătianu again occupied the position .
the second movement represents the vast expanse of ocean in stormy agitation . "
at very high doses characterized by overdose , a number of symptoms may come to prominence , including severe cognitive deficit to the point of acute retardation , anterograde or retrograde amnesia , drooling , piloerection or " goose bumps " , agitation or restlessness , flailing , thrashing , and screaming , unintentional or accidental injury , delirium , hallucinations , myoclonus , dystonia , paralysis , stupor , faintness or loss of consciousness , seizures or convulsions , status epilepticus , coma , and respiratory arrest or cessation of breathing , potentially resulting in date rape , hospitalization , brain damage , and/or death .
also in 1899 , the psdmr disbanded , when a scandal was caused by the presence of socialist clubs in the countryside — of them , the pnl 's minister of the interior mihail pherekyde claimed had been fermenting agitation , an accusation which met with protests from mille and his " adevărul " .
even though they were denied official recognition , the mfdp kept up their agitation within the convention .
this committee controlled placement of comintern cadres throughout the world and supervised international agitation and propaganda work , leaving political questions to ecci .
keys agitation .
if doxepin is used chronically during pregnancy , the newborn may show a withdrawal syndrome with agitation , impaired cardio - respiratory functions , disturbed urination and defecation .
the riots and agitation for democratic reform encouraged some to force issue of the " right to speak " in hyde park .
as of 26 february , bdr outposts at more than 46 locations have been reported to have shown signs of great agitation .
it was used as a tool of political agitation that promoted a culture of the factory - floor and industrial motifs , but also folk singing and avant - garde .. plot was unimportant ; its goal was to shock the audience with its style of performance , lighting techniques , props , radio broadcasts , blown - up newspaper headlines and slogans , projected films , circus elements , etc .
the japanese popular reaction to the tokyo war crimes tribunal found expression in demands for the mitigation of the sentences of war criminals and agitation for parole .
these neuropsychiatric effects included tremor , confusion , anxiety , insomnia , agitation and in severe cases psychosis .
in the meantime muslim leaders and ulemas had called for enlisting one million volunteers in order to strengthen their agitation , which further complicated the situation leading to crimes against the sikhs .
serrano began his studies at vergara in the basque provinces , became a cadet in 1822 , cornet in 1833 in the lancers of sagunto , passed into the carabiniers in 1829 , and when the carlist agitation began in 1833 he exchanged into the cuirassiers .
there was strong business and political agitation in upper canada for annexing the territory ; in london the company 's trading license was due for review ; in st. paul there was a growing interest in the area as a field for u.s. expansion .
during the agitation that arose in connection with the summoning of the first vatican council chlodwig took up an attitude of strong opposition to the ultramontane position .
however , due to several factors including but not limited to the worldwide collapse of the music industry , all the agitation in the indie scene has so far failed in translating into international success , but in brazil they developed a real , substantial cultural movement .
he immediately involved himself in the socialist agitation in clydeside .
sail was gradually giving way to steam , wooden hulls had just been superseded by iron , smoothbore artillery firing round - shot had been overtaken by rifled shell - firing cannon , increasingly heavier armour was being mounted , and there was mounting agitation in naval design circles to abandon broadside armament in favour of that mounted in turrets .
the working principle of simulated annealing is borrowed from metallurgy : a piece of metal is heated ( the atoms are given thermal agitation ) , and then the metal is left to cool slowly .
initial symptoms typically include nausea , vomiting and abdominal pain ; sweating , confusion and agitation follow .
in wake of conquest by nazi germany , in world war two anti - semitic laws , agitation and propaganda were extended to occupied europe , often building on local anti - semitic traditions .
he asked the pope to ensure that his bishops abstain from political agitation .
mjf presented a list of 26 demands , restructuring of state , formation of commission to implement state restructuring , inclusion of madhesis in all organs of state , federal system of governance , proportional representation , withdrawal of charges against leaders of mjf and compensation to those injured during madhes agitation .
although an antisemitic party was present in the parliament , it was not taken seriously by the political elite of the country , and their agitation against jews was not successful ( see tiszaeszlár blood libel ) .
a joint people 's agitation committee was set up together with the communist party of nepal ( masal ) , the nepal communist league and the communist party of nepal ( marxist - leninist - maoist ) .
the creation of the interstate commerce commission was the result of widespread and longstanding anti - railroad agitation .
sheikhdoms too there might be the possibility of encouraging agitation .
earth without people - people without land » and was agitation in this direction during the 57 years .
if physical restraints are necessary for severe agitation they must be rapidly replaced with pharmacological sedation .
then you will be able to endure everything that comes upon you without any agitation . "
during the eighteenth century , boston became known as the " cradle of liberty " for the agitation there that led to the american revolution and the independence of the united states from great britain .
after an initial split from the catholic church , amidst the post - war atmosphere of anti - catholic agitation and euphoria about the czech independence , the czechoslovak church saw rapid increase of its membership .
as a result of pressure from this agitation , legislation and constitutional changes were enacted to criminalise the religious practises of ahmadis by preventing them from claiming to be muslim or from " behaving " as muslims .
the anti - chinese agitation in the 1880s and increasing anti - chinese activities led goo to organize the mutual defense association ( " lein wei hui " ) in 1894 and in response to help his own countrymen when they were refused medical help at the general hospital , he set up a chinese hospital in march 1897 ( 惠華醫院 ) to cater to chinese patients .
in 1974 he was appointed head of the department of agitation and propaganda of the governing hungarian socialist workers ' party .
graphic agitation 2 , liz mcquiston , phaidon , london , 2004
fatima begum mother of shaik fakir belonging to warangal who died during agitation for separate statehood of telangana in 1968 at the age of 19 yrs along with smt .
unemployed agitation .
general enthusiasm for scandinavian musicals diminished in the face of intense propaganda and agitation toward foreign influence following the end of world war i , a process which was accelerated by the economic decline of the 1930s , and by the outbreak of world war ii .
what a contrast to the fevered agitation in our newspaper printing - rooms . "
these allegations cite the secret supplementary protocol to the german - soviet boundary and friendship treaty , which stipulates that " both parties will tolerate in their territories no polish agitation which affects the territories of the other party .
symptoms usually occur 1 - 3 days after the insult , and are predominantly : pulmonary ( shortness of breath , hypoxemia ) , neurological ( agitation , delirium , or coma ) , dermatological ( petechial rash ) , and haematological ( anaemia , low platelets ) .
the fall of rákosi was followed by a flurry of reform agitation both inside and outside the party .
statements of the npd document an essential affinity with national socialism ; its agitation is racist , antisemitic , revisionist , and intends to disparage the democratic and lawful order of the constitution . "
the publication of the book would later earn him further confinement for anti - soviet agitation and propaganda .
for now the main value of the statements from ndane [ the envoy to njoya ] lies in the fact that they contain material for proceeding against those chiefs who are guilty of actual deliberate agitation in refusal of the expropriation and of resistance that reaches all the way over to germany .
the proverbial philippic attacks of the athenian orator demosthenes ( 384 - 322 bc ) on philip ii of macedon marked the height of ancient political agitation .
the agitation led to the execution of the " gomburza " filibusteros " . "
the tamil speaking muslims in the madras presidency supported the agitation ( as opposed to the urdu speaking muslims , who supported the propagation of hindi ) .
the riots subsided after shastri 's assurance , as did the student agitation .
he enlisted such comedy greats as sprangalang , john agitation , learie joseph , tommy joseph , damian melville , and beulah .
common side effects of mirtazapine include dizziness , blurred vision , sedation , drowsiness or somnolence , malaise or lassitude , increased appetite or hyperphagia and subsequent weight gain , agitation or restlessness , irritability or aggression , apathy or anhedonia or emotional blunting , excessive mellowness or calmness , dry mouth or xerostomia , difficulty swallowing or dysphagia , shallow breathing or hypoventilation or respiratory depression , constipation , decreased body temperature or hypothermia , pupil constriction or miosis , enhanced libido and sexual function or aphrodisia , wet dreams or nocturnal emission , spontaneous orgasm , loss of balance , vertigo , and restless legs syndrome ( rls ) .
he stayed on in kharkov hoping to catch up later with his family , but was arrested for " counterrevolutionary agitation " in september 1941 .
however , as the abolition agitation increased and the planting system expanded , apologies for slavery became more faint in the south .
in 1830 , at the height of the agitation over the great reform bill , he stood for parliament in the by - election for yorkshire that followed brougham 's appointment as lord chancellor , but was defeated by another whig .
a vapour constantly ascends from the pool ; in sunshine this vapour exhibits all the colours of the rainbow , which , by the constant agitation of the air , disperse , and again appear in the most beautiful combinations . "
dan singh participated in the mandhiali kisan agitation for the just and reasonable cause of the farmers ; was lathi charged and imprisoned for more than two months .
in wake of the ongoing gujjar agitation in neighbouring rajasthan , high alert had been sounded in the border districts of madhya pradesh to check any spread of violence .
for instance , deepening hypoglycemia ( low blood sugar ) or hypercapnia ( increased carbon dioxide levels in the blood ) initially cause mild agitation and confusion , then progress to obtundation , stupor and finally complete unconsciousness .
agitation for a separate state continued through the 1980s , included violent protests during the 1986–88 period .
for several years there has been agitation for full statehood .
if the exposure is made with the developing print still in the tray of developer , it is important to stop agitation at least 10 seconds prior to exposure to allow any bubbles on the surface to disperse and to ensure that the print is lying flat .
the purpose of public trials was " not to demonstrate the existence or absence of a crime – that was predetermined by the appropriate party authorities – but to provide yet another forum for political agitation and propaganda for the instruction of the citizenry ( see moscow trials for example ) .
finally every cleaning step is also described by the time which the to be cleaned part spends in the respective zone , bath or chamber and thus medium , temperature and agitation can impact on the contamination .
finally , it may be effective in treating akathisia - a side effect of antipsychotics that causes severe agitation and anxiety .
in any boiler , one of the most prone locations for tube and plate wastage is around the water level , where agitation and boiling is most active .
the labor agitation 's most immediate success was the creation of relief work by a governor who saw it as a way to avoid civil disturbances .
where as an inline process steam flow assist may combine the mixture of water content the heating of the product and the amount of agitation from the pressure of the steam itself , though it is applied in a continuous process .
the types of self - discrepancies come forth from the relation between one ’s self - concept and one ’s self - guide , which brings about the dejection - related emotions or agitation - related emotions ( 1 ) .
he identified the fact that " our kindheartedness and tact " towards the austrian emperor at the time of his defeat was less effective than the agitation of the polish enemies .
agitation took the form of rent strikes ( withholding rent payments ) and what came to be known as land raids : crofter occupations of land to which crofters believed they should have access for common grazing or for new crofts , but which landlords had given over to sheep farming and hunting parks ( called deer forests ) .
yerkes has long been the object of agitation and protest for its treatment of animals .
in the mixed ironic style the poet injects into the work a " stylistic agitation that at first feel rich , sensitive , conscious , attentive to response " .
in 1885 he wrote a piece in " dagbladet " , " fra ekserserpladsen tvildemoen " , which was seen as anti - military agitation .
historian thomas mccraw concludes ( 1971 p 157 ) that roosevelt " rescued the [ power ] industry from its own abuses " but " he might have done this much with a great deal less agitation and ill will . "
bubbles on top of the water , less ambiguously known as a foam bath ( see photo ) , can be obtained by adding a product containing foaming surfactants to water and temporarily aerating it by agitation ( often merely by the fall of water from a faucet ) .
after matriculating from khalsa high school , lyallpur ( where master tara singh , later a leading figure in sikh politics , was the headmaster ) , he joined police service and served at quetta from 1923 to 1925 before resigning to take part in the akali agitation for gurdwara reform .
a letter by the patriarch germanus written before 726 to two iconoclast bishops says that " now whole towns and multitudes of people are in considerable agitation over this matter " but we have very little evidence as to the growth of the debate .
in 1997 , after the election of reformist president , mohammad khatami , mesbah yazdi encouraged iran 's revolutionary guards and hezbolli to put a stop to the reform agitation by any means , including violence .
there was anger , hostility , and community agitation for separate schools by white patrons of the district .
after the liberation of belgrade in october 1944 , he remained active in communist leadership positions , including work in the serbian republican agitation and propaganda commission and then as a people 's representative from his home region .
the leaders of the lssp pro - independence agitation were arrested by the colonial authorities .
growing from a small agitation group of about fifty members , the swm now began to build groups in major colleges such as trinity college and university college , dublin .
ashe had been a district collector who had earned notoriety for himself for his role in suppression of nationalist agitation and swadeshi movement in 1908 .
this led to a widespread agitation throughout the country .
later she became a member of the district board and secretary for " agitprop " ( agitation and propaganda ) at the academy of sciences in that organization .
agitation in the area for a local club to participate in the nswrl premiership began in the mid-1930s with a formal proposal put to the nswrl in 1936 by local rugby league identities such as jack argent and jack scullin .
martin also was diagnosed with hair loss which caused the thinning of the outer third of his eyebrows , palpitations , hypertension , suffered from chronic weight loss , respiratory problems with plagued him with shortness of breath and would regularly show the signs of demonstrated irritability , erratic behavior along with constant nervousness and agitation .
in 1922 - 1924 dimanstein worked in agitation department of ukraine .
after agitation and centrifugal separation , the aqueous layer is extracted , and further processed with ether .
these mandals provided wider base to the agitation and direction to the civil right movement and administrative reforms in various princely states .
" the " wall street journal " wrote , " in all the anti - corporation agitation of the past , one name stands out ... where others were radical , he was rabid . "
so prominent is the chesapeake in maryland 's geography and economic life that there has been periodic agitation to change the state 's official nickname to the " bay state , " a name currently used by massachusetts .
agitation of 1986 .
agitation in medina .
the agitation caused by the business was of major importance for the formulation of the " petition of right " .
this however this did not prevent the kadizadelis agitation toward the ottoman empire and " in 1656 , after the appointment of koprulu mehmed to the grand vezirate , the kadizadeli wave ended " .
long associated with land agitation sheehan settled many disputes between landlord gentry and their under - privileged tenant farmers .
in may 1863 , " wyoming " had " showed the flag " to yokohama , standing by to protect american lives and property during an outbreak of anti - foreign agitation in japan .
the gujrat bajrang dal is at the forefront of the anti - beauty contest agitation .
this resulted in ja'far pishevari 's azerbaijan people 's government , while agitation among the kurdish people gave way to qazi muhammad 's republic of mahabad ( both regimes were crushed within months by iranian interventions ) .
when his wife as well as his sister joined the agitation , it gained momentum , and the administration was forced to come to a compromise .
musso and another pki leader alimin later went to moscow , met with stalin , and received orders to cancel the revolt and to restrict the party 's activities to radical nationalist agitation .
sikh agitation against the communal award was equally hostile .
agitation free was a german experimental krautrock band .
it directed the central committee agitation department , " revolution and the church " and glavpolitprosvet to conform to this .
in 1678 he supported the agitation of titus oates , writing on his behalf , says anthony wood , many lies and villanies .
his arrest provoked a public agitation in which volunteers called dictators ( so called because they had the authority to defy laws that was forbidden for normal law abiding party members ) courted arrest .
the agitation leaders formed a political party , asom gana parishad , which came to power in the state of assam in the assembly elections of 1985 .
the morrill tariff was adopted against the backdrop of the secession movement , and provided an issue for secessionist agitation in some southern states .
anti - foreign sentiment and agitation grew , and would later culminate in the form of the boxer rebellion five years later .
on the evening of july 13th , 1863 , two men from washington and boston , respectively , leave their homes after showing signs of agitation and distress throughout the day .
the act was pushed through mainly on the grounds that it provided special protections against undue harassment to the “ minorities ” that were affected by the assam agitation .
