she is afraid of heights , is an atheist ( though culturally christian ) , and is also allergic to gluten .
adverse effects include nausea , headache , and rarely allergic reaction .
he is the author of five books of children 's poetry including i ’m allergic to school ! and
mrs. doyle is very allergic to cats .
arthur 's father wants to kill bees , since arthur is allergic to bee stings .
raimi , who is allergic to cats , had his eyes swollen shut .
while mr. poe and sham are discussing matters at the anxious clown , the children purposefully start an allergic reaction with the peppermints mr. poe had given them , and escape back to the house .
nsaids predispose to peptic ulcers , renal failure , allergic reactions , and occasionally hearing loss , and they can increase the risk of hemorrhage by affecting platelet function .
anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) occurs at a rate of 1:200 in first - time use , but serology ( measuring antibodies against aprotinin in the blood ) is not carried out in practice to predict anaphylaxis risk because the correct interpretation of these tests is difficult .
the spot may be aggravated by an allergic reaction to nickel plating on the chinrest clamp hardware , or by microbes present on the instrument .
in other words , calciphylaxis is not a hypersensitivity reaction ( i.e. , allergic reaction ) leading to sudden local calcification .
allergic reactions against egg white are more common than reactions against egg yolks .
chaney also had an allergic reaction to the make - up pierce used on him in ghost of frankenstein .
interleukin 13 ( il-13 ) is a cytokine secreted by many cell types , but especially t helper type 2 ( th2 ) cells , that is an important mediator of allergic inflammation and disease .
when data asked worf to take care of spot , worf proved to be allergic to her and sneezed in her face , angering her ( " tng " : " phantasms " ) .
they are indicative of a disease involving eosinophilic inflammation or proliferation , such as is found in allergic reactions and parasitic infections .
tom mentions in season 6 that penny scavo is allergic to dogs , so perhaps she was given away when this was discovered .
this review was prompted by the manufacturer 's request to revise the adverse reactions - postmarketing section of the label to include pneumonitis of possible allergic etiology .
nut allergy is slightly different from peanut allergy because the type of nuts that cause the allergic reactions are not the same .
but protein expression levels play a major role and amount of shedding alone does not determine degree of allergic reaction . "
they discover the aliens are allergic to iron and that joe had covered the house in it to keep them away .
in humans a defensive cloud of urticating hairs can cause allergic skin reactions which can manifest as inflammation , rash and/or itching .
camille was late to the acting class because she went to see a doctor for her puffed up lip , which had swollen due to an allergic reaction .
allergic reactions are possible , especially from eating pollen .
the most common causing allergic disease are " aspergillus fumigatus " and " aspergillus clavatus " .
a few instances of allergic skin reactions to topical preparations containing rosemary have been reported .
symptoms of an allergic reaction include : rash , itching , swelling , severe dizziness .
singulair works on blocking the leukotriene pathway in both asthma and allergic rhinitis .
the documented adverse effects of filgrastim include splenic rupture ( indicated by left upper abdominal or shoulder pain , risk 1 in 40000 ) , adult respiratory distress syndrome ( ards ) , alveolar hemorrage , and allergic reactions ( usually expressed in first 30 minutes , risk 1 in 300 ) .
allergic reactions .
it manifests as an allergic response to animal urine , specifically the major urinary proteins ( mups ) of rodents , and can lead to the development of asthma .
the pathophysiology of allergic responses can be divided into two phases .
due to the high cost of production , as well as allergic reactions among workers during assembly , this design was discontinued .
when an appropriate allergic antigen or parasite is present , the cross - linking of a least two of ige molecules and their fc receptors on the surface of a granulocyte will trigger the cell to rapidly release preformed mediators from its granules .
omalizumab ( trade name xolair , genentech / novartis ) is a humanized antibody drug approved for patients with moderate - to - severe or severe allergic asthma , which is caused by hypersensitivity reactions to certain harmless environmental substances .
benzylpenicillin was once the drug of choice with chloramphenicol as a good alternative in allergic patients .
if the degranulation is too strong , it can cause a shock - like syndrome similar to that of an allergic reaction .
additionally , it should not be used in horses allergic to aspirin .
when pseudo sonic was built he wanted to fight sonic but he was still ill from the poison blossoms were he is allergic and tricked antoine and found the lair of the freedom fighters and tried to report were it was but was quickly trashed by tails .
in allergic angioedema , avoidance of the allergen and use of antihistamines may prevent future attacks .
numerous articles have reported that over - exposure to certain allergens can cause allergic diseases , most obviously laboratory animal allergy , farmer 's lung and baker 's lung .
allergic reaction .
aztreonam is often used in patients who are penicillin allergic or who can not tolerate aminoglycosides
sublingual specific immunotherapy has the benefit of allowing treatment to be carried out in the home environment and has been found to be a cost effective treatment strategy for allergic disorders .
it however does not involve an allergic reaction but is due to direct mast cell degranulation .
history of significantly impaired renal function ; patients with known hypersensitivity to any component of the product ; patients who have experienced asthma , urticaria , or allergic - type reactions after taking aspirin or other nsaids ; treatment of perioperative pain in the setting of coronary artery bypass graft ( cabg ) surgery .
( care should be taken by people who have allergic reactions to azole group of medicines .
allergic reactions to amalgam fillings may contribute to the oral lesions very similar to lichen planus , and a systematic review found that many of the lesions resolved after the fillings were replaced .
he is supposedly allergic to corned beef , and this is given as the reason why he has not been called up for the regular army , although it is generally assumed that he has found a way to dodge the rules .
allergic reactions , when they occur , are rarely due to the stainless steel but from other factors ( most commonly from mechanical irritation or harsh cleaning products ) .
people may develop chronic sinusitis or have recurrent attacks of acute sinusitis if they have allergic or structural causes for their sinusitis .
after an allergic reaction to a diphtheria vaccination , he has his nurse anna give him morphine to negate the effects .
the adaptation from nasal to mouth breathing takes pace when changes such as chronic middle ear infections , sinusitis , allergic rhinitis , upper airway infections , and sleep disturbances ( e.g. , snoring ) take place .
apparent molds may be largely removed by putting in water with some vinegar added , but if they are of a large quantity then there might be mold or mold products left to evoke mold health issues such as allergic reactions and respiratory problems .
house thinks it 's impossible for her to be allergic to everything , so he suspects infection .
it is shown that elphaba is not allergic to water in the play , for when dorothy throws the water on her , she merely falls through a trap door , until fiyero comes to save her .
in addition to true allergic reactions , some people experience a food intolerance to egg whites .
severe allergic reaction like anaphylaxis has been reported.(as listed in the data sheet of pfizer diflucan .
allergic reactions can also happen with waxing .
latex allergy is a medical term encompassing a range of allergic reactions to natural rubber latex .
this includes a section on allergic reactions , breast cancer , estrogenic activity , as well as paraben controversy .
aside from bone marrow suppression , frequent side effects included nerve injury caused by vincristine and allergic reactions to procarbazine .
milk protein intolerance ( mpi ) is delayed reaction to a food protein that is normally harmless to the non - allergic , non - intolerant individual .
he is allergic to cats .
most of what is known about ms is derived from its model in animal research , which is experimental allergic encephalomyelitis .
some can not be autoclaved , and others are may induce allergic reactions , or harbour bacteria .
as part of his research , dr. kraft demonstrated proof of concept for a monoclonal antibody - based therapy for allergic disease ; this approach was later translated to an antibody therapeutic by genentech .
chow died of an allergic reaction to medication .
more commonly , they can halt many types of allergic reactions .
today some people live as if they were allergic to religion or the church … [ depicting it as ] a danger for the future of the country …
some people might get a mild allergic reaction from eating the mushroom .
allergic - type reactions including urticaria , pruritic skin rashes , and fever may occur .
thus , rather than a lymphoid cytokine , il-13 acts more prominently as a molecular bridge linking allergic inflammatory cells to the non - immune cells in contact with them , thereby altering physiological function .
il-21 has been tried as therapy for alleviating allergic responses .
preliminary research indicates that sni could also be an effective treatment for allergic rhinitis and chronic sinusitis ..
what was supposed to be an ordinary flight turns into something tragic when the princess forms an allergic reaction to something she ate .
has a unique long - lived interaction with its high affinity receptor , fcεri , so that basophils and mast cells , capable of mediating inflammatory reactions , become " primed " , ready to release chemicals like histamine , leukotrienes and certain interleukins , which cause many of the symptoms we associate with allergy , such as airway constriction in asthma , local inflammation in eczema , increased mucus secretion in allergic rhinitis and increased vascular permeability , ostensibly to allow other immune cells to gain access to tissues , but which can lead to a potentially fatal drop in blood pressure as in anaphylaxis .
to help prevent or limit allergic reactions , the majority of hair color products recommend that the client conduct a patch test before using the product .
a toxicity studies of the plant on rats has shown hepatoprotective and antimutagenic activities , however , precaution is necessary for those displaying allergic reaction or prone to epileptic seizures .
sometimes , the beetles will bite humans , presumably in an attempt to acquire salt , although many people feel a pricking sensation as a lady beetle walks across the skin . bites normally do no more harm than cause irritation although a small number of people are allergic to bites .
he is called by vanilla " the annoying person of the house ' , for mister paulinho is allergic to vanilla 's hair and is always saying that vanilla is useless .
it has been shown that the same mediators , released during acute allergic
other rare causes of melasma include allergic reaction to medications and cosmetics .
particularly those that cause allergic symptoms . basophils contain anticoagulant heparin , which prevents blood from clotting too quickly .
the recruited t - cells are typically of the th2 variety and the cytokines they produce lead to further recruitment of mast cells and eosinophils , and in plasma cell isotype switching to ige which will bind to the mast cell fcεri receptors and prime the individual for further allergic responses .
many people with soy allergy can tolerate small to moderate amounts of soy protein : the typical dose needed to induce an allergic response is about 100 times higher than for many other food allergens , with 90% of sufferers being able to tolerate doses up to 400 mg .
an epinephrine autoinjector is a medical device used to deliver a measured dose ( or doses ) of epinephrine ( also known as adrenaline ) using autoinjector technology , most frequently for the treatment of acute allergic reactions to avoid or treat the onset of anaphylactic shock .
for example , they may not be able to live a normal life and completely avoid pollen , dust mites , mold spores , pet dander , insect venom , and certain other common triggers of allergic reactions .
in rare cases some models can have allergic reactions to molding materials , can faint from holding a stationary pose for too long , or can experience anxiety from being enclosed in the mold .
allergic reactions .
if you 're allergic to poison ivy , be careful ; there 's plenty of it .
some yarns will also produce itching or even allergic reactions in some wearers .
the fda recommends understanding the ingredient label and says " there is no list of ingredients that can be guaranteed not to cause allergic reactions , so consumers who are prone to allergies should pay careful attention to what they use on their skin " , further warning that " [ t]here is no basis in fact or scientific legitimacy to the notion that products containing natural ingredients are good for the skin " .
this technique is expected to be more scalable and avoid problems with eggs , such as allergic reactions and incompatibility with strains that affect avians like chickens .
may cause allergic reactions , which makes it a controversial chemical to be included in hair dyes .
because the mercury and azo - chemicals in red dyes are more commonly allergenic than other pigments , allergic reactions are most often seen in red tattoos .
first proposed by david p. strachan in an article published in the " british medical journal " ( now the " bmj " ) , in 1989 , the hygiene hypothesis was developed to explain the observation that hay fever and eczema , both allergic diseases , were less common in children from larger families , which were presumably exposed to more infectious agents through their siblings , than in children from families with only one child .
additionally , vitamins can be dispensed to counteract bacterial infection and allergic reactions , thus reducing loss of vision with advancing age .
drb1 * 1501 is positively associated with goodpasture syndrome , juvenile rheumatoid arthritis , allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis , multiple sclerosis , systemic lupus erythematosus , cervical cancer ( human papillomavirus infection ) , and sjogren 's syndrome associated with systemic lupus erythematosus .
there is an extremely small risk of an allergic reaction which may include itching and rarely hives .
coriander can produce an allergic reaction in some people .
serious side effects include tinnitis or loss of hearing , toxicity to kidneys , and allergic reactions to the drug .
ct examination performed with the intravenous administration of contrast agent poses a risk of an allergic reaction to contrast material .
" sputnikmusic " contributor james bishop gave the album a score of 2.5 ( average ) , summarising his review with the statement " get " double allergic " instead . "
they may also be seen in inflammatory states , such as acute allergic interstitial nephritis , nephrotic syndrome , or post - streptococcal acute glomerulonephritis .
non allergic factors such as vasomotor rhinitis can also cause chronic sinus problems .
antihistamines are also useful ; cetirizine , for example , is shown to reduce allergic symptoms of patients .
because of the increased exposure , the dog can develop allergic or bacterial conjunctivitis or keratoconjunctivitis sicca also known as dry - eye syndrome .
on august 5 , 1992 , jeff suffered an allergic reaction from a pesticide he was using in his garden .
unlike the destructive modalities described , q - switched lasers mobilize the ink and may generate a systemic allergic response .
however gebrselassie dropped out at the 18 mile stage complaining of a stitch and inability to breathe , which turned out to be an allergic reaction to the pollen in the air .
it is revealed in a better boyfriend that he is allergic to mustard which causes his head to grow big , red and swollen .
another little - understood role of pendrin is in airway hyperreactivity and inflammation , as during asthma attacks and allergic reactions .
a brief spell working for mcvitie 's followed , before mcclure quit due to an allergic reaction to jammie dodgers .
his favourite beverage is rum and coke , however , noel is allergic to beer .
milk - velveeta has milk as well as whey and lactic acid making it unsuitable to lactose intolerant or lactose allergic individuals .
additionally , even edible mushrooms may produce an allergic reaction , from a mild asthmatic response to severe anaphylaxis shock .
because he 's allergic , andy goes into anaphylactic shock .
while kyle was initially excited about seeing his cousin for the first time , he is shocked to see that he is an overly - stereotyped version of a jew ( e.g. , constantly complaining about everything , highly sensitive to the dryness of the air , allergic to most meats excluding fish , and penny - pinching in nature ) .
are introduced to sites on the skin marked with pen or dye ( the ink / dye should be carefully selected , lest it cause an allergic response itself ) .
consider the vast number of antigens we are exposed to every day which do not elicit an allergic response .
they show anti - allergic , anti - inflammatory
many diseases related to inflammation such as type 1 diabetes , rheumatoid arthritis and allergic diseases — hay fever and asthma — have increased in the western world over the past 2 - 3 decades .
rituximab 's major side effect is serum sickness , commonly described as an " allergic reaction " , which can be severe , especially on the first infusion .
meanwhile , secretary cheryl and human resources representative pam take advantage of malory being temporarily blinded by an allergic reaction .
the bashkir curly horse has a uniquely textured coat that lacks the protein ( present in all other horse fur ) believed to be the source of allergic reactions to equines .
in an interview with jay and the doctor on triple j in november 2007 , fanning noted that the song is a " bookend " to powderfinger 's early breakout single " pick you up " from " double allergic " .
things quickly get out of hand , as the priest is allergic to bees , resulting in a food fight .
the protein added to the pea did not cause the reaction in humans or mice in isolation , but when it was expressed in the pea , it exhibited a subtly different structure which may have caused the allergic reaction .
these substances are allergenic and contact with them may produce general allergic sensitivity , skin disease , fever , and visual problems ..
although it was widely believed that roberts had an allergic reaction to flame - retardant chemicals , he was secretly an asthmatic and the chemicals made his breathing worse .
basophils contain many granules inside the cell , which are filled with a variety of active substance triggering an allergic response upon degranulation .
female worms elicit allergic reactions during blister formation as they migrate to the skin , causing an intense burning pain .
frank threw a vat of gazpacho on him , which the student was allergic to ; his parents were going to sue the school unless frank was removed from the safety patrol .
many mushroom species are poisonous to humans , with toxicities ranging from slight digestive problems or allergic reactions as well as hallucinations to severe organ failures and death .
severe allergic reactions ( rash ; itching ; difficult breathing ; hives ; tightness in the chest ; swelling of the mouth , face , lips , or tongue ) ; bone pain ; muscle weakness ; severe or persistent diarrhea ; mental or mood changes .
they are considered to be hypoallergenic , a trait popular with allergic or asthmatic dog owners .
however , her mother , amy , ( mimi rogers ) does not think she is responsible enough , and her stepfather ( christopher mcdonald ) is allergic to fur .
strict avoidance of peanuts is the only way to avoid an allergic reaction .
soy can also trigger symptoms via food intolerance , a situation where no immunologic ( allergic ) mechanism can be proven .
medical attention should also be sought if a severe allergic reaction occurs .
officially , the food and drug administration does recognize 8 foods as being common for allergic reactions in a large segment of the sensitive population , which includes , peanuts , tree nuts , eggs , milk , shellfish , fish , wheat and their derivatives , soy and their derivatives , and sulphites ( chemical based , often found in flavors and colors in foods ) at 10ppm and over .
dr. stephen lockey at the mayo clinic and later dr. feingold at kaiser , found that eliminating both salicylates and synthetic food additives from patients ' diets eliminated not only allergic - type reactions , but also behavioral changes in some of their patients .
if there are proteins left in the shell matrix , it is also possible that they can trigger an allergic ( asthmatic ) attack .
on his right inner arm he has yellow jackets to remind him that he is allergic .
apparently many people have experienced spectacular allergic reactions when they have come into contact with both live and dead tick products .
studies have shown that refined peanut oil is safe for peanut allergic individuals because the protein is destroyed during the processing .
some patients have an allergic reaction to diphenhydramine in the form of hives .
is unclear and this may extend beyond gse to other immunological or allergic phenomena .
it was subsequently approved in the european union and many other countries for patients 12 years and older with severe allergic asthma .
such medicines include many common drugs for allergic , cardiovascular , psychiatric , and other medical conditions .
although the clinical relevance of the fungal airway colonization is still a matter of debate , filamentous fungi may contribute to the local inflammatory response , and therefore to the progressive deterioration of the lung function , as often happens with allergic broncho - pulmonary aspergillosis ( abpa ) - the most common fungal disease in the context of cf , involving a th2-driven immune response to aspergillus .
when she is sent by ikrum to spy on briar , he corners her on a roof with potted plants and uses his green magic to cause especially large roses to bloom right in her face , until she suffers an allergic reaction so severe that all her senses are impaired .
" allergic " type reaction may well be to these other ingredients and not the shellfish .
fungal spores are also a cause of allergies , and fungi from different taxonomic groups can evoke allergic reactions .
each path is guarded by two stone guardians , who will only let zoombinis pass if they have the right characteristics , similar to allergic cliffs .
an important clue is the failure of hereditary angioedema to respond to antihistamines or steroids , a characteristic that distinguishes it from allergic reactions .
however , when the package has perfume in it , an item nico is allergic to , nico realizes her mother did not prepare the package .
although stevens – johnson syndrome can be caused by viral infections , malignancies or severe allergic reactions to medication , the leading cause appears to be the use of antibiotics and sulfa drugs .
other drugs attempt to halt the allergic response ; these include antihistamines such as loratadine .
some dermatologists posit that if a sufferer is allergic to a substance , then a general allergy test on the forearm will suffice , yet others believe that in conditions like dyshidrosis , the suspect substances need to be applied to the affected area to induce a reaction .
hence it was commonly stated that they are contraindicated in patients with a history of severe , immediate allergic reactions ( urticaria , anaphylaxis , interstitial nephritis , etc ) to penicillins , carbapenems or cephalosporins .
contrary to popular belief , the venom of most tarantulas is not dangerous to humans , causing no more harm than a bee sting ( unless the person is allergic to the venom ) .
as such , acd is termed a type iv delayed hypersensitivity reaction involving a cell - mediated allergic response .
it seems that ida brought her cat and tom is very allergic .
the allergic reaction is so severe that it causes vampires to spontaneously combust and turn into ash .
allergic inflammation .
in rare cases ( around over 1% of cases ) , some allergic reactions , convulsions , mood swings , anxiety and confusion have been reported .
the allergic reaction is a type i hypersensitivity reaction .
etodolac should be avoided by patients with a history of asthma attacks , hives , or other allergic reactions to aspirin or other nsaids .
they may have a background in the field of allergy , and the theoretical approach is derived in part from classic concepts of allergic responses , first articulated by theron randolph , leading them to find cause - and - effect relationships or low - dose effects that are not generally accepted by toxicologists .
usually the allergic reaction is manageable and not life threatening .
he died on 25 april 2008 aged 58 from an allergic reaction to antibiotics taken for a chest infection .
some less common side effects are allergic reaction , blood disorders , changes in mood , itching , racing heartbeat , mental fogginess , anxiety , lethargy , difficulty urinating , spasm of the ureter , irregular or depressed respiration , and rash .
the intense itching and rash characteristic of scabies infection is caused by an allergic reaction of the body to the burrowed microscopic scabies mites .
toxicity and allergic reactions .
" internationalist " followed in the success of its predecessor , " double allergic " , and was certified five times platinum in australia . " internationalist " received four aria music awards , including " album of the year " .
the allergic reaction is dependent on the degree of unsaturation of the alkyl chain .
allergic reactions .
she keeps dust bunnies as pets , though she is allergic to them and blows them away with her sneezing .
research areas being pursued with regard to killed " mycobacterium vaccae " vaccine include immunotherapy for allergic asthma , cancer , depression , psoriasis , dermatitis , eczema and tuberculosis .
rare adrs include : breast tenderness and enlargement , and allergic reaction .
allergic angioedema .
medications of this class , which go under a variety of names according to whether one looks at the american , british or european system of nomenclature , have as their primary function the antagonism of bronchospasm caused , principally in asthmatics , by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens .
allergic conjunctivitis shows pale watery swelling or edema of the conjunctiva and sometimes the whole eyelid , often with a ropy , " non - purulent " mucoid discharge .
symptoms of an allergic reaction include rash , itching , swelling , severe dizziness , and trouble breathing .
the venom of these ants has the potential to induce anaphylactic shock in allergic sting victims .
while it is true that the plant is not very toxic , those sensitive to latex may suffer an allergic reaction and it is therefore not advisable to bring the plants into the home of sensitive individuals .
allergic conjunctivitis .
on 25 march 2008 it was reported by 3aw 's derryn hinch that grybas had died of natural causes after suffering an allergic reaction to something he ate or drank the previous evening .
from the buteyko perspective , the inflammatory hyperresponsiveness and allergic hyper reactivity seen in asthma and bronchitis are the results of immune disturbances caused by chronic hyperventilation because of these biochemical derangements .
unlike other rex breeds with reduced amounts of hair , the selkirk rex is not recommended for those who might be allergic to cat allergens .
dimethyl fumarate has been found to be an allergic sensitizer at very low concentrations , producing extensive , pronounced eczema that is difficult to treat .
his girlfriend wendy is an aromatherapist , but unfortunately upon qualifying she became allergic to the essential oils she uses .
on december 21 of that year , tapia mistakenly took medication containing codeine , to which he is allergic , and was briefly hospitalized .
the bdort is capable , according to its proponents , of a wide range of applications in the diagnosis , prescription of treatment , and evaluation of efficacy of treatment of , amongst others : heart conditions , cancers , ' pre - cancers , ' allergic reactions , viral and bacterial infections , a range of organic and/or environmental stresses , as well as the precise location of acupuncture points and meridians previously unknown or inappropriately identified .
allergies can also offset an allergic reaction causing swelling to the bronchial tubes , and in result the air passage will swell up , or close up completely . ( 7 )
this modification leads to changes in ige synthesis and the production of ige blocking antibodies which thus reduces the immune systems allergic response to specific allergens .
the use of these devices is contraindicated for persons who are allergic to silver , and no thorough testing and standardization of these products has yet been undertaken .
a few people have been recorded to be allergic to certain chemicals found in almost all water , and even water itself ( see aquagenic pruritus ) .
her death was caused by an allergic reaction to the sting of a potter wasp on her ear that she received while pulling dead bark from a nearby tree to start the fire that was used to boil dye in a coloring pot .
although allergic reaction from supplementation is possible , there is no known toxicity associated with high doses of the phylloquinone ( vitamin k1 ) or menaquinone ( vitamin k2 ) forms of vitamin k and therefore no tolerable upper intake level ( ul ) has been set .
many people with wheat allergies are also allergic to soy , milk and alternate food ingredients .
this mushroom is edible but may occasionally cause allergic reactions in some people .
however , they may sting more than once , and can cause an allergic reaction -- increasing effect associated with repeated exposure to the antigen .
symptoms of allergic reaction to mercaptopurine include rash , itching , swelling , dizziness , trouble breathing , and pancreatitis .
allergic reactions to the drug are characterized by symptoms such as difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face and tongue .
ketorolac is contraindicated in patients with a previously demonstrated hypersensitivity to ketorolac , and in patients with the complete or partial syndrome of nasal polyps , angioedema , bronchospastic reactivity or other allergic manifestations to aspirin or other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( due to possibility of severe anaphylaxis ) .
these immune mediators cause many symptoms , including common symptoms of allergic reactions , such as itching , hives , and swelling .
this form of treatment is meant to reduce the intensity or altogether eliminate the allergic reactions people have by gradually increasing exposure to the form of radiation that brings about the reaction .
since the skin reaction is an allergic one , people may develop progressively stronger reactions after repeated exposures , or show no immune response on their first exposure , but show sensitivity on following exposures .
the immune system is often involved with inflammatory disorders , demonstrated in both allergic reactions and some myopathies , with many immune system disorders resulting in abnormal inflammation .
the western conenose is still dangerous as its bite is painless , and its saliva can cause allergic reactions up to and including anaphylactic shock .
there are many theories about what causes the uvula to swell , including dehydration ( e.g. from arid weather ) ; excessive smoking or other inhaled irritants ; snoring ; allergic reaction ; or a viral or bacterial infection .
amniotic fluid embolism ( afe ) is a rare and incompletely understood obstetric emergency in which amniotic fluid , fetal cells , hair , or other debris enters the mother 's blood stream via the placental bed of the uterus and triggers an allergic reaction .
less frequent allergic reactions to black , purple , and green pigments have also been noted .
a small percentage of people are allergic to aluminium and may experience contact dermatitis when exposed to aluminium - containing deodorants .
they can also kill bees , wasps or ants that can cause allergic reactions .
however , when spores are present in large quantities , they are a health hazard to humans , potentially causing allergic reactions and respiratory problems .
although formaldehyde levels in clothing are unlikely to be at levels high enough to cause an allergic reaction , due to the presence of such a chemical , quality control and testing are of utmost importance .
such people are often also allergic to diazolidinyl urea .
dust mites produce waste products that irritate the lining of the airways and lungs and particularly with children can bring on allergic reactions , asthma and can irritate skin conditions such as eczema .
still needing money after burying rain 's ransom , they kidnapped mary claire , but she died from an allergic reaction to valium , which they used to keep her sedated during her kidnaping .
he finds out supreme is fatally allergic to eggs and tells poet .
the cause of death was determined to be an allergic reaction to prescription medication .
phase one used the core questionnaires designed to assess the prevalence and severity of asthma and allergic disease in defined populations .
jerry starts getting an allergic reaction .
for example , if a hair sample shows levels of mercury below the official “ safe limit ” , a highly allergic individual can still become ill and have significant clinical symptoms .
some refer to primary raynaud 's disease as " being allergic to coldness " .
so far animal models indicate that airway exposure to " s. chartarum " can evoke allergic sensitization , inflammation , and cytotoxicity in the upper and lower respiratory tracts .
upon activation , eosinophils secrete a range of highly toxic proteins and free radicals that are highly effective in killing bacteria and parasites , but are also responsible for tissue damage occurring during allergic reactions .
some allergic reactions are not from the latex but from residues of other ingredients used to process the latex into clothing , gloves , foam , etc .
it however does not involve an allergic reaction but is due to direct mast cell degranulation .
in may 2008 , he and other groups accused the city of santa fe , new mexico of discrimination against those allergic to em radiation for having free wireless networks in city buildings .
these are often symptoms of a severe allergic reaction .
kounis syndrome secondary to allergic reaction .
the campaign was established in 1994 following the deaths of four people from allergic reactions to nuts .
to find out what is causing a specific allergic reaction , a physician would first and foremost have to figure out what product is causing the reaction .
it was approved in japan for use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and uriticaria / puritus in july 2000 and january 2002 , respectively , and is marketed by tanabe seiyaku co. , ltd. under the brand name talion .
oil - based lubricants damage latex , and water - based lubricants are available instead , and non - latex condoms are available for people who are allergic to latex ( e.g. , polyurethane condoms that are compatible with both oil - based and water - based lubricants ) .
he had accidentally ingested food containing peanuts , to which he was allergic .
pao ferro , used as a rosewood substitute , is a strong sensitizer capable of causing acute outbreaks of allergic and irritant dermatitis in workers not previously exposed to it .
some people may be allergic to the enzymes as the enzymes can be transferred to the skin when wet clothes that have just been cleaned with biological detergents are touched .
he is allergic to nev 's blue fur but pretends to like him when barney is nearby .
flavonoids are natural antihistamines and possess strong anti - allergic properties .
eega is allergic to money .
shirodhara has been used to treat a variety of conditions including eye diseases , sinusitis , allergic rhinitis , greying of hair , neurological disorders , memory loss , insomnia , hearing impairment , tinnitus , vertigo , ménière 's disease and certain types of skin diseases like psoriasis .
it may cause allergic reactions , with symptoms ranging from itching and nettle rash to nausea , hypotension , and in rare cases anaphylactic shock ; it is not recommended for children .
however it can have irritant effects in people who are allergic to it
one of the disadvantages of a down - filled pillow is that a significant number of people are allergic to them .
6 to 453 ppb , which can induce asthmatic symptoms or increase allergic
middleton attributed part of the success of " pick you up " to tim whitten , producer of the song and " double allergic " , describing whitten as " what a band looks for in a producer / engineer " .
however , an allergic reaction to a salad of rocket and sunchoke makes the monarch 's face swell grotesquely , which distresses him because he is scheduled for a high - profile interview in a supervillian magazine .
when sarah jane and her associates attempted to destroy the machine , he cornered maria and clyde who wounded him with vinegar something the slitheen are allergic to .
however , there have been reports of severe allergic reactions to certain types of flea medication and the rabies vaccine , causing epileptic seizures in some dogs .
