due to the associated financial burden on the school that a bowl bid would have alleviated , usf 's finest football team ever was to be its last in division i. though football made a brief comeback as a division ii sport during the 1960s and 1970s , usf has not fielded a varsity team since .
immigration from other countries and integration of allophones alleviated the impact of this trend .
he seems to say to us : " even reason , dear sirs , if it is alleviated of its role as a faculty of good sense which councels adaptation to historical , social and existential " reality " , can become a precious instrument of liberation .
twinkacetti 's incessant berating of his two employees – his pet name for balki is " turnip " and he refers to larry as " yo - yo " – is occasionally alleviated by his wife edwina ( belita moreno ) .
kyle 's guilt is alleviated when he encounters mel gibson , the film 's director , and perceives him to be a deranged masochist .
this problem was alleviated when the undergrowth took hold on the cliff face .
pearson 's time in office coincided with the departure or retirement of a number of key players , and long - term injuries to others , alleviated only briefly by the emergence of charlie cooke , soon on his way to chelsea .
in 1823 however stannard was in a severe financial crisis , temporarily alleviated by the patronage of the norwich manufacturer and entrepreneur john harvey who commissioned stannard to paint his masterwork , " thorpe water frolic - afternoon " .
as with many barbs , nippy behavior is common , but alleviated by keeping the fish in numbers of at least 5 - 6 individuals in the aquarium , while taking into account the space requirements of the adult size of 4 - 5 inches ( 10–12 cm ) .
since then , the same process has alleviated endemic goiters in many countries throughout latin america and the world .
some believe that interstate 335 , a proposed but never built freeway north of downtown between i-94 and interstate 35w , would have alleviated the traffic problems in the tunnel .
under the terms of the g8 debt proposal , the funding sources available to hipc countries are also curtailed ; some researchers have argued that the net financial benefit of the g8 proposals is negligible , even though on paper the debt burden seems temporarily alleviated .
his reputation as a profound astronomer held weight with the crew , and his theory alleviated their alarm .
this set a slight continuity error in keiji 's intention for the plot , but through some changes in the storyline , was alleviated .
relaxing restrictions on economic activity quickly alleviated some of china 's most pressing economic difficulties , but it also gave rise to a new set of problems .
through his diligent work as governor of texas , many of the problems of the present and future were alleviated .
after these steps alleviated the most urgent needs , the austro - hungarian navy had adopted the german type ub ii design for what became known as the austro - hungarian " u-27 " class in mid 1915 , and had six of that class being built under license in austria - hungary by late 1916 .
many of these issues can be alleviated if the weatherstrip manufacturer coats the weatherstrip with specialty coatings .
lord 's momentary embarrassment is presumably alleviated by poirot 's assurance that it is to him , and not to her former love roddy , that elinor is now likely to become married .
the areas along side the river purwell were once notorious for regular flooding although in recent years , drainage improvements associated with house building appears to have alleviated the problem .
in 1887 , the detachment moved to the banks of the white mud river the current location of eastend , sk as many of their concernts were alleviated , the whisky trade had ceased , the north - west rebellion of 1885 was over , and sitting bull , a hunkpapa lakota sioux holy man surrendered to american forces and returned to the united states in 1881.the town of redvers , sk , along the red coat trail , is named after general sir redvers henry buller vc gcb gcmg ( 1839–1908 ) .
in northern texas , the rainfall alleviated a severe drought , caused the double mountain fork brazos river to swell and lake alan henry to overflow .
the world bank ’s obligations to donor countries and private capital markets have caused it to adopt policies which dictate that poverty is best alleviated by the implementation of " market " policies .
this was alleviated in 1953 in those conversions which had been completed by increasing the buoyancy by raising the capacity of a main ballast tank by 50 tons .
once gad develops , it can be chronic , but can be managed , if not all - but - alleviated , with proper treatment .
however , they not only operate solely within political discussion , but also general discussions in which arguments are often alleviated .
caterpillar claims to have alleviated this with the salt(sealed and lubricated track ) , a permanently lubricated track system which was introduced on their track - type tractors in the early 1970s
seinfeld provides an example of a schizoid woman who would covertly attend various bars to meet men for the purposes of gaining impersonal sexual gratification , an act , says seinfeld , which alleviated her feelings of hunger and emptiness .
a road to the capital of oaxaca was established , which alleviated this problem somewhat .
this problem has now been partially alleviated by the construction of the catbrain attenuation reservoir near cribbs causeway .
introjection is also the name of a defense mechanism , which handles threats from the outside that can potentially cause anxiety by infolding them into the internal world of the subject , where they can be neutralized or alleviated .
exploitation had been hampered , to some extent , by the inadequacy of transportation infrastructure , a deficiency now alleviated by the trans - gabon railway and ndjole - bitam highway .
additionally , the outer rainbands of the storm alleviated dry conditions on puerto rico which had persisted since the previous october .
weaving can be alleviated by using distributor roads to separate entering and exiting traffic .
she finally achieved her aim of full adult female suffrage in 1928 , and along the way she alleviated some of the poverty and misery , and improved social conditions for all in the east end .
lewis wolff ’s ownership group ’s purchase of the airport west site from the city of san jose also alleviated the city of 7.5 million dollars in tax service the city was paying on the site annually .
horrobin believed that many diseases involve a lack of fatty acid precursors and might be alleviated by supplementing with the appropriate fatty acid .
on march 22 , 2005 , palmone released the first ( v1.12 ) for sprint - branded phones which alleviated the nvfs inefficiency , random resets and the microphone problems .
he was criticized by many democrats and some moderate republicans both in his state and outside who noted south carolina 's 9.5% unemployment rate ( one of the highest in the country ) and complained that sanford was n't doing enough to improve economic conditions in his state , which could be alleviated by the stimulus money .
in georgia and south carolina , the rainfall alleviated drought conditions .
severe rush hour traffic congestion along the avenue was alleviated by the 1996 opening of the arturo illia freeway , running parallel to the avenue and providing a ( toll road ) alternative to the busy junction at libertador and ninth of july avenues .
using substantial international funds , some 240 hospitals and 1,200 primary health centers were operating , shortages of some medical materials had been alleviated , the training of medical personnel had begun , and the inoculation of children was widespread .
according to a 2005 documentary , some were sent to an internment camp in rajasthan the situation was alleviated when india and china resumed diplomatic relations in 1976 .
this was alleviated by several steps ridot took .
charaka samhita mentions that without the aid of shilajit no curable disease can be alleviated .
the " u-3 " class initially had diving problems that were alleviated after several modifications to fins and diving planes .
government and medical officials alleviated the outbreak only by public announcements over television and in the newspapers .
hulot 's despair is quickly alleviated when he meets and falls in love with valérie marneffe .
this alleviated the heating and cod at the facet .
however , her fears are alleviated when vincent runs into the garden .
in the hope that if the attention of the czar were directly brought to the plight of the jews in his dominions their condition might be alleviated , the independent order of b'nai b'rith took measures to prepare a petition for transmittal to him .
these great banks and others make the north sea particularly hazardous to navigate , which has been alleviated by the implementation of satellite navigation systems .
the result of which was that the famine was alleviated in bengal although a monsoon in orissa forced the closure of the harbour .
early in the morning of the 27 march , the viet minh 209th regiment of the 312nd division launched a massive attack against the coal mine , whose defenders resisted until french b-26s and hellcats alleviated the pressure .
the establishment of savings societies alleviated the situation only slightly , as did loans made by the national treasury from its reserves ; this was an emergency fund , intended to provide relief in times of difficulty or economic setbacks .
this can be alleviated by building several shorter , straight spans with a curved bridge deck , or by using box girders .
at some point , a medical discovery is made and mary 's monochromatic condition is alleviated .
due to rapid advancements in online digital security , those concerns have been alleviated to a large extent .
meanwhile the immediate shortage was alleviated by the acquisition of a number of wartime standard construction ships , such as the american liberty ships .
he held that these flaws could be alleviated by a return to what he saw as the true principles of islam - salafiyya islam which was purged of impurities and western influences — albeit interpreted ( " ijtihad " ) to suit modern realities .
he alleviated this problem by vaccinating the human " injectors " heavily , which successfully protected them from death ( though some did develop the disease ) .
hypothetically , embryonic stem cells can be differentiated into neuronal precursors " in vitro " , and transplanted into damaged areas of the brain to generate replacement neurons ; if enough damaged neurons can be replaced and develop the correct synaptic connectivity , symptoms could be alleviated .
this problem of limited dynamic range can be alleviated by using a system of multiple tdc where each tdc records signals from a single mini - anode of the mcp detector with multiple anodes .
this problem was alleviated sufficiently when the governing board of the southwest florida water management district approved a connection to sarasota county 's water supply , augmenting the existing connection to that of manatee county .
furthermore , because the sunnyside station is the last stop on the nw line the trains are often packed to capacity , although this may be alleviated by the introduction of 4-car trains in the future .
these symptoms have been reported to be alleviated temporarily by taking a hot shower or bath or more permanently by abstaining from the use of cannabis .
fluoxetine was shown to be effective for depression in 6-week long double - blind controlled trials where it also alleviated anxiety and improved sleep .
the pain may be alleviated with sitting up and leaning forward while worsened with lying down , and also may radiate to the back , to one or both trapezius ridges .
booking difficulties are often alleviated by arts - foundation grants , however .
while it believed that the former threat is being alleviated , it is feared that illegal pet trade will have reduced to maybe 1,000 adult tortoises in the two or three remaining subpopulations .
this illness can only be alleviated by inhaling through an inhaler - like charm he wears around his neck .
gun kick was also introduced , and kneeling and lying down alleviated this and made a player 's shot more accurate .
this confusion has been recently alleviated by putting the two names on the street signs .
many vendors have alleviated this by using intelligent polling schedulers , but this may still affect the performance of the device being monitored .
the performance problem can be alleviated ( to some extent ) by several mechanisms .
much of this confusion has been alleviated by recent work integrates reputation models in terms of underlying psychological theory .
a severe housing shortage in the region for the burgeoning base - oriented expansion was partially alleviated by the construction of 100 units of the plew heights defense housing project near valparaiso for civil service employees and enlisted personnel .
on may 6 , an " ad hoc " committee comprised of olmsted ; medary ; charles moore , chair of the commission on fine arts ; and louis e. simon , supervising architect of the u.s. treasury , recommended relocating the justice building from 15th street nw to a lot further east so that traffic congestion at 15th and pennsylvania might be alleviated .
unlike the bloody history associated with the use of the national guard in labor disputes in many other states , the ohio guard ’s non - partisan approach alleviated numerous potentially explosive labor conflicts .
under the influence of the association , the historical dissensions between the two clubs were partly alleviated .
in the first case , this is apparently an adaptation to the extremely high uv irradiation on the tibetan plateau , whereas in the second case , the necessity to absorb uv radiation is alleviated by a diet naturally rich in vitamin d.
this however was alleviated with the fitting of a power throttle system at imola ensuring that the revs could be perfectly matched when the clutch was engaged .
his healing powers ( combined with his knowledge of innumerable herbs and animal products ) alleviated the diseases and physical problems of many people .
the truce temporarily alleviated the mounting hostilities in missouri but also left lyon and blair discontent .
the speed at which the wizard attacks does not improve , but is alleviated by the multi - hitting ability of his later staves .
psychologists have addressed the hypothesis that fear of death motivates religious commitment , and that it may be alleviated by assurances about an afterlife .
between the extremes of optimal health and death from starvation or malnutrition , there is an array of disease states that can be caused or alleviated by changes in diet .
after these steps alleviated their most urgent needs , the austro - hungarian navy selected the german type ub ii design for its newest submarines in mid 1915 .
but the storm at least alleviated for a few days the heat that has been experienced over luzon from the past weeks .
winchester alleviated the top ejection issue with an angular ejection change that was implemented on later model rifles ( early 1980s ) , which eject empty shells out at an angle between the original winchester design and the marlin design .
many common symptoms and diseases can often be prevented or alleviated with better nutrition .
ardiles was replaced by gerry francis , who alleviated the relegation fears and oversaw the club 's climb to seventh place in the league - just missing out on a uefa cup place .
the total damage to the railway was valued at 16.5 million francs , of which 13.59 million could be alleviated by natural disaster relief under the swiss federal railway law .
this ironclad belief rendered nicholas unwilling to allow the progressive reforms that might have alleviated the suffering of the russian people .
the problem can be alleviated to some extent by increasing the shielding gas output , but this can be expensive and may also affect the quality of the weld .
according to the report , " these hardships could not be alleviated other than by retaining the lines proposed to be closed ...
houser ( 2009 ) claims that it is a separate condition that resembles a state of a crippled nose more than a progressive disease ( like seen in atrophic rhinitis ) and that the symptoms can be partially alleviated with implant surgery to narrow the nasal cavity at key locations , in such a way which will mimic the function of the missing turbinates .
the spectacle of the nation 's capital having two administrations not recognising each other and the country 's leader refusing to acknowledge the will of the voters led many to believe that croatia had experienced a dramatic drop in democratic standards during the war , and that this state of affairs wo n't be alleviated as long of tuđman was in power .
in florida , the precipitation peaked at 9.4 inches ( 23.9 cm ) in tavernier , which alleviated drought conditions .
cosmetically , at least , naples today has improved over the last 15 years : piazza del plebiscito , for example , has returned to its historic role as the largest open square in the city instead of being the squalid parking lot that it was between the end of wwii and 1990 ; city landmarks such as the san carlo theater and the galleria umberto have been restored ; a major ring - road highway called the " tangenziale " has alleviated traffic through and around the city ; and major construction continues on the new underground railway system , the " metropolitana " , which , even its current unfinished state now provides easy transportation for the first time in the history of the city from the upper reaches of the vomero hill section of the city into the downtown area .
the capacity of the " pompe " – 600 m3 of water per day – alleviated some of the water shortages in the garden ( thompson , 2006 ) .
his brief conversations with walker cheered him and alleviated the loneliness that he felt from his failed marriage .
before the extension could be built congestion in the library building had to be alleviated by moving some stock to other locations on the campus .
hererra takes an instant disliking to easter , which is not alleviated when easter proposes herman grimes — a blind man who displayed the most knowledge of law out of all of them when being selected — as jury foreman instead of hererra .
however , the construction of several reservoirs and drainage systems along its path has alleviated this danger .
the laws of burgos , the new laws , and other legal and institutional changes somewhat alleviated conditions for native americans , including the freeing of all native american slaves , but the benefits gained by the native americans fell far short of what had been hoped by the reformers .
she then describes her life without the basic human rights , which she defines as " a life of an alleviated and diluted variant " .
an announcement was made that the hand baggage rules would shortly be alleviated to permit carriage of one small item of hand baggage , although the strict ban on liquids remained in place .
he found that if he gave into these " babbling fits " the headache would be alleviated .
the poverty of the serfs had not been alleviated while the nobles had lost some of their privileges .
these distortion mechanisms can be alleviated to some degree by using digital converters with a multibit design .
some of this was alleviated in 1992 by building the m80 stepps bypass at the southern end of the route , but the problems now centre around the crowwood roundabout near stepps on the outer periphery of glasgow .
in 2004 , rosen published " this is not my nose : a memoir of illness and recovery " , an account of his ten years with undiagnosed hypothyroidism ; a course of drugs in 1981 alleviated the condition .
what is significantly different about podsols in comparison to other soils is that the bottom of a horizon is known as the ae horizon , which is an alleviated area which has lost sesquioxides .
these alleviated the stinger threat but did not eliminate it .
due to the debts of his father the family was forced into financial stringency which was partially alleviated when a cousin , william pole , left mornington his cousin 's estates in 1781 .
towards the end of her administration , she began the construction of several underpasses which alleviated traffic in certain points of the city .
the antifungal treatment of many other " trichophyton " foot infections has alleviated symptoms of hypersensitivity , asthma , and rhinitis .
these gameplay elements were frowned upon by various gameplay reviews , although the sequel , " nightshade " , alleviated some of its predecessor ’s difficulty .
the imposition of a french protectorate in 1912 alleviated much of the discrimination .
he found that intense excitement(such as galloping on his horse ) alleviated his pain for brief periods of time , and became interested in the mind 's ability to affect the body .
the congo pedicle comes between the province and the industrial and commercial heartland of the copperbelt which has caused problems partly resolved by construction of the luapula bridge and the samfya - serenje road , and being further alleviated by the construction of the chembe bridge .
in 1977 , buick devised an innovative " split - pin crankshaft " redesign of the crankshaft , flywheel , and distributor which greatly alleviated the problem , creating a new " even - firing " version of the engine .
about this same time , the brattleboro memorial hospital opened and alleviated the need for another medical facility .
the administration debate on taiwan , especially over the sale of military aircraft , resulted in a crisis in relations with china , which was only alleviated in august 1982 , when , after months of arduous negotiations , the united states and china issued a joint communiqué on taiwan in which the united states agreed to limit arms sales and china agreed to seek a “ peaceful solution . ”
due to its relative obscurity upon the lp 's initial release in 1973 , " cameo " is considered to be the one of the rarer titles of springfield 's official catalogue / discography , and hard to find on any format , though it 's increased popularity in recent years due to the cd release and digital music file sharing has alleviated that difficulty to a good degree .
this can be easily alleviated by using fluorescent lights around the wii , which emit little to no infrared light .
construction of the malleswaram underpass has alleviated some of the traffic problems .
alphastar would also have alleviated a shortage of canadian satellite capacity by using foreign ( us ) satellite capacity to fill canadian needs -- indeed this was a requirement for the canadian company to obtain its license from canada to commence broadcasting .
it is contested that in recent studies , severe brain injuries inflicted upon children can be alleviated by the interaction of nicotinamide repropagation in nerve cells .
re - supply problems , partially alleviated by the malta convoys led to the number of operational aircraft being reduced to just two .
lloyd george gave mps a wage of £ 400 per annum , which alleviated the financial problems .
since directx version 9 , this issue can be alleviated at the expense of efficiency .
widening of route 3a in hudson has alleviated a lot of the traffic problem as well .
this alleviated the need to save the images , exit the host compositing application , start primatte , load the images , create the chroma key , save the images , start the host application , load the images and continue creating the composition .
in the hospital 's early years , money was a constant problem , alleviated from time to time by donations from kind benefactors .
while some speech problems , such as certain voice problems , require medical interventions , many speech problems can be alleviated through effective behavioral interventions and practice .
the height of the knight street bridge alleviated this problem and the fraser street bridge was dismantled .
a new metro subway station now connects the area to the center of naples , a facility that has somewhat alleviated the otherwise lack of municipal infrastructure .
this problem was somewhat alleviated when a second bae 146 entered service in 1992 , and on 11 november 1993 , the airline introduced a 10 executive class on the aircraft .
this brought about a shortage of both carreras and its competitors ' products , a situation which was not alleviated until the early 1950s .
these tests revealed a violent pitch - up tendency during high - speed turns , often as much as 6 g , and on one occasion 8 g. the addition of wing fences alleviated this problem .
she also proved to be a strong ally for peggy in the wake of her wedding nightmare to archie mitchell and also alleviated some of the mitchell family 's financial burdens , due to peggy 's daughter sam skipping bail , by buying mitchell autocar repairs .
scyllo - inositol also reversed memory deficits , reduced the formation of aβ plaques , and alleviated other symptoms that are associated with the accumulation of aβ proteins in these mice .
goleman 's population problems have been alleviated thanks to the creation of nearby hialeah gardens high school , the school population standing under 3,000 students is in contrast to the situation several years ago when it was near 4,500 .
sometimes ims symptoms can be alleviated with topical creams , such as male progesterone cream or androgel®.
these pows alleviated the manpower shortage in colorado by doing general farm work , canning tomatoes , cutting corn , and aiding in logging operations on colorado 's western slope .
these problems may be alleviated by a change of gender role and/or physical characteristics .
continuing he affirmed that " in actuality , instead of benefitting , the [ municipal status ] is a burden on the population who would have it alleviated ... they find themselves annexed already for falling under ...
some object to the very idea of research to discover whether there is a correlation between alleviated human suffering and access to a faith message , calling it " irresponsible at best and racist at worst " .
democratic councils have alleviated that by turning many of those streets into pedestrian streets .
this will also be alleviated by the capacity intervention described above .
reflecting telescopes , though not limited by the color problems seen in refractors , were hampered by the use of fast tarnishing speculum metal mirrors employed during the 18th and early 19th century — a problem alleviated by the introduction of silver coated glass mirrors in 1857 , and aluminized mirrors in 1932 .
problems raised by horizontal scale up can be alleviated by a multi - layer multi - view access protocol .
his behavior , along with his stubborn insisting on always speaking his mind , did not endear him to the imperial family , and it was his charm and humor which often alleviated their anger toward his beliefs .
the cut alleviated flooding in shepperton and halved the distance of travel on that part of the river .
land pressures also were alleviated by the vast tracts of untitled land in the east .
the levels of mutual understanding alleviated , and this relationship started growing stronger .
185 if he felt a negative emotion , he would hold his hand over different plants , and if one alleviated the emotion , he would ascribe the power to heal that emotional problem to that plant .
however , kerala 's high ratio of taxation to gross state domestic product ( gsdp ) has not alleviated chronic budget deficits and unsustainable levels of government debt , impacting social services .
this agreement alleviated the british problem of access to the norwegian fleet , especially the tankers which they regarded as of " ... exceptional importance . "
parsons alleviated this problem by his suggestion of fitting more powerful astern turbines on all four shafts which could increase maneuverability by reversing the turbines as needed .
this problem is commonly alleviated by adding different counter ions into solution for each ion to be deposited ( cu2 + , se4 + , in3 + , and ga3 + ) , thus changing the reduction potential for that ion .
many of these problems have been alleviated with modern electronic timers and electronic flash units which fire virtually instantaneously .
once these steps had alleviated their most urgent needs , the austro - hungarian navy selected the german type ub ii design for its newest submarines in mid 1915 .
the boredom of the previous few years of national service in the raf had been alleviated by reading the works of marshall mcluhan .
further to the northwest , rainfall from the system alleviated drought conditions in the washington , d.c. area .
the renovation of the road to matadi , in beginning of the 2000s , however somewhat alleviated this situation .
gravel was laid on highways in the early 1930s which alleviated being mired in the mud during rainy weather ; however during dry weather , gravel roads produced great quantities of dust , reducing visibility .
this was gradually alleviated as spain and other christian powers began to check muslim naval dominance in the mediterranean after the 1571 victory at lepanto , but it would be a scourge that continued to afflict the country even in the next century .
although the problem has been alleviated to certain extent in recent decades by addition of some modern expansion ( hyatt and intercontinental hotels , luxury genex condos , ušće tower , belgrade arena , delta city , etc . ) , many still complain about what they see as new belgrade 's " grayness " and " drabness " .
her father took her to eleven different witches but none alleviated her condition .
as marsh explained in a letter to brb dated 16 august 1968 , the " hardship " caused by the closure of the line north could be alleviated by the provision of buses .
trips to rio alleviated his tedium which he surpassed by discovering two loves of his life : politics and " dona gercina borges " , whom he married .
with the financial problems alleviated somewhat , and having the benefit of a settled side , forest reached the 1st division play - off semi finals in season 2002–03 , losing in extra - time to sheffield united .
this problem was alleviated by installing a cylinder with no sub piston induction .
significantly , evidence indicates that withdrawal symptoms are alleviated when cannabis users resume using cannabis after a period of abstinence .
symptoms caused by " alpha "- tocopherol deficiency can be alleviated by tocotrienols .
for years , although prince he was powerless and without titles , emperor xuan was suspicious of him , but a report by zhang chang ( 張敞 ) , the governor of the commandery of shanyang , in 64 bc , in which zhang downplayed prince he 's level of intelligence , alleviated those concerns .
there were concerns that this may cause interference in some areas of the southern tier as granite - owned cbs affiliate wbng ( which covered an area all the way up to wkbw 's coverage boundary in steuben county ) uses channel 7 as its digital signal , but wbng will apparently be reducing its coverage area , ceding some of its western territory to another station , which would have alleviated these concerns .
the use of a second analog stick alleviated problems in many earlier platform games , in which the camera was notorious for bad positioning .
a loose effect can also be alleviated by creating increased length , but requires a longer commitment to the restoration program .
the quadratic scaling is alleviated by increasing the number of units generating the electrostatic force as seen in comb drives in many mems devices .
this can be alleviated to some extent by first precooling the coil with a flow of compressed air followed by a mist of water and compressed air .
wesley 's dark attitude is alleviated somewhat when the gang decide to take over wolfram & hart .
commanding and coordinating tanks in the field has always been subject to particular problems , particularly in the area of communications , but in modern armies these problems have been partially alleviated by networked , integrated systems that enable communications and contribute to enhanced situational awareness .
the pg-800 alleviated this by providing sliders and knobs for most of the programmable parameters , with controls resembling those of a traditional analog synthesizer .
wang haihui , who is from the city 's transportation department , said this measure alleviated road congestion situation and reduced passengers ' time spent on the buses .
a series of anti - pollution measures taken by the city 's authorities in the 1990s , combined with a substantial improvement of the city 's infrastructure ( including the attiki odos motorway , the expansion of the athens metro , and the new athens international airport ) , considerably alleviated pollution and transformed athens into a much more functional city .
this well - known phenomenon of " garlic breath " is alleged to be alleviated by eating fresh parsley .
it was intended to have greater range and hitting power than the 20 mm vulcan , while the caseless ammunition would have alleviated the problems of either storing or ejecting spent cartridges , both of which present considerable problems for jet aircraft .
it has been alleviated through the introduction of an " overlap ejection " capability .
there can be intestinal obstruction in humans and this can be alleviated by surgery .
during the second season of the ipl , buchanan 's strategies for kkr raised a lot of controversies which were further alleviated because of the team 's poor performance .
this problem can be alleviated by centralized metadata registries that use the iso-11179 standards such as the national information exchange model ( niem ) .
in the 1950s the material shortages had been alleviated so the trolleytrucks were replaced with diesel trucks and the former power lines were taken down .
the well - foundedness assumption of the mostowski lemma can be alleviated or dropped in non - well - founded set theories .
it included a heavily rusticated ground floor , alleviated by one semicircular arch , with a curious egyptian style miniature portico above , high above this were a sequence of six tall arched windows and above these just beneath the slightly projecting roof were the small windows of the upper floor .
sydney airport , a subject of complaints about aircraft noise , has temporarily alleviated the problem by introducing curfew times .
also , air obstruction due to neck trauma and facial fracture can be alleviated with the tracheotome incision and oxygen supply .
this task is alleviated by the fact that such characteristics can unmistakably be identified by their measurement formula .
" once the signs are scars , then the wounds will tell tales of some non - alleviated history " ( d. kamper - zur soziologie der imagination hanser v. 1986 .
while quite congested at times it nevertheless alleviated traveling to and through tel aviv .
however , several symptoms may be alleviated .
on the other hand , many people feel that refusing to implant deaf children is unethical , comparable to refusal to treat any other handicap or disease that can be effectively alleviated .
the formalism of the composition approaching herod atticus road is alleviated by the perennial plane trees , lindens , palms and cypress trees .
some of these problems can be alleviated by a form of leptin called fc - leptin , which takes the fc fragment from the immunoglobulin gamma chain as the n - terminal fusion partner and follows it with leptin .
he controversially claimed that divine providence alleviated his poverty at this time by occasionally supplying money , food and a horse .
the building of the ted williams tunnel , which extends the massachusetts turnpike ( " mass pike " / i-90 ) to the airport , has alleviated much of this traffic problem .
this problem can be alleviated somewhat by setting fixed dates for parliamentary elections , as is the case in several of australia 's state parliaments .
the opening of cosby high school in 2006 has alleviated the recent over - crowding at manchester high , allowing for the removal of trailers previously used as classrooms .
a delta wing was substituted which alleviated a portion of the movement , but it was not deemed sufficient .
the opening hatchback alleviated the previous difficulty of maneuvering luggage over the seats to stow it in the cargo area , and the hatch itself was opened electrically via a solenoid - actuated latch triggered by a button on the driver 's door jamb .
the stomach upset can be alleviated by taking the iron with food , however this decreases the amount of iron absorbed .
these obstructive events can be alleviated by decreasing the frequency or intensity of vns stimulation , by having the patient sleep in non - supine position or by applying positive airway pressure .
often even intense fears can be alleviated through the use of imagery in just a few hours , without needing to give therapy " in vivo " - ( on the plane itself ) .
prevalence advocates claim this is continuously alleviated by decreasing ram prices , and the fact that many business databases are small enough already to fit in memory .
pilot visibility was poor but a domed canopy introduced later in production partially alleviated this concern .
as soon as the patient told him that the point had already reached the designated spot , he would withdraw the needle and the sickness would likewise be virtually alleviated .
after these steps alleviated their most urgent needs , the austro - hungarian navy selected the german type ub ii design for its newest submarines in mid 1915 .
this paradox can be somewhat alleviated by the occurrence of mutations introducing potential differences , as well as the possibility that traits of interest have more or less favorable recessive alleles .
she was based in lander , wyoming , a location of high elevation where the thin , dry air alleviated most of her asthma symptoms .
the more alleviated 1980s began to portray the resistance of working women , as in " blanche et marie " ( 1984 ) .
it is thought that the immediate threat of extinction would be alleviated if the population grew to over 400 individuals .
this was alleviated by a bypass line between kanagawa and hodogaya which opened on august 1 , 1898 .
prickly pear infestation in the early 1900s had a devastating effect on the area that was only alleviated by the introduction of the cactoblastis moth .
a reorganization followed in 1895 that somewhat alleviated the company 's problems .
hard times during the great depression alleviated opposition by ranchers to sell .
like his ideal , lord buddha , he alleviated the sufferings of distressed organisms .
later , computer - timed motion control cameras alleviated this problem , as both the foreground and background could be filmed with the same camera moves .
a large injection of external investment from both private and public sources has alleviated the economic difficulties of the early 1990s caused by global recession and persistently low commodity prices ( although the latter continues to affect the economy ) .
prison six was conceptualized by an officer named yaakov markovich , after an analysis of prison four 's deteriorating conditions ( which would improve if the overcapacity was alleviated ) .
in a study of ten patients with upper phantom limb paralysis , nine patients were able to move the phantom limb , and eight of the patients able to move the phantom limb had their pain alleviated ( ramachandran and rogers - ramachandran , 1996 ) .
in recent years , the development of better clones has alleviated some of these difficulties .
due to the proximity of island eastern corridor from residential blocks such as those at city garden , and also the early starting time of the races ( 05:10 to 06:40 ) , residents complained about noises as loud as 60db. the organizer , however , stated that it hopes to use iec again for the 2009 marathon , since it successfully alleviated the problem of large numbers of runners rushing into western harbour crossing , which made breathing difficult within the tunnel .
computer technology gradually alleviated these problems and facilitated further growth in this area .
the shortcomings of winter war were somewhat alleviated with training and improving the fortifications .
like many of its sister services created during the second world war , it alleviated manpower shortages resulting from men being assigned to combat roles .
this problem can be alleviated by disabling standby mode , but leaving wiiconnect24 running .
those who is attracted to person of same sex but without emotional or sexual relationships with them and thus hampers its volition and try to overcome their condition , hasn't a direct responsibility , and therefore can be treated successfully , and those who indulge volition will and has sexual relationships with persons of same sex is directly responsible and can not be cured , and stated also homosexuality is a state full of suffering , similar to neurosis , and not likely to be alleviated by any reversal of the current mentality .
many diffraction problems , above the lower frequencies , can be alleviated by the shape of the enclosure , such as by avoiding sharp corners on the front of the enclosure .
185 if bach felt a negative emotion , he would hold his hand over different plants , and if one alleviated the emotion , he would ascribe the power to heal that emotional problem to that plant .
safe passage then returned the migrants to guantanamo after the crowded conditions could be alleviated .
wyneghem — in september 1944 , the acute need for a port promised to be alleviated by the capture of antwerp , with its large port facilities intact .
although much alleviated , the hostility between the hoklo and the hakka is still present in the community of taiwan .
many common health problems can be prevented or alleviated with a healthy diet .
after the move to sancta clara monastery in canton , her knee problem was alleviated .
legal concerns were alleviated when the royal letters patent were eventually granted in 1778 , and the theatre became a patent theatre and took up the name " theatre royal " .
despite efforts to stem the seepage , continuous monitoring of the dam shows that seepage problems have not been completely alleviated and are increasing .
the ornament was chaste , alleviated by only by the architrave of the central entrance which supported a broken pediment , quoining at the extremities of the building and massive key stones above each window .
passengers ' baggage also had to make the trip by van , sometimes resulting in the luggage being mislaid , although this problem was somewhat alleviated in the late 1990s by the construction of an automated transfer tunnel between the cta and terminal 4 .
the problem of computational expense can be alleviated through simplification schemes .
this project alleviated confusion amongst fans of romero 's work by including a scene in which a character acknowledges the george romero films and explains that while they are based on true events , the events of the " return " series are the " true story . "
it was support from unexpected places , such as m. llewellyn raney of the university of chicago libraries , which alleviated the ala letter writing campaign against macleish ’s nomination .
this can be alleviated by using the rotation of the earth to rotate the array relative to the sky .
