character is no longer the clearly perceived entity underlying clarity of articulation the objectification of a social and moral entelechy but something amorphous and contingent ( 41 ) .
in mineralogy , the term is used to refer to soot and coal , although these are not truly amorphous as they contain small amounts of graphite or diamond .
these solids are known as amorphous solids ; examples include polystyrene and glass .
tandem solar cells are then attractive since they can be fabricated with a bandgap similar to single - crystal silicon but with the ease of amorphous silicon .
typical precursors are metal alkoxides and metal chlorides , which undergo hydrolysis and polycondensation reactions to form either a network " elastic solid " or a colloidal suspension ( or dispersion ) – a system composed of discrete ( often amorphous ) submicrometer particles dispersed to various degrees in a host fluid .
the result is a mostly amorphous material with small crystals embedded in it .
amorphous materials as well as some polymers do not have a true freezing point as there is no abrupt phase change at any specific temperature .
lee , si - chen ( ) ( born august 13 , 1952 , gon - shan ( 岡山 ) , taiwan , republic of china ) , is a taiwanese engineer specializing in semiconductors , a researcher in amorphous silicon in the early development in taiwan , and a ieee fellow .
the recording layer in dvd+rw and dvd - rw discs is a phase change metal alloy ( often gesbte ) whose crystalline phase and amorphous phase have different reflectivity .
in the following decades , many critics were inspired by edward said 's 1978 book orientalism , while others , writing from the point of view of the quantitative or theoretical social sciences , saw area studies in general and east asian studies in particular , as amorphous and lacking in rigor .
amorphous silicon - based tfts have the lowest performance , polycrystalline silicon tfts have higher performance ( notably mobility ) , and single - crystal silicon transistors are the best performers .
amorphous sulfur .
the material had been found by h. richmond on the sugar loaf islands of taranaki , new zealand ( in the vicinity of ) , as thin yellowish - white amorphous seams in fissures within trachytic rocks .
these mixed - media works include a short story that focuses on a moment or a memory , and the deliberately crude shapes display bright yet soothing colors and shadowy amorphous faces to go along with the simple , declarative language of the prose .
the speed at which a solid dissolves may depend on its crystallinity or lack thereof in the case of amorphous solids and the surface area ( crystallite size ) and the presence of polymorphism .
this category includes such monsters as slimes , jellies , deadly puddings , and similar mindless , amorphous blobs .
where they differ , however , is that nc - si has small grains of crystalline silicon within the amorphous phase .
when asked his opinion on the computer - generated snake used in this episode , writer david fury says he was originally envisioning it as something " amorphous , bug - like , something non - human looking " ; it was marti noxon who came up with the idea of using a reptile .
the group of the high - temperature insulating wools includes amorphous alkaline earth silicate wool ( aes ) and aluminium silicate wool ( asw ) as well as polycrystalline wools ( pcw ) ( vdi 3469 ; din - en 1094 ) with a classification temperatures > 1000°c .
at the time , the tribe mascot was an amorphous green blob named colonel ebirt .
fibrinoid necrosis is a form of necrosis , or tissue death , in which there is accumulation of amorphous , basic , proteinaceous material in the tissue matrix with a staining pattern remiscent of fibrin .
briefer , with his trademark " loose and smooth ink and brush skills " began telling stories that would " straddle some amorphous line between pure children 's humor and adventure and an adult sensibility about the world " .
however , manufacturing costs of cis solar cells at present are high when compared with amorphous silicon solar cells but continuing work is leading to more cost - effective production processes .
the atoms in a solid are tightly bound to each other , either in a regular geometric lattice ( crystalline solids , which include metals and ordinary water ice ) or irregularly ( an amorphous solid such as common window glass ) .
in 1824 , berzelius , generally given credit for discovering the element silicon , prepared amorphous silicon using approximately the same method as lussac .
vince and dave explain such concepts as need for readers to feel teased by mystery , but not frustrated by utter ambiguity , and the role of a storyteller in shaping the amorphous material of reality into a coherent narrative .
pure ice xii can be created from ice ih at 77 k by rapid compression ( 0.81 - 1.00 gpa / min ) or by warming high density amorphous ice at pressures between 0.8 and 1.6 gpa .
the term amorphous computing was coined at mit in 1996 in a paper entitled by abelson , knight , sussman , et al .
if the material melts to an isotropic liquid , all sharp lines will disappear and be replaced by a broad amorphous pattern .
in amorphous silicon this long range order is not present and the atoms form a continuous random network .
candy propellants are generally an oxidizer ( typically potassium nitrate ) and a sugar fuel ( typically dextrose , sorbitol , or sucrose ) that are cast into shape by gently melting the propellant constituents together and pouring or packing the amorphous colloid into a mold .
santabarbaraite is an amorphous ferric hydroxy phosphate mineral hydrate that was discovered in tuscany , italy in 2000 .
some thermoplastics normally do not crystallize : they are termed " amorphous " plastics and are useful at temperatures below the " t"g .
1988 : reached 11.5% cell conversion for amorphous silicon solar cells
when the temperature is less than the glass transition temperature , " t " < " tg " , the activation energy of viscosity is high because the amorphous materials are in the glassy state and most of their joining bonds are intact .
activated carbon is a highly porous , amorphous solid consisting of microcrystallites with a graphite lattice , usually prepared in small pellets or a powder .
in most areas , cities have grown in a more amorphous manner rather than being planned from the outset .
if we examine , in the laboratory , dust particles ' density of solar flare tracks , their amorphous rims , and the spallogenic isotopes from cosmic rays ( flynn , 1996 ) , then we have good clues for how long a particle has been travelling in space .
the regularity of the macromolecular structure influences the degree to which it has rigid , crystalline long range order or flexible , amorphous long range disorder .
caine was disposed of by means of chemical waste , but little did his former colleagues know that the chemicals did not kill him ; instead , they altered him into the angry , sentient , amorphous creature known as " the ooze " .
amorphous ice is more common ; however , hexagonal crystalline ice can be formed via volcanic action .
thus began his career in the field of sanitary engineering , which were later to evolve into a more amorphous field of environmental engineering relating to the protection of the environment .
in time license fees to ecd began to grow , especially when amorphous silicon was used to make solar cells “ by the mile , ” with an approach that originated from the non - silver photographic film work on which ovshinsky had been working .
the building was deformed : it seemed to be caught in a strange , amorphous condition , somewhere crude rustic simplicity and classical perfection . " .
metal - induced crystallization ( mic ) is a method by which amorphous silicon , or a - si , can be turned into polycrystalline silicon at relatively low temperatures .
as it is amorphous it is classified as a mineraloid .
he also contributed to the physics of amorphous semiconductors .
this tandem assembly of solar cells allows one to obtain a thin - film material with a bandgap of around 1.12 ev ( the same as single - crystal silicon ) compared to the bandgap of amorphous silicon of 1.7 - 1.8 ev bandgap[4 ] .
it is a grid of vanadium oxide or amorphous silicon heat sensors atop a corresponding grid of silicon .
by comparing the spectrum from a sample being analyzed to that from a perfect crystal , and that obtained at a random ( non - channeling ) orientation ( representative of a spectrum from an amorphous sample ) , it is possible to determine the extent of crystalline damage in terms of a fraction of displaced atoms .
amorphous metals produced by these techniques are , strictly speaking , not glasses .
in technical terms , true amorphous carbon has localized π electrons ( as opposed to the aromatic π bonds in graphite ) , and its bonds form with lengths and distances that are inconsistent with any other allotrope of carbon .
the stem of lutèce typically forks at a height of between 1 m and 2 m , where 3 to 5 steeply ascending branches develop in conjunction with more obtusely angled lower side branches to form an amorphous open crown .
a glass is often not understood as a ceramic because of its amorphous ( " non "- crystalline ) character .
the convection became amorphous and later shifted to the southeast of the circulation .
crazing occurs mostly in amorphous , brittle polymers like ps , pmma and polycarbonate ; it is typified by a whitening of the crazed region .
centrosomes are composed of two orthogonally arranged centrioles surrounded by an amorphous mass of protein termed the pericentriolar material ( pcm ) .
some typical examples of amorphous thermoplastics are pmma , ps and pc .
weldon 's attorney , william b. canfield , said that ethics rules are " entirely amorphous " , and that " you may think it 's a big loophole , but he 's allowed to spend money that way . "
the vibration causes a change in magnetization in the amorphous strip , which induces an ac voltage in the receiver antenna .
amorphous or " plastic " sulfur can be produced through the rapid cooling of molten sulfur .
amorphous silicon ( a - si or α-si ) is the non - crystalline allotropic form of silicon .
in 2006 italian scientists created an amorphous phase of carbon dioxide using extreme pressure .
very - high - density amorphous ice .
the discs contain a layer of a crystalline material that , when hit by a pulse of laser light from the write laser , changes to an amorphous state , thus changing its reflectivity .
boron nitride has been produced in an amorphous ( a - bn ) and several crystalline forms .
the drum in the copiers originally developed by xerox corporation were manufactured with a surface coating of amorphous selenium ( more recently ceramic or organic photo conductor or opc ) , applied by vacuum deposition .
these thin - film solar modules are manufactured using copper indium gallium ( di)selenide ( cigs ) , which has shown a 19.5% nrel efficiency in real - world conditions , slightly above cdte and significantly above amorphous silicon .
it meant amorphous , unformed material in psalms and medieval writing .
paramide is a white amorphous powder , insoluble in water and alcohol .
cadmium burns in air to form brown amorphous cadmium oxide ( cdo ) .
unfortunately , birkin , now a gigantic , amorphous blob , attacks the train , thus triggering another self - destruct sequence .
the first synthesis was done by jöns jakob berzelius in 1824 by direct reaction of amorphous boron with sulfur vapor .
118 °c , while that given by nicotine with this reagent is amorphous .
lechatelierite is an amorphous silica glass sio2 which is formed by lightning strikes in quartz sand .
pure amorphous boron can be produced by thermal decomposition of diborane at temperatures below 1000 °c .
the manufacturing process begins with a film of molten polyethylene terephthalate ( pet ) being extruded onto a chill roll , which quenches it into the amorphous state .
similar species include " laetiporus gilbertsonii " ( fluorescent pink , more amorphous ) and " l. coniferica " ( common in the western united states , especially on red fir trees ) .
the original soundtrack is rhythmically amorphous music composed by oleg yanchenko .
neo - minimalism is an amorphous art movement of the late twentieth and early twenty - first centuries .
ceramic materials are usually ionic or covalent bonded materials , and can be crystalline or amorphous .
high - density amorphous ice ( hda ) can be formed by compressing ice ih at temperatures below ~140 k. at 77 k , hda forms from ordinary natural ice at around 1.6 gpa and from lda at around 0.5 gpa ( approximately 5,000 atm ) .
all plgas are amorphous rather than crystalline and show a glass transition temperature in the range of 40 - 60 °c .
polyamide - imides are thermoplastic amorphous polymers that have exceptional mechanical , thermal and chemical resistant properties .
the surface composition of pholus has been estimated from its reflectance spectrum using two spatially segregated components : dark amorphous carbon and an intimate mixture of water ice , methanol ice , olivine grains , and complex organic compounds ( tholins ) .
the viscous flow in amorphous materials is characterised by a deviation from the arrhenius - type behaviour : " q " changes from a high value " q"h at low temperatures ( in the glassy state ) to a low value " q"l at high temperatures ( in the liquid state ) .
consequently , the new micromorphous tandem technology boosts the efficiency level up to 50 percent higher than traditional amorphous single cells .
in contrast , the amorphous fiber domains act like links of the fibers .
amorphous materials do not have a eutectic point , but do have a critical point , below which the product must be maintained to prevent melt - back or collapse during primary and secondary drying .
typically , amorphous silicon thin - film cells use a p - i - n structure .
they are thin film coatings which consist predominantly of the chemical element carbon , which include plasma polymer films , amorphous carbon films ( diamond - like carbon , dlc ) , cvd diamond films as well as graphite films .
says marcus : " the idea of the perfect album is this amorphous thing that we 're always aiming at [ … ] the whole point of making music is at least to aim at your own idea of perfection . "
he left birkbeck in 1953 to take up a position at university college , leicester , where he did research on amorphous selenium films .
bernal , however , had shown on geometrical grounds with various modes of particle packing that no continuous transition from the crystalline to the amorphous or liquid state is possible without passing through the polycrystalline state , in which regular regions are separated by regions of misfit .
variously known as cupstones , " anvil stones , " " pitted cobbles " and " nutting stones , " among other names , these roughly discoidal or amorphous groundstone artifacts are among the most common lithic remains of native american culture , especially in the midwest , in early archaic contexts .
in 1992 , the first commercial amorphous alloy , vitreloy 1 ( 41.2% zr , 13.8% ti , 12.5% cu , 10% ni , and 22.5% be ) , was developed at caltech , as a part of department of energy and nasa research of new aerospace materials .
many materials ( such as glass - ceramics and some polymers ) , can be prepared in such a way as to produce a mixture of crystalline and amorphous regions .
certain materials , such as glass or glycerol , may harden without crystallizing ; these are called amorphous solids .
for instance , if it is necessary to deliver a drug in the amorphous form , it is desirable to process the drug at temperatures below those at which crystallization can occur .
tellurium monoxide was first reported in 1883 as a black amorphous solid formed by the heat decomposition of in vacuum , disproportionating into tellurium dioxide , and elemental tellurium upon heating .
viscoelasticity is the phenomena of time - dependent strain exhibited by amorphous materials such as polymers or glasses .
electronic portal imaging is the process of using digital imaging , such as a ccd video camera , liquid ion chamber and amorphous silicon flat panel detectors to create a digital image with improved quality and contrast over traditional portal imaging .
amorphous creatures , approximately 8 feet in height , eyeless , slippery in texture , and greyish - white in colour .
typically , two distorted rhythm guitars are played together to give an amorphous quality to the sound .
the blob is an amorphous creature from outer space that lands on earth encased in a meteor .
aluminium hydroxide gels can be dehydrated ( e.g. , with the utility of water - miscible non - aqueous solvents like ethanol ) to form an amorphous aluminium hydroxide powder , which is readily soluble in acids .
polyamorphism is the ability of a substance to exist in several different amorphous modifications .
this light induced degradation is the major disadvantage of amorphous silicon as a photovoltaic material .
the timescale for the crystalline ice to revert to amorphous ice under this bombardment is on the order of ten million years , while trans - neptunian objects have been in their present cold - temperature locations for timescales of thousands of millions of years .
this is achieved by removing just the thin amorphous surface layer left by the last process with an abrasive stone ; this layer is usually about 1 μm in magnitude .
amorphous computing .
after a four year hiatus , and rumours of mental illness which turned out to be nothing more than exaggeration of cobain 's mercury poisoning from fillings in his teeth , the pair returned in 2002 with " the isness " , a record heavily influenced by 1960s and 1970s psychedelia and released under their alias amorphous androgynous .
' cool ' , though an amorphous quality — more mystique than material — is a pervasive element in urban black male culture .
synthetic amorphous sodium aluminosilicate is widely used as a food additive , e-554 .
in the philippines , there are many amorphous groups of airsoft players organized into " teams " of varying sizes .
scientist - entrepreneur stanford ovshinsky pioneered the field and coined the term after he founded energy conversion devices , inc. ( ecd ) in 1960 to further his research in amorphous semiconductors .
the discovery of fullerenes greatly expanded the number of known carbon allotropes , which until recently were limited to graphite , diamond , and amorphous carbon such as soot and charcoal .
the fact that the ice was still in crystalline form suggested it had been recently deposited , as solar radiation would have degraded older ice to an amorphous state after roughly thirty thousand years .
the " amorphous strums " refers to curtiss pernice and sam mixon , who also played on the album .
mr. ovshinsky is a prolific inventor , credited with inventing the nickel metal hydride battery , and amorphous materials used in a variety of products from flexible solar panels to rewritable cds and dvds . disagreeing with his wife 's downplaying of her contributions throughout their careers
briefer , with his trademark " loose and smooth ink and brush skills " began telling stories that would " straddle some amorphous line between pure children 's humor and adventure and an adult sensibility about the world " .
since the middle of the 20th century , “ phil mag ” , as the journal is affectionately known , has focussed on condensed matter physics and published significant papers on dislocations , mechanical properties of solids , amorphous semiconductors and glasses .
amorphous poly - alpha - olefins ( apao ) are produced by ( co- ) polymerisation of α-olefins , e.g. propylene or 1-butene with ziegler - natta catalysts .
it is commonly partially amorphous due to radiation damage .
while the common mythology at william & mary at the time of ebirt 's reign was that it was simply ' an asexual amorphous green blob ' , the mascot of a green and gold frog was actually chosen to raise awareness of the threatened / endangered status of many of the world 's species , while simultaneously highlighting the official school colors .
distribution transformers can achieve low no - load losses by using cores made with low - loss high - permeability silicon steel or amorphous ( non - crystalline ) metal alloy .
common semiconducting materials are crystalline solids but amorphous and liquid semiconductors are known , such as mixtures of arsenic , selenium and tellurium in a variety of proportions .
phosphorus after this treatment exists as an amorphous network of atoms that reduces strain and gives greater stability ; further heating results in the red phosphorus becoming crystalline .
conversely , a lower - intensity heat pulse of longer duration will crystallize an amorphous region .
amorphous boron contains b12 regular icosahedra that are randomly bonded to each other without long range order .
amorphous thin films .
amorphous silicon .
fulfilling these requirements has been possible through the use of puo2-tho2 mox , and tho2 - 233uo2 mox in different pins of the same fuel cluster , and the use of a heterogeneous moderator consisting of amorphous carbon ( in the fuel bundles ) and heavy water in 80%-20% volume ratio .
he discovered experimentally that post annealing with h2 and o2 can drastically remove dangling bond defects in amorphous silicon .
they consist mostly of silicon dioxide ( sio2 ) , which is present in two forms : amorphous , which is rounded and smooth , and crystalline , which is sharp , pointed and hazardous ; aluminium oxide ( al2o3 ) and iron oxide ( fe2o3 ) .
micromorphous silicon module technology combines two different types of silicon , amorphous and microcrystalline silicon , in a top and a bottom photovoltaic cell .
sio2 has a number of distinct crystalline forms in addition to amorphous forms .
in a typical amorphous silicon solar cell the efficiency is reduced by up to 30% in the first 6 months as a result of the staebler – wronski effect , and the fill factor falls from over 0.7 to about 0.6 .
these feathers soon decompose into a felt - like , amorphous mass .
it has virtually no melting point , due to its amorphous nature .
many amorphous alloys are formed by exploiting a phenomenon called the " confusion " effect .
the specific properties and commercial availability of porous glass make it one of the most extensively researched and characterized amorphous solids .
however , its high cost ( about twice that of conventional steel ) and lower mechanical properties make use of amorphous steel economical only for certain distribution - type transformers .
vitreloy was the end result of a long research program into amorphous metals carried out at caltech .
when the temperature is higher than the glass transition temperature ( ) , the activation energy of viscosity is low because amorphous materials are melt and have most of their joining bonds broken which facilitates flow .
the silicate wall of the pores is amorphous .
changes in an amorphous polymer may involve other sub - tg thermal transitions associated with short molecular segments , side - chains and branches .
the album also includes two songs they recorded under the name amorphous androgynous .
gesbte has two stable states , crystalline and amorphous .
" lenox range " is a somewhat amorphous landform , unrecognized by the gnis , parts of which appear to correlate with what the usgs currently labels " lenox mountain , " as well as perhaps including numerous other nearby hilltops .
on the other hand , the corresponding regiorandom polymers produced “ amorphous and orange - colored films . ”
crystalline quartz sio2 exhibits rotary polarization whereas the amorphous forms of silica do not .
annealing at 1000 °c converts amorphous boron to β-rhombohedral boron .
the performance of mugams does therefore not present an amorphous and spontaneous , impulsive improvisation .
the drilling process involves the use of an infrared laser ( wavelength about 1060 nm ) to bore very fine holes ( less than 0.2 millimeters or 0.005 inches in diameter ) into a diamond to create a route of access to an inclusion . because diamond is transparent to the wavelength of the laser beam , a coating of amorphous carbon or other energy - absorbent substance is applied to the surface of the diamond to initiate the drilling process .
to pilot it , anemone is interfaced directly with the machine through an amorphous , organic frame .
this specimen was chosen because it exhibits small strains that are difficult to resolve and also because it is amorphous and thus minimizes any microstructural inhomogeneities .
amorphous ice is used in some scientific experiments , especially in electron cryomicroscopy of biomolecules .
a superglass is a phase of matter which is characterized at the same time by superfluidity and a frozen amorphous structure .
amorphous sodium aluminosilicate .
fibrin describes an amorphous , eosinophilic ( pink ) network .
after trying amorphous silicon , he shifted to cdte at the urging of jim nolan and founded solar cells inc .
the amorphous became crystalline , the opaque transparent , the static kinetic ...
in 2003 , hussein chalayan portrayed his wabi - sabi inspiration through amorphous layered drapings .
the new incarnation of amorphous androgynous is very much cobains new vehicle for the expression of his energy whilst still releasing their more electronic based music as fsol .
in the book , selby refers to the " american dream " as amorphous and unattainable , a compilation of the various desires of the story 's characters .
howe also drums for psychedelic group amorphous androgynous , fronted by garry cobain of the future sound of london .
dense membranes can be synthesized as amorphous or heterogeneous structures .
it is a hideous , amorphous blob of blood that lurks about and frightens people with its horrible appearance .
a firm , necrotic center surrounded by inflamed tissue , which forms an amorphous proteinaceous mass with no preserved original architecture .
as2s3 occurs both in crystalline and amorphous forms .
produced the first amorphous silicon thin film solar cell at the production plant located in henan , china using its in - house designed 40mw production line .
have amorphous regions in which the chains approximate random coils , alternating with regions which are crystalline .
a good natural example of this phenomenon can be found in precious opal , where brilliant regions of pure spectral color result from close - packed domains of colloidal spheres of amorphous silicon dioxide , sio2 ( see above illustration ) .
it is an amorphous mass of lively , spontaneous souls who meet throughout the year for silliness , inhibition removal and variety arts performer networking .
quoting from that document : these [ sp3 ] bonds can occur not only with crystals - in other words , in solids with long - range order - but also in amorphous solids where the atoms are in a random arrangement .
allanite is a mineral readily altered by hydration , becoming optically isotropic and amorphous : for this reason several varieties have been distinguished , and many different names applied .
the painting depicts an amorphous , riotous mass of open - mouthed figures proferring signs that read “ champion , do not leave us , ” and “
further crystallization of the amorphous phase may take place .
the regional designation is largely artificial and actual suburbs and localities that are considered to be in the " forest district " can be somewhat amorphous and varies according to who is doing the listing .
amorphous calcium phosphate ( acp ) is a substance used as a dental treatment .
at very high pressures , the coordination number of germanium in amorphous germanium dioxide changes to 6 , and when the pressure is reduced , the structure reverts back to the 4-coordinate form .
quartz glass is a form of silicon dioxide ( sio2 ) with amorphous solid structure .
this material typically behaves more like crystalline silicon than the amorphous variety .
amorphous boron .
it is an amorphous form of silica ( sio2 ) .
" the isness " is a 2002 album by experimental electronica group the future sound of london , released under the alias " amorphous androgynous " ( except in the us , where it was released as fsol for commercial reasons ) .
the material was named santa barbara amorphous type material , or sba-15 .
compared to the highly - structured folktale , legend is comparatively amorphous , helmut de boor noted in 1928 .
shoaling fish can shift into a disciplined and coordinated school , then shift back to an amorphous shoal within seconds .
pervasive networks are an amorphous and at present entirely hypothetical concept where the user can be simultaneously connected to several wireless access technologies and can seamlessly move between them ( see vertical handoff , ieee 802.21 ) .
perhaps the most useful property of bulk amorphous alloys is that they are true glasses , which means that they soften and flow upon heating .
recent developments by recaldent have made it possible to bring calcium and phosphate in an amorphous form to the mouth .
liquidmetal and vitreloy are commercial names of a series of amorphous metal alloys developed by a california institute of technology research team , now marketed by a firm that the team organized called liquidmetal technologies .
the polymers can form amorphous and semicrystalline structures ( can also have different glass transition temperatures ) , affecting the membrane performance characteristics .
amorphous carbon is the name used for carbon that does not have any crystalline structure .
the provisional naming was " nimbin " ( sulphur - free crystalline product with melting point at 205 °c , empirical composition c7h10o2 ) , " nimbinin " ( with similar principle , melting at 192 °c ) , and " nimbidin " ( cream - coloured containing amorphous sulphur , melting at 90–100 °c ) .
amorphous .
though he deplored roosevelt 's role in the " militant imperialism " of the spanish – american war , he approved of the " amorphous mixture of socialism and laisser faire [ " sic " ] " in roosevelt 's campaign speeches .
red phosphorus exists as an amorphous network .
other materials in this group include cdte and amorphous si .
biogenic silica ( bsi ) is the equivalent to the terms opal , biogenic opal , and amorphous opaline silica .
amorphous recognised allotropes .
almost all metal exists in a polycrystalline state ; amorphous or single - crystal metals must be produced synthetically , often with great difficulty .
for a list of the many different crystalline and amorphous forms of solid h2o , see the article ice .
the attraction may be to a physical quality of a person , or to other , more amorphous qualities of the person .
the hipster world that kerouac and ginsberg drifted in and out of from the mid - forties to the early - fifties was an amorphous movement without ideology , more a pose than an attitude ; a way of " being " without attempting to explain why .
he is referred to as " jamie de curry of the marked face , " and is shown with an amorphous red birthmark on his left cheek .
the distinction was originally made by roger schank in the mid-1970s to characterize the difference between his work on natural language processing ( which represented commonsense knowledge in the form of large amorphous semantic networks ) from the work of john mccarthy , alan newell , herbert simon , robert kowalski and others whose work was based on logic and formal extensions of logic .
as the temperature increases , an amorphous solid will become less viscous .
hydrogen is highly soluble in many compounds composed of rare earth metals and transition metals and can be dissolved in both crystalline and amorphous metals .
dopplerite is a naturally occurring organic substance found in amorphous , elastic or jelly - like masses , of brownish - black color , in peat beds in styria and in switzerland .
paraxylene , ethylene glycol , purified terephthalic acid ( pta ) , propane , and ethane are used by eastman to manufacture polyethylene terephthalate ( pet ) polymers and polyethylene products including low density polyethylene ( ldpe ) and linear low density polyethylene ( lldpe ) , as well as a clear amorphous thermoplastic in glycol - modified polyethylene terephthalate ( petg ) .
coal and soot or carbon black are informally called amorphous carbon .
by way of comparison , the rate for amorphous silicon solar cells is 0.20 - 0.30%/°c , depending on how the cell is made .
glass is an amorphous material commonly used in windows , tableware , optoelectronics and decorative items .
it differs from amorphous silicon , used for thin films ( thin - film silicon cell ) .
this transition from amorphous solid to crystalline solid is an exothermic process , and results in a peak in the dsc signal .
amorphous calcium phosphate .
this tacticity introduces crystallinity in otherwise amorphous polymers .
cyclic olefin copolymer ( coc ) is an amorphous polymer made by several polymer manufacturers .
however , despite the similar musical pedigree , broadcast 's music often has a darker , edgier sound - with amorphous samples and analogue dissonance giving it a retro - futuristic sci - fi edge .
cells are solitary or united into colonies of various kinds , which may be linked by siliceous structures ; mucilage pads , or stalks ; mucilage tubes ; amorphous masses of mucilage and threads of polysaccharide ( chitin ) , which are secreted through strutted processes .
tg is usually applicable to wholly or partially amorphous solids such as common glasses and plastics ( organic polymers ) .
the higher temperature polymorphs of silica cristobalite and tridymite are frequently the first to crystallize from amorphous anhydrous silica , and the local structures of microcrystalline opals also appear to be closer to that of cristobalite and tridymite than to quartz .
but there is a way , which combines two different types of silicon , microcrystalline and amorphous , in a photovoltaic cell in order to fabricate micromorph solar modules .
amorphous boron is a brown powder formed as a product of many chemical reactions .
amorphous carbon materials may also be stabilized by terminating dangling-π bonds with hydrogen .
the notion that glass flows to an appreciable extent over extended periods of time is not supported by empirical research or theoretical analysis ( see viscosity of amorphous materials ) .
sharp scrakes of black ink give a dark powerful energy to the birds whereas sweeney himself , an amorphous seated presence , is like a moonlit reflection .
the technologically most important thin amorphous film is probably represented by few nm thin sio2 layers serving as isolator above the conducting channel of a metal - oxide semiconductor field - effect transistor mosfet .
coal and soot are both informally called amorphous carbon .
developed the nanopatterning of amorphous metals which can be used as inexpensive templates for nanoimprinting .
expel an amorphous , flammable gel through his pores that ignites in the air , and can be directed as blasts of burning napalm from his fists .
however , the market 's ability to efficiently respond to a short term , widely publicized event such as a takeover announcement does not necessarily prove market efficiency related to other more long term , amorphous factors .
they showed that the dark conductivity and photoconductivity of hydrogenated amorphous silicon can be reduced significantly by prolonged illumination with intense light .
while their true appearance is unknown , the old ones were most often depicted as amorphous mounds of flesh covered with swarming tentacles , unblinking eyes , and gaping maws .
by mixing these polytypes in various ways at the nanoscale level of structure , dlc coatings can be made that at the same time are amorphous , flexible , and yet purely sp3 bonded " diamond " .
we may still hope that the ideal - chain , random - coil model will be at least a qualitative indication of the shapes and dimensions of real polymers in solution , and in the amorphous state , so long as there are only weak physicochemical interactions between the monomers .
manufacturers are able to produce clear products by rapidly cooling molten polymer to form an amorphous solid .
navrotsky introduced and applied the method for measuring the energetics of crystalline oxides of glasses , amorphous , nanophase material , porous materials of hydrous phases and carbonates also more recently nitrides and oxynitrides .
one can see general sanshou as a synthesis of traditional chinese kung fu fighting techniques into a more amorphous system and is commonly taught alongside traditional chinese styles which sanshou techniques , theory and training methods are derived from .
direct fpd 's - amorphous selenium flat panel detectors ( a - se ) are known as “
gymnite is an amorphous form of antigorite , a hydrated magnesium silicate mineral .
based on these concerns , the opinion concluded that the principal 's actions were motivated by a " serious and palpable " danger of drug abuse quite different from the amorphous fears of anti - war sentiment at play in " tinker " .
sticky and sweet , it dissolves quickly in the mouth ( due to its amorphous nature ) although it feels like wool to the touch .
while the islamic group had originally been an amorphous movement of local groups centered in mosques without offices or membership roll , by the late 1980s it became more organized and " even adopted an official logo : an upright sword standing on an open qur'an with an orange sun rising in the background , " encircled by the qur'anic verse " that abdel rahman had quoted at his trials while trying to explain jihad to the judges : وَقَاتِلُوهُمْ حَتَّى لاَ تَكُونَ فِتْنَةٌ وَيَكُونَ الدِّينُ لِلّهِ فَإِنِ انتَهَواْ فَلاَ عُدْوَانَ إِلاَّ عَلَى الظَّالِمِينَ / fight them on until there is no more tumult , and there prevail justice and faith in allah ; but if they cease , let there be no hostility except to those who practise oppression .
the crystalline and amorphous states of chalcogenide glass have dramatically different electrical resistivity , and this forms the basis by which data are stored .
a silicon thin - film cell is a thin - film cell that uses amorphous ( a - si or a - si : h ) , protocrystalline , nanocrystalline ( nc - si or nc - si : h ) or black silicon .
apart from the rather amorphous noise experiment " travel by thought , " all songs were written solely by steve kilbey .
as configurons form percolating clusters , an amorphous solid can transition to a liquid .
owing to the amorphous nature of this idea over the years , there has not been a single head or an organisational structure to the movement .
" tetragonal " geo2 ( the mineral argutite ) has the rutile - like structure of stishovite ( germanium having coordination number 6 ) ; and " amorphous " ( glassy ) geo2 is similar to fused silica .
other common - law concepts with previously amorphous limits have been more clearly delineated .
vitreous solders retain their amorphous structure during remelting , can be reworked repeately , and are relatively transparent .
