" ... is the place for exciting arcade style games , challenging board games and other amusements . " ( manual , pg 15 )
however , the last gift shops and child amusements went out of business in 1995 .
notwithstanding the amazingly successful efforts to provide a non - commercial atmosphere at the three historic triangle areas ( and on the colonial parkway between them ) , there are many hotels , motels , campgrounds , restaurants , shops and stores , gasoline stations , and amusements close by .
this consisted of a virulent attack on the manners , customs , amusements and fashions of the period , and is still valuable for its copious information on those matters .
he has shown work in exhibitions including " modern amusements " at 63 eleven gallery , seattle ; " outdoor sculpture show " at dna gallery , provincetown ; " line " at markham murray gallery , new york ; and " urban organics " at nightingale gallery , water mill .
there were many amusements in the cities which could attract audiences rich and poor , such as trained animals performing tricks , cockfighting and caged animal fights between tigers , horse racing , puppet shows , musical performances with dancing , acrobatic feats , and juggling .
new amusements were added : the thriller roller coaster , seaplane circle swings , a caterpillar ride , and custer cars .
in 1953 , moses had the entire island rezoned for residential use only and announced plans to demolish the amusements to make room for low income housing .
as a child , spruce " showed much aptitude for learning , and at an early age developed a great love of nature . amongst his favourite amusements was the making of lists of plants , and he had also a great liking for astronomy .
jean - françois revel once wrote that " one of the favourite amusements of ' political scientists ' is to search for the author of the term " eurocommunism . "
some amusements were moved to the cne , others sold off or just destroyed .
there were also some children 's amusements on site to keep the younger generation happy .
he delighted in meaningless amusements and was immensely pleased with anyone who indulged in filthy language ; and the more obscene the conversation was in any company the better he was pleased . "
soon after , concessions were requested and granted to operate amusements on the lands .
since the 1920s , all property north of the boardwalk and south of surf avenue was zoned for amusement and recreational use only , with some large lots of property north of surf also zoned for amusements only .
in spite of its absurdist amusements , this singular issue was a work of impassioned radical opinion , published only a few weeks after the communist revolt in berlin had been quashed by gustav noske 's free corps , and karl liebknecht and rosa luxemburg murdered . "
national amusements holds controlling voting interests in cbs corporation and viacom ( which includes mtv networks , comedy central , bet , and movie production and distribution paramount pictures ) , and is equal partners in movietickets.com .
jean - antoine watteau invented a genre that was called fêtes galantes , where he would show scenes of courtly amusements taking place in arcadian setting ; these often had a poetic and allegorical quality which were considered to ennoble them .
by the 19th century , leicester square was known as an entertainment venue , with many amusements peculiar to the era including wyld 's globe which was built for the great exhibition and housed a giant scale map of the earth .
in addition to the sand , surf and amusements , there were two roller skating rinks , two bowling alleys , and numerous food stands .
they gay[ly ] continue their giddy amusements – the errands go on with business as usual , & the war is an interesting topic , which they keep more or less in mind .
today , cbs is owned by the cbs corporation , after being spun off from viacom in 2006 , though national amusements is still the majority owner of the cbs corporation and the " new " viacom .
he contributed to the literary chronicle and the imperial magazine under the signature e. g. b. , and to the literary magnet and the world of fashion under that of r. he published in 1825 a volume entitled a new series of original poems and a few years after another entitled microscopic amusements .
west coast amusements .
but if he was one , he was an aristocrat , according to his friends , in the best sense of the word , despising the idle rich and having no use for " parasites , dilettantes or mere pleasure - seekers " , whose company , clubs and amusements he avoided .
it soon gained in popularity as other amusements were added , including woburn safari park on the grounds of the abbey in 1970 .
the concessionaires were local , and zabel amusements from derby provided the rides .
while the early italian renaissance gardens were designed for contemplation and pleasure with tunnels of greenery , trees for shade , an enclosed " giardino segreto " ( secret garden ) and fields for games and amusements , the medici , the ruling dynasty of florence , used gardens to demonstrate their own power and magnificence . "
the rides and other amusements at coney island are owned and managed by several different companies , and operate independently of each other .
these venues replaced earlier semi - rural amusements provided by traditional fairs and suburban pleasure gardens such as vauxhall gardens and the cremorne gardens .
the pavilion theatre and denton cafe is situated at the northern , land end of the pier ; at the middle is the 1935 amusement arcade , which from 1956 - 2006 carried a distinctive ' new amusements ' sign that was featured on the cover of the album " to see the lights " ( 1996 ) by britpop band gene .
at that stage , amusements were provided such as darts , billatelle shooting galleries , ball bowling , hoop - la and cheap jacks .
palace amusements .
pleasure piers often include other amusements and theatres as part of the attraction .
his publications have been mainly in the field of popular amusements .
after the manufacturing plant closed down some years later , busch gardens focused progressively on its tropical landscape , exotic animals , and amusements to draw visitors .
many tourists come to visit xerém to be a quiet , greenery , waterfalls , several places and many other amusements .
the terms of the trust specify the rec should be used for " games and sports of all kinds , tournaments , fetes , shows , exhibitions , displays , amusements , entertainments , or other activities of a like character " and there be no " undue preference to or in favour of any particular game or sport " .
the entertainment quarters of kaifeng , hangzhou , and other cities featured amusements including snake charmers , sword swallowers , fortunetellers , acrobats , puppeteers , actors , storytellers , tea houses and restaurants , and brokers offering young women who could serve as hired maids , concubines , singing girls , or prostitutes .
some are bred for men 's sakes ; some for their own pleasures and amusements ; some are of no use to us .
when he was young the family moved to birmingham , england , where drawing and painting became his favorite amusements .
bowling , croquet playing , dancing , and drinking from the famous spring were the amusements for the guests .
especially popular were " arithmetic for entertainment " , " mechanics for entertainment " , " geometry for entertainment " , " astronomy for entertainment " , " lively mathematics " , " physics everywhere " , and " tricks and amusements " .
today sokolniki is a typical russian park , with an aging funfair and other amusements for children , and numerous fast food stalls all clustered near the main entrance .
if both amusements are owned by the same player , the player can not replace a ticket booth ; they must discard this chance card and draw a new one .
cliffwood beach was a popular resort in the 1950s and early 1960s , with a boardwalk , saltwater swimming pool , dining and dancing at the cat n fiddle , and other amusements .
thus common amusements include the omnipresent dog and cock fighting .
other amusements include a tilt - a - whirl , a three - story drop tower ( the " vertical plunge " ) , the " liberty carousel " , and the .
cinema de lux is a chain of cinemas in the united states and the united kingdom , owned by showcase cinemas , which in turn is owned by national amusements .
davis was named a member of the board of national amusements , which controlled viacom , but ceased to manage the company .
trump was unable to get a change to the zoning of the area , which required " amusements " only , ( largely due to the efforts of the coney island chamber of commerce ) and decided to demolish the park before it could obtain landmark status .
established in 1962 , the area contains a large mall with indoor amusements , a skating rink , snack bars , a full - service lounge , restaurant , and gift and clothing stores .
on march 6 , 2007 , midway reported that it had entered into a new $ 90 m credit agreement with national amusements , a company controlled by sumner redstone .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
amusements parks .
the original plans saw this as a " tivoli gardens " themed area of amusements and catering outlets .
the world 's columbian exposition was the first world 's fair with an area for amusements that was strictly separated from the exhibition halls .
rides / amusements .
despite the split , national amusements retains majority control of both firms .
also area office & store of bell amusements ltd , a fruit machine company morlands took over from northampton .
the coaster became inactive when luna park was closed following the 1979 sydney ghost train fire , and was demolished and burnt , along with most of the ' old ' luna park , when australian amusements associates took over the site on 3 june 1981 .
andrew o'hehir at salon entertainment says " neil jordan 's sweetly tragicomic movie " has " elaborate fantasy sequences [ that ] feel like irrelevant amusements . "
it is the scene of an annual " trout parade " in june that draws marching bands , fire trucks and other local amusements .
william baker , omt , headmaster from 1870–1900 , wanted to develop the whole of the new site for games , " to foster a corporate and public spirit among the boys of the school , by drawing them together in common amusements and giving them common interests " .
historically , before india acquired independence british government imposed heavy taxes on the events of amusements and entertainment , where a large gathering of indians could have caused rebellion or mutiny .
it served as a center of amusements during the world 's columbian exposition in 1893 , lending the name " midway " to areas at county and state fairs where sideshows are located .
in recent years the regatta has also always included a side - show alley , with amusements , challenges and show - rides .
while owning the bar , “ one of his favorite amusements was to stand against the wall and bet any one the drinks for the house that he could not strike him in the head with his fist .
this remains the main focus for tourism , with a sandy beach , cafes , amusements , arcades , theatres and entertainment facilities .
reunited at the end of time , jherek and the other inhabitants of the end of time have returned to their preferred amusements of parties and games .
in 1807 dumont was admitted to the naval academy at brest where he presented himself as a timid young man , very serious and studious , little interested in amusements and much more interested in studies than in military matters .
other amusements within the zoo include a climbing wall , safari tram , a carousel , the sea lion show , two small trains and swan paddleboats .
in september 2005 , thor 's founder , joe sitt , went public with his new plans , which he claimed was going to be a large bellagio - style hotel resort surrounded by rides and amusements .
they had few amusements , few spectacles and very few sublime objects capable of arresting the attention of a european ; and such a one could not easily appreciate the extent of the private happiness of a people who were secure and not poor .
it celebrates the oyster industry in the clean waters of sa 's far - west coast , with a wide variety of activities , including a gala dinner , a charity quest , live concerts , children 's amusements and a street parade .
otto then spent his time in wolfstein castle in landshut with amusements .
although designed as a live - theatre , the civic was immediately leased as a cinema to northern amusements ( in association with newcastle theatres pty ltd and greater union ) .
since 1997 world 's finest shows , the former conklin shows of brantford , ontario , has provided rides , previously with amusements of america .
it featured water slides , mini - golf , bumper boats , dodgem cars and many other amusements and was popular with many adelaide residents .
the slides and amusements are the same ones first used in 1935 , but modified to meet modern safety standards .
while the early italian renaissance gardens were designed for contemplation and pleasure with tunnels of greenery , trees for shade , an enclosed " giardino segreto " ( secret garden ) and fields for games and amusements , the medici , the ruling dynasty of florence , used gardens to demonstrate their own power and magnificence . "
petty varavu’. thousands gather during the nercha , which assumes carnival proportion with hectic trade and amusements .
leavitt 's and sargent 's shows differed little from the coarser material presented in earlier itinerant entertainments , although their use of the term to provide a veneer of respectability points to an early effort to cater variety amusements to the growing middle class .
both cbs corporation and the new viacom are still owned by sumner redstone 's company , national amusements .
in his 1785 book , " natural magic or physical amusements revealed " , philip astley wrote that he himself had invented the trick in 1762 .
if both amusements are owned by different players , the player must replace one of the ticket booths with one of their own .
she and živný meet again for the first time amid the amusements of a spa town .
however , because national amusements retains majority control of both cbs and the new viacom , cbs programs ( including those under the original paramount tv name ) are still distributed under the paramount home entertainment label
the authority 's mandate pursuant to the theatres and amusements act includes film classification , licensing , and regulation .
activities of social life were few , the chief amusements being singing , spelling bees , and family gatherings .
a number of amusements are directly accessible from the land side of the boardwalk , as is the new york aquarium and a variety of food shops and arcades .
during the weekend of april 6 - 9 , 2006 , doris self faced off against kelly tharp , of sellersburg , in , in a highly publicized q*bert showdown , held at apollo amusements in pompano beach , fl .
there were roughly 250 amusements operating in the united states in 1899 ; the number almost tripled ( 700 ) by 1905 ; and more than doubled again ( to 1500 ) by 1919 - and these latter figures do not include the amusement parks that were opened and permanently closed by then .
" right living conditions comprise pure food and a safe water supply , a clean and disease free atmosphere in which to live and work , proper shelter and adjustment of work , rest , and amusements . "
officials for the athletics felt that there was no difference between charging people admission for exposition amusements on sunday , and charging a fee for a baseball game .
when the gardens became a highway stop along the burgeoning lincoln highway , malec added amusements to this already busy roadside attraction .
this is primary due to the company split - up of parent company viacom into two separate entities , viacom and cbs corporation , the latter owning showtime ( though both companies are still controlled by national amusements ) .
audley developed into a small village of amusements , surrounded by ' pleasure gardens ' .
currently , redstone owns over seventy percent of the voting stock of viacom , which , in actuality , is a not wholly - owned subsidiary of national amusements , which is his privately held , family - owned company .
in 2004 in a corporate deal palace amusements began managing the park .
the tunnel was sealed and abandoned , and the former ramsgate harbour station was sold to thanet amusements , who converted it into a zoo and funfair called merrie england .
today , the pier remains a popular attraction , with amusements and fun - fair rides in a hangar - type building .
at a time when people commonly devised their own amusements and when singing and recitation were required social skills , the young dodgson was well - equipped to be an engaging entertainer .
the park was renamed " conneaut lake park " in 1920 to reflect a move toward more amusements and rides .
" quoz even suggests that dueling be licensed by " the blood and thunder office " of the state as an official event , where the public can watch , as " this would be a valuable addition to the list of our refined amusements . "
in addition to the sand , surf and amusements , there were two roller skating rinks , two bowling alleys , and numerous food stands .
mr potter takes us a fishing , and bathing , and we have delightful walks , a pleasant playground , pretty little gardens , rabbithouses , & c. furnish amusements for us in the summer evenings .
ashland boasts a wooded central park , founded in 1854 , playgrounds and other amusements .
west coast amusements is a canadian travelling amusement park company based in langley , british columbia .
their chesapeake beach , maryland , resort was to be a vacation spot for the rich and middle class alike , with two grand hotels , a boardwalk , racetrack , and amusements .
amusements still existed , though only for those who could afford them .
soon after max 's was purchased , maybaum expanded the business by moving it south of the long branch pier and amusements .
the younger pietro neglected the duties of government for these amusements and would never suffer himself to be painted except clad in armor .
located on long island ’s great south bay , this diverse park is home to many different athletic fields and other forms of amusements .
cbs corporation , likewise , is controlled by redstone through national amusements .
on the left is the beach and seaside amusements ; on the right are some camping coaches in the old goods yard .
tillie is the nickname of two murals of a grinning figure that were painted on the side of the palace amusements building in asbury park , new jersey , united states .
nothing remains for any of the boardwalk amusements , except for the large swimming pool , which lies abandoned and filled with debris .
amusements are acceptable in moderation , when they are necessary , but they become a burden if they consume the minds of men enough to waste their time .
although associated with cultural innovations and popular amusements ( cabaret , cancan , the cinema , new art forms such as impressionism and art nouveau ) , france was nevertheless a nation divided internally on notions of religion , class , regionalisms and money , and on the international front france came repeatedly to the brink of war with the other imperial powers , including great britain ( the fashoda incident ) .
the neue staatsgalerie – he loaded its powerful basic concept with a large number of architectural amusements and decorative allusions , which led many to see it as an example of postmodernism – a label which then stuck , but which he himself rejected .
non - fiction holdings also include books on the occult and supernatural , parapsychology , manner and customs , etiquette and advice , arts and crafts , hobbies , games and amusements , sports , foodways and cookery , domestic arts , costume and dress , and humor .
low on funds , and with his and charlie 's business hurting because of low turnout , meade decides to go to chicago and run a series of amusements while charlie continues to run their spots in san diego .
in the film , tillie and the palace amusements building can be seen in the background , a staple of asbury park and its culture .
[ j.pagaspas , " native amusements in the province of batangas " ]
in anthropology , " homo faber " ( as “ the working man ” ) is confronted with “ homo ludens ” ( the “ playing man , ” who is concerned with amusements , humor and leisure ) .
stung by lampoons which called him " iyasu tannush " ( " iyasu the little " , in contrast to his earlier namesake " iyasu the great " ) and described him as more interested in pursuing his pleasures and amusements than to the well - being of his own subjects , emperor iyasu decided to conquer the kingdom of sennar .
in the us , the association of inflatable rental company operators ( airco ) is the largest trade group for companies who rent inflatable amusements .
the amusements and other artifacts were sold at auction .
along with her younger sister , maria carolina spent her time " playing childish tricks , making improper remarks , and longing for unsuitable amusements .
there are authentic amusements : brazilian bars , punk clubs , hiphop stages , caribic restaurants , arthouse - cinemas , turkish kebabs and italian espresso - bars , but also sex shops or the famous red light district of zürich .
the sega europa - r is an arcade system board developed by sega amusements europe .
as the 1976 season wound down , the moreys heard that one of their long time competitors , marine pier amusements and playland , was for sale .
in exchange for their work , participants were granted several " guarantees " , including " medical attendance , nursing , education in all departments , amusements " .
penny arcades were once common at amusement parks and fairs but by the 1950s , such coin - operated amusements were generally replaced in midways by more modern games of chance and skill ( redemption games such as shooting galleries and skee ball ) .
the popularity of these amateur hockey matches prompted chocolate - maker and amusement park - operator , milton s. hershey , and his long - time entertainment and amusements chief , john b. sollenberger , to sponsor a permanent team in 1932–1933 called the hershey b'ars .
there were also over 50 concession - type amusements found on " the pike " ; they provided educational and scientific displays , exhibits and imaginary ' travel ' to distant lands , history and local boosterism ( including louis wollbrinck 's " old st. louis " ) and pure entertainment .
in 1888 ernest schnitzler built the palace merry - go - round on the southwest corner of lake avenue and kingsley street , the cornerstone of what would become the palace amusements complex ; other attractions followed .
national amusements also owns cbs corporation , which includes cbs , showtime , simon & schuster , cbs television studios , and other major entertainment properties .
both companies are still controlled by national amusements .
under the jennisons the main priorities for belle vue were the zoological and botanical aspects ; the amusements were provided as a distraction for visitors .
australian amusements associates won the tender in september 1980 , and took over administration of the site in early june 1981 .
sumner redstone 's company national amusements remains the largest single shareholder of both cbs corporation and the " new " viacom .
passengers can break their journey here to enjoy fairbourne 's long sandy beaches , penrhyn amusements and the children 's playground .
many of the amusements contained in this park would by today 's standards be considered dangerous .
integrated within funspot is the american classic arcade museum , which is the first 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization dedicated to restoring and displaying vintage coin - operated amusements .
the new lapbar system won flight of fear its third award from the international association of amusement parks and attractions , and its second for technology applied to amusements .
" allen not only could n't poke fun at individuals " , crosby wrote , " he also had to be careful not to step on their professions , their beliefs , and sometimes even their hobbies and amusements .
malco theatres , inc. confirmed to the " commercial appeal " on july 24 , 1986 , the sale of the company 's 38 locations to commonwealth amusements corp. of kansas city , missouri , was scheduled to be completed by the end of that summer .
amusements , a cinema , the pioneering labworth cafe , and nightclubs such as the goldmine and monico were built .
palace amusements , built in 1888 , closed in 1988 , and the historic building fell into disrepair .
in 1946 , boucher proposed in a letter to governor jimmie davis the enactment of a 10 percent amusements tax , including theater tickets , in louisiana for teacher pay increases , a proposal carried in the motion picture trade magazine " boxoffice " .
this large room was intended for evening amusements , whether concerts or games .
after a decade of court battles , trump exhausted his legal options and the property remained zoned for amusements .
( those ) who participated in it were participants in a childish game of amusements . "
today the major parks are the late astroland , which closed in late 2008 , deno 's wonder wheel amusement park ( a successful family owned park with over 20 rides located directly on the boardwalk ) , 12th street amusements , and kiddie park .
the streets are lined with stalls from local charities and organisations and old time amusements , including a ferris wheel , helter skelter and two children 's rides .
hope states that it was " annually dressed with flowers and branches of trees , and rustic games and amusements [ were ] indulged in by those attending . "
some 16 percent spent an average of two and one - quarter hours a day engaged in hobbies or amusements .
most rides were demolished , however several amusements including the derby racer were moved to the canadian national exhibition ( c.n.e ) , and the carousel to disneyland where it was renamed the king arthur carrousel .
casino / hotels front the boardwalk , as well as retail stores , restaurants , and amusements .
after amusements working in a restaurant , charlie uses his lunch break to go roller skating .
amc theatres ( american multi - cinema ) , officially known as amc entertainment , inc. , is the second largest movie theater chain in north america with 4,612 screens and one of only four national cinema chains ( national amusements , inc. , cinemark theaters and harkins theatres being the others ) of the 12 largest on the continent that did not go bankrupt during the 2001 - 2002 recession , due in part to the fact that its theatres often dominate lists of the top 50 most profitable theatres in north america .
serdica was of moderate size , but magnificent as an urban concept of planning and architecture , with abundant amusements and an active social life .
to abstain from games and amusements contrary to the shariah .
during the last few years a large traveling carnival operates rides and amusements in several parking areas from mid june to mid july , billing the event as the " danbury city fair " in a nod to the original upon whose site the mall was built .
other amusements included a carousel , a water play structure and swings .
however , women mixed freely in the business and amusements of social life .
both cbs corporation and the " new " viacom are still controlled by national amusements .
flight of fear has won three awards from the international association of amusement parks and attractions , including one for major theme / amusement park ride / attraction and two for technology applied to amusements .
les amusemens " ( “ the amusements ” ) could also be translated as “
however , national amusements , through redstone , retains majority control of both firms .
it provides movietimes for all theaters , and online ticket purchasing for many amc theaters , all national amusements theaters and all clearview cinemas , among other smaller chains ( such as the famous mann theatres in los angeles ) .
besides these , almost every mall in dammam has a section dedicated to rides and amusements for children .
along with the neighbouring resorts of ingoldmells , chapel st leonards and mablethorpe , it offers many amusements , leisure activities and beaches .
palace amusements was an historical indoor amusement park in asbury park , new jersey , usa .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
the precious grounds are to be overrun with fairground rides , tea - tents and other amusements for the throngs ( their numbers padded this year by a number of children visiting from london for the fresh air ) , and emsworth is forced by his sister connie to wear a stiff collar and a top hat , despite the warm weather and his strong protests .
although it was placed on the national registers of historic places , in 1988 palace amusements was closed , and was demolished in 2004 despite attempts to save it .
he was the powerful amusements editor for the dallas morning news and he was just as interested in making art happen in his native city as he was in covering it .
pin pan alley was a chain of video arcades originally owned by burton popowcer , then sold in 1983 to , and operated by bally amusements , and was later acquired by the hilton group .
the fourth chapter depicts one of the miserable weekends of the lonely young clerk , mr turgis , who wanders around london taking in any amusements he can afford .
he would later demolish several blocks of amusements to clear land for both the new york aquarium and the abe stark ice skating rink .
national amusements is now owned by michael redstone 's son , sumner redstone , who holds 80% of the company , and sumner 's daughter , shari redstone , who owns the remaining 20% .
in the usa , national amusements , hit entertainment , and kidtoons films released it to limited theaters , from july 1st , 2008 to july 31st .
the botanic park site became an ever expanding display of marquees , stalls , booths and amusements until 1859 .
games and amusements ; rules and privileges
several scenes were filmed at his old workplace barry 's amusements , although they were cut from the broadcast episode .
in the place of amusements are high rise housing units which includes the luxurious breakers condominium , an 11 story 72 unit high rise with panoramic ocean views .
her husband at that time was not interested to rule the duchy and preferred his private amusements .
through national amusements , shari redstone and her family are majority owners of cbs corporation , viacom , et al .
when he was 15 , he got his first paid job as a bingo caller at barry 's amusements in portrush .
in 1918 , the pentecostal fire - baptized holiness church was begun by former phc members who wanted stricter standards concerning dress , amusements , tobacco , and association between the sexes .
the name first appears in 1795 in william owen pughe 's " cambrian register " : " the mabinogion , or juvenile amusements , being ancient welsh romances . "
atkins and hopkins went on a world tour , bringing back new ride designs and amusements from amusement parks in the netherlands , the united states , germany , and britain .
this is complemented by less respectable amusements such as striptease , which , since the 1950s has become a fixture of certain east end pubs , particularly in the area of shoreditch , despite being a target of local authority restraints .
a cold series of winters led to the thames freezing over above london bridge , and this led to the first frost fair in 1607 , complete with a tent city set up on the river itself and offering a number of amusements , including ice bowling .
the inspiration for a family - friendly theme park came from disney ’s frustration with the cheap curbside amusements of los angeles .
it was intended as " a kind of thermometer , by which the genius , taste , literature , history , politics , arts , manners , amusements and improvements of the age and nation , may be ascertained . "
brighton pier ( or , the palace pier ) is home to many rides and other amusements such as fortune tellers and prize winning games .
popular amusements and entertainment .
he had no taste except for ornament and no serious interest except in amusements such as verse - making , hunting , and tournaments .
it was set to be the first outdoor nickelodeon universe theme park , but on november 9 , 2009 , nickelodeon announced that it had ended the licensing agreement with southern star amusements .
she returned to rome and resumed her amusements in the arts and sciences .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
in 1986 , the company became a subsidiary of the newly - reincorporated viacom inc. , after a takeover by national amusements .
this involved building the golden goose amusements in a large new modern building on the pier neck , the opening of the golden fry restaurant in the old tearooms , and the conversion of the pavilion into the dixieland showbar .
a funfair or simply fair ( e.g. , " county fair " , " state fair " ) is a small to medium sized traveling show primarily composed of stalls and other amusements .
although a majority economic interest in viacom was held by independent shareholders , the redstone family maintained 71-percent voting control of the company through national amusements ' holdings of viacom 's stock .
girondin described the purpose of his garden in a book called " on the composition of landscapes " : " if you wish to have true joy , you must always search for the simplest ways and find amusements which conform to nature , because those pleasures are the only ones that are true and lasting . "
the floor plan is in the shape of a t ; the stem of the t ( or front ) was used for assembly and services , while " amusements " were located in the ( rear ) section perpendicular to the chapel .
rides and games are operated by butler amusements .
wittingslow amusements .
some of the pubs in clifton are the " grey mare " , " fairham " and " the winning post " on farnborough road the " man of trent " on gotham lane , and " the peacock " and " sun valley amusements " ( also known as " jb 's " ) on green lane which is currently under threat of closure .
the set of friends with whom he chiefly associated at oxford — among them william ewart gladstone and henry manning — were sometimes named , on account of their exceptionally decorous conduct , the " bethel union " ; but he was by no means averse to amusements , and specially delighted in hurdle jumping and hunting .
the carnaval in santa rita is also a very celebrated party , in which many groups hold their own ways of amusements , like bloco do ride and bloco dos democraticos , which are traditional carnaval street amusers .
the amusement trades exhibition international ( atei ) is the major uk trade show for the coin - op and amusements trade .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
58 , of 12 april 1803 , where the journalist describes the amusements of the viennese after carnival and says : " the dominating games are whist , boston , ombre , tarots , and preference . "
these novelty forms of archery are generally regarded as amusements , and , as such , are not governed by organizationally - sanctioned rules .
the coney island amusements .
theatre arts are likely to have begun with pastor - friendly amusements typical for high schools early on .
as the name indicates , the show is produced in partnership with cbs as a result of the former ownership of both networks by viacom , ( though both companies are still owned by national amusements ) .
the kapiolani park association was chartered to create " a tract of land in the vicinity of honolulu as a place of public resort , " where " agricultural and stock exhibitions , and healthful exercise , recreations and amusements " could occur .
hotels and amusements were built to accommodate both the upper - classes and the working - class .
national amusements retains majority control of both cbs and the new viacom .
the amusements included toy tanks in a circle , caterpillar , bumper cars , helicopters , cars on a track , merry - go - round , boats in a small pond , and a small whip .
after another change of ownership , sumner redstone and redstone theaters purchased the building in 1967 opening it as showcase cinemas and continued operations as a multiscreen movie house until 1998 when redstone 's national amusements closed the theatre .
it gives younger children of the village the chance to ride on floats , compete in races and fancy dress competitions and of course enjoy the amusements and attractions , provided by the seghill treats committee .
the evidence is everywhere : the amusements of the city ; the jokes that pass for jokes ; the blare that stands for beauty , the folklore of broadway , the feeble and apologetic pulpits , the cruel standards of success , raucous purity .
the park had indoor and outdoor amusements .
the minister steward served the emperor exclusively , providing him with entertainment and amusements , proper food and clothing , medicine and physical care , valuables and equipment .
on december 2009 , rave acquired several theaters from national amusements which increased the number of rave theaters to 65 with approximately 1,000 screens in 20 states .
although the national health lottery scheme was based upon earlier localised lotteries designed to generate funds for health services , by becoming national in scope , the scheme contravened the lotteries and amusements act 1976 .
after it was opened on 8 may 1867 amusements were originally prohibited .
all kinds of games and amusements were allowed on this day ; masquerades were the most prominent among them , and everyone might , in his disguise , imitate whomsoever he liked , and even magistrates .
at the opposite end of the fair , near fort mason ( then an active naval station , now a center for non - profit organizations ) was the zone , an avenue of popular amusements and concessions stands .
to continue his jaded amusements , infidel created a homunculus , a claimed non - sentient humanoid form , in the image of ms. a. samaritan , concerned infidel had been kidnapping people out of time again , as well as their resemblance to real human beings , and their possible ability to have feelings and emotions , raised doubts about the morality of these activities .
idle amusements ” such as stage plays , gambling , revels , masques , cock - fighting , and bear - baiting .
the rocky beach , which has been designated as the clevedon shore geological site of special scientific interest , and the sedate nature of the amusements on offer meant that clevedon lost almost all of its residential holiday trade by the middle of the twentieth century , though it is still a popular resort for day - trippers .
livy gives due attention to the plundered wealth of statuary , gold and silver , but particular weight to the specialist chefs , flute girls , one - legged tables and other " dinner - party amusements " brought to rome from exotic galatia for the ( putative ) triumph of gnaeus manlius vulso in 187bce .
their main hangout is located near the amusements and deno 's wonder wheel .
an extension on iron supports along the south side of the island was opened in 1909 which allowed a larger area for the amusements .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
william fitzstephen ( d. about 1190 ) , in his biography of thomas becket , gives a graphic sketch of the london of his day and , writing of the summer amusements of the young men , says that on holidays they were " exercised in leaping , shooting , wrestling , casting of stones [ in jactu lapidum ] , and throwing of javelins fitted with loops for the purpose , which they strive to fling before the mark ; they also use bucklers , like fighting men . "
today the fair consists of rides and amusements located in the car park of the leisure centre .
amusements and pastimes .
mr. hopkins , a well - known resident of keat ’s lane , was a proprietor of amusements
wiseman was listed that year as the architect of two venues for penn amusements , including a modest brick theatre at 223 w 42nd street , and an " open - air moving picture show " on the southeast corner of 111th street and eight avenue .
electricity and astronomy were at one time among his favourite amusements .
broadway columnist walter winchell , in a march 12 , 1931 column , called out mortimer for having reported that winchell was changing newspapers , reporting that mortimer , " an up and coming youngster now editing amusements for donald flamm , goes a little gay with facts too , however , when he reports that i am shifting rags . "
continuing amusements about drinking .
also see the article “ talking to the dead and other amusements ” by paul zweig " new york times " october 5 , 1980 , which maintains that madame blavatsky 's revelations were fraudulent .
his boyhood , by his own account , was cheerlessly passed at a " lycée " in paris ; he was not harshly treated , but took no part in the amusements of his companions .
during the four days of the marriage various sports and amusements are arranged for the delectation of the guests .
