the same terminology is used for the classification of elements of sl2(r ) ( the 2-fold cover ) , and analogous classifications are used elsewhere .
if the genes of a gene family encode proteins , the term " protein family " is often used in an analogous manner to " gene family " .
parts of the libretto are considered analogous with the libretto for giovani pacini 's " adelaide e comingio " , and the final scene is based on the françois - thomas - marie de baculard d'arnaud play " les amants malheureux , ou le comte de comminges " .
the qof system is supervised and audited by nhs primary care trusts in england and the analogous bodies elsewhere in the uk ( health boards in scotland , regional boards in northern ireland , and local health boards in wales ) , who make the related payments .
the analogous argument to the base 10 case shows that this series converges .
analogous rules were established for contractual obligations by the rome convention of 1980 .
it is also hypothesized that during the last glacial maximum ( lgm ) , nadw was replaced with an analogous watermass that occupied a shallower depth known as glacial north atlantic intermediate water ( gnaiw ) .
the harlem river was the traditional rowing course for new york , analogous to the charles river in boston and the schuylkill river in philadelphia .
in western cultures , dōjin are often perceived to be derivative of existing work , analogous to fan fiction .
to counter this , he traveled to aquitar for a cure from their eternal falls ( analogous to the fountain of youth ) , and opted to remain there with cestria , a female aquitian with whom he had fallen in love .
this effect is analogous to an effective increase in concentration of the reagents .
it is roughly analogous to the mpaa or riaa in the us .
in his earliest forms , he appears to have been related to the etruscan deity turms , but most of his characteristics and mythology were borrowed from the analogous greek deity , hermes .
additionally there is a range of catenated silicon hydrides that form a homologous series of compounds , where " n " = 2 - 8 ( analogous to the alkanes ) .
the first subseries ( " ес эвм-1 " ) of the es evm , released in 1969 - 1978 , included the models 1010 , 1020 , 1030 , 1040 and 1050 , which were analogous to 360 and operated at 10 - 450 kips , and the more rare and advanced versions , incompatible with the ibm versions : 1022 , 1032 , 1033 and 1052 .
this meme was crudely dubbed " taco judah " , and was analogous to the " raptor jesus " meme which was popularized late in the decade .
grades from administrative assistant upwards have comparative / analogous grading on professional and technical scales and also scientific scales .
like his predecessor in the old south antrim constituency ( james molyneaux ) , forsythe opposed the good friday agreement and supported proposals for a northern ireland - wide administrative assembly / regional council ( with powers broadly analogous to the national assembly for wales ) to administer legislation and public services currently administered by northern ireland office ministers , civil servants and quangos of government - appointed yes - men .
bringing gravity into play , and assuming the universality of free fall , an analogous reasoning as in the previous section applies : there are no global inertial frames .
the reals and the " p "- adic numbers are the completions of the rationals ; it is also possible to complete other fields , for instance general algebraic number fields , in an analogous way .
its function is to help transport oxygen to the respiring symbiotic bacterial cells in a manner analogous to hemoglobin transporting oxygen to respiring tissues in animals ( ludwig and de vries 1986 ) .
on tjugondag jul , there was a tradition analogous to modern santa claus , where a man dressed a goat ( " nuuttipukki " ) would visit houses .
hand span is analogous to the eye – voice span in reading language aloud and in singing .
this is analogous to the corresponding theorem in statistics for the moments of a gaussian distribution .
an analogous penalty , interdict , arose as a form of excommunication of a whole area , barring celebration of the sacraments in a town or region .
the analogous oso4 is more widely used and better known .
when thus reflecting i feel compelled to look to a first cause having an intelligent mind in some degree analogous to that of man ; and i deserve to be called a theist . "
another type of fastening commonly found in construction is the strap fastening which is roughly analogous to the large head clout nail .
a popular residential part of the city is its south side , comprising a number of areas including st leonards , marchmont , newington , sciennes , the grange , edinburgh " south side " is broadly analogous to the area covered by the burgh muir , and grew in popularity as a residential area following the opening of the south bridge .
they are analogous to human shoes and are most common in sled dog races .
critics of full preterism point to the apostle paul 's condemnation of the doctrine of hymenaeus and philetus ( ) , which they regard as analogous to full preterism .
a leo satellite constellation can also provide more system capacity by frequency reuse across its coverage , with spot beam frequency use being analogous to the frequency reuse of cellular radio towers .
this is analogous to throwing a ball and measuring the distance it has covered so as to determine how hard it was thrown .
in the basicode format , the recording of programs is analogous to the recording of data .
in abstract algebra , a residuated lattice is an algebraic structure that is simultaneously a lattice " x " ≤ " y " and a monoid " x"•"y " which admits operations " x"\"z " and " z"/"y " loosely analogous to division or implication when " x"•"y " is viewed as multiplication or conjunction respectively .
from the point of view of de rham cohomology , one can take differential forms representing the characteristic classes , take a wedge product so that one obtains a top dimensional form , then integrates over the manifold ; this is analogous to taking the product in cohomology and pairing with the fundamental class .
walter burkert ( 1985 ) writes , " this points to guilds of smiths analogous to the lemnian hephaistos .
the baron who had been enfeoffed by his sovereign on these terms could provide the knights required either by hiring them for pay or , more conveniently when wealth was mainly represented by land , by a process of subenfeoffment , analogous to that by which he himself had been enfeoffed .
the existence of an analogous female gaze arises when the " male gaze " is considered .
for the analogous jewish practice of writing arabic in hebrew letters , see judaeo - arabic languages .
the zona limitans intrathalamica ( zli ) is a lineage - restriction compartment and primary developmental boundary in the vertebrate forebrain ( which is analogous to the human cerebrum ) that serves as a signaling center and a restrictive border between the thalamus ( also known as the dorsal thalamus ) and the prethalamus ( ventral thalamus ) .
analogous to simultaneous chess , this way of playing the game is referred to as simultaneous bughouse .
value of the " e " and " c " parameters can be found in drago " et al . " hancock and martell found that an e and c equation analogous to that of drago gave an excellent quantitative prediction of formation constants for complexes of 34 metal ions plus the proton with a wide range of unidentate lewis acids in aqueous solution , and also offered insights into factors governing hsab behavior in solution
therefore , it is more analogous to a physical crime scene investigation than the physical forensic processes .
( there also exists an analogous transform , the mdst , based on the discrete sine transform , as well as other , rarely used , forms of the mdct based on different types of dct or dct / dst combinations . )
however there are southern varieties which differentiate between a fortis ( such as in sträflich from middle high german stræflich ) and a lenis ( , such as in höflich from middle high german hovelîch ) ; this is analogous to the opposition of fortis ( ) and lenis .
a matrix equation with an upper triangular matrix u can be solved in an analogous way , only working backwards .
after the warsaw society was disbanded in 1832 , organizations in other cities began using analogous names , e.g. , the poznań society of friends of learning .
however , most conservatives were deeply suspicious of the lnu ’s support for pacifism and disarmament – an analogous position to the opinions held by conservatives in the 1980s in respect of the campaign for nuclear disarmament .
using this knowledge allowed rca to develop a system in which they discarded most of the blue signal after it comes from the camera , keeping most of the green and only some of the red ; this is chroma subsampling in the yiq color space , and is roughly analogous to 4:2:1 subsampling , in that it has decreasing resolution for luma , yellow / green , and red / blue .
in contrast , tilly imposed analogous measures in the same year on a territory he had just conquered , hersfeld .
if one were to accept a defensive function for ringforts , it would seem that after the introduction of more complex forms of defensive structures into ireland this would naturally lead to the use of ringforts and raised raths in a manner analogous to the contemporary norman buildings .
altogether , a layout with two families and four subfamilies ( option 1 ) or an analogous one with two subfamilies and four tribes ( option 2 ) seems to represent the phylogeny of these birds best ; a three - lineage approach ( option 3 ) might be warranted if some other families are also part of the formicariidae - rhinocryptidae clade .
and rav ashi taught that the principle of pecuniary compensation could be derived from the analogous use of the term “ for ” in in the expression “
analogous definitions can be given for diffeomorphisms in place of vector fields and flows : in this setting , the homeomorphism " h " must be a topological conjugacy .
although the concept of a running - mate is relatively specific to the united states , analogous patterns could be found in other countries .
analogous to a superconducting tunnel detector .
in this respect , itsm can be seen as analogous to an enterprise resource planning ( erp ) discipline for it - although its historical roots in it operations may limit its applicability across other major it activities , such as it portfolio management and software engineering .
the scientific data type layer allows data to be manipulated in coordinate space , analogous to the open geospatial consortium specifications .
mitochondrial dna , maternally inherited , is used in an analogous way to trace the maternal line .
it is analogous to a pair of tuning forks with similar frequencies ( pitches ) , connected together mechanically with a sounding board ; there is a strong coupling that results in the resonant frequencies getting " dragged down " in pitch .
they are analogous to the costs incurred in the foreclosure of the first mortgage , which have the same priority as the mortgage itself over subsequent encumbrances .
( this position is analogous to the position taken by canadian universities that the m.d. and d.d.s. degrees are considered second entry programs and not graduate programs . )
the specific claim that its true aim was to expand nafta into a north american union analogous to the european union ( eu ) , with open borders and a common currency among other features , was being made by the fall of 2006 , when conservative commentators phyllis schlafly , jerome corsi and howard phillips started a website dedicated to quashing what they perceived as the coming north american " socialist mega - state . "
a buddhist chant is a form of musical verse or incantation , in some ways analogous to hindu , christian or jewish religious recitations .
analogous to instant mashed potatoes are instant poi made from taro and instant fufu made from yams or yam substitutes including cereals .
their coordination and control is done through a " strategic command matrix " , analogous to a nuclear control network of the type used by the united states .
it is somewhat analogous to weapons systems that require two individuals to turn two different keys in order to enable the system .
the principal differences between perry and cider are that pears must be left for a critical period to mature after picking , and the pomace must be left to stand after initial crushing to lose tannins , a process analogous to wine maceration .
kant preferred to create arrangements in symmetrical , analogous tables or lists .
the kab-500l is analogous to the u.s. paveway series : it is a standard fab-500 general - purpose bomb , which has a nominal weight of 500 kg ( 1,102 lb ) , fitted with a semi - active laser seeker and guidance fins , turning it into a guided , unpowered glide bomb .
causation goes both ways , from k to r and from r to k. this problem is sometimes seen as analogous to the sonnenshein - mantel - debreu results ( e.g. , by mas - colell 1989 ) in general equilibrium theory , which show that representative agent models can not be theoretically justified , except under restrictive conditions ( see kirman , 1992 for an explanation of the sonnenshein - mantel - debreu results as an aggregation problem ) .
each expression varies depending on the model used for the dipole , i.e. a current loop or two monopoles ( analogous to the electric dipole ) .
the acidic conditions ( excess acetic acid ) prevents formation of hypoiodite ( analogous to hypochlorite ) , which would interfere with the reaction .
jews and gentiles are seen as completely equal before god , as " one new man " in their belief in yeshua , but this union is not a homogenization but more analogous to the union of husband and wife in marriage , where differentiation is preserved even within unity .
in a strictly political sense , born out of the struggles against colonialism and the war on terror , islamic resistance movements can be seen to be analogous to other resistance movements , such as latin american struggles against us " imperialism " .
this compound is analogous in many ways to the more familiar molybdenum pentachloride .
in this work is a section " samoan custom : analogous to those of the israelites " , where he wrote about cultural similarities including the importance of the number 7 , embalming , natural eloquence , rod or staff of office , heads cut off in war , the use of slings and stones in war , possessions by evil spirits , the ' near sacred ' relationships between brothers and sisters , calling the name of the chief who is to drink during ceremony , the giving of names and circumcision .
if analogous parameters on the same line in the table are given numerically equal values , the behavior of the oscillators will be the same .
both the template macros and the markup macros can be overridden by the user , and can be applied via external files analogous to html style sheets .
it is a basic result of matroid theory , directly analogous to a similar theorem of linear algebra , that any two bases of a matroid " m " have the same number of elements .
nectas are analogous to core based statistical areas ( cbsas ) and are similarly classified as either metropolitan nectas ( corresponding to metropolitan statistical areas ) or micropolitan nectas ( corresponding to micropolitan statistical areas ) .
these organs extract oxygen from the air , analogous to the vertebrate lungs .
its business model is to provide pay - for - service radio , analogous to the business model for premium cable television , in which music channels are free of commercials .
in newtonian mechanics , many of the quantities in linear motion and rotational motion are analogous , in that they act the same way in many equations .
according to the psychic pain hypothesis , depression is analogous to physical pain in that it informs the sufferer that current circumstances , such as the loss of a friend , are imposing a threat to biological fitness , it motivates the sufferer to cease activities that led to the costly situation , if possible , and it causes him or her to learn to avoid similar circumstances in the future .
this is analogous to practice in other sciences : a zoologist studies the animal kingdom without making subjective judgments on whether a particular animal is better or worse than another .
the vanadate ion , is present in dilute solutions at high ph. on acidification , h and are formed , analogous to hp and .
in contrast , materials produced by organisms have properties that usually surpass those of analogous synthetically manufactured materials with similar phase composition .
edward dowden notes that the marigold was most commonly mentioned in renaissance literature as a heliotrope , with the various symbolic associations connected to that type of plant ; william james rolfe finds an analogous reference to the plant in george wither 's poetry .
the analogous " transjordan " has historically been used to designate the region now comprising the state of jordan which lies on the " other side " of the river jordan .
the genomic organisation of hmpv is analogous to rsv , however hmpv lacks the non - structural genes , ns1 and ns2 , and the hmpv antisense rna genome contains eight open reading frames in slightly different gene order than rsv ( viz .
his situation is partially analogous to the situation of the main character in " the tale of kiều " .
the misorientation distribution ( md ) is analogous to the odf used in characterizing texture .
there are several evolutionary alternatives to mammillary bone ; though they have some similar functions , they are not completely functionally analogous to bone .
analogous to today 's s - class , the type 300 cars were elegant , powerful , exclusive , and expensive .
the two locational systems are analogous to radial ( and ) and cartesian ( axy ) systems .
the piriform juglet makes its appearance in this period , but whether it has any connection with the later , middle bronze ii vessels of analogous form is unclear .
some commentators have also seen the song as a metaphor for heroin use , citing the opening countdown as analogous to the drug 's passage down the needle prior to the euphoric ' hit ' , and noting bowie 's admission of a " silly flirtation with smack " in 1968 .
there were also attached to the college thirty - four " proctors " , whose duties were analogous to those of solicitors .
goliath has been taunting the israelites for forty days , which is analogous to israel 's wilderness experience during the exodus of forty years prior to joshua 's conquest and deliverance , ( see ) making david a type of new joshua who would deliver the israelites .
in blake 's mythology he is analogous to " the accuser of sin " , the spectre , and urizen .
its powers were analogous to that of secretary of the treasury or the prime minister of many british commonwealth countries .
in psychology , the soft insides are analogous to the subconscious , as the shell is the conscious .
as mentioned in joshua 10:43 , this text is analogous to the 144,000 from the twelve tribes of israel .
the sorcerer , cipolla , is analogous to the fascist dictators of the era with their fiery speeches and rhetoric .
the geography of bretonnia is analogous to that of france , as its political division into duchies .
l4 has , so far , concentrated almost solely on the kernel itself ; there is nothing analogous to spring 's naming service , security model or file system .
an analogous statement holds also for skew - symmetric , hermitian and skew - hermitian bilinear forms over arbitrary fields .
in the area of web application frameworks , jboss and bea weblogic are somewhat analogous to gemstone .
this is a physically logical proposition , since when a party sets their input it is physically analogous to making a measurement , which should effectively provide a result immediately .
there is an analogous definition of quadrature domains in euclidean space of dimension " d " larger than 2 .
whatever is in any sort terrible , or is conversant about terrible objects , or operates in a manner analogous to terror . "
the sun is made of plasma rather than ordinary gas , so it supports several types of waves analogous to sound waves in air .
this result is directly analogous to one by andrey kolmogorov for hardy functions in the disc .
this means that fields are not strictly analogous to classes , and are often autonomous , independent spaces of social play .
tambalacoque is analogous to peach .
specifically , a function between measurable spaces is said to be measurable if the preimage of each measurable set is measurable , analogous to the situation of continuous functions between topological spaces .
in addition to touring historical sites , attending olympic events , and socializing with host families and assigned chinese student liaisons , the four fellows also gave a public panel discussion at peking university analogous to those hosted by imuse in north america .
crocodilians actually have a muscular diaphragm that is analogous to the mammalian diaphragm .
edls are analogous to the double layer in plasma .
now ¬("x"\¬"z " ) is reminiscent of de morgan duality , suggesting that " x"\ be thought of as a unary operation " f " , defined by " f"(y ) = " x"\"y " , that has a de morgan dual ¬"f"(¬"y " ) , analogous to ∀"x"φ("x " ) = ¬∃"x"¬φ("x " ) .
the mpeg-2 program stream is analogous and similar to iso / iec 11172 systems layer and it is forward compatible .
the analogous concept required is the biomass activity , that is , the thermodynamic thrust , which may be linear .
analogous to pearson 's r , the squared factor loading is the percent of variance in that indicator variable explained by the factor .
the first world , analogous in this context to what was called " the west " , was composed of nato members and other countries aligned with the united states .
in contrast , skeletal , cardiac , and smooth muscle isoforms are localized to the z - disc and analogous dense bodies , where they help anchor the myofibrillar actin filaments .
sometimes such enzyme metal preferences vary among closely related species : for example , the reverse transcriptase enzyme of lentiviruses like hiv , siv and fiv is typically dependent on mg2 + , whereas the analogous enzyme for other retroviruses prefers mn2 + .
and the relationship of the individuals involved is exactly analogous to the situation in a certain form of the prisoner 's dilemma .
the metra electric line is chicago 's oldest continuing commuter train ( 1856 ) , and shares the railway with the south shore line , operated by the northwest indiana commuter transit district ( " nictd " ) , which is a separate but analogous quasi - governmental entity from the rta .
these are analogous to the instructions da capo and dal segno .
the taxpayer deserves a tax - free " recovery " of the cost of acquiring a capital asset , because this cost is analogous to a " business expense " used to acquire income .
it should also be noted that the theory of the reynolds stress is quite analogous to the kinetic theory of gases , and indeed the stress tensor in a fluid at a point may be seen to be the ensemble average of the stress due to the thermal velocities of molecules at a given point in a fluid .
fred hoyle 's classic novel " the black cloud " features a life form consisting of a vast cloud of interstellar dust , the individual particles of which interact via electromagnetic signalling analogous to how the individual cells of multicellular terrestrial life interact .
these " twin pillars " as they are shown in tarot decks are analogous to valiente 's depiction of the god and the goddess as the two " mystical pillars . "
the analogous role in the israeli army is " squad sniper . "
these coverings have been considered as a realistic model for the growth of quasicrystals : the overlapping decagons are ' quasi - unit cells ' analogous to the unit cells from which crystals are constructed , and the matching rules maximize the density of certain atomic clusters .
it is analogous to the conventional laser , but in a spaser photons are replaced by surface plasmons and the resonant cavity is replaced by a nanoparticle , which supports the plasmonic modes .
electron flow in the electrical network represented the flow of material ( e.g. carbon ) in the ecosystem , charge in a capacitor was analogous to storage of a material , and the model was scaled to the ecosystem of interest by adjusting the size of electrical component .
this is analogous to how a java " hello world " program is compiled and run .
the plasmodium eventually transforms into a sponge - like aethalium , analogous to the spore - bearing fruiting body of a mushroom ; which then degrades , darkening in color , and releases its dark - colored spores .
the result is the characteristic periodic arrangement of light and dark bands of local intensity maxima and minima — analogous known to the diffraction pattern of the x - rays reflected from crystalline planes .
according to the theosophical founder william q. judge the astral world is also analogous to the world of ghosts .
over the millennia the population of the world has grown and all available land surface has been covered with a single city , divided into areas called " metropolises " that are analogous to nations .
his lifetime of physics research spans other aspects of acoustics as well , include the contributions to the understanding of acoustic radiation pressure , which has applications to acoustic levitation and other devices which exploit macrosonic phenomena and acoustic streaming , as well as to several other fields of physics ( with example references shown here ) , including general relativity , ( primarily in the area of gravitational waves ) , including gravitational phenomena analogous to the parametric array , cosmology , low temperature physics the physics of sound in liquid helium , and high energy particle physics ( primarily in the area of cosmic ray particle detectors ) .
golf instead considers the grand slam , deemed to be the four most difficult contests in professional golf , to be analogous to perfection ; since 1934 , when the masters was added as a major , no player has won all four in one year .
perimycin a has an aromatic group in this position , whereas the identities of the analogous groups in the other perimycin types are currently undetermined .
there are representations of a lie superalgebra that are analogous to representations of a lie algebra .
a number of " keys " appeared soon thereafter , analogous to contemporary services like cliffsnotes or spark notes . "
a study by allendorf et al . clearly demonstrated that oral beta glucan had hematopoietic effects analogous to beta glucan administered by i.v .
this is analogous to the function of pipes on unix systems .
the device gathers energy from the beta - particles that pass through a silicon diode , in a manner analogous to photovoltaic cells .
averroes held that the passive intellect , being analogous to unformed matter , is a single substance common to all minds , and that the differences between individual minds are rooted in their phantasms as the product of the differences in the history of their sense perceptions .
this is analogous to ferromagnetism , in that , in the absence of an electric field during production , the ferroelectric crystal does not exhibit a polarization .
spin ices are materials consisting of tetrahedra of ions , each of which has a non - zero spin , which must satisfy some two - in , two - out rule analogous to water ice because of the interactions between neighbouring ions .
there is a geometrical version of triality , analogous to duality in projective geometry .
a system of subtractive color does not have a simple chromaticity gamut analogous to the rgb color triangle , but a gamut that must be described in three dimensions .
a rasp or random access stored program machine begins as a counter machine with its " program of instruction " placed in its " registers " . analogous to , but independent of , the finite state machine 's " instruction register " , at least one of the registers ( nicknamed the " program counter " ( pc ) ) and one or more " temporary " registers maintain a record of , and operate on , the current instruction 's number .
analogous to making a " supervisor call " to the ( same level ) operating system .
time travel is the concept of moving between different points in time in a manner analogous to moving between different points in space , either sending objects ( or in some cases just information ) backwards in time to some moment before the present , or sending objects forward from the present to the future without the need to experience the intervening period ( at least not at the normal rate ) .
similar cartridges were identified as the.25 hi - power.25 whelen ( analogous to.35 whelen ) , or.25 - 100 - 3000 ( to indicate the ability to achieve 3000 feet per second with a 100 grain bullet rather than the 87 grain bullet used in the.250 - 3000 savage ) .
moreover , using results from the calculus of variations analogous to the lax - milgram theorem , one can show that a minimizer exists in formula_8 .
the latin term , apparently a variant on " maxima " , is not to be found in roman law with any meaning exactly analogous to that of a legal maxim in the medieval or modern sense of the word , but the treatises of many of the roman jurists on " regular definitiones " , and " sententiae juris " are , in some measure , collections of maxims .
an analogous modern example of extrinsic versus intrinsic changes is the difference between a physical and chemical reaction .
reluctance is the measure of the opposition to magnetic flux , analogous to electric resistance .
this " loop of units " in an alternative ring or algebra is analogous to the group of units in an associative ring or algebra .
the title is a filipino slang word analogous to the english slang term " hot chick " .
these are analogous to unix system calls .
with an emphasis on fish and lentils served with rice as a staple diet , bengali cuisine is known for its subtle flavours , its confectioneries and desserts , and has perhaps the only multi - course tradition from india that is analogous with the likes of french and italian cuisine in structure .
wwtw is a network of interconnected voicesites ( analogous to web sites ) that are voice driven applications " created by " users themselves and " hosted " in the telecom network .
therefore it can be used in analogous way to the english present perfect tense ( i.e.,ana aakel انا آكل meaning " i have eaten " , " i have just eaten " or " i have already eaten " ) .
the solution and the discussion of this puzzle can be found ( also a solution to the analogous 7-hat puzzle ) and other 3 variants are available on this page ( they are called masters of logic i - iv ) .
the sequential stages of hsv entry are analogous to those of other viruses .
unlike the stigmergic communication used in aco , in sds agents communicate hypotheses via a one - to - one communication strategy analogous to the tandem running procedure observed in some species of ant .
this is analogous to the way time is shown on a 24-hour clock : during the first hour of a day , the time elapsed is 0 hours , formula_1 minutes .
the scientists have found that all of the martians have died of chickenpox ( brought by one of the first three expeditions ) — analogous to the devastation of native american populations by smallpox .
it is not an integral in the lebesgue sense ; it is called integration because it has analogous properties and since it is used in physics as a sum over histories for fermions , an extension of the path integral .
white noise is considered analogous to white light which contains all frequencies .
analogous to the above reactions , the glucose produced can then undergo glycolysis in tissues that need energy , be stored as glycogen ( or starch in plants ) , or be converted to other monosaccharides or joined into di- or oligosaccharides .
most notably , the rewriting equips the predicate with two additional arguments , which can be used to implicitly thread state around , analogous to monads in other languages .
third , adjectives were declined to reflect the number and case of the nouns they modified ; this is called " agreement " , and is analogous to conjugation of verbs in modern english ( consider the difference between " i read " and " he reads " ; here , " read " has changed form to agree with its subject ) .
predictors are called " gskew " predictors , and are analogous to
yields analogous formulae for the new generalized momenta formula_35 in terms of the old canonical coordinates formula_49 .
expert judgment collection , analogous estimating , parametric estimating , three point estimating , reserve analysis
the secretariat of public education ( ) is the governmental department responsible for education and culture in mexico and is headed by the secretary of public education , a cabinet position analogous to the education ministers of other nations .
analogous procedures exist in other jurisdictions .
the overline notation can indicate a complex conjugate and analogous operations .
the main line continues 4.nc3 exf4 5.nf3 bd6 6.d4 ne7 7.dxc6 nbxc6 , giving positions analogous to the modern variation of the gambit accepted .
furthermore , the fact that the wing is designed to bend and flex in the wind provides favorable dynamics analogous to a spring suspension .
the reaction is believed to proceed via six - membered , titanium - bound transition states , analogous to the proposed transition states for the evans auxiliary .
according to mallery ; hurwitz & duffy ( 1992 ) the notion of a paradigm - centered scientific community is analogous to gadamer 's notion of a linguistically encoded social tradition .
synthetic attachments , analogous to ghillie - suit attachments , are sometimes used to break up shape .
the sail is possibly analogous ( not homologous ) to that of the permian synapsid " dimetrodon " , which lived before the dinosaurs even appeared ; these similarities are due to parallel evolution .
there are known examples of continuous spatial automata which exhibit propagating phenomena analogous to gliders in the game of life .
although he is true throughout to islam , iqbal recognises also the positive analogous aspects of other religions .
likewise , there is no analogous expression for the vibrational level energies for this region and more sophisticated approximations must be employed .
similar arrangements exist among the member states of aripo and oapi , the analogous treaties among african countries , and the nine cis member states that have formed the eurasian patent organization .
the office of president of pennsylvania was analogous to the modern position of governor .
the other is the " 49 " game ( named " atlantic 49 " , " quebec 49 " , " ontario 49 " , " western 649 " or " bc 49 " depending on the region ) , which works in analogous fashion to the lotto 6/49 but with a fixed jackpot of $ 1,000,000 ( $ 2,000,000 in bc 49 and quebec 49 ) .
it is analogous to the federal secretary of veterans affairs or the minister of veterans affairs of canada .
nevertheless , there is no doubt that rival views " were " rejected because they were seen as ' bourgeois ' or ' fascist ' , and analogous ' non - bourgeois ' theories also flourished in other fields in the soviet academy at this time ( see japhetic theory ; socialist realism ) .
the situation would be analogous to drawing a ball out of a barrel of balls , 99% of which are red .
( dutch lost its original " thou " form , " du " , just like english did ; the forms " u " , " jij " , and " jullie " are more analogous to english " you " , " ye " , and " y' all " respectively ) .
his motive is made explicit , in that providing a dowry to cenerentola would cut into what he can give to his own daughters an analogous male figure may also appear as a wicked uncle ; like the stepmother , the father 's brother may covet the child 's inheritance for his own children , and so maltreat his nephews or nieces .
it is analogous to the neurotoxins found in the venoms of several other rattlesnake species and , when present , contributes significantly to the overall toxicity .
this is analogous to the distinction between consumer durables and non - durables .
despite his removal as head of the people 's commissariat of war , pogány remained a member of governing revolutionary national council , in which he seems to have maintained an ultra - radical position against a negotiated truce with romania and in favor of an all - or - nothing gamble on the policy of uncompromising revolutionary war — a position roughly analogous to that espoused in 1918 by the " left communists " in soviet russia .
emirs are usually considered high - ranking sheikhs , but in monarchical states the term is also used for princes , with " emirate " being analogous to principality in this sense .
as the hair is considered to be a body part and is analogous to blood , any hair donations are not tax deductible according to irs guidelines but financial donations are deductible .
in gnostic tradition , " sophia " is a feminine figure , analogous to the human soul but also simultaneously one of the feminine aspects of god .
the movements are directed through servo engines , which were originally designed for analogous direction , however , even 8 of these servos can be directed by a microcontroller .
tea may also be decaffeinated , usually by using processes analogous to the direct method or the co2 process as described above .
the analogous formulas for the backward and central difference operators are
italian names are not entirely equivalent to ancient latin ones , for instance , the italian " nome " is not analogous to the ancient roman " nomen " , since the former is the given name ( distinct between siblings ) while the latter the family name ( inherited , thus shared by all siblings ) .
a " bourdon " or knobbed staff is shown behind the arms of some priors and prioresses as a symbol of office analogous to the crosier .
as stated in the introduction , the weather used in the book is analogous to the meteorologic experiences of the characters in the book .
the plural is used for " games " in a sense analogous to the greek festivals of games , such as the panhellenic games .
the abayudaya are analogous to children of israel and are a baganda community in eastern uganda near the town of mbale who practice judaism .
this is analogous in signal processing to understanding a filter by its impulse response .
einstein saw quantum mechanics as analogous to statistical mechanics , and the wavefunction as just a peculiar statistical device for observers who are ignorant of the values of the hidden variables underneath .
in 2 + 1 dimensions , where the exponent is zero , the analogous solution starts with 2 + 1 de sitter space , cuts out a wedge , and pastes the two sides of the wedge together to make a conical space .
analogous concept in the united states .
both acts include analogous schemes of drug scheduling , along with similar procedures for adding , removing , and transferring drugs among the schedules .
each of these was divided into wapentakes , analogous to hundreds .
in other words , we can use them in an analogous way as arrays are used in programming .
all brain waves are analogous to different types of trance in that they utilise brain and consciousness resources differently and provide different input and information filters .
there is an analogous form of the grashof number used in cases of natural convection mass transfer problems .
the name came about because in magnetic circuits it plays a role analogous to the role electromotive force ( voltage ) plays in electric circuits .
on the other hand , large regions of the western hemisphere are taken up by dark geologic units thought to be surface basalts , perhaps analogous to the lunar maria .
analogous structures .
in italy , gelato with a white base and chocolate shavings is also called stracciatella or stracciatella ice , somewhat analogous to chocolate chip ice cream in north america .
within the universe of b5 the story of the tv series has an analogous position with that filled by lord of the rings in the context of " tolkien 's legendarium : " it is a transitional step between two eras , describing what can possibly be viewed as a " childhood 's end",the maturing process of a younger race and its struggle to gain freedom of its predecessors .
in an analogous manner , the role of mental states , such as belief and desire , is determined by the functional or causal role that is designated for them within our best " scientific " psychological theory .
at least with one spatial dimension , but the higher dimensional cases are analogous .
there is an analogous definition using injective resolutions and cochain complexes .
an analogous approach is to use mass spectrometry to monitor the incorporation or release of stable isotopes as substrate is converted into product .
it is analogous to channel 16 on the marine vhf band .
these invariances in serial music are analogous to the use of common - tones and common - chords in tonal music .
it is analogous to the criminal equivalent , the statement against penal interest which is a statement that puts the person making the statement at risk of prosecution .
analogous concepts .
conservation of protein structures is indicated by the presence of functionally equivalent , though not necessarily identical , amino acid residues and structures between analogous parts of proteins .
there is an upper limit to the mass of a neutron - degenerate object , the tolman - oppenheimer - volkoff limit , which is analogous to the chandrasekhar limit for electron - degenerate objects .
there have been theoretical investigations of the analogous compound obtained by substituting amino groups ( -nh2 ) for the the hydoxyl ( oh ) groups to yield 1,2-diamino-3-cyclobutenedione , and of a compound consisting of two squarate rings bridged by ( -nh- ) bonds to form bis(3-cyclobutene-1,2-dione)piperazine .
some theorize that this system was created in order to prevent absolutism , and is paralleled by the analogous instance of the dual consuls at rome .
the senior executive service ( ses ) is a paygrade in the civil service of the united states federal government , somewhat analogous to the ranks of general or admiral in the u.s. armed forces .
conceptually , hsm is analogous to the cache found in most computer cpus , where small amounts of expensive sram memory running at very high speeds is used to store frequently used data , but the least recently used data is evicted to the slower but much larger main dram memory when new data has to be loaded .
these can be analogous to a thermometer and thermostat for temperature control .
arrays such as this appear to be analogous to their atomic or molecular counterparts with proper scaling considerations .
a dry hydrant is analogous to a standpipe .
the operating software was written in assembler and a slightly higher level language called gin , roughly analogous to the commercial icl language plan .
the meissel - mertens constant is analogous to the euler - mascheroni constant , but the harmonic series sum in its definition is only over the primes rather than over all integers and the logarithm is taken twice , not just once .
the nahm equations are formally analogous to the algebraic equations in the adhm construction of instantons , where finite order matrices are replaced by differential operators .
the differences between cpo - stv and traditional stv are analogous to those between condorcet 's method and instant run - off voting .
that is completely analogous to their ungraded counterparts .
this is intended to ensure that the result is representative of the will of the electorate and is analogous to the quorum required in a committee or legislature .
