several teams of scientists have analyzed the polar wander path to study continental drift .
moreover , they yield benefits naturally which are harvested by humans , those being nature 's services , 17 of which were closely analyzed by robert costanza .
in 2001 images of ncs from " shigella flexneri " were digitally analyzed and averaged to obtain a first semi-3d structure of the nc .
he analyzed pba events for espn during the 1998 season .
the learners ' appropriation of coffee tools is analyzed in
on 10 january 1938 , " life magazine " published in the united states a group of pictures titled " the camera overseas : the japanese conqueror brings a week of hell to china . " ( the pictures are analyzed in the " analysis of photographic evidence " section below )
the next issue analyzed is the importance of adaptation , what he claims is the ippc ’s most serious flaw regarding the impact of global warming , as there is a " systematic underestimation of the benefits of adaptation " and " the most cost - effective way of addressing the likely consequences " as opposed to reducing co2 emissions .
the behaviour of numerical methods on stiff problems can be analyzed by applying these methods to the test equation formula_19 with formula_10 .
the ‘ style’ tool analyzed the writing style of a given text .
in 1853 , the german structural chemist , wilhelm heinrich heintz , analyzed margaric acid as simply a combination of stearic acid and of the previously unknown palmitic acid .
.he published a detailed study on " hamadryas " butterflies that analyzed their use of trees as territories and the why and how of sound production .
for ‘ implementation strategy’ to achieve level a , ‘ valuating aspects’ needs to be analyzed first .
play is analyzed by annotating matches and players for tactics and techniques using a technique called notational analysis .
in translation work , fuzzy concepts are analyzed for the purpose of good translation .
hirano was singled out as one of the subjects of a study in the year 2000 by the anti - pornography-&-prostitution research group of japan ( app ) where " violent porno videos " made by " popular porno video directors such as baksheesh yamashita and katsuyuki hirano " were analyzed and reported on .
this tool has been used for the linear search problem , i.e. , finding a target on the infinite line , which has attracted much attention over several decades and has been analyzed as a search game .
the possible mechanisms of this synchrony were analyzed by peter turchin and tom hall ( turchin , peter and thomas d. hall .
mijolla was analyzed by conrad stein and denise brauschweig .
subsequently , the functionality of the different cells was analyzed carefully .
since ancient times , astrology considered and analyzed the position of the persons concerning a situation with the symbols of the celestial objects and constellations .
within the park limits , insect species are being collected and analyzed .
tim taylor at the university of minnesota has analyzed prop 13 as part of a problem of " generational justice " and a pattern of specifically providing tax breaks and benefits to one generational cohort - and tax increases and reduction in services to another generational cohort .
during the war parsons conducted a special study group at harvard , which analyzed the causes of nazism and where leading experts on the topic participated .
the " shreveport times " and its sister publication , the former " monroe morning world " ( now " monroe news star " ) , analyzed the gubernatorial returns and concluded that edwards received 202,055 black votes to only 10,709 for treen .
are analyzed differently by leibowitz , laloy , van appledorn , and christ .
vitoria also analyzed whether there were legitimate claims of title over discovered lands .
when examined genetic diversity and population structure in the american landmass using autosomal ( atdna ) micro - satellite markers genotyped ; sampled from north , central , and south america , analyzed against similar data available from other indigenous populations worldwide .
fractionated glycans from hplc instruments can be further analyzed by maldi - tof - ms(ms ) to get further informations about structure and purity .
the endgame was analyzed by a. a. troitzky .
this allows even very complex optical systems to be analyzed mathematically or simulated by computer .
in this ethnography , wulff analyzed the culture and the social organization in dance companies and traced transnational connections between them .
outsell ’s report analyzed the company size , growth rate , financial performance , and market share of the sector ’s top 20 companies .
for the study exponent purchased six toyota and lexus vehicles which were analyzed by " engineers and technicians specializing in mechanical , electrical , and automotive engineering . "
hadot identified and analyzed the " spiritual exercises " used in ancient philosophy ( preceding michel foucault 's interest for such practices in the second and third volumes of his " history of sexuality " ) .
cases like " that idiot of a doctor " have been analyzed as a transformation from an underlying structure where " a doctor " is the subject and " idiot " is the predicate .
community members reported their spam to blue security , which analyzed it to make sure it met their guidelines , then reported sites sending illegal spam to the isps which hosted them ( if it could be found , contacted and were willing to work with them ) , to other anti - spam groups and to law - enforcement authorities in an attempt to get the spammer to cease and desist .
the information is then collated and downloaded on to a cd or dvd , which is analyzed on a computer by an accredited individual .
this process took such an extensive period of time due to the fact that there were 10 months where the company studied , analyzed and compared various types of planes that would meet all the requirements needed to fly through the difficult routes that the company offers .
a social norm is analyzed as a rule for choosing in a mixed - motive game , such as the prisoner 's dilemma , that members of a population prefer to follow on condition that they expect sufficiently many in the population to follow the rule .
serendipity plays a role here , because the collected and analyzed information may meet any or all of these criteria .
the pacific forum has analyzed and led dialogue on asia - pacific political , security , and economic / business issues since 1975 .
as late as 2001 , mark norell and colleagues analyzed a large survey of coelurosaur fossils and produced the tentative result that dromaeosaurids were most closely related to birds , with troodontids as a more distant outgroup .
this includes the fact that billy was once analyzed by joyce brothers , psychologist and advice columnist , in her daily syndicated newspaper column ( in the " post " ) .
the most common pollutant classes analyzed are nutrients , pesticides , total dissolved solids and sediment .
the matching packets are loaded directly into omnipeek and analyzed .
following his research into european integration , michelangelo baracchi bonvicini analyzed the problem related to the lack of european integration and the shifting paradigms of society creating the necessity for a transition to a knowledge society .
the occurrence of such singularities was first analyzed by the belgian physicist léon van hove in 1953 for the case of phonon densities of states .
a simple application of fcms is described in a book of william r. taylor , where the war in afghanistan and iraq is analyzed .
recently , he has worked with dutch number one ivan sokolov to improve the opening phase of his game and with club - mate sergei tiviakov , has analyzed some of the games of the old masters , such as botvinnik , smyslov and petrosian .
moreover , this work offered a basic behavior analytic explanation of moral phenomena not previously analyzed .
bulwer analyzed dozens of gestures and provided a guide on how to use gestures to increase eloquence and clarity for public speaking .
an american satellite captures the execution in preparation , but is not analyzed .
john mullan suggets that the problem stems from grandison 's role as a hero when he says , " his hero is able to display his virtue in action ; as a consequence , " sir charles grandison " presents its protagonist without the minutely analyzed reflexes of emotion that brought his heroines to life . "
both 58 ... qe4 and 58 ... qf5 looked reasonable , but the bulletin board had analyzed the former to a forced loss , so krush duly recommended the latter .
john schmitt and ben zipperer ( 2006 ) of the cepr have analyzed the effects of intensive anglo - american neoliberal policies in comparison to continental european neoliberalism , concluding " the u.s. economic and social model is associated with substantial levels of social exclusion , including high levels of income inequality , high relative and absolute poverty rates , poor and unequal educational outcomes , poor health outcomes , and high rates of crime and incarceration .
the less complex method treats the leading tone as the root of the chord , and the other chord members as the third , fifth , and seventh of the chord , the same way other seventh chords are analyzed .
the mitochondrial dna from the gut is analyzed and can lead to the identification of the corpse the maggot was feeding on as well as the species of the maggot itself .
of course , the data from a randomized study can be analyzed to consider secondary hypotheses or to suggest new ideas .
rebecca traister of salon.com analyzed palin 's political record as one that demonstrated her lack of enthusiasm about the bush era promotion of abstinence - before - marriage education , and one that showed she did not work against existing sex education laws in alaska .
at the end of the drift tube the protonated molecules are mass analyzed ( quadrupole mass analyzer or time - of - flight mass spectrometer ) and detected .
the bishop 's opening is one of the oldest openings to be analyzed ; it was studied by lucena and ruy lopez .
it is being analyzed in the world 's largest ct scanner , operated by the boeing co.
this specimen was later to be analyzed to be the family 's oldest member .
the last resort is text counts , but even then , some languages must be analyzed as having two ( or even more ) word orders .
they show that " kudoa " species are distinct from other myxozoans analyzed ( " myxidium " sp . , " myxobolus " sp . , and " henneguya zschokkei " ) .
doppler radar data , photogrammetry , and ground swirl patterns ( cycloidal marks ) may also be analyzed to determine intensity and award a rating .
key security properties of an object - capability program or operating system can be analyzed .
rajagopal analyzed the role of the media in the public ’s construction of national , cultural , class , and regional identity .
he analyzed sunspot records and proxies as well as battles , revolutions , riots and wars in russia and 71 other countries for the period 500 bce to 1922 ce .
in the first review article , parsons analyzed bendix 's work entitled " embattled reason . "
though this approach is useful , the " athenian mercury " can also be analyzed in the context of gender representation due to the number of questions which talk about courtship and gender relations .
tactical - sized , single or multiple , or large vehicles can be operated in a controlled electromagnetic ( em ) environment with emitters on and sensors stimulated while rf signals are recorded and analyzed .
her ' analyzed the american association of university women 's report " how schools shortchange girls " .
one such online system , the anima project , gathers user results into a master database which is then analyzed using a variety of statistical techniques .
spectroscopic features are analyzed and described with respect to the symmetry properties of the , " inter alia " , vibrational or electronic states .
once the foundation analyzed the new data , hardiness zones were revised , generally reflecting warmer recent temperatures in many parts of the country .
ancient greek therapeutical texts are to be digitized , indexed and analyzed both in the original and in translation .
the museum 's collection includes ancient ninjutsu writings analyzed scientifically along with ancient ninjutsu weapons .
superimposed schedules of reinforcement can be used to create the three classic conflict situations ( approach - approach conflict , approach - avoidance conflict , and avoidance - avoidance conflict ) described by kurt lewin ( 1935)and can be used to operationalize other lewinian situations analyzed by his force field analysis .
rowell extensively analyzed the existing meiji constitution , balancing it with the demands of japanese lawyers to form a draft that was acceptable to both the japanese government and the ghq .
modern theory has the line analyzed to a draw at best for white .
a group of " the simpsons " enthusiasts at calvin college have also analyzed the religious and philosophical aspects of the episode , including the issue of faith versus science .
the 9 eukaryotic genomes analyzed in the study .
chemical characterization studies using x - ray fluorescence ( xrf ) and neutron activation analysis ( naa ) have shown that the chivay obsidian source , also known as the cotallalli type or the titicaca basin type , makes up over 90% of the obsidian artifacts analyzed from the lake titicaca basin .
in 1934 , andrei bely published the most meticulous study of gogol 's literary techniques up to that date , in which he analyzed the colours prevalent in gogol 's work depending on the period , his impressionistic use of verbs , expressive discontinuity of his syntax , complicated rhythmical patterns of his sentences , and many other secrets of his craft .
for example , aarseth is critical of the widespread attention that narrativists have given to the heroine of the game " tomb raider " , saying that " the dimensions of lara croft 's body , already analyzed to death by film theorists , are irrelevant to me as a player , because a different - looking body would not make me play differently ... when i play , i do n't even see her body , but see through it and past it . "
x - ray microscopes are sometimes used for these analyses because the samples are too small to be analyzed in any other way .
the film is studied by ags students and analyzed for fallacies .
in some languages , vowel length is sometimes better analyzed as a sequence of two identical vowels .
since there was no direct male heirs from thomas jefferson , as a replacement , the study analyzed dna from the y chromosomes of : five male - line descendants of two sons of the president ’s paternal uncle , field jefferson .
the plan was analyzed and tentatively approved by the reich security head office ( rsha ) , and steps were taken towards implementing it .
she explains that even though she had planned to have sex with him during their time together , she really wanted her work to be viewed , analyzed and possibly even appreciated .
statistical techniques and procedures are applied in all fields of academic research ; wherever data are collected and summarized or wherever any numerical information is analyzed or research is conducted , statistics are needed for sound analysis and interpretation of results .
the book analyzed whether large group awareness training could be classified as psychotherapy , and also attempted to determine whether these techniques are harmful , beneficial , or produce no effects to an individual 's mental health .
the second international was therefore opposed to the participation of the working classes in war , which was analyzed as a competition between different national bourgeois classes and different state imperialisms .
this first looks like a problem because there is more than one network which has to be analyzed .
the gemara then analyzed how the anonymous first view in mishnah came to its conclusion that the king could have no more than 18 wives .
pinski in 2003 analyzed 9.qxg7 nxc3 + 10.be3 nd5 + 11.c3 rf8 12.cxb4 nxe3 13.fxe3 qxb4 + , writing that " black is very close to winning " .
the sizes of the samples analyzed in this study were generally quite small , so it is possible that the actual frequency of haplogroup l among mediterranean european populations may be slightly lower or higher than that reported by semino " et al . " , but there seems to be no study to date that has described more precisely the distribution of haplogroup l in southwest asia and europe .
in recent years it has been analyzed by dr. ronald judy , dr. joseph progler , dr. allan austin and muhammed al - ahari .
he argued that if instruments produce random errors because of their imperfections or idiosyncratic qualities , then multiple observations must be taken , analyzed qualitatively , and on this basis , arrive at a " common - sense single value for the constant sought " , whether an arithmetic mean or a " reliable estimate . "
through real life situations the candidate 's ability for common sense practical reasoning are analyzed .
bhavnani and john ( 2000 ) analyzed different computer applications and strived to identify such user strategies ( i.e. , general methods to perform a certain task ) which generalize across three distinct computer domains ( word processor , spreadsheet , and cad ) .
in 2000 , two teams independently analyzed the same event .
analyzed data from the hollywood stock exchange and the foresight exchange concluded that market prices predicted actual outcomes and/or outcome frequencies in the real world .
in religion , for example , john wycliffe , the intellectual progenitor of the protestant reformation , referred to alhazen in discussing the seven deadly sins in terms of the distortions in the seven types of mirrors analyzed in " de aspectibus " .
they also found trophy , which uses a shotgun - like kill mechanism , to be the most mature of the 15 systems they analyzed at the time .
each quadrant was analyzed in context of regional development , existing development , climatic factors , flora and fauna , water resources , transport network etc and the efforts yielded the present site southeast of raipur at about 15 km distance , close to mana airport .
soil and plant samples were taken and when analyzed showed no foreign matter or evidence of chemical propellants that could account for the burning .
in july 2006 , a team analyzed the virus ' rna and determined the genetic changes that have occurred in various strains of the virus and identified those genetic sequences which led to the increased virulence of recent strains .
in this paper smith thoroughly analyzed the acoustical resonances occurring in the compression cavity and devised a design methodology to suppress the resonances by careful positioning and sizing of the channels in the phase - plug .
dog breeds can now be analyzed through genetics .
in 2006 , dr. wolfgang e. krumbein , ( carl von ossietzky university of oldenburg ) , having analyzed the ossuary , concluded that the israeli antiquities authority 's conclusion " ... originate from a series of errors , biases , mistaken premises , use of inappropriate methodology , mistaken geochemistry , defective error control , reliance on unconfirmed data , disregard of information ( such as the cleaning and preservation actions performed [ on the ossuary ] , and the use of a comparative isotope methodology despite the fact that the [ james ossuary ] inscription fail[s ] to meet the cumulative prerequisite conditions for such tests and comparisons . "
three weeks later , the photos were analyzed , and on 4 august 1995 , a cia report on the photos is sent to the white house .
for journalist masanori yamaguchi , who analyzed the " memo " and comments made by the emperor in his first - ever press conference in 1975 , the emperor 's evasive and opaque attitude about his own responsibility for the war and the fact he said that the bombing of hiroshima " could not be helped " , could mean that the emperor was afraid that the enshrinement of the war criminals at yasukuni would reignite the debate over his own responsibility for the war .
any qi men dun jia ju may be interpreted or analyzed to respond to a wide variety of questions , or to solve a multitude of problems .
in her 1985 book , she analyzed lebanese politics as being the result of complex interactions among the country 's different population groups , which she divided-- based on an analysis by fuad i. khuri-- into " sects " and " minorities . "
released in 2005 , the study analyzed data from 10 countries and sheds new light on the prevalence of violence against women .
for example , researchers analyzed patterns of diversity of new world coral snakes to see whether the geographical distribution of species fit within the predictions of mte ( i.e. more species in warmer areas ) .
cladistic studies have hitherto only analyzed a rather small proportion of polychaetes ; hence it may be that some of the families today included in terebellida by most authors will eventually be again recognized to belong elsewhere .
the first genome annotation software system was designed in 1995 by dr. owen white , who was part of the team at the institute for genomic research that sequenced and analyzed the first genome of a free - living organism to be decoded , the bacterium " haemophilus influenzae " .
samples have been analyzed from many known biogenic and anthropogenic emissions sources such as diesel and gasoline vehicles , cigarette smoke , road dust , vegetative detritus , wood smoke , and meat cooking .
" about 52 key genetic changes distinguish avian influenza strains from those that spread easily among people , according to researchers in taiwan , who analyzed the genes of more than 400 a type flu viruses . " " how many mutations would make an avian virus capable of infecting humans efficiently , or how many mutations would render an influenza virus a pandemic strain , is difficult to predict .
each " lanka silat " forms , or “ " anyo " ” is carefully analyzed and can be converted to lethal energy movements that can be used as martial arts , wherein the practitioner is able to defeat larger , more powerful opponents , with minimal effort .
each of the stories told within " metamorphoses " can be analyzed in this fashion and it is even worth noting the story of king midas .
the stability of fixed points of a system of constant coefficient linear differential equations of first order can be analyzed using the eigenvalues of the corresponding matrix .
according to george perle , " a klumpenhouwer network is a chord analyzed in terms of its dyadic sums and differences , " and , " this kind of analysis of triadic combinations was implicit in , " his , " concept of the cyclic set from the beginning " .
in addition , he analyzed actions and wrote cincpac ’s war reports during the first part of this tour of duty .
kenneth irving wrote ; " a casual observer might think that planetary effect studies are very tricky to do and the results are so full of potential pitfalls they must be analyzed very carefully in secret , perhaps for many years before releasing them " .
tasks are analyzed into steps , with a main goal of identifying steps that are reusable in multiple tasks .
since the second law of thermodynamics has a precise mathematical definition , this argument can be analyzed quantitatively .
a diary study is an in - depth reflection on learning processes or teaching experiences regularly kept by an individual and then analyzed to look for recurring patterns or significant events ( bailey , 1990 ) .
political parties should thus be analyzed as blocs of major investors who coalesce to advance candidates presenting their interests .
the third layer added bots that analyzed the relationship between various websites by counting the clicks between them and , thus , organizing a database of preferences .
he analyzed each aristotelian element in terms of four basic qualities of " hotness " , " coldness " , " dryness " , and " moistness " .
in regard to affirmative action , for example , the goals of proponents : that it was a temporary measure , that it helped those categories of minorities less fortunate , that it would promote social harmony , et cetera , have not been satisfied when the empirical evidence is analyzed .
the extensively analyzed max lange can also arise from the giuoco piano or scotch game .
thomas burke 's later nonfictional works , as analyzed by matt houlbrook in " queer london " , examine , if only in an indirect way , london 's homosexual communities .
on july 25 , 2008 , the bbc reported that hairs collected in the remote garo hills area of north - east india by dipu marak had been analyzed at oxford brookes university in the uk by primatologist anna nekaris and microscopy expert jon wells .
they analyzed the region ( see below ) using a box between 10 and 40 degrees north latitude and called it the " 10/40 box " .
other strategists analyzed another simplified plan where nazi forces were to be concentrated in the east caucasus area , positioned to advance to grozny and baku .
transparency also must be analyzed as the impact of an organization associated or affiliated with its stakeholders .
richard c. tolman analyzed spherically symmetric metrics in 1934 and 1939 .
however , it is considered to be a complex process because the contents in solution have to be analyzed in half reactions , whether reduced or oxidized .
in the work , subjective personal value of goods is analyzed and compared with exchange value .
in her research , meyerhoff analyzed conversations between an interviewer and an interviewee of either pākehā or māori descent and calculated the frequency of “ eh ” in the conversation .
once cells are disrupted and individual parts are tested or analyzed , this is known as " in vitro " .
thus they are neither analyzed as outsiders to society nor as merely ‘
for abendanon he categorized and analyzed the geological finds of his " midden celebes - expeditie " .
no tin was found present in the samples analyzed , which the authors suggest is an indication that there was possible use of scrap copper instead of bronze .
scanning probe microscopy ( spm ) makes use of a “ probe ” , ( usually either a tiny aperture or super - sharp tip ) , which either locally excites a sample or transmits local information from a sample to be collected and analyzed .
a number of papers have analyzed and compared these 256 cas , either individually or .
on encountering a new position , the program checks the table to see if the position has already been analyzed ; this can be done quickly , in expected constant time .
forensic corporate collections are those that are acquired in a fashion that enables the evidence and results that are collected , preserved , analyzed , and presented to the creditor to be legally admissible in a court of law .
sociology traditionally analyzed social institutions in terms of interlocking social roles and expectations .
turkey 's " laïcité " does not call for a strict separation of religion and the state , but describes the state 's stance as one of " active neutrality . " turkey 's actions related with religion are carefully analyzed and evaluated through the diyanet i̇şleri başkanlığı ( english : presidency of religious affairs ) .
in palaeography , demetrius triclinius ( ~1300),a native of thessalonica , was a byzantine scholar who edited and analyzed the metrical structure of many texts from ancient greece , particularly those of aeschylus , sophocles and euripides .
in the u.s. , for instance , the ccar analyzed such matters as euthanasia through a halakhic screen .
however , it may be analyzed in terms of biology — a girl must pass puberty to become a woman — and sociology , as a great deal of mature relating in social contexts is learned rather than instinctive .
he analyzed 83 known types of pneumococci , and determined 14 types were responsible for 80% of invasive pneumococcal infections in man , and that the outer coatings or capsules of these organisms should be included in an effective vaccine .
kobra analyzed and duplicated the chemical composition of the pits and used this information to build his own network , something batman would discover during their very first meeting .
criminologist jo - ellan dimitrius used surveys to determine the ideal defense juror demographic ( black women ) and analyzed and judged the prospective jurors ' answers to a questionnaire and response and body language during voir dire ( the stage of jury selection where lawyers are permitted to directly question the jury ) .
the contents of the collections are continuously analyzed and researched in collaboration with the zurich university of the arts ( zhdk ) as well as other university - level institutions with the aim of contextually positioning them from a present day viewpoint and opening them up for cross - disciplinary projects .
digital geologic mapping is the process by which geologic features are observed , analyzed , and recorded in the field and displayed in real - time on a computer or personal digital assistant ( pda ) .
furthermore , in 2009 , the remains of individuals found at a site in xiaohe were analyzed for y - dna and mtdna markers .
many other interesting and relevant mapping properties can be described , not least that z - plane controllers , having the property that they may be directly implemented from the z - plane transfer function ( zero / pole ratio of polynomialls ) , can be imagined graphically on a z - plane plot of the open loop transfer function , and immediately analyzed utilizing root locus .
( 1995 ) dna sequences for the chloroplast gene ndhf were analyzed to address phylogenetic relationships among the major lineages of the poaceae .
when " n " is not a prime , the galois groups can be analyzed in terms of the factors of " n " as a wreath product .
five months later , godin posted another entry titled " understanding local max , " in which he presented another success curve -- this time nearly identical to the one that appears in his book -- and analyzed the hypothetical conversation that would occur at four points on the curve .
she attended the university of oxford and then , in 1926 , went to vienna , hoping to study psycho - analysis and be analyzed by sigmund freud .
community without propinquity " , coined by urban planner melvin webber in 1963 and " community liberated , " analyzed by barry wellman in 1979 began the modern era of thinking about non - local community .
j.m. harrison and r.j. williams note that " virtually all of the models that have been successfully analyzed in classical queueing network theory are models having a so - called product form stationary distribution "
gibson analyzed an unofficial patch issued by ilfak guilfanov , and publicly speculated both on a podcast called " security now ! " as well as on his web site that microsoft may have intentionally included this vulnerability because of the use of an api called setabortproc which was originally intended as a mechanism for canceling print jobs , which in his view made no sense .
all accessed pages , as well as all forms submitted , can be captured and analyzed by the proxy operator .
according to an expert who analyzed the tree , the fall is likely due to rot .
these general activities culminate in a language that helps focus user attention on the information that needs to be discovered , analyzed , transformed , or communicated in the course of accomplishing the task for which the method was designed .
the strategic statements are analyzed and arranged hierarchically , through techniques like qualitative hierarchical cluster analysis .
professor ruttan analyzed the development of general purpose technologies in six areas and found that in all cases government financed projects had contributed to significantly speed up the development of new general purpose technologies , and in one case , nuclear power , the development had not been possible without large scale government funding .
they analyzed the information and determined the best way to fall .
during each revision , the decision scheme was evaluated by a subcommittee of acs - cot , which analyzed the available literature , considered expert opinion , and developed recommendations regarding additions and deletions to the decision scheme .
for this example there is only a single class " main " to be analyzed , which is mark " next " in green .
michael green , a member of the 9/11 truth movement , has analyzed the film and is critical of many of its claims and methods .
there exist large differences among the european countries , and each case must be analyzed individually in further detail .
paul 's hypothesis received additional support when mayr " et al . " ( 2005 ) analyzed a new , tenth specimen of " archaeopteryx " , and concluded that " archaeopteryx " was the sister clade to the deinonychosauria , but that the more advanced bird " confuciusornis " was within the dromaeosauridae .
his major breakthrough was that truss members could be analyzed as a system of forces in equilibrium .
he visited with the polgár family in budapest and analyzed many games with judit , zsuzsa , and zsófia polgár .
the atf analyzed more 1,530 trafficking investigations over a two - and - a - half - year period and found gun shows to be the second leading source of illegally diverted guns in the nation ( behind only corrupt federally licensed dealers ) .
several books have extensively analyzed and criticized his position , including laura hobgood - oster , " holy dogs and asses " ( university of illinois press , 2008 ) and stephen m. vantassel , " dominion over wildlife ? " ( resource publications , 2009 ) . "
the historico - political discourse analyzed by michel foucault in " society must be defended " ( 1975 - 76 ) considered truth as the fragile product of a historical struggle , first conceptualized under the name of " race struggle " — however , " race " 's meaning was different from today 's biological notion , being closer to the sense of " nation " ( distinct from nation - states ; its signification is here closer to " people " ) .
in this way interesting variations are analyzed more meticulously than less promising lines .
directorate for masint and technical collection ( dt ) : collects measurement and signature intelligence which is technical intelligence that – when collected , processed , and analyzed by dedicated masint systems – results in intelligence that detects , tracks , identifies , or describes the signatures ( distinctive characteristics ) of fixed or dynamic target sources .
now this data can be entered into a gis program and be layered , organized and analyzed in a way that was not possible to do in the past .
another big difference is that a hard drive can be analyzed offline but shutting down a network will destroy most of the digital evidence .
in 2009 , a newly - analyzed hiv sequence was reported to have greater similarity to a simian immunodeficiency virus recently discovered in wild gorillas ( sivgor ) than to sivs from chimpanzees ( sivcpz ) .
there are 11 projects that have been analyzed and upgraded to the status of rung 2 by reaching zero defects in the first year of the scan .
the difference between the emitted sound and the picked up sound is analyzed to determine the sound - damping qualities of the material .
the key to giddens ' explanation is his focus on the knowledgeability of the agent and the fact that the agency can not exist or be analyzed separately from its structure .
by the count of australian historian paul o'shea , volume eight of the adss contains 107 references to jews in the period prior to december 1942 ; various other historians have analyzed these , statement by statement .
all samples are analyzed on a static mass spectrometer equipped with ion counting detection .
only approximately 3,000 bottles had been analyzed from the total 6,000 bottles collected .
in 1933 , " hannibal " and were the first u.s. navy vessels to collect dynamic sounding data in which depth and oceanographic data were collected in one sounding and analyzed aboard . " hannibal " was replaced in its work for the u. s. navy hydrographic office by .
even before the birth of the baby , careful investigations took place : dreams , events were analyzed .
it began to be deeply analyzed in the ' 80s , in the line of what william stokoe had made with american sign language in the ' 60s .
in fact , pink was the first world meeting of iraqi lesson of the iraqi individual and the nature of iraqi society , boldly and frankly analyzed social phenomena hidden and individual behaviors and the assembly and drew attention to the study and analysis and criticism .
she has collected and analyzed the works of her former teacher , the dutch composer gerard kockelmans , and written about the composer jean lambrechts .
several blogs have analyzed the votes by precinct , made available by black box voting , the boston globe , the new hampshire department of state , and the politico , and noted that obama led clinton in both rural and urban precincts that used hand counting , but clinton led obama in precincts that used machine counting .
this footprint may track the user [ ip ] , the time when it was created , and where they came from , this footprint later can be analyzed by a network manager
they continue to be analyzed in other contexts : by scholars of beowulf discussing its use of the term " hugones " to mean franks , by climatologists , and in a book discussing fear of the millennium .
the hair is sampled , processed and analyzed , studying the levels of mineral and metals in the hair sample .
in mfa studies for a region or on a national level the flows of materials between the natural environment and the economy are analyzed and quantified on a physical level .
results from these filters are analyzed by the centers for disease control and prevention who then pass any significant results to the federal bureau of investigation .
for polymer separations the pore sizes should be on the order of the polymers being analyzed .
linnea wren and travis nygard have analyzed the monumental record of yo’okop in terms of both sacred and gendered space .
in various articles he also analyzed british colonial rule in ireland and india .
when noni juice alone is analyzed and compared to pulp powder , only vitamin c is retained at a high level , 33.6 mg per 100 g of juice .
many philosophers and psychiatrists analyzed such a model .
a chemist , tytus sławik , who was staying with them , analyzed the water in a spring and found a high concentration of iodine and iron .
particle dispersion and sedimentation can be analyzed using the lamm equation .
araújo analyzed brazilian soap operas from 1964 to 1997 and only 4 black families were represented as being of middle - class .
using information gathered by the food channel and noble 's culturewaves team , food industry trends are analyzed and reported on the site .
in infrared spectroscopy , samples are analyzed by grinding with kbr powder , and pressing into a disc .
these techniques are analyzed considering security mechanisms like firewall network address translation .
broom analyzed his findings carefully and noted the differences in the molar teeth size which resembled a gorilla 's a bit more than a human 's .
in comparing yields , a us survey published in 2001 analyzed 150 growing seasons of data on various crops and concluded that organic yields were 95 - 100% of conventional yields .
also because the other services are analyzed as well , the chances of logic duplication are minimized .
more complex circuits can be analyzed numerically with software such as spice or symbolically using software such as sapwin .
here is where the light is split up into its spectral components and analyzed .
the tree was cut and sectioned on august 6 , 1964 , and several pieces of the sections hauled out to be processed and analyzed , first by currey , then by others in later years .
works and authors analyzed include the " enuma elish " , homer , hesiod , sappho , the " book of judges " , the " rig veda " , " ramayana " , " upanishads " , " bhagavad gita " , and the " tao te ching " .
the company created a proprietary “ business plan assessment ( bpa ) ” and a “ summary term sheet ” to quickly analyzed business plans and start - up projects to assist them in rapidly presenting them to angel investors and venture capitalist .
many aspects of this revolt , which started within certain sections of the mutinying army in istanbul , are still yet to be analyzed .
after stolz died , dempwolff analyzed his language materials and compiled a short sketch ( 1936 ) .
one of the key ideas in stability theory is that the qualitative behavior of an orbit under perturbations can be analyzed using the linearization of the system near the orbit .
profeco analyzed twenty nine randomly selected alcoholic beverages sold in tepito and results indicated that all were counterfeit and adulterated , not matching the brand of the packaging .
mansergh followed this up in 1940 with " ireland in the age of reform and revolution " , which critically analyzed the marxist dialectic as it had been applied to ireland , noting later that this led to his frequent misidentification as a marxist historian .
although in south 24 parganas district groundwater is affected by arsenic contamination , in gosaba all the tubewells analyzed were arsenic safe ( below 10 µg / l ) .
his work , " the military policy of the united states " , which analyzed american military policies and practices and presented the first systematic examination of the nation 's military history , had a tremendous effect on the u.s. army when it was published posthumously in 1904 .
these files must be analyzed and then a report must be submitted for grading .
another unique feature of dart ion source is its versatility in the range of chemicals that can be analyzed .
deparcieux analyzed in detail empirical observations .
their suggestions were bound , analyzed and made compilation into a major objective and seven missions .
in each of the 10-minute broadcasts , a single painting was presented and analyzed by an art historian .
in such analysis , a model of the computer for which time must be analyzed is required .
this described and analyzed the phenomenon of " hunting " , in which lags in the system can lead to overcompensation and unstable behavior .
the smoke produced by each was analyzed for solid particulates ( tars ) and 3 major cannabinoids .
at the time of the two users ' arrests , the kyoto police claimed to have " analyzed winny 's anonymity features " to track the users down , but did not disclose the exact method used .
russian programmer shpilkin analyzed the results of medvedev 's election statistically and came to a conclusion that the results were falsified by the election committees .
the theory was supported in a study solomon conducted along with j.d. corbit in 1974 , in which the researchers analyzed the emotions of skydivers .
kemalism has an " active neutrality " and actions related to religion should be carefully analyzed and evaluated by the government through the presidency of religious affairs , which is responsible for managing the religious affairs and institutions in the country .
the coursework of psi seminars was also analyzed in a 1983 study in the academic journal , " culture , medicine and psychiatry " .
then the performance of black , hispanic , and low - income students was analyzed to determine whether these groups were performing better than average for similar students in the state .
marx gives various reasons for this , but the main obstacle seems to be that trading relations refer to societal relations which are not necessarily observably manifest , and therefore can only be inferred or analyzed with the aid of highly abstract ideas .
enthusiasts analyzed memory backups and discovered that entries in the calculator 's custom menu pointed at specific memory locations .
it should be analyzed , measured , controlled , documented , and validated .
these 2d crystals could then be analyzed using electron microscopy to derive low - resolution images of the protein 's structure .
