in the 1978 " superman " film , lex luthor serves as the primary antagonist .
in 2007 , he continued his long term collaboration with " the simpsons " by voicing russ cargill , the main antagonist of " the simpsons movie " .
kombayn nikoladze is the primary antagonist of " tom clancy 's splinter cell " .
the final antagonist appearing near the end of the series , he is a master vampire much alike bóris .
it is unusual in that one enantiomer is a pure μ-opioid agonist , while the other is an antagonist .
in the mid-1950s , scotti played the " antagonist " against froggy the gremlin on andy 's gang .
according to james j. martin , in " men against the state " , greene did not become a " full - fledged anarchist " until the last decade of his life , but his writings show that he had by 1850 articulated a christian mutualism , drawing heavily on the writings of proudhon 's sometimes - antagonist pierre leroux .
smasher / devourer is the secondary antagonist in the story and is also the name of a song on the album .
he maintains his antagonist role , but is significantly toned down for its preschool audience- he is less malicious and more mischievous .
serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitors ( saris ) are a class of drugs used as antidepressants .
in his final appearance in " char 's counterattack " , he assumes leadership of the neo zeon movement , named after his father zeon zum deikun , and becomes the titular antagonist of the film .
in addition to the discovery of , the first marketed non - steroidal aromatase inhibitor for the treatment of estrogen - dependent breast cancer , he led the team that discovered , the second angiotensin ii antagonist ever to be marketed .
lord farquaad is the main antagonist from the 2001 animated feature film " shrek " .
initially introduced in " le repaire de la murène " as " the good captain " of the sunk vessel " le discret " , he is eventually revealed to be a hardened antagonist of the worst sort .
the first cannabinoid receptor " antagonist , " rimonabant , was described in 1994 .
nicotinic antagonist .
a fortune - teller with dual personalities under the influence of an alien force , sartorius serves as the main antagonist of the series ' second season , poised to remake the world in the image most befitting the extraterrestrial radiance within him .
konrad 's brother and antagonist , henry ii the pious , was recognized as pro - german .
" mottola " , sloyan 's character , was used to illustrate the concept of a " griftee " in the film , having been " cleaned by two grifters " who " ... tied into [ sloyan 's character ] on 47th ... played the switch for him , then blew him off to a cab on 49th . " sloyan 's character in the movie was eventually murdered by the film 's antagonist .
freddy krueger is the primary antagonist in all the " nightmare on elm street " films , and was officially killed off in part six , ' .
with them is ms. jean garcia who will play the antagonist , sis .
one of them fell into the ocean , which was the magic jar , an object that seals the antagonist of the game known as ogura .
he serves as the central antagonist of the first film .
zurvan could be described as divinized time , from which would spring into being both the ethical creator godhead ahura mazda , who is worshipped , and his satanic antagonist angra mainyu , whom believers fight against .
in jim bouton 's book " ball four , " a memoir of the 1969 baseball season , o'brien -- who in that year had served as bullpen coach for the seattle pilots expansion club -- was represented as bouton 's consistent antagonist .
the main antagonist is the famous , well - respected and ill - tempered surgeon professor geoffrey loftus ( ernest clark ) .
word paynn is the primary antagonist of the series .
a sequel , " wario land ii " , was later released , with the character captain syrup returning as the antagonist .
allen also encounters the antagonist the millennium earl , his akuma army , and the noah family , a group of humans who aid the earl in his plot to destroy humanity .
nefa is a moderate affinity nmda antagonist ( ic50 = 0.51 μm ) .
erika was offered the part of the antagonist " aimee , " but initially refused it .
the gang is depicted as frequenting downtown manhattan , and serves as a recurring antagonist of the thing , tormenting him for typically humorous effect .
later on , milind soman , who had last appeared in " pachaikili muthucharam " in tamil , was signed up for the main antagonist 's role , a mumbai - based don , while there are 18 villains overall as per reports .
atropine degrades slowly , typically wearing off in 7 to 14 days , so it is generally used as a therapeutic mydriatic , whereas tropicamide ( a shorter - acting cholinergic antagonist ) or phenylephrine ( an α-adrenergic agonist ) is preferred as an aid to ophthalmic examination .
in the presence of progesterone , mifepristone acts as a competitive receptor antagonist at the progesterone receptor ( in the absence of progesterone , mifepristone acts as a partial agonist ) .
in ' from 1994 joe joins terry , andy and mai into helping a woman named sulia into stopping her brother laocorn gaudeamus , who is the main antagonist from the film .
hayes ' character also showed up as the antagonist in the 1954 film " his majesty o'keefe " with charles horvath playing the part .
it acts as a mixed agonist - antagonist of the mu - opioid receptor .
it is an endothelin receptor antagonist selective for subtype a ( eta ) .
in " smallville " , lana and clark 's relationship is depicted ( at least initially ) as the complete reverse of the post - crisis version , whereby it was " clark who long pined over lana without the other really knowing . " this initial scenario also incorporated elements of the 1978 movie continuity by introducing the character of whitney fordman , lana 's quarterback boyfriend and clark 's antagonist at the beginning of the series .
serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor .
the film is notable for the antagonist sid , played in a flashback by anthrax lead singer joey belladonna .
the adept antagonist of the second book of the trilogy .
often his siblings use variations of " faboo " , as in calling a male antagonist " dadoo " to annoy them .
naltrexone , an opioid antagonist , and pregabalin or gabapentin , benzodiazepine anxiolytics are also of use in severe itching .
whilst featuring a large cast of heroes , anti - heroes and villains , a number of which enjoying in depth and detailed character development within the plot , the lead antagonist of priest is temozarela , whilst the main protagonist is ivan isaacs , a now immortal , 19th century priest who sold his soul to belial , a former priest turned devil , in the pursuit of revenge and redemption after unwittingly unleashing temozarela from the domas porada , a prison of sorts constructed by belial ( then betheal ) to imprison temozarela .
lee was dissatisfied with hayter 's script , and commissioned schamus for a rewrite , merging banner 's father with the absorbing man to create a physical antagonist .
mainly piloted by aine lewi , the main antagonist .
while in most episodes the cryptid is the antagonist , in others its actions benefit the human protagonists .
the doctor is the antagonist and diabolical adversary of the novel .
count dracula is a fictional character , the titular antagonist of bram stoker 's 1897 gothic horror novel " dracula " and archetypal vampire .
rené descartes ( 1596 - 1650 ) was one of the first to conceive a model of reciprocal innervation ( in 1626 ) as the principle that provides for the control of agonist and antagonist muscles .
however , he was sought for the role of antagonist max cady by the studios .
it behaves as a 5-ht1a receptor partial agonist ( ki = 15 nm ) , d2 receptor partial agonist ( ki = 23 nm ) , and α1-adrenoceptor receptor antagonist ( ki = 14 nm ) , and also has weak affinity for the sigma receptor ( ki = 558 nm ) .
while still an antagonist of the team , he is recruited in " thirteen " ( and therefore possibly the thirteenth member of the crew in this particular scheme ) after ocean ’s crew runs out of money halfway through the bank - con .
eva stellenbosch is a secondary antagonist in the novel " point blanc " .
the first opens with the titular hero max payne after defeating the game 's main antagonist .
the is the leader of the aparoid race and the primary antagonist of " star fox : assault " .
initially introduced as the primary antagonist in the anime 's first season , pegasus is developed into a tragic character who desires to revive his dead mistress .
proxymetacaine is believed to act as an antagonist on voltage - gated sodium channels to affect the permeability of neuronal membranes ; how this inhibits pain sensations and the exact mechanism of action of proxymetacaine are , however , unknown .
fingolimod has also been reported to be a cannabinoid receptor antagonist , a cpla2 inhibitor and a ceramide synthase inhibitor .
the master ( octomus ) is the main antagonist of " mystic force " and the true leader of the forces of darkness and his minions revere him so much that he has only ever been referred to by his title .
the antagonist of the second series .
one regular antagonist in the series was " powerful pierre , " a tall and muscular unshaven character with a french accent .
she crosses paths with barbara gordon ( destined , as oracle , to be a close friend and colleague ) , catwoman , and batman , who will become partial mentor , partial antagonist during her subsequent career as a gotham superhero .
ebastine is a second - generation h1 receptor antagonist that is indicated mainly for allergic rhinitis and chronic idiopathic urticaria .
this also causes lipolysis and is an insulin antagonist , which is a diabetogenic effect .
his antagonist and the main character in this novel is bard mac fianna who wants to unify the hundred kingdoms under his leadership .
eggman nega : as it turns out , eggman nega is the main antagonist of the game , who hails from the future .
deebo is the secondary antagonist in the first two films .
using nigel 's shadow identity as bait for team red 's mole , elaine and jack successfully expose and capture marcus hackman , who is revealed to be the mole and main antagonist .
it is an α1-adrenergic antagonist .
his most fondly - remembered role was in the gerry anderson science fiction series " ufo " , where he played sometime - ally , sometime - antagonist general henderson , with wild eyebrows !
3-quinuclidinyl benzilate , called qnb in the scientific community , is used in pharmacology as a muscarinic receptor antagonist .
in some instances , a story is told from the villain 's point of view , and any hero trying to stop the villain can be regarded as an antagonist .
the journal was launched with the aim to provide a platform for discussion across the wider social antagonist movement and has seen significant success in doing so , with contributors spanning across that political spectrum ( anarchists , autonomists and others from the wider non - orthodox marxist tradition ) .
the antagonist cho , on the other hand , leads a life as a successful business and family man .
it also has α2-adrenergic antagonist properties .
aptiganel ( cerestat ; cns-1102 ) is a drug which acts as a noncompetitive nmda antagonist .
he is the main antagonist , along with his and alyssa 's ancestor , lord burroughs . voiced by paul humpoletz .
he is the primary antagonist of " star fox , " " star fox 64 " , and " star fox adventures " .
throughout most of the series , stoat muldoon is considered the antagonist of the show , but on a few special occasions , he joins forces with the martians to defeat emperor bog and dr. damage .
it is a non - competitive gaba antagonist and binds irreversibly to neuronal gaba receptors and disables chloride channels , disabling the activity of neurons .
he is known to international audiences for his roles as khan in richard attenborough 's " gandhi " ( 1982 ) and as the main antagonist mola ram in the steven spielberg 's " indiana jones and the temple of doom " ( 1984 ) .
the next part , recited by graeme edge , who portrays the antagonist from a computer - dominated world , tries to lure the main character into a world of little human interaction due to technology running every aspect of life .
fighting against shinra in the resistance group " avalanche " and driven by a feud with the primary antagonist , sephiroth , cloud learns to come to terms with his troubled past and adapts to his role as a leader .
the antagonist of the game and the man behind the whole scenario , the director communicates to cash through an earpiece until after " kill the rabbit " .
parallels to the greek myth of typhoes , the ancient antagonist of the thunder - god zeus , have been elucidated by walter burkert , " oriental and greek mythology " , pp 19 - 24 , and caucasian parallels in his " von ullikummi zum kaukasus : die felsgeburt des unholds " , " würzburger jahrbücher " n. f. , 5 ( 1979 ) pp 253 - 61 .
almost as impressive is the antagonist , satan , an archvillain who is also known as the " dragon .
his main antagonist was dr. erich nazō ( ナゾー ) , the leader of a crime syndicate bent on world domination .
the episode is stylistically different from other " doctor who " episodes ; " partners in crime " has no clear antagonist , and the creatures are in a different style to " doctor who"s regular " big [ and ] scary " monsters .
6-diazo-5-oxo - l - norleucine ( don ) is a glutamine antagonist , which was isolated originally from streptomyces .
between 1979 and 1991 knoetze acted in four movies , his best known role being primary antagonist rosco dunn , a former corrupt professional boxer turned to a military sergeant , in the 1982 bud spencer hit bomber .
the traits of both neo - zionism and post - zionism are not entirely foreign to " classical " zionism but they differ by accentuating antagonist and diametrally opposed poles already present in zionism . " neo zionism accentuates the messianic and particularistic dimensions of zionist nationalism , while post - zionism accentuates its normalising and universalistic dimensions " .
despite methadone 's much longer duration of action compared to either heroin and other shorter - acting agonists , and the need for repeat doses of the antagonist naloxone , it is still used for overdose therapy .
brompheniramine works by acting as an antagonist of histamine h1 receptors .
brad whitaker is a fictional character and a major antagonist in the james bond film " the living daylights " .
main antagonist in episodes 26 - 39 .
she is the main female protagonist that doubled as antagonist .
eticlopride is a dopamine antagonist used in pharmacological research .
only recently has ravan appeared in the night sky and acts as ereal 's primary antagonist .
several heroines were approached to essay the lead female role with aishwarya rai , priyanka chopra , deepika padukone , asin thottumkal , trisha krishnan , shriya saran , priyamani and nayanthara-04 - 16|url = http://www.filmsutra.com / telugu - film - news / i - want - to - work - with - rajni - sir - says - aishwarya - rai.html } for the lead antagonist role amitabh bachchan , j. d. chakravarthy , narain and arjun were considered , however indian actor , danny denzongpa was signed for the role .
sazetidine a ( amop - h - oh ) is a drug which acts as a subtype selective partial agonist at α4β2 neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors , acting as an agonist at ( α4)2(β2)3 pentamers , but as an antagonist at ( α4)3(β2)2 pentamers .
fanning jokingly said that " we worked out that being number one on the hottest 100 makes us the biggest band in the world because its the biggest music poll in the world " , before going on to make a mockery of the band 's long time antagonist , ben lee , by saying " we remembered we ca n't be the biggest band in the world because ben lee is the biggest in the world ! "
the major antagonist of the novel " twilight " , james is depicted as a merciless " tracker " vampire who hunts human beings or , in some cases , animals , for sport .
however , this action led to a chain reaction that soon followed , turning the future version of danville into a dystopian society led by subplot antagonist dr. heinz doofenshmirtz .
when forced , however , a copper dragon will fight to the very end , and is an incredibly devious antagonist .
in the previous issue , he appeared as an antagonist for giant - man , whose feature under various superhero guises had run in the title since issue # 35 .
industrialist and antagonist , locke is a senior member of a secret society known as the brotherhood .
leader of the grasshoppers , hopper is a cruel and intimidating tyrant who can make even the toughest of bugs cower , serving as the main antagonist of the film .
havok voices the antagonist role , a fallen god named dragos .
4-deoxypyridoxine is a vitamin b6 antagonist .
in ' , during a fight in a buddhist shrine between connor macleod and antagonist kane , connor 's blade shatters and the power of the shrine is revealed to kane .
apa - antagonist perpetrated aggression , training system is a proven special force response system , ( ( http://tw.youtube.com/watch?v=tmp2-tz8g20 archive documentary files showing ministry level demonstration of skills at tactical training base))founded by chief tactical instructor chris mar under direct authorization of the interior ministry as initiated by the national security bureau as the original taiwan swat tactical cqc system , which effectively unifies the tactical infrastructure through a national ministry level administration and proliferation process .
candice wilmer , portrayed by missy peregrym , is an agent of the company , who has the ability to create illusions , and a minor antagonist in " genesis " and " generations " .
a telephone conversation between bormann and heinrich himmler , who was his main antagonist in the struggle for power within the nazi elite , was overheard by telephone operators during which himmler reported to bormann about the extermination of 40,000 jews in poland .
bubbles spots his antagonist and attempts to call herc during the meeting , but herc ignores his calls .
bachchan 's second release " umrao jaan " failed to do well at the box office , but his third film that year , the sequel " dhoom 2 " , did very well — although , as in the first " dhoom " , critics found that hrithik roshan , as the antagonist , stole the show .
one such diclonius , lucy , is the antagonist of the series : initially held in a facility built for experimentation , located off the coast of kamakura , kanagawa prefecture , she manages to escape and wreak havoc , but is injured in the process , an event which causes her to develop a secondary , child - like personality known as nyu .
antagonist huang yunjiu , changes his looks and poses as a professional gambler so he can continually attack qifang to avenge his wife ’s death .
klein wanted to hit taylor with a $ 5 million lawsuit for leaving , but mccartney ( a klein antagonist ) and then the other beatles , overruled him on the grounds that artists should not be holding each other to contracts .
themes of survival have also been traced to the slasher film subgenre , where the protagonist endures a confrontation with the ultimate antagonist .
zantafio is a recurring antagonist in the series .
the diary contained all of the information pertaining to the brady - dimera feud , revealed that john was the son of daphne dimera ( and therefore , tony 's half - brother ) , and further solidified tony as the new antagonist of the show .
muskie maintained that if his voice cracked , it cracked from anger ; muskie 's antagonist was the same editor who referred to him in the 1968 election as " moscow muskie , " and called him a flip - flopper .
however , examination of viral resistance to ad101 , molecular antagonist of ccr5 , indicated that resistant viruses did not switch to another coreceptor ( cxcr4 ) but persisted in using ccr5 , either through binding to alternative domains of ccr5 , or by binding to the receptor at a higher affinity .
for the majority of the series , he is the principal antagonist to the main characters .
the evil twin character black tiger ( using a black costume with silver stripes ) was created by njpw to oppose the man who portrayed tiger mask at the time , although he did not have to have the existing tiger mask as his exclusive antagonist .
at the end the brothers battle some form of an antagonist , and they only win when working in unity .
the dopaminergic d2 receptor antagonist haloperidol selectively reduced the euphoric effects of mdma in volunteers while increasing feelings of anxiety .
ncs-382 is a moderately selective antagonist for the ghb receptor .
lennon later realised that the poem was possibly an indictment of capitalism and was dismayed that he had chosen the walrus ( the capitalist ) , who was the antagonist in lennon 's eyes .
kage hōshi , whose real name is kagerō , is the first antagonist of the series , and is later revealed to be recca 's mother .
" to conclude , their dispute was ended the next morning in hyde park , where the determin'd combatant who first ask'd for satisfaction was obliged afterwards to ask his life too ; whether he mended it or not , i have not yet heard ; but his antagonist in a few years afterwards died in one of the principal posts of the government . "
one of the main themes was the rivalry between the uniformed squad led by inspector fowler ( a sort of protagonist figure ) and the cid led by detective inspector grim ( often fowler 's antagonist , though they were on the same side of the law ) .
yanagisawa appears as a character in most of the novels by american mystery writer laura joh rowland set in genroku - era japan as the antagonist to the books ' main character sano ichiro .
in the movie , her role as an antagonist becomes much greater by manipulating juri into dueling utena .
long john silver is a fictional character and the primary antagonist of the novel " treasure island " , by robert louis stevenson .
wolf made his first and only appearance in " battle arena toshinden ura " , as both the main antagonist / final boss of the game and as an unlockable hidden character .
from this lead the receptor model was further refined and eventually led to the development of burimamide , the first h2-receptor antagonist .
ratcliffe was portrayed in disney 's " pocahontas " as governor ratcliffe , a greedy corrupt man who was the main antagonist .
notably , memantine is an antagonist at alpha-7 nachr , which may contribute to initial worsening of cognitive function during early memantine treatment .
fungus man or robert thomas robertson is initially portrayed as the main antagonist .
strange and ominous events ensue : first , king granseal is attacked by the greater devil geshp ( a recurrent antagonist throughout the game ) .
in addition , pyle played the role of mad jack in the nbc series " the life and times of grizzly adams " ( 1977–1978 ) ( 36 episodes ) , the antagonist frank hamer in " bonnie and clyde " ( 1967 ) , buck webb ( doris day 's father ) during the first two seasons of cbs 's " the doris day show " ( 1968–1970 ) , and briscoe darling on " the andy griffith show " ( 1960–1968 ) ( 6 episodes ) .
in addition to game parodies , " the simpsons game " also features several cameos with satirical spins , including matt groening as himself and will wright as an antagonist .
believed to have had european military academy training , he was hired as an espionage agent for the evil terrorist group ( and main antagonist of the saga 's series ) called cobra .
her real - life husband , dylan baker , played antagonist william cross in the series .
the first breakthrough was " nα"-guanylhistamine , a partial h2-receptor antagonist .
in " super smash bros. brawl " , he acts as one of the game 's antagonist , the ancient minister , for most of the game 's single player mode .
in this cartoon , butch serves as the main antagonist of it .
since then , the changeling has sworn revenge against hellboy and become a recurring antagonist , determined to kill hellboy by any means necessary and , through doing so , save his race from fading out of existence .
in march , actor dougray scott was cast as the antagonist to agent 47 , with olga kurylenko , robert knepper , ulrich thomsen , and michael offei also joining the cast .
he studied also the effects of curare on the electroplaques , which are modified striated muscles and thus have synaptic transmission based on acetylcholine ( curare is an antagonist of this neurotransmitter ) .
rod-188 is a sedative drug structurally derived from the gabaa antagonist bicuculline .
" friday the 13th part 2 " ( 1981 ) introduced jason voorhees , the son of mrs. voorhees , as the primary antagonist , which would continue for the remaining sequels ( with exception of the fifth movie ) and related works .
alba therapeutics is developing a zonulin receptor antagonist , at-1001 , that is currently in phase 2 clinical trials .
during three campaigns in that country he proved himself a worthy antagonist to prince eugène of savoy , whom he at last defeated in 1705 at cassano in a magnificent show of courage and command over his troops , converting the impending defeat that his indolent brother , philippe , the grand prior , had incurred , into a glorious success .
the main antagonist of the third season , tritter is a " stubborn , " " vengeful , " and extremely determined police detective .
it is a non - competitive nmda antagonist and calcium channel blocker
an example of this perception of piranhas in media appears in the james bond film " you only live twice " , where a henchwoman named helga is shown being fed to pet piranhas owned by the film 's main antagonist , blofeld .
the new psi , in coalition with the centre - right , is an antagonist of the socialists who found home in the centre - left coalition led by the italian democratic socialists create an opposing weekly paper with the name of " avanti della domenica " which however ran out of funds and closed soon after .
pentolinium is a ganglionic blocking agent which acts as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist .
while engaged with him in mortal combat with bare arms , karna was about to sever the two portions of his antagonist 's body that had been united together by jara .
nsp1 could mediates the degradation of irf3 , irf5 , and irf7 by recognizing a common element of irf proteins , thereby allowing nsp1 to act as a broad - spectrum antagonist of irf function .
it contains amlodipine , a calcium channel blocker , and olmesartan medoxomil , an angiotensin-2 receptor antagonist ( arb or a2a ) .
it acts as a 5-ht1a receptor partial agonist , 5-ht2a , 5-ht2c , and 5-ht7 receptor inverse agonist , and d2 , d4 , and α1-adrenergic receptor antagonist .
it acts as an adenosine receptor antagonist .
the main antagonist of part 7 : steel ball run .
huang rong has a role in the death of the antagonist yang kang although she does not kill him directly .
several studies using either capsaicin , ph values < 6 or heat as the agonist have shown that i - rtx works as a strong competitive trpv1 antagonist in vitro .
andy turns out to be the primary antagonist of the book , being the agent of the red that relays information ( andy the messenger robot ) to a computer or another robot in thunderclap .
he voiced his opinion against the antagonist , icicle , and called the actor who portrayed the character " poor " , and stated he " got goose bumps when we saw glimpse at the fate of clark kent . "
tatanga is an alien villain and the main antagonist in " super mario land " .
flumazenil , a benzodiazepine receptor antagonist , which is used for benzodiazepine overdose , can also reverse zolpidem 's sedative / hypnotic and memory impairing effects .
in the manga spin - off series , schneizel is the series main antagonist and has knowledge of geass and c.c. , which he plans to use her for world domination .
on a recruiting trip to new york to recruit another student , dani and shan discover that the last potential student , josh foley , may be connected to a mutant - hate group called the reavers ; led by x - men antagonist donald pierce .
adverse effects associated with β2-adrenergic receptor antagonist activity ( bronchospasm , peripheral vasoconstriction , alteration of glucose and lipid metabolism ) are less common with β1-selective ( often termed " cardioselective " ) agents , however receptor selectivity diminishes at higher doses .
" crash bandicoot " is the first installment in the " crash bandicoot " series , chronicling the creation of the titular character at the hands of the series antagonist doctor neo cortex and his henchman doctor nitrus brio .
some observers of popular culture point out that the fundamental character of popeye , paralleling that of another 1930s icon , superman , is very close to the traditional view of how the u.s. sees itself as a nation : possessing uncompromising moral standards and resorting to force when threatened , or when he " ca n't stands no more " bad behavior from an antagonist .
in " suikoden iii " , he is revealed as a clone of high priest hikusaak of harmonia and serves as the game 's primary antagonist , instigating war between harmonia and the grasslands just as a fifty - year truce between the groups had ended .
featherstone and his conservative allies attacked blease for his coarse behavior , similar to a.c. haskell 's attacks of tillman in the gubernatorial election of 1890 , but once again the attacks only strengthened the candidacy of the antagonist .
pcp works primarily as an nmda receptor antagonist , which blocks the activity of the nmda receptor and , like most antiglutamatergic hallucinogens , is significantly more dangerous than other categories of hallucinogens .
" sinistar " was altered from its original arcade form for the gba version . the antagonist 's eyes no longer glow and his mouth never moves during gameplay .
smith and matthews suggest that saruman 's role is built up as a substitute for sauron — the story 's primary antagonist — who never appears directly in the book .
there is a significant third protangonist whose true nature has yet to come to light , and a " wraith " as it is called in the form of what is believed to be a new type of noble dead ( the new antagonist ) .
little is revealed about professor dementor , an antagonist obsessed with world domination schemes like doctor drakken , his sworn enemy , although dementor usually turns out to be more successful .
the lipophilic end in antagonist is varied in character and volume and interacts with the lower end of transmembrane helices s5 and s6 .
it acts as an antagonist of the cb1 receptor and agonist of the cb2 receptor .
" the spiderwick " series features fantasical beasts that shape shift , from brownies who become boggarts when angered , and the main antagonist ; mulgarath who transforms in to human , or a bird .
is the main antagonist in ' , the leader of the a group of powerful gedoushu that exudes a corpse - like stench that was sealed away three centuries ago by retsudou shiba .
in the four games , there exists a dark force , a common antagonist that threatens the solar system .
she was eventually cast as the lead antagonist in the disney channel original movie " camp rock " , which also stars demi lovato and the jonas brothers .
it is a retelling of the anglo - saxon epic poem " beowulf " from the perspective of the antagonist , grendel .
in the adventure game overseer from access software the main character tex murphy finds a gideons bible in one of the rooms of the mansion of the main antagonist of the game .
samuel sullivan , portrayed by robert knepper , was the primary antagonist of " volume 5 : redemption " .
hypothermia could be prevented by administering kor antagonist norbni to the rat .
blackie , the antagonist , was the son of the president of " col records " ( col being the spanish for cabbage , and thereby the logo of the company ) .
finally , most of the stories are basically structured as " coming - of - age " dramas , where the main protagonist ( and sometimes the main antagonist ) and most of the cast 's personalities , points of view , allegiances , goals , and actions may or may not change dramatically as events unfold .
the main antagonist of " salamander 2 " .
it has been argued that new approaches to drama and characterization played upon audience expectations acquired in the classical period : chronology may be scrambled , storylines may feature " twist endings " , and lines between the antagonist and protagonist may be blurred .
maleficent is a fictional character and the main antagonist in walt disney 's 1959 adaptation of " sleeping beauty " .
and the president of the prussian diet , von bennigsen , also a vigorous antagonist , said : " in spite of his resolute party attitude , he succeeded in gaining and retaining not only the confidence of his political friends , but also the high regard of his political opponents . "
the video shows travis mccoy , maja ivarsson , gabe saporta and william beckett walking through honolulu international airport , acting as if they were villains hired by eddie kim ( the human antagonist of " snakes on a plane " ) sneaking snakes on board in their suitcase and guitar case .
christian coulson appears as tom riddle , the main antagonist of the film .
julia rothman ( full name julia charlotte glenys rothman ) is the main antagonist in the novel " scorpia " .
abhimanyu , however , quickly felled on the earth his antagonist ’s steeds and standard and bow and charioteer .
the name " elaine " was created later in development by dave grossman , who wrote the final scenes of the game in which protagonist guybrush threepwood disrupts the wedding of antagonist lechuck and the governor .
shell 's espionage had advanced him through ranks in the military , and he eventually becomes the zealous antagonist of the story , the ' emperor apostle ' , ruler of oz , taking over for the scarecrow set in glinda 's place .
korrok : believed to be a cruel and vengeful deity worshiped by several different cultures in human history , korrok serves as the novel 's primary antagonist , with many of the demons encountered by david and john throughout the novel acting as his servants .
adimolol ( men-935 ) is antihypertensive agent which acts as a non - selective α1- , α2- , and β-adrenergic receptor antagonist .
names of mohanlal , amitabh bachchan , sanjay dutt , nana patekar and prakash raj cropped up for the portrayal of the antagonist 's role in the film .
dane vogel is the head of special projects for the ultor unlimited corporation and the game 's main antagonist .
though he acts as the antagonist of the film , he is not considered evil by fans since niju was influenced by fear rather than greed , which steele from the first film , was driven by .
cleon and/or paphlagonian : the antagonist is another ambiguous character - he represents a real person , cleon , and a comic monstrosity , paphlagonian .
red claw , voiced by pete sepenuk , is a " tyrannosaurus " , and the primary antagonist in the tv series .
breuil 's interpretation of the drawing as a shaman strongly influenced writer pat mills in the creation of the lord weird slough feg , sorcerer , god , and early antagonist of the ongoing comic book title slaine .
a histamine antagonist is an agent that inhibits the release or action of histamine .
a second , alternate incarnation of the character was the antagonist of the initial tm !
he is based on the " zyuranger " villain great satan , who is the ultimate antagonist in that show .
eight issues later , conway and andru introduced the punisher as a conflicted antagonist for spider - man .
in " prize comics " # 11 ( june 1941 ) , briefer dropped the " frank n. stein " pen name of the previous three stories and introduced denny " bulldog " dunsan as frankenstein 's ongoing antagonist . " prize comics " # 24 ( oct. 1942 ) pitted the monster against bulldog and publisher prize comics ' superheroes the black owl , the green lama , and dr. frost ; the non - superpowered teens yank and doodle ( " america 's fighting twins " ) ; and the namesake characters from the humor feature " general and the corporal " .
each entry in the series revolves around three main characters : guybrush threepwood ( the protagonist ) ; elaine marley ( the primary foil as the object of guybrush and lechuck 's affection ) ; and lechuck ( the primary antagonist ) .
an antagonist blocks a receptor from activation by agonists .
the primary antagonist of the series , professor big bang was once professor hajime 's partner when he was originally known as professor deikun .
the current accepted definition of receptor antagonist is based on the receptor occupancy model .
it is a synthetic 17-lactone drug that is a renal competitive aldosterone antagonist in a class of pharmaceuticals called potassium - sparing diuretics , used primarily to treat heart failure , ascites in patients with liver disease , low - renin hypertension , hypokalemia , secondary hyperaldosteronism ( such as occurs with hepatic cirrhosis ) , and conn 's syndrome ( primary hyperaldosteronism ) .
he is an antagonist , but he is a better general than haz'kam , who cares about his men and does n't want to risk their lives .
it was previously believed to act as a selective 5-ht1a receptor antagonist , but a subsequent discovery showed that it also potently blocks the α2-adrenergic receptor .
on the dvd audio commentary for the film " the 40-year - old virgin " that film 's director judd apatow credits bowe as the inspiration for the film 's boner jams 03 joke , saying that during the making of " heavyweights " ( on which apatow served as a writer and bowe portrayed a minor antagonist role ) bowe had displayed a mix tape he had compiled of his favorite scenes from various pornographic films .
they infused the ampa receptor antagonist cnqx into hvi during acquisition training and found that cnqx - infused rabbits did not learn the eyeblink cr .
dotarizine is a drug used in the treatment of migraine , which acts as a calcium channel blocker , and also as an antagonist at the 5ht2a receptor , and to a lesser extent at the 5ht1a and 5ht2c receptors .
this is one of the very few shorts in which jerry is not an antagonist , instead he is extremely sympathetic to tom 's plight and even tries to stop or intervene to the point of saving the cat 's life .
the darcys are at first smitten with each other , they literally can not keep their hands off each other , when elizabeth is captured by an antagonist in the story by the name of tom reed .
the are a group of fictional characters who are the antagonist of the super sentai series " kyōryū sentai zyuranger " .
princely’ character ( can be said as perfect personality ) , and a ‘ " black"’ personality that he shows to hino kahoko and we only see from volume 4 of the manga onwards ( he shows his " black " side to hino at the end of episode 11 and the first few minute in episode 12 ) , this personality is similar to that of an antagonist in a way that he is deceiving everyone and picks on hino whenever they ’re alone .
seras 's signature weapons are named after the main antagonist of frank herbert 's novel " dune " , baron vladimir harkonnen .
some formulations of buprenorphine are manufactured in pill form with the opiate antagonist naloxone to prevent addicts from crushing the tablets and injecting them instead of taking them sublingually ( under the tongue ) .
chemical structures of the first generation 5-ht3 receptor antagonist can be categorized to three main classes
treatment of lomotil overdose must be initiated immediately after diagnosis and may include the following : emesis ( induced vomiting ) , gastric lavage , ingestion of activated charcoal , laxative and a counteracting medication ( narcotic antagonist ) .
the end result of their trials was cimetidine , an h2-receptor antagonist superior to both burimamide and metiamide .
the ministerial antagonist to the doomwatch team , determined to keep the department following the government line , was played by john barron , better known as ' cj ' from the comedy series " the fall and rise of reginald perrin " .
there the ghassanids faced the lakhmids , another powerful arab tribe who were in turn the chief client of byzantium 's chief antagonist , the sassanid persian empire .
it is a military faction which , over the 10 years it was in existence , has established supremacy over the rest of its rebellious kind in mär - heaven ; its notoriety for being the predominantly antagonist organization enjoys a prestige of such the name of chess pieces has become a taboo for generations to come .
on the death of strafford ( 12 may 1641 ) hamilton was confronted by a new antagonist in james graham , 5th earl of montrose , who detested both his character and policy and repudiated his supremacy in scotland .
emperor otto destruct is the main antagonist of ' .
mundus serves as the main antagonist during the first " devil may cry " , and created trish so she can lure dante to mallet island .
. nayantara plays the female lead role , while kannada filmdom superstar , realstar upendra plays the role of the antagonist .
cimetidine was the culmination of a project at smith , kline & french ( sk&f ; now glaxosmithkline ) by james w. black , c. robin ganellin , and others to develop a histamine receptor antagonist to suppress stomach acid secretion .
the creeper is a fictional character and the main antagonist in the 2001 horror film " jeepers creepers " and its 2003 sequel " jeepers creepers ii " .
it is an estrogen receptor antagonist with no agonist effects , which works both by down - regulating and by degrading the estrogen receptor .
ruler of blood and queen of the greater fiends , elizébet is the main antagonist of ninja gaiden ii .
in the first three parts , alodar learns enough of a particular type of magic to make a notable achievement , but the antagonist of that part usurps alodar 's credit and becomes a recognized suitor to the queen .
missions allow the player character to participate in the major events of the storyline , such as significant battles against the main antagonist .
during this exchange q reveals that , contrary to his seeming role as antagonist , he has in fact advocated on humanity 's behalf in spite of the wishes of the other members of the continuum .
