it is said that at dusk , on the anniversary of his death every year , an apparition of the battle itself appears on the lawns of the great house , and has been reported by many servants from the house through the years since sir edmund 's death .
some authors have cited this passage as laso de la vega 's admission of his debt to sánchez for providing him a text on which to base his translation and paraphrasement of the apparition narrative .
. apparition is eventually revealed to be half - carggite , with phase as another of her bodies .
in later years catholic nationalists used the apparition to symbolically challenge queen victoria and her descendants ' position in ireland using for " our lady of knock " the title " our lady , queen of ireland " .
the apparition shares characteristics with vampires and with " strigoi " : she is believed to be drinking the blood of cattle and that of a young family member .
in the novels , harry refers to this as " apparition " but this may be because of harry 's inexperience and not fact .
tomsky says only two men , her husband and , later on , her young lover , ever learned her secret , because she was warned by an apparition to beware a " third suitor " who would try to force it from her .
the celestial apparition anointed the lady with a miraculous cure and as a token of supreme gratitude , she embraced christianity .
on the evening of the 28th , he was carried up the hill toward the site of the apparition by his parents .
and by the end of the process , as the hand at times angrily , other times with decided deliberation , throws away the hair , the once empty canvas has become an eerily and powerfully resonant image , full of characters -- there stands a hint of a cloud , and here the apparition of simorgh , the wise bird of iranian mythology .
during this residence , numerous works were written and performed , among them " apparition de la cité d'or " , composed as the required piano piece for the gold medal competition .
in early 2007 , lieven scheire made a weekly apparition on één - talkshow de laatste show .
. apparition begs him not to tell her mother and he reluctantly respects her wishes .
the desired body disclosed in the darkness - which is not a question of the time of day or night but of life as it is on this planet - the desired body , disclosed like an apparition , beckons beyond , not by provocative gesture but by the undisguised fact of its own sentience , promising the universe lying on the far side of that skin , calling you to leave .
since 2001 the apparition of the dallay catalog has had a major effect on the french philatelist public by providing larger pictures of stamps and information not found in the yvert et tellier catalogs , such as the name of the artiste and/or engraver , first date of issue , use , etc .
instead of being a head hunter , however , god a ' is a demonic apparition often shown in the illusionistic act of self - decapitation .
is a moderately - sized , corporeal apparition that somewhat resembles the disembodied head of a human female .
however , he grossly overestimated himself : not only was his avatar defeated numerous times , namely by guts and zodd ( whose combined strength managed to actually wound the emperor through his apparition ) and then by griffith , who dissolved it with little to no effort , but in the mere presence of the hawk , ganishka was completely overwhelmed and humiliated .
a terrible apparition confronted scydrothemis in a dream , forbidding him to delay further the purposes of the god .
greene will be reuniting with her " twilight " co - star kellan lutz in the upcoming movie " warrior " and will also be starring in an upcoming thriller film , " summer 's blood " , as well as the dark castle entertainment production " the apparition " , which will begin filming on february 1 , 2010 .
the apparition is “ by no means invisible ” and can be seen “ in a certain light . ”
this differs from conventional werewolfery , where the creature is a living being rather than an undead apparition .
comet halley , for example , is usually very bright when it passes through the inner solar system every seventy - six years , but during its 1986 apparition , its closest approach to earth was almost the most distant possible .
it is used in foresight magic , diverse magical ceremonies and in brewing apparition wine ( 환영주 , 幻影酒 ) .
the parish owes its origin to the story of this apparition .
james describes townsend as a " statue , " an " apparition , " and " a knight in a poem . "
a terrified macbeth sees him , while the apparition is invisible to his guests .
kibweteere did , and he was particularity struck by her claim of a marian apparition near his home , which related to a vision he himself had five years earlier .
they performed coition with [ the sight ] of the apparition ; the negro came into being through that [ novel ] kind of coition " ( bundahishn , ) .
the basilica of our lady of the pillar was built in zaragoza , spain and a key piece of roman catholic marian art , the statue of " our lady of the pillar " , refers to this apparition .
as he lay dying in his tent , eltharion was visited in his dreams by the apparition of his dead father , who brought terrible news .
on account of the slow mail facilities of the time , mrs. burton did not hear of the governor ’s death until three weeks after it occurred , and she then learned that he had died at the very hour when the apparition had appeared to her and her carriage driver .
the apparition consisted of three different stages .
he painted an " apparition of the virgin to st. barbara " in bassano .
while spending the night at palmer 's place , kiden is once again visited by the apparition of her dead father , who gives her the address to a nearby hotel and a room number , and orders her to go as soon as possible .
meanwhile , the real apparition was present at the official disbanding of the legion of super - heroes in the wake of the rift disaster by ra 's al ghul , who was then posing as the united planets ' president leland mccauley .
bernadette described that the apparition was dressed in a flowing white robe , with a blue sash around her waist .
this most likely means it resembles the forms of ghosts known as ectoplasm or ghostly mist whose next stage in form once fed enough prana is a full bodied apparition .
it has a well known marian apparition .
hebei is also home to the town of donglu , site of an alleged marian apparition and pilgrimage center .
according to one story , first appearing in a posthumous biography in 1475 and later embellished and popularized by pierre - simon laplace , calixtus iii excommunicated the 1456 apparition of halley 's comet , believing it to be an ill omen for the christian defenders of belgrade , who were at that time being besieged by the armies of the ottoman empire .
for example , " ( 1p/1982 u1 , 1986 iii , 1982i " indicates that for the perihelion in 1986 , halley 's comet was the first period comet known ( designated 1p ) and this apparition was the first seen in " half - month " u ( the first half of november ) in 1982 ( giving 1p/1982 u1 ) ; it was the third comet past perihelion in 1986 ( 1986 iii ) ; and it was the ninth comet spotted in 1982 ( provisional designation 1982i ) .
he is a human - shaped apparition composed of pure energy , with a single eye - shaped object located where a person 's stomach would be .
when he reaches the mausoleum , he is met by a mysterious elven apparition , tieru , who reveals that the demon sovereign is attempting to summon an apocalyptic demon messiah .
he copied more than 500 pre - columbian inscriptions and made his own drawings of monuments and sculptures , and he investigated the history of the apparition of the virgin of guadalupe on the hill of tepeyac .
the historian raoul glaber , monk of cluny abbey who died in 1050 , was at the priory of st. léger in this diocese when he was touched by divine grace on the occasion of an apparition .
the sound of moaning can be heard on misty nights and some people claim to see an apparition wandering the grounds that is believed to be radan muller 's ghost .
the school was given its name in honor of the centenary of the apparition of the virgin mary at lourdes in france .
notable buildings include the chapel dedicated to our lady of the miraculous medal and st. joseph school , a school run by the sisters of st. joseph of the apparition .
twenty - three cures were attributed to the mountain spring in the first year after the apparition .
the basilica of our lady of copacabana was built in bolivia , near the " isla del sol " where the sun god was believed to be born , in the 16th century , to commemorate the apparition of the virgin of copacabana ; in cuba the virgin named " caridad del cobre " was allegedly seen in the beginning of the 16th century , a case consigned in the " archivo general de indias " ; in brazil our lady of aparecida was declared in 1929 official patron saint of the country by pope pius xi ; our lady of luján in argentina ; " la negrita " in costa rica ...
the apparition did not flicker or move in any way .
” her neighbors went where the woman was to find out that the apparition of the virgin mary was real .
the only things that show up are a hungry stray dog named prince that starts feeding on gerald 's body and a terrifying , deformed apparition that may or may not be real , whom jessie first mistakes for the ghost of her long dead father but dismisses it later .
not only are there ghostly children in this building ; the eerie apparition of a man is often seen walking its halls .
afterwards he felt a tug on his clothing , although when he turned around he saw an apparition of a boy in nineteenth century clothing .
one of the last and most famous of the legends is regarding the apparition at sea , in the beach of " morla " , in the municipal territory of palos , close to the monastery .
also relevant to determining the supernatural character of an apparition site would be any miraculous cures that take place .
samuel goldwyn films , apparition , etc ) .
local traditions take the history of this basilica to the dawn of christianity in spain attributing to an apparition to st james the greater , an apostle who had brought christianity to the country .
on february 2 , 1866 he published a written rebuttal of the allegations made against the apparition .
a glowing apparition of david burke appears , saying that his sickness was a means to become something more .
the only approval for a marian apparition in the 21st century was granted to the reported visions of jesus and mary by benoite rencurel in saint - étienne - le - laus in france from 1664 to 1718 .
velankanni can be traced to the mid-16th century and is attributed to three miracles : the apparition of mary and the christ child to a slumbering shepherd boy , the curing of a lame buttermilk vendor , and the rescue of portuguese sailors from a violent sea storm .
every green lane had its boulder - stone on which an apparition kept watch at night .
appropriate care provided by nurses and further precautions after leaving the medical center can contribute to adequate healing and limits the possibility of the apparition of an infection .
news about the apparition became widespread and many people came to visit the cathedral that would temporarily house the painting .
since the time of pius v it has been formalized as " apparitio s. michaelis " although it originally did not commemorate the apparition , but the victory of the barbarian lombards over the orthodox greeks , faithful subjects of the byzantine emperor in the east and the patriarch of constantinople , and thorns in the papal side .
on july 2 and 6 1851 both children wrote down an account of the apparition and of the secrets the virgin mary communicated to them .
the comet has an unfavorable apparition in 2010 , because during perihelion ( closest approach to the sun ) , the comet will only be 10 degrees from the sun as seen from earth .
the ruins of the chapel are on the west side of the valley but local tradition holds that the apparition itself occurred at st mary ’s rock which stands in the midst of the stream next to the ruins of ridley mill .
he initially does not join the legion but instead joins a rival group called the workforce , and is briefly romantically linked to spider girl ( sussa paka ) before meeting and falling in love with apparition , the post - zero hour incarnation of phantom girl , when the workforce and legion are stranded on planet hell , a prison complex located inside the sun .
the motives of the decision , which rested on the work of rousselot and that of the commission of 1847 , were the impossibility of explaining the events in human manner , the miracles and cures , the spiritual fruits of the apparition , notably conversions and finally the right expectations and desires of large crowds of priests and faithful .
ロケット団七変化"roketto - dan shichihenge / rocket gang 's seven apparition "
there are further appearances of this apparition and they realise that it is targeting lady carmichael .
an apparition of a mysterious woman can be seen in the window and a rotting black veil is found inside a secret compartment in a window - seat .
countering criticism by traditionalists , whistler 's supporters insisted that the painting was " an apparition with a spiritual content " and that it epitomized his theory that art should essentially be concerned with the arrangement of colors in harmony , not with a literal portrayal of the natural world .
according to tradition , the chapel was named for an apparition of christ which supposedly occurred on the rocks that border the cuxcahuaco which crosses this property .
many mystics take the word " vision " to be synonymous with apparition .
according to tradition , the rosary was given to saint dominic in an apparition by the blessed virgin mary in the year 1214 in the church of prouille .
moreover , in her final apparition , during the miracle of the sun , one of the three seers , lucia , saw our lady of mount carmel .
the king , himself , however is unconvinced , and , amidst the apparition of fiery demons , fire and brimstone , declares his intention to retire into a cave and die in the act of sodomising his favorite - pockenello .
charlie appeared one last time , in october 2000 , as an apparition , warning his son nick to change his ways .
he did not claim a marian apparition , but a locution , i.e. an internal voice .
ultra boy and apparition remain extremely close in the following months , rarely being seen without the other by their side .
unfortunately , both of them were among a group of legionnaires stranded in another galaxy ( " legion lost " ) by a collapsing rift , during which time imra also created a psychic projection of apparition to stabilize ultra boy .
they appear to be astonished at the sight of the apparition .
a 2½-mile procession from our lady of guadalupe shrine to the top of mount rubidoux promotes awareness of juan diego 's walk up tepeyac hill , in 1531 , where he reportedly saw a marian apparition known as our lady of guadalupe .
at first he was unsure of the meaning of the apparition , but in the following night he had a dream in which christ explained to him that he should use the sign against his enemies .
according to tradition , the rosary was given to saint dominic in an apparition by the blessed virgin mary in the year 1214 in the church of prouille .
employees , patrons , and passersby have all reported seeing the apparition of a young girl in a dress , with most reports detailing her looking out various windows that overlook the rear of the building .
the next year he authorized the publication of the rousselot report , which affirmed the reality of the apparition .
this idea first appears in robert de boron 's " joseph d'arimathie " , in which joseph receives the grail from an apparition of jesus and sends it with his followers to britain .
one of them is an apparition of a fully nude deceased young woman .
above the main portal there is a relief done in cantera which depicts the apparition of a cross - bearing christ to saint ignatius of loyola , flanked by statues of saint gertrude and saint barbara .
she and apparition are sucked into the realm within the touchstone and discover that they both identify themselves as tinya wazzo .
fr . kieran kavanaugh , ocd , writes that " from a scholar 's historical point of view , we must admit that there is a lack of documentary evidence that would demonstrate irrefutably the truth or historicity of the apparition .
the forerunner of the st. josephs convent schools was st. ann ’s convent schools which the bishop established with the help of the sisters of st. joseph of the apparition from france .
in the battle that followed as mpanzu 's followers tried to storm the city , he was defeated , according to afonso , when his men saw an apparition of saint james the great and the holy ghost in the sky .
they all saw nothing of the apparition which the children were describing to them .
1789 apparition .
god ’s mother ’s foot is a rock footprint left after apparition of virgin mary in the pillar of fire on the rocks in pochayiv around 1240 after prayers of monk - refugees from kiev destroyed by mongol - tatars .
post - apparition .
she glided on and off the stage like an apparition .
in one of them moberly claimed to have seen in the louvre in 1914 an apparition of the roman emperor constantine , a man of unusual height wearing a gold crown and a toga ; he was not observed by anybody else .
the best - known community outside of the municipal seat is chalma , which is famous for being the sanctuary of the lord of chalma , an apparition of a crucified black christ .
pope benedict xv began pacelli 's church career , elevating him to archbishop in the sistine chapel on 13 may 1917 , the date of the first reported apparition .
harper 's appearance and disappearance in this scene are sudden so fans speculated that this was actually an apparition or manifestation of the island 's black smoke monster .
according to tradition , the construction occurred after an apparition of the virgin mary .
it features the artist singing " the one that got away " to an apparition conjured up in the lonely after hours down on " heartattack and vine " .
apparition of the virgin to st bernard ( filippino lippi ) .
the story of an apparition of the virgin dates from the 18th century .
details of the apparition .
kristine sutherland appeared in " buffy " four times after joyce 's death : as willow witnesses buffy 's memory of baby dawn being brought home by joyce and hank ; in a toxin - induced hallucination where buffy remained a mental patient and her entire life as the slayer was all an elaborate delusion ; as a possible manifestation of the first evil , visiting dawn in the guise of joyce 's ghost ( it is unclear if this apparition is indeed the first , though whedon and jane espenson have said that was their intention ) ; and in buffy 's dream , it is never stated whether her appearance in buffy 's dream was actually joyce 's spirit contacting her , a manifestation of the first , or just a simple dream .
coneys remained in the vacant house with the occasional signs of his occupation written off as an apparition or local pranksters .
it depicts the apparition of the barefoot virgin and naked child to two peasants on a pilgrimage ; or as some say it is the quickening of the iconic statue of the virgin .
the apparition ended after lasting about three hours .
by the power of these wisdom displays he appears in countless worlds of the ten directions as the magical apparition of nirmanakayas who tame beings .
after convincing her that he is not an apparition , the two join in an ecstatic duet .
when kronnitt punishes desak 's people - despite the sacrifice - the apparition returns and this time desak accepts the gem .
recent releases from the vatican secret archives may have clarified the situation to some extent , but some controversy still remains attached to this apparition .
unlike her brother , her physical appearance reflects her true age , although in the anime she projects the apparition of a younger woman when speaking to
in the confusion , apparition vanishes and umbra leaves the ship to go down to a nearby planet and sighs when she is about to be attacked by a flying , white - haired man with a glowing fist .
since his love was not " true "— he did not want to die for love — he was actually punished by the gods , first by giving him only the apparition of his former wife in the underworld , and then by being killed by women .
donglu was the site of a marian apparition in 1900 during the boxer rebellion .
this jack may have been some type of " apparition " created by an insane scarlet witch rather than the actual jack of hearts , starting the crisis known as " avengers disassembled " .
three versions of the apparition are shown intermittently to confuse the viewer - one with the figure , one where it is slightly faded out , and one where it is n't seen at all .
similarly , when castile and aragon were united in the fifteenth century , the range of the catalan name was reduced to simply mean " from catalonia " and confusion about the origin of the language led to the apparition of names such as " llemosí " ( lemosin ) .
the apparition is also deeply unsettling to macbeth , who not only wants the throne for himself , but also desires to father a line of kings .
while searching the tavern eve sees the apparition of a man dragging a woman , who both pass through her .
other , currently minor characters include bleedheart , ruler of the as - of - yet unseen sorrow sanctum , and mindsnare , the mysterious apparition who sends hansel into dystopius .
the series tends to introduce only one new heroine per chapter , each involved with a different " apparition " .
however , to date only one single example of a combined weeping statue and apparition ( namely our lady of akita ) has been approved by the vatican and the rest have usually been dismissed as hoaxes .
halley 's 1910 apparition is distinct from the great daylight comet of 1910 , which surpassed halley in brilliance and was actually visible in broad daylight for a short period , approximately four months before halley made its appearance .
the comet was lost after its 1930 apparition , but was observed several more times .
the most favorable apparition of 10p / tempel 2 was in 1925 when it came within 0.35 au of the earth with an apparent magnitude of 6.5 .
the fifth section is a post - apparition biography of juan diego , detailing his pious life and devotion to the virgin and her image .
in 1646 , an apparition of the virgin mary launched the church as a marian sanctuary ; the elegant baroque belfry and the adjacent cloister date from the 17th century .
its second meaning is apparition or ghost .
newton first used the word spectrum ( latin for " appearance " or " apparition " ) in print in 1671 in describing his experiments in optics .
the marian apparition was subsequently investigated and proclaimed worthy of belief by pope julius ii .
the first story he sold to another magazine was " the apparition in the prize ring , " a boxing - related ghost story published in the magazine " ghost stories " .
the owner later saw the apparition as well and claimed that it did not like men .
the development of ontologies for the web has led to the apparition of services providing lists or directories of ontologies with search facility .
apparition ( album ) .
in december 1975 , clemente domínguez founded his own religious order , " the carmelites of the holy face " , allegedly upon instructions from the blessed virgin mary in an apparition .
dr. françois rouquerol , an ear , nose and throat specialist who accompanied the montpellier team , saw no reaction to 90 decibels of engine noise directed into the ears of the visionaries during the apparition , an indication of a " disconnection of the auditory pathways during the ecstasy . "
there is no specific vision or apparition associated with our lady of aparecida , and it is based on a simple wooden statue of the blessed virgin ( found by fishermen ) which over the centuries drew millions of pilgrims , based on its reported healing powers .
the shrine of our lady of guadalupe is a catholic shrine dedicated to the blessed virgin mary in the apparition of our lady of guadalupe located in la crosse , wisconsin .
later , kelvin causes her to panic when she discovers the clothes of the first apparition and tries to leave the room .
this apparition concerned terrible things that would happen during these latter times .
while waiting outside , he sees yemi again , and follows the apparition to give his confession .
according to father salvatore m. perrella of the mariunum pontifical institute in rome , this is the 12th marian apparition approved by the holy see from a total of 295 that have been studied through the centuries .
in some tellings an apparition is seen ; in others the ghost pushes the teller into the water if he or she looks over the side of the bridge in order to save him from being run over as he was in life .
the ruins have become renowned as one of the most haunted locations in leicestershire due to the site 's association with a ' white lady ' apparition , most commonly seen drifting across the a512 , the most famous instance of which is that said to have occurred in 1954 , when a ' bus driver is said to have stopped to pick up a female waiting by the lonely shelter opposite the ruins , only to find that she had vanished on drawing up his vehicle .
the construction of a sanctuary at the site of the apparition was announced by the bishop of grenoble in another pastoral letter on may 1 , 1852 , which was swiftly followed by the feastly throwing of the first stone may 25 .
he organized pilgrimages to marian shrines in loreto and lourdes at the fiftieth anniversary of the apparition .
and avoid mainstream society : spectral apparition , polychrome ; amphibious spitfire ,
bishop john shojiro ito of the roman catholic diocese of niigata who had been an eyewitness to some of the events at akita initially approved the apparition in 1984 .
this apparition , described as a dark eastern man with a beard and large black eyes , wearing a flowing robe and a peculiar conical cap , arranged with felkin to meet him in exactly one month in the lounge of the carlton hotel in london .
the sequence leaves open whether this manifestation of dana was consciously imagined by alice , a splinter of alice 's psyche , or an apparition that haunts alice against her will .
zor - el was featured in issue # 16 as he appeared as an apparition and explained what truly happened to kara , and why she was sent to earth to kill kal - el , in a dream sequence .
in the post - zero hour continuity , she is known as apparition .
the town is noted by catholics in spain and latin america as a place of veneration of the virgin of candelaria near the apparition .
in 1949 a local priest , father ermelindo vigano , proposed that madonna del ghisallo ( the apparition ) be declared the patroness of cyclists .
our lady gave the message to st james and added that a church was to be built on the site where the apparition took place .
with kant comes a transition in philosophy from this dichotomy to the dichotomy of the apparition / conditions - of - appearance .
apparition visits ultra boy , who 's on the hull of the outpost - now fully integrated with the progeny tug - trying to make connections for an experimental drive brainiac plans to try out .
noted as much for his outlandish appearance as for his piratical success , in combat blackbeard placed burning slow - match ( a type of slow - burning fuse used to set off cannon ) under his hat ; with his face wreathed in fire and smoke , his victims claimed he resembled a fiendish apparition from hell .
shortly after this apparition , a plague swept through the area devastating lakeside and valley towns and villages , but leaving cannobio relatively unscathed .
for years he has lived there in peace , quietly going about his trade until , one night , a strange apparition appears before him - a beautiful young woman that vanishes in an instant .
sight of the apparition .
in another apparition , she apparently saw herself defeating a savage egyptian , and her interpretation of this was that she would have to do battle not merely with wild beasts but with the devil himself .
our lady of zeitoun , also known simply as el - zeitoun , zeitun or rarely our lady of light , was a mass marian apparition that occurred in the zeitoun district of cairo , egypt , over a period of 2–3 years beginning on april 2 , 1968 .
in " end of days " , he reappears , first as an apparition to gwen , then , in his shop , a stitch in time , where he reveals that he is able to travel between eras at will .
gallery of apparition - based marian churches .
a spirit of a dog was captured ; it is said that the dog was a spotted fox terrier ; the apparition of the dog was caught running into the dining room in the house .
he tells the apparition that he loves her , puts the gun in his mouth and then pulls the trigger .
the image of the holy child is taken in procession from the castle to the site of his supposed apparition , now a hermitage , for a " rociera " ( flamenco ) mass followed by dancing , singing , eating and drinking until dawn .
the town of aparecida , brazil , houses two basilicas dedicated to the national patron saint , the " appeared --from the apparition of the-- immaculate conception of the blessed virgin mary " , better known as nossa senhora da conceição aparecida , or our lady of aparecida : the " old basilica " , built between 1760 and 1770 and restored from 1824 to 1834 , which was established as a minor basilica by pope saint pius x in 1908 , and the " new basilica , " dedicated by pope john paul ii in 1980 .
shortly afterward , the blight 's damage to the stargate network sends many of the legionnaires through rift in space to a " second galaxy " ; once again , ultra boy and apparition are separated .
our lady of zeitoun was a mass marian apparition that occurred in the zeitoun district of cairo , egypt , over a period of 2–3 years beginning on april 2 , 1968 .
our lady of hope is the title given to the virgin mary on her apparition at pontmain , france on january 17 , 1871 .
many people were uncomfortable with the lack of any mention of the apparition of the virgin mary as our lady of guadalupe or zumárraga 's construction of a chapel in her honor .
he received mélanie in private audience december 3 , 1878 to discuss the clerical rule given to her by the virgin mary during the apparition and meant for the foundation of a new religious order called order of the apostles of the last days , and their female equivalent the order of the mother of god .
in february 2010 was casted for the thriller film the apparition .
apparition .
the vision is now called our lady of the pillar and is the only reported marian apparition before her assumption .
" apparition of face and fruit dish on a beach " ( 1938 ) is a painting by the spanish surrealist salvador dalí .
in february 21 , 1339 , there was the battle of parabiago between lodrisio visconti , with his army named " compagnia di san giorgio " ( " saint george 's company " ) , and lodrisio with his nephew azzone , for the dominius in the duchy of milan ; the battle was won by milanese regular army , with the miraculous saint ambrose 's apparition .
many people were imprisoned and executed in the castle , and it is supposedly haunted by several spectres , the most terrifying of these beings is a small hunched creature whose apparition is said to be accompanied by a rotting stench of a decomposing corpse and the smell of sulphur .
on the fiftieth anniversary of the apparition in fatima , paul vi made a pilgrimage there , the first ever by a pope .
in october 2006 , on the statue 's 75th anniversary , archbishop of rio cardinal eusebio oscar scheid consecrated a chapel ( named for the patron saint of brazil — nossa senhora aparecida , or " our lady of the apparition , " ) under the statue .
stafford poole and former abbot of the basilica of guadalupe , guillermo schulenburg , have rejected the historicity of the apparition accounts .
it is most noted for an apparition of the virgin mary that was reported in 1846 by two shepherd children , mélanie calvat and maximin giraud , followed by numerous accounts of miraculous healings .
in the vicinity there is also the old parish church and the mysterious " pjazza tad - dehra " ( square of the apparition ) where it is believed that our lady has spoken to a local shepherd anġlu grech .
the origin of the capuciati is traced to a poor carpenter of le puy , named durand , who claimed to have had an apparition of the blessed virgin mary in 1182 .
in any case this apparition gives the viewer yet more evidence that something is not quite right with tsukiko .
there is a stained glass window of the resurrection by marcello avelani , bronze doors and ceramic saints by angelo biancini , mosaic stations of the cross by giovanni haynal , a cruzifix by umberto bartoli , a 16th - century madonna and child , a last supper by giovanni stradano and the apparition of the sacred heart by antonio ciseri ( 1880 ) .
having passed her test – willingly placing his head on a block while morgause held an axe as though about to behead him – and proven his honour , morgause summoned an apparition of what appeared to be arthur 's mother , which revealed that uther had used magic to ensure arthur 's birth .
back in the desert , the couple come across an array of different characters : a man and his blind son begging for blood ( which they extract from lis but the father drinks and leaves nothing for his son ) , a party of transvestites ( who cross - dress fando and lis ) and an apparition of fando 's mother ( who is then shown in a flashback along young fando , in which we see her death and how she taunted fando 's father - her servants are the young women from act ii ) , now begging to be killed .
the multitude of indians who asked for baptism , said to have greatly increased after the apparition of our lady of guadalupe in 1531 , forced the missionaries to adopt a special form for administering this sacrament .
it is most noted for an apparition of the virgin mary that was reported in 1846 by two shepherd children , mélanie calvat and maximin giraud , followed by numerous accounts of miraculous healings .
the apparition trail " is an alternate - history fantasy which posits an 1884 western canada where the power imbalance between the first nations and european settlers exists in a universe with magic and alternate physics .
these wrote the account down september 20 , 1846 , the day after the apparition , in a letter .
at the time of the first apparition vicka was sixteen years old .
with its perspective , space - enlarging illusory architecture and with the apparition of the heavenly assembly whirling above , the ensemble offered an example which was copied in several italian , austrian and german churches of the jesuit order .
mercy lewis v. giles corey : the deposition of mercy lewis aged about 19 years who testified and said that on the 14th of april 1692 " i saw the apparition of giles corey come and afflict me urging me to write in his book and so he continued most dreadfully to hurt me by times beating me & almost breaking my back tell the day of his examination being the 19th of april and then also during the time of his examination he did affect and tortor me most greviously : and also several times sense urging me vehemently to write in his book and i veryly believe in my heart that giles corey is a dreadful wizard for sense he had been in prison he or his appearance has come and most greviously tormented me .
the latest is " apparition in the woods " , released in november 2009 .
the governess tries to force flora to admit that the apparition is close to them , but flora merely hurls invective at the governess .
yoko keeps watch , and she and rudy discover that the ' apparition ' is a renegade medic using ingrid as a test subject for a kind of artificial blood .
there is also a possibility of confusion with hand , foot and mouth disease due to apparition of lesions on the skin .
" the apparition " is an upcoming thriller film directed and written by todd lincoln , and starring ashley greene , sebastian stan and luke pasqualino .
tiresias ' impressive apparition in " odyssey " xi kept his image a lively one , and the figure of tiresias has been much - invoked by fiction writers and poets .
history of the bayside marian apparition .
the most important landmark of alanno is the renaissance church of " santa maria delle grazie " , built around 1485 to venerate a miraculous apparition of the madonna .
jack stump reports that he has seen a ghost in the woods called soakes 's lonesome , named for a local family of moonshiners , and one night ned himself sees a strange apparition and later finds a skeleton hidden deep within the woods .
then a bath of molten lead was prepared ; when the apparition of christ stepped into the cauldron with him , the fire went out and the lead became cold .
a ghostly apparition of chiba appears and reveals that she has in fact been in love with tokita this whole time and has simply been repressing these emotions .
percy shelley 's drama " prometheus unbound " ( 1820 ) contains the following passage in act i : " ere babylon was dust , / the magus zoroaster , my dear child , / met his own image walking in the garden . / that apparition , sole of men , he saw . /
january 8 , moreover , is celebrated every year the solemn ceremony of the vote in san severino by the municipal administration , during which it remembers the apparition of the patron saint .
the baby in her childish way reached out with her little arms towards the apparition and showed signs of joy .
the statue of the virgin mary was sculpted by nicolò da venezia in 1430 , two years after the second apparition to a local peasant named vincenza pasini .
jason begins killing those who occupy crystal lake , and after a battle with tina , is dragged back to the bottom of the lake by an apparition of tina 's father . ' ( 1989 ) sees jason return from the grave , brought back to life via an underwater electrical cable .
the our lady of sheshan is another , similar apparition which has attained like acclamation and fame among chinese christians .
other manifestations of the cult of a deity are the preservation of relics or the creation of images , such as icons ( usually connoting a flat painted image ) or three - dimensional cultic images , denigrated as " idols " , and the specification of sacred places , hilltops and mountains , fissures and caves , springs , pools and groves , or even individual trees or stones , which may be the seat of an oracle or the venerated site of a vision , apparition , miracle or other occurrence commemorated or recreated in cult practices .
according to miguel sánchez ’s account of the apparition , when the paining was placed in the cathedral church , “ all the city learned of it ; and everyone was moved to such a degree that all wanted to see face to face this miracle so new ; and devotion hurried everyone to come together in christian gatherings .
the original l.e.g.i.o.n. already had predecessors and outright ancestors of future legionnaires ( and even a legion founder and what turned out to be a third of the half - carggite apparition ) like strata of dryad but that was n't by design , unlike the new r.e.b.e.l.s.
this marian apparition received the title of our lady of the rosary .
the bag had likely been left the previous day , on may 13 , the twentieth anniversary of the attack on the pope and the eighty - fourth anniversary of the fátima apparition of 1917 .
the marian apparition of our lady of fátima on a remote mountain top to three young portuguese children in 1917 also seemed fanciful and the local administrator initially jailed the children and threatened that he would boil them one by one in a pot of oil .
on such occasions , he shows himself as an apparition bearing the appearance of a pygmy .
" front national " and " mouvement national républicain " made parallel campaigns with their respective militants for jean - marie le pen 's candidature , excepted for a major " front national 's " rally in lyon on march 11th , 2007 where mégret made an apparition within the guest ( however , he did'nt speak at the tribune ) .
this all happened rather suddenly and without an apparent cause , like an apparition or a miracle .
eventually the boat arrived at the spot where the monastery was situated and they decided to dedicate an altar there to that image of that apparition .
as the apparition ended , she stood and exited the room with the visionaries , walking normally .
it is one of the most admired lippi 's works , due to its powerful , flemish - inspired chromatism and attention to details , which contribute in turning the mystical apparition of the virgin to st. bernard into an everyday life scene .
on december 10 , 1925 , she claimed she experienced another apparition of the blessed virgin mary .
as he works , an apparition of nadia appears , taunting him .
the " los angeles times " has also described it as a " quasi - mayan - style mansion , an otherwordly apparition that looms over franklin avenue in los feliz .
lizzie has seen a ghostly apparition , and , in short order , decides to sleep at a neighbor 's farmhouse ( although remaining in the fitzgeralds ' employ ) .
both goethe and schopenhauer use the word " spectrum " [ spektrum ] , from the latin word " spectrum " meaning " appearance " or " apparition , " to designate an afterimage .
the earth - two diana trevor reappeared in mainstream dc earth during the infinite crisis series ( infinite crisis # 5 ) but only as a ghost apparition .
the 1531 apparition of our lady of guadalupe was reported by saint juan diego .
hobson drives off terror - stricken , unsure as to whether the apparition was really there .
" the apparition " ( 2009 ) .
the album now include the classic ska along with the apparition of a couple of ballads " siempre me hablaste de ella " and " no . 2 en tu lista " .
a similar design had appeared over a century earlier on the miraculous medal due to a marian apparition to saint catherine labouré in 1830 , where the m represents the virgin mary standing at the foot of the cross during the crucifixion of jesus .
as a result of this she was extremely resentful of apparition .
first apparition .
however , this ability may require more skill than normal apparition or more concentration at least , as hermione splinched ron when she side - along apparated him and harry in a desperate moment .
he did what she had asked in the apparition , and after the procession the plague ceased .
in greek mythology , phantasos ( english translation : " apparition " ) was the son of hypnos and one of the oneiroi .
if he thinks something , it will be , and in that way , he created the bone - monsters and the death apparition .
this turns out to be one of saturn girl 's telepathic illusions , imitating apparition in an attempt to keep ultra boy sane .
