when ocampo was appointed chair of the national historical institute , and later elected chair of the national commission for culture and the arts , even president gloria macapagal arroyo declared she was an ardent reader of ocampo ’s newspaper column , admiring his writings because he “ makes history so approachable . ”
the silktail can be quite elusive and difficult to see , but may also be confiding and approachable .
" to that end , we are beginning our " countdown to the new " torg " event at gencon 2005 ; at this event we will have at least two products designed for established " torg " fans , but which will hopefully be approachable enough for new people who would want to get started in the grandeur of the " torg " universe early . "
described as " avuncular and approachable " by a writer on one fan website , he managed to be popular even when his decisions were n't .
his dargah is in peeran - e- kaliyar , 7 km from roorkee , in haridwar district , besides ganga canal , and is approachable by a metalled road .
it was dedicated to sir henry wood and is perhaps the most performed and most immediately approachable of arnold bax 's symphonies .
the godachinmalki falls , also known as markandeya falls , is located in a rugged valley , which is approachable from godachinmalki village by walking through an irregular forest route for about 2.5 kilometers .
stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic rated the album three stars out of five , describing coffey as " a more approachable faith hill— her polished country - pop is every bit as urbane , yet it does n't feel as glamorous . "
the species is often readily approachable .
mo"d"e 's editorial practice of providing models ' names , sometimes attached to quotes on self - esteem to make them more approachable greatly aided the popularity of the models featured and gave them a form of celebrity .
despite his stature as the sole ceo in the company 's history , truchard is still an approachable and down - to - earth individual .
mac lane had an exemplary devotion to writing approachable texts , starting with his very influential " a survey of modern algebra " , coauthored in 1941 with garrett birkhoff .
throughout his career , trevino was seen as approachable and humorous , and was frequently quoted by the press .
this release is widely considered as the critical best produced by the orchestra , its whimsy and eclecticism making it inherently more approachable than the previous , more serious - minded initial album .
in the attempt of making the wine more approachable to an international palate , recent versions have taken well to new oak and cold fermentation .
, approachable from two places - etah .
peglau deliberately designed the ampelmännchen to be both friendly and approachable , which increased their popularity with east germans .
the three matrilines are quite approachable and are usually not afraid of boats .
it is important that hosts have polished appearances and refined , approachable manners .
the purpose of asahi was to get the best out of these techniques , put it in the most simplified form , make it overall scientific and turn it into an easily approachable form - a health exercise for everybody with no starting level at all .
like her older sister adi kakua , she retains a very low public profile but is known for her informality and for her approachable nature with the public .
inspired by the ancient chinese strategy game ' go ' , hasegawa sought to create a game that was rich in strategy , but still approachable by the casual player .
however , if we merely find quantum solutions of a hamiltonian which is not approachable by perturbation theory , we may learn a great deal about quantum solutions , but we have learned little about quantum chaos .
artists from giotto to bellini and beyond had shown the baptist as an approachable story , a symbol understandable to all ; the very idea that a work should express a private world , rather than a common religious and social experience , was radically new .
it can be very approachable .
young 's style was a warm , approachable white soul , though he sometimes received playful criticism for his fashion decisions .
cibber had learned from the bad example of christopher rich to be a careful and approachable employer for his actors , and was not unpopular with them ; however , he made enemies in the literary world because of the power he wielded over authors .
in a second study , they found that white male doctors were rated as more approachable and competent than equally - well performing women or minority doctors .
he also thought that the record was more accessible when comparing it to the " crushingly heavy - going " sound of " the holy bible " , especially , he noted , for a band " who once would have spat at the breadhead , corporate - sell - out idea of a hummable ditty . " " vox " magazine 's mark sutherland saw " everything must go " as the group 's " most approachable " album , describing it as a " record so superb it might just make intelligence fashionable again " , and surmising that the album " proves that , professionally , at least , the manic street preachers do n't miss richey . "
with so much praise , however , she never realized that she never had any real friends aside from her family , and was considered by her peers as a semi - approachable " guest " .
" hypers daniel wilks commends the game for its " ton of quests , rewards exploration and approachable combat " .
earlier , mussoorie was approachable by road from saharanpur , away .
in order to make the venue more approachable , discounts are given to students and newcomers .
rishikesh is approachable from delhi by road over a distance of .
written in response to his dyslexic son 's need for stimulating , approachable reading material , gez decided to use humour as his tool to encourage interest .
the pathogen sequencing advisory group ( psag ) of the sequencing unit is open and approachable for scientists having proposals or suggestions for sequencing of any genome of particlar importance .
finally dominic gathered a number of men who remained faithful to the vision of active witness to the albigensians as well as a way of preaching which combined intellectual rigour with a popular and approachable style .
utilizing a conversational style with a heavy emphasis on webcomics , burns was seen at least initially as a more approachable alternative to more traditional critics in outlets like comixpedia and " the webcomics examiner " .
it is approachable by a machine boat to be taken from karwar port .
" in his later years he was a tall , dignified gentleman , with a healthy stride and ruddy complexion , performing his share of household chores , approachable and kind ( if unintelligible ) to students .
he was regarded as friendly and approachable , and was a traditionalist rather than an innovator .
until the reform crisis eroded his standing , he was very popular among the people , who saw him as more approachable and down - to - earth than his brother .
wines that are dominated by chardonnay are more approachable in their youth and are tend to have a rich , full body with lemon and oak flavors .
they are professionals with a clean style who are able to achieve an energetic stage presence while still appearing like three very approachable guys … their solid rock songs and jovial , happy stage demeanor left me feeling cheerful and optimistic . ”
jean bakewell " was to prove one of the more liberating forces in his life ... an uncomplicated hedonist , independent , adventurous , celebrating the moment ... an attractive personality : warm , generous , witty and approachable ... "
pinjore , where the bhimadevi temple complex is located , is approachable by road , rail and air from all parts of the country .
this is the only approachable place where the sea can be reached for kilometers of cliffs spread out northwards and southwards .
philip 's music is modern but approachable , eclectic but not conservative .
with these benefits does come the risk of developing various wine faults , such as the development of acetic ( or " volatile " ) acidity . too much extraction can also increase the harshness of some tannins to where the wine is not very approachable to most wine drinkers .
" quicksilver " is a volume split into three books in 2006 in order to make the 900 pages more approachable by readers .
it makes him more approachable . " .
he said kinsey was " as approachable as a park bench " and described him as a liberating influence .
the fort has four gigantic gates however it is approachable only from one side , after a two - mile ( 3 km ) long serpentine ascent .
the college library , which occupies both the floors of one wing of the college 's main building , has the main library on the first floor , approachable from the side of the dining hall and the lodge , and two other collections , called the floersheimer room and the hornik memorial room on the ground floor .
the monument , located in the southern part of bangalore , from the legislature office complex of the karnataka government ( vidhana soudha ) within the lalbagh gardens is easily approachable by road ( metro map of the city in the info box gives exact location ) .
the agency has frequently been criticized for isolating members of the imperial family from the japanese public , and for insisting on hidebound customs rather than permitting a more approachable , populist monarchy .
succeeding his father in 1932 , he quickly became known as a friendly and approachable ruler by his subjects .
the use of bicycles instead of cars can make police officers more easily approachable , especially in low - crime areas .
it is also approachable from trashi choling hermitage from the south - east direction .
japanese designer shōhei kohara was responsible for creating the earliest character models for the transformers cast , greatly humanising the toy designs to create more approachable robot characters for the comic and cartoon .
fables can be powerful because they take serious , confusing and threatening subjects and make them clear and approachable .
the newspaper operates as a lifestyle publication , using approachable and inspiring journalism to reach student readers across all campuses in scotland .
dangerous new machine describe themselves as a ' cohesive and dynamic unit that mixes an aggressive , heavy rock sound with a less dark and more approachable lyrical style ' .
it is approachable by a motorable road from the valley below .
he took inspiration from jigoro kanos new judo organisation and training - methods in order to , among other things , develop the twelve basic techniques " kihon " which would make smr more appealing and approachable to the beginner - student .
nelson 's use of a single welt along the perimeter of the padding gives the seating an approachable softness and yet , there is more going on that can not be seen .
in the little over four years that he was archbishop of canberra and goulburn , archbishop clancy was respected by the people of canberra goulburn as a very friendly and approachable archbishop who was also very suppotive of his people and his priests .
her poems ' simple language and unrhymed free verse give them an approachable and sincere quality .
in the musical , éponine , while still ragged , has a moderately more approachable look and personality , is more ethical , and has also been given a more sympathetic depiction .
matt 's compositions tend toward the technical , but they are still very approachable and often humorous .
bold and inquisitive , this bird is readily approachable by humans .
the sanctuary is approachable from all four sides of the lake by road , directly to the following places .
" the hiv wellness sourcebook : an east / west guide to living with hiv / aids and related conditions " ( holt paperbacks : 1998 ) ; a very approachable and helpful book on hiv / aids and chinese medicine ..
observations of orange roughy aggregations during submersible dives have also shown that the fish lose almost all pigmentation while inactive , during which time they are very approachable .
emperor ruizong posthumously honored him and created him the prince of ding , with the posthumous name zhongjian ( literally meaning " faithful and approachable " ) .
this has later been explained by novalogic since they never intended a ' hard core ' military flight simulator , but an easily approachable multiplayer software .
it is approachable for pilgrimage only from valmikinagar near gandak barrage , both from nepal and india .
for example , the use of an approachable vernacular stands in stark contrast to the constrained latin of the scholastics , the increased focus on the laity stands in contrast to the more deeply sacramental understanding of the church , and these elements are both taken up and transformed in the writings of martin luther .
it is remarkable , even today , that all houses are approachable from the front as well as the back , and that even the front yards and front gardens are not fenced in .
he has a reputation amongst music fans for being a pleasant natured and approachable artist , happy to sign autographs or converse with fans .
the band followed up " blue wonder power milk " with 2000 's " the magnificent tree " , which expands on the sound of " milk " with a warmer , more approachable sound .
his musical style is fresh , tonal and approachable , with soft dissonances , soaring melodies and lilting syncopation , blending seamlessly his strong ecclesiastical roots in plainchant and monastic liturgy with the simplicity of a celtic folk - like idiom .
kotla mubarakapur and south extension are busy upscale city centres easily approachable by road , rail and air communications .
the teachers are also mainly business women themselves to make them as close and approachable to the people who attend the course .
because humpbacks are often easily approachable , curious , easily identifiable as individuals , and display many behaviors , they have become the mainstay of whale - watching tourism in many locations around the world .
he described a struggle with satan to retain his humility but he was , in fact , always human , approachable and humble , with a sense of fun and a love of nature .
the site is approachable through a motorable road .
in many ways , ferdinando was the opposite of his brother who preceded him . approachable and generous , he set out to rule mildly .
asimov was an able public speaker and was a frequent fixture at science fiction conventions , where he was friendly and approachable .
he described jack benny as " very warm and approachable [ ... ] he was a guy who dug the idea of other people on the show getting laughs , which sort of spoiled me for other people in comedy . "
freitag hoped that her private issues would be further explored , as " her approachable yet successful persona was one of the main draws to the series in the first place " .
in this work , franklin 's " persona " comes alive and presents a man whose greatness does not keep him from being down - to - earth and approachable , who faces up to mistakes and blunders ( " errata " ) he has committed in life , and who presents personal success as something within the reach of anyone willing to work hard enough for it .
the dog must be approachable , quietly standing its ground and showing confidence and willingness to meet overtures without itself making them .
to his employees he was always the same , pleasant , genial , approachable .
the village is approachable from leh by road via the khardung pass .
but after some time , i realized that he was a very humble and approachable person . ”
collectors agree that spar ’s warm - hearted personality and approachable nature make working with him a uniquely fulfilling experience , resulting in poignant artworks that grace their walls , destined to be treasured for generations to come .
it can swim and fly well , but this terrestrial bird is reluctant to do either , and is quite approachable .
the acidity levels of these wines will be lower and the tannins will also be softer , making the wines more approachable at a younger age .
although working within the avant garde and experimental film / video art tradition , the impulse is to articulate politically charged narratives in creative and approachable formats .
this resulted in a game that was much more approachable than its more complex follow - ons , and " hellcats " was widely enjoyed by players that would not normally play flight simulators .
in a second study , they found that white male doctors were rated as more approachable and competent than equally - well performing women or minority doctors .
another hillock near kalika temple also has a cave locally called siddeshwaragavi , approachable by climbing nearly 200 steps .
it took another 10 years for technology to mature , for the graphical user interface to make the computer approachable for non - technical users , and for the internet to provide a compelling reason for most people to want a computer in their homes .
nahan is approachable from many directions by road : via dehra dun through paonta sahib ; via panchkula - naraingarh - kala amb from chandigarh , via yamunanagar -hathanikund from haryana and via solan- kumarhatti from shimla .
this pattern of organization makes his paintings appear very simple and approachable .
it is seen in small family groups of up to five birds , and is invariably tame and approachable .
approachable by nature , many of his successes can be attributed to the trust and rapport he established with the people he was trying to help .
the staff themselves have on many occasions been deemed to be very approachable , with a predisposition to treating students as young adults rather than children ; many students therefore report that there is a very positive feel about the school .
the rock pipit is a much more approachable bird than the water pipit .
paphitis is known as a straight - talking but approachable and sincere ' dragon ' who has made many investments on the show , both alone and as a ' 50/50 ' with another dragon invester .
he leads a very simple life and is easily approachable even to the poor .
they feel he 's approachable . "
in its youth the wine is very tannic and concentrated , with need of a few years of ageing before it can be approachable . as it ages the fruit becomes more pronounced and the tannins more balanced with the rest of the wine .
similarly many premium australian cabernet will also need at least ten years to develop though many are approachable after two to five years .
new foresters are amongst the most approachable of all the native british pony breeds , perhaps because of their history of frequent contact with man .
in recent years , modern rioja producers have been increasing the amount of garnacha used in the blend in order to produce earlier maturing and more approachable riojas in their youth .
jayapataka swami also has recently introduced the ' ganga safari ' to visit those holy places connected to lord caitanya which are approachable only along the river flow .
he is considered approachable , and much of his time that is not taken up by administrative duties is spent wandering the station , local training , or crime scenes .
there were no role models and an absence of natural and approachable mentors .
red wines are fined for the same reason but also for the added benefit of reducing the amount of bitter , astringent tannins which makes these wines smoother and more approachable sooner after bottling and release .
for all that campbell was involved in , he remained approachable and " real " to his fans .
a 1940 " baltimore sun " article by amy grief describes " a visit to his large , sunny office , situated conveniently near the print shop , where he can hear the sond of his beloved presses and be accessible to anyone who comes to him for advice , reveals a small , rubicund cheerful man with white hair , keen blue eyes and a general pickwickian air ... very genial , very approachable , very kindly . "
the bangkoop and most of the cooperative banks all over the country provide approachable and accessible credit support through the provision of loans at very minimal interest rates .
the use of bicycles instead of cars can make police officers more easily approachable , especially in low - crime areas .
he is known to be a dynamic and energetic speaker with the unique ability to make complex and new topics feel approachable and familiar .
the affability of his manners made him approachable and agreeable under all conditions .
undoubtedly for the common folk who were buddhists in india of that time , tārā was a more approachable deity .
since the services are carried out from old san juan to cataño and viceversa , its relative closeness to san juan hotels made the service approachable to tourists .
the intended audience of the neuroquantology is scientists , other educated adults , and inquiring students , and emphasizes that articles be approachable by a cross - disciplinary audience .
bill kenwright is considered approachable by fans and prior to the egm he contacted a fan website before the press regarding the meeting .
john barrowman said in an interview that ianto " brings out the " human " in [ jack ] " and " brings out more ... empathy because he ’s actually fallen for someone and he really cares about somebody ... [ which ] makes him warm to other people ... [ and ] makes him more approachable . "
though her photo was deemed " warm and approachable , " it was lisa who was eliminated , with her ability to handle criticism in question .
like many intellectuals of his generation , barrett flirted with marxism before turning his energies to providing readable introductions to european philosophical schools , notably existentialism . " irrational man " remains one of the most approachable reviews of existentialism in english .
the isolated island is approachable only from the ernakulam backwater channel .
the repertoire he chose to record was broad , though not extending much earlier than handel and among modern composers concentrating on the approachable and diatonic .
the gertrudiskerk is a church approachable from the large market in the center of bergen op zoom .
it is the nearest hill station from delhi and is approachable by either road or train from delhi .
a motherly woman , her officers considered her to be far more approachable than the austere peto .
the shrine of ujjaleswar , 19 km from digapahandi and 45 km from berhampur , near ghodahada dam , was developed from a cave temple , on a hillock which is approachable by steps .
in a second study , they found that white male doctors were rated as more approachable and competent than equally - well performing women or minority doctors .
popular with morning walkers , it is approachable from hauz khas village , safdarjang enclave , or near the courts side of the delhi lawn tennis association .
while barolo & barbaresco tend to be the heaviest and most in need of aging , wines made in the modernist style are becoming more approachable at a young age .
several species of mostly small reptile such as lizards live in the area , and whilst the local people have a most approachable charm typical of small towns and are surprisingly diverse given the conservative and historic town facade , the same forthright approach to new acquaintances is however not recommended if you chance upon a goanna or snake on one of the many nearby wooded bushwalking tracks as they have a different temperament indeed .
the two hillocks are approachable only by walking through the lush forest growth and have attracted tourists and pilgrims .
another way to render the palette more approachable is to make a color chart .
he believed that this policy had " caused a degree of temperance among army personnel which is not approachable in civil communities now " by encouraging soldiers " to remain on the reservation ( their home ) and enjoy refreshment under conditions conducive of temperance . "
thenmala is approachable both from trivandrum and punalur by road .
when egypt revolted with athenian aid ... and cimon 's mastery of the sea forced the king to resist the efforts of the hellenes and to hinder their hostile growth ... messages came down to themistocles saying that the king commanded him to make good his promises by applying himself to the hellenic problem ; then , neither embittered by anything like anger against his former fellow - citizens , nor lifted up by the great honor and power he was to have in the war , but possibly thinking his task not even approachable , both because hellas had other great generals at the time , and especially because cimon was so marvelously successful in his campaigns ; yet most of all out of regard for the reputation of his own achievements and the trophies of those early days ; having decided that his best course was to put a fitting end to his life , he made a sacrifice to the gods , then called his friends together , gave them a farewell clasp of his hand , and , as the current story goes , drank bull 's blood , or as some say , took a quick poison , and so died in magnesia , in the sixty - fifth year of his life ...
while vishnu is often conceived of as a stern , easily - perturbed patriarch , lakshmi represents a more soothing , warm and approachable mother figure who willingly intervenes in the lives of devotees on his behalf .
however , recently some of the younger generation of winemakers have been experimenting with , and producing , wines which are softer and more approachable in their youth , mirroring a similar tendency in bordeaux and elsewhere .
they eat seeds and fruits of a wide variety of plants and are generally tame and approachable .
unlike his predecessor , he was known as a mild and approachable leader .
this species is often very tame and approachable .
maguire 's mastery of the " femme fatale " created a vintage paperback icon : his women are passionate yet somehow down to earth , approachable , though sometimes at your own risk .
krishna is approachable through the mercy of srimati radharani and no one else .
combining complex counterpoint with the spiritual associations of advent and christmas , bach 's harmony and keyboard technique produce a musical style " at times strangely new , at others very approachable " yet " elusive enough to prompt admirers to search outside music for suitable expressive metaphor . "
although usually sedate and approachable underwater , pacific angelsharks are quick to bite if touched , captured , or otherwise provoked , and can inflict severe lacerations .
the judges felt that anya 's photos were edgy , high fashion , and made the clothes appear worth buying while whitney 's were warm , approachable , and attractive to men .
" all i ask is people judge me on my record as an effective and approachable member of parliament for all . "
her stream - of - consciousness lyrics for the title track give a more personal picture of the artist and paint her as an approachable dreamer who 's as unsure as anyone .
temple is approachable by road from sandur .
lennox lewis obviously did n't need the money but felt that he wanted to be more approachable to the british public .
jacques demy ( 5 june 1931 – 27 october 1990 ) was one of the most approachable filmmakers to appear in the wake of the french new wave . uninterested in the formal experimentation of alain resnais , or the political agitation of jean - luc godard , demy instead created a self - contained fantasy world closer to that of françois truffaut , drawing on musicals , fairytales and the golden age of hollywood .
for these reasons , monopoles became a major interest in the 1970s and 80s , along with the other " approachable " prediction of guts such as proton decay .
as a nineties conservative ministerial remark , it was on a par with that of roger freeman , another ' approachable tory ' .
as a historian , luna sought to make the subject approachable to the public at large , contributing weekly editorials on current events in that context for " clarín " , the country 's leading newspaper , between 1964 and 1973 , and as host of " hilando nuestra historia " ( " weaving our history " ) , an educational radio program , between 1977 and 1982 , as well as numerous other radio and television specials on the subject .
during his tenure in cincinnati , and later in pittsburgh and detroit , sean casey was regarded as approachable and friendly , and his nickname , " the mayor , " comes from his reputation for chatting casually with every runner who makes it to first base , and from his very public charity work .
often very approachable extended tertian harmonies are followed by whole tone harmonies ( such as in the first movement of symphony no . 5 ; or the first movement of his " cyber bird " concerto , which , in addition , makes use of free atonal jazz ; or the final movement of his " orion machine " concerto ; or in his saxophone concerto " albireo mode " ) .
in hinduism , in many medieval " puranas " , indra appears as a " deus otiosus " , whereas shiva and vishnu are the younger , more active gods who are both more readily knowable and approachable .
stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic rated the album three stars out of five , describing coffey as " a more approachable faith hill— her polished country - pop is every bit as urbane , yet it does n't feel as glamorous . "
the lake pichola is approachable by road from the udaipur city .
this can have the effect of softening the wine and make the generally austere and acidic chablis more approachable at a younger age .
the popularity of merlot stemmed in part from the relative ease in pronouncing the wine as well as it softer , fruity profile that it made more approachable to some wine drinkers .
it is located on the new jubilee walkway to the south of st. paul 's cathedral and is approachable from the south bank of the thames via the new millennium pedestrian bridge in london , england .
the island is approximately 250 metres ( 270 yards ) from the mainland at bigbury - on - sea and is approachable on foot at low tide .
since lithuania was heavily wooded and its lands were often impassable , its interior was most approachable along its rivers when frozen and during the short dry harvest season in late summer .
talwara is approachable by road only .
the chapel of the third order has a more traditional altarpiece , with two bodies approachable from three sides .
in daily life , watson is a caring , humorous , and approachable person .
it is easily approachable from any part of the delhi city by road transport .
it is approachable from the atlantic ocean , where it enters at the town of tavira in the algarve , 35 km east of faro .
after his 1989 retirement , he wrote " the atom in the history of human thought " ( paris : fayard , 1995 ) , a work approachable by general readers .
realizability appears to defy axiomatization due to its complexity , but it may be approachable through a higher - order heyting arithmetic ( ha ) .
what is named , and thereby articulated , then becomes , through the process of articulation , somehow more approachable , and therefore more manageable , if only in the life of the mind .
guerrilla tactic ” , using the humble and approachable medium of pottery to provoke thought .
and they learn that even famous people are approachable .
the park is approachable by road , rail and air through imphal , the capital of manipur .
police constable 876 nathaniel roberts arrived in october 2007 a friendly and approachable man though he has a roving eye for the ladies and certainly is n't lacking in self - confidence .
the shrine of ujjaleswar has been developed from a cave temple , on a hillock which is approachable by steps .
the church is also approachable by boat ride from the binga beach .
some of the strengths of cisx are competitive pricing , responsive and approachable market authority that meets daily to consider applications for listings , international standards of issuer regulation , enhanced marketability and added value service , and premier location .
it offers team - based multiplayer missions with authored narratives , persistent player characters and an approachable nature .
the most pronounced difference between the two wines is that the tannins of barbaresco tend to soften quicker , which can make the wines more approachable to drink at an earlier age but wo n't allow it to age for as long as a traditionally made barolo could .
ross mckibbin defines middlebrow novels as " reasonably well written and usually ( though certainly not always ) about non - trivial subjects [ and ] at least approachable . "
the main building or the secretariat is approachable only by government officials and the police .
châteauneuf - du - pape dominated by mourvèdre tend to be higher in tannin and requiring longer cellaring before being approachable .
during this period only the red stoned palace became approachable by boat and through a causeway and presented a spectacle on the way to jaipur city from delhi .
it has the advantage over the great ararat site of being approachable — while hardly a major tourist attraction , it receives a steady stream of visitors , and the local authorities claimed that a nearby mountain is called " mount cudi " ( or judi ) , making it one of about five mount judis in the land of kurdistan .
it tends to be quite full bodied ( for the variety ) , very approachable and oak maturation tends to be restrained .
stavers , in her writings , attempted to make the celebrity appear approachable and " attainable " for her young readers .
while a happy - go - lucky person , who is very approachable personally , he revealed in 2006 and in his 2008 biography that he had depression .
a synthetic personality is a constructed , friendly , approachable persona , often used in broadcast media .
in content and in tone , the book is very approachable , with uncomplicated vocabulary and descriptive images that allow the modern reader entry into the author ’s world of the 1920 ’s and 1930 ’s .
at the same time , he has a gentle , self - effacing manner which has always made him instantly approachable by the most junior of his colleagues or students , and he has never been too busy to answer their requests for help or advice .
it is approachable by about a path from sera , which takes about 20 minutes to cover .
the palace is about 12 km from ernakulam mainland and approachable by road .
the hub strives to make sure that the chosen topic is approachable from a variety of angles , possessing many interpretations and allowing each speaker 's talk to be entirely unique .
due to her early years being raised by a family , ah meng was more approachable by humans than other primates in her clan .
all gardens in the lake periphery and houseboats anchored in the lake are approachable through shikaras .
it tends to be quite full bodied ( for the variety ) , very approachable and oak maturation tends to be restrained .
while the guthrie theater is known for its classical shakespeare , this company is known for its approachable shakespeare .
the bridge is only approachable from hametown rd . from october to may , as the steeper portion of the road is seasonally closed to prevent accidents .
this species can be quite approachable .
speaking to many of brown 's friends to gain insight into his " private persona " , morrissey discovered that brown was funny , approachable and charming , something he did not see in his " public persona " .
chen duxiu ( 陳獨秀 ) suggested that " xin shehui " could be edited with a more approachable style accepted by the general public .
chef - servers are ( slightly ) more approachable . "
in recent years , some producers have aimed at producing wines that are more approachable when young , but that probably will be less long - lived .
the russet sparrow is described as shy and wary by some observers , but j. denis summers - smith has found it approachable .
both were written in a less experimental , more approachable style than most of her other work .
mehrauli urban village where the monument is located is approachable from all parts of delhi by well laid out roads and transport system .
the live cd format makes opensolaris more easily approachable , and boots within two to three minutes from a cd - rom .
described by david freud in his book " freud in the city " as " immensely approachable , a short and jovial figure , full of impromptu quips relayed to the accompaniment of short , barks of laughter " , he has been a director of eleven public companies - four of them as chairman , but he is most notable for once being the chief executive of railtrack .
the headland it was built on forms a natural stronghold with the sea on three sides and is only approachable from the north .
one review written when the series was released on dvd gave it average ratings , commenting that whilst the show was dubbed into english poorly , it commented positively on the use of characters saying , " despite his heroic calling as a robot pilot , akito is remarkably approachable —
the approachable effect of the building is enhanced by art - work by liam gillick who used coloured glass to change the feel of the building depending on the light conditions .
suraj tal is from keylong , the district headquarters of the lahaul spiti district , a frontier district of india which is approachable by road by the national highway nh 21 , also known as the leh - manali highway .
the case of complex coefficients is the most developed , but the case of algebraically closed fields of characteristic " p " where the sylow " p "- subgroups are cyclic is also theoretically approachable .
is singapore he spent half a year refereeing in the ' prime league ' for fas , before moving up to the professional ' s - league'.roberts performed very well and became popular with team , players and coaches with his approachable and open style of officiating .
while similar to brunellos in flavor and aromas , these wines are often lighter in body and more approachable in their youth .
he was with his unit in a dawn attack against hill positions approachable only along a narrow ridge paralleled on each side by steep cliffs which were heavily defended by enemy mortars , machineguns , and rifles in well - camouflaged spider holes and tunnels leading to caves .
" provide the opportunity for students to learn about conservative politics and meet others of a similar political persuasion in a friendly and approachable atmosphere .
according to an " la weekly " music column , groups such as the new york - based battles , ( featuring ian williams , another don caballero alum ) , are helping to " make math rock fun and approachable . "
high adds that freyja has a large , beautiful hall by the name of sessrúmnir , and that when freyja travels she sits in a chariot and drives two cats , and that freyja is " the most approachable one for people to pray to , and from her name is derived the honorific title whereby noble ladies are called " fruvor " [ noble ladies ] . "
mac lane ( 1986 ) is an approachable introduction to his views on this subject .
down - to - earth and approachable , sills helped dispel the traditional image of the temperamental opera diva .
nearly 40% of all the vineyard land in the priorat region is planted to garnacha but acreage in cabernet sauvignon , syrah , merlot and carignan is increasing as modernist producers seek to blend those varieties with garnacha to produce wines that are more approachable in their youth .
though born in one of coimbatore 's wealthiest families , kari was easily approachable by several people irrespective of social barriers .
a very approachable personality , he brought the office of archbishop to the people and encouraged lay involvement in parish and diocesan life .
in actuality , he was very approachable , very personable , very kind , and very humble .
the traditional priorat wine would be almost black in color and require years of aging before it would be approachable to drink .
diu is approachable from una , which is from the gujarat border .
from here , good bread alley becomes more approachable , more warm , less produced , but no less evocative .
it made him more approachable and more personable , less sure of himself all the time .
while the mattel guys were definitely professional and knowledgeable about their craft , they were much more ' down - to - earth ' and approachable than the four had anticipated .
the pradakshna path is approachable by front staircases from the south and from there flying steps from the west .
to make this first event more approachable to understanding , baba gives the metaphor of an infinite ocean and a drop of that ocean .
the dyer is the most approachable of the leading vocal parts , but again the orchestration is very heavy and requires a baritone with sufficient stamina to last the opera 's three hours and fifteen minutes .
allmusic was more reticent in its wording , claiming that " magnolia electric co. may not be the best songs : ohia album , but it is certainly the most approachable .
diu is approachable from una , which is from the gujarat border .
to him , fowler wrote , " [ cope ] was both genial and always interesting , easily approachable , and both kindly and helpful . "
with rousing marches and text extolling ( somewhat unrealistically ) russian virtues and stalin 's magnanimity , the work is composed in a much more approachable style than one would expect in prokofiev 's music during this period .
in a second study , they found that white male doctors were rated as more approachable and competent than equally - well performing women or minority doctors .
this helps soften speech and appear more approachable when interacting with others .
it is not unusual to see world - famous musicians casually walking along the festival grounds , and they are very approachable for conversation or autographs .
