in her model desire feeds arousal and orgasm , and is in turn fueled by the rest of the orgasmic cycle .
if yes , the information is sent to the hypothalamus which is responsible for sexual arousal .
some games may focus on humor or drama rather than arousal , or simply have normal gameplay accompanied by nudity .
arousal is such a large part of expectancy violations theory , which makes being hard to measure an important factor in examining the weaknesses .
in the absence of temporal inhibition or competing responses , arousal level would remain high and response rate would be depicted as an almost horizontal line with a very small negative slope .
testosterone and adrenaline have been associated with aggression and violence , and the arousal and excited state associated with them .
while most of those who experience anger explain its arousal as a result of " what has happened to them , " psychologists point out that an angry person can be very well mistaken because anger causes a loss in self - monitoring capacity and objective observability .
by varying the type of touch ( regular / irregular , continuous / intermittent , textures , warm / cool etc ) , the helper provides a range of stimuli that heighten the receiver 's levels of awareness and arousal and promote responses .
he experiences feelings of desperate arousal , fear and revulsion and flees .
they have stated that the sids prevention strategy of the american academy of pediatrics which keeps infants at a low arousal threshold and reduces the time in quiet sleep may be unhealthy for children .
sexual arousal .
the excitement phase ( also known as the arousal phase or initial excitement phase ) is the first stage of the human sexual response cycle .
arousal is essential to consciousness , in regulating attention and information processing , memory and emotion .
mcnamara emphasized the difficulties being caused by anti - buddhist repressions were creating for kennedy 's support of south vietnam due to the arousal of negative public opinion against diem .
a large study of psychiatric patients treated with this surgery showed significant reductions in fear , alertness and arousal .
alprox - td(r ) for men with erectile dysfunction and femprox(r ) for female sexual arousal disorder .
greater emotional arousal following a learning event enhances a person 's retention of that event .
chamber rest questions stemmed out of research that began in the 1950s and explored a variety of questions about the need for stimulation , nature of arousal and its relationship with external stimulation .
a powerful pheromone is released that brings any compatible hominid into an extreme state of arousal .
two other theories share similar outlooks to evt – discrepancy - arousal theory and patterson ’s social facilitation model .
it must be stated that sexual orientation has many dimensions ( attractions , behaviour , identity ) , of which sexual arousal is the only product of sexual attractions which can be measured at present with some degree of precision .
its introduction spurred great ( research ) interest in the area of female sexual arousal throughout the late 70s and early 80s .
vilayanur s. ramachandran explored the neural basis of the hyperreligiosity seen in tle using galvanic skin response ( which correlates with emotional arousal ) to determine whether the hyperreligiosity seen in tle was due to an overall heightened emotional state or was specific to religious stimuli ( ramachandran and blakeslee , 1998 ) .
this allows more opportunities to measure and examine the hormones related to sexual arousal .
erectile dysfunction is indicated when an erection is consistently difficult or impossible to produce , despite arousal .
the term " teratophilia " is used to describe arousal from deformed or monstrous people .
craig a. anderson has testified before the u.s. senate on the issue , and his meta - analysis of these studies has shown five consistent effects : " increased aggressive behavior , thoughts , and affect ; increased physiological arousal ; and decreased pro - social ( helping ) behavior " .
she trained at the american academy of dramatic arts in 2003 with sessions at tarlington training and the arousal theatre school .
yet this low level of behavioral arousal goes , paradoxically , hand in hand with high metabolic and electrical brain activity and conscious , vivid states .
most women acknowledge sexual arousal as vital to achieving comfortable penetration , so self - exploration of the vaginal area through masturbation can be beneficial in addressing vaginismus .
in human sexual behavior , foreplay is a set of intimate psychological and physical acts between two or more people meant to create and increase sexual arousal , in anticipation of sexual intercourse .
cleveland sometimes will show some sexual deviance or arousal towards attractive women .
they can enhance insufficiently exciting sexual acts to promote higher levels of sexual arousal and release .
women also reported more intense guilt than men ; both sexes reported greater guilt if their arousal and orgasm depended on a fantasy .
in women , greater guilt about sex was associated with less frequent and less varied sexual fantasies , and in men , it was associated with less sexual arousal during fantasies .
these differences disappeared after 12 - 28 months and may reflect the temporary stress and arousal of a new relationship .
georgie , kevin told pitchfork media , was in a funk - rock band called arousal back in the seventies .
just as with erectile dysfunction in men , lack of sexual function in women may be treated with hormonal patches or tablets to correct hormonal imbalances , clitoral vacuum pump devices and medication to improve blood flow , sexual sensation and arousal ( berman et al . 2005 ) .
dr. mcgaugh has examined how emotional arousal influences memory consolidation .
von economo , in his studies , noticed that legions in the connection between the midbrain and the diencephalon caused prolonged sleepiness and therefore proposed the idea of a ascending arousal system .
dippoldism ( german : dippoldismus ) is the paraphilia of sexual arousal from spanking or otherwise applying corporal punishment to children .
green and arduini , in the first major study of this phenomenon , noted that hippocampal theta usually occurs together with desynchronized eeg in the neocortex , and proposed that it is related to arousal .
cognitive dissonance is a feeling of unpleasant arousal caused by noticing an inconsistency among one 's cognitions .
another chemical which is considered to be responsible for this effect is prolactin , which represses dopamine , which is responsible for sexual arousal .
lab experiments have verified the presence of arousal in dissonance situations .
in the cns , activation of the npsr by nps promotes arousal and anxiolytic - like effects .
is a fetish subculture recognized predominantly in japan , in which participants experience arousal from having a full bladder or a sexual attraction to someone else experiencing the feeling of a full bladder .
the arousal response is illustrated in studies focused on reward systems that control food - seeking behavior ( balliene , 2005 ) .
this may result from any of various physiological stimuli , including sexual stimulation and sexual arousal .
attunement is seen as primarily a non - verbal mode of communication between infant and carer , and synchrony in the degree of arousal being expressed , as well as empathy for the child 's internal experience .
" the findings may also suggest " a dysfunction at the cognitive stage of sexual arousal processing . "
other publications by fein include research on the role of arousal in stereotype threat , suspicion and the fundamental attribution error , and a study testing whether measuring the personalities of new medical students could predict what area of medicine they would specialize in several years later .
for example , a person who is trying out for cheerleading will feel a heightened sense of arousal leading to incompetence not just because others are around , but because of the fear that others are observing and ridiculing them .
the group who reported experiencing the greatest arousal to the image of themselves as nude women also reported the greatest desire to undergo surgical sex reassignment .
autosadism , or automasochism is the paraphilia involving sexual arousal from inflicting pain or humiliation on oneself .
singer 's model of sexual arousal .
there is evidence that a 2a receptors interact with the dopamine system , which is involved in reward and arousal .
it is crucial for motivating certain behaviours , such as mobility , the pursuit of nutrition , the fight - or - flight response and sexual activity ( see masters and johnson 's human sexual response cycle , where it is known as the " arousal phase " ) .
in some circumstances , release of nitric oxide precedes relaxation of the clitoral cavernosal artery and nearby muscle , in a process similar to male arousal .
in other instances , the patient may derive arousal primarily from setting or watching their fire .
the rocking upward stroke ( receiving partner leads ) and downward stroke ( penetrating partner leads ) of sexual movement builds arousal that partners let develop and peak naturally .
age of arousal " was published in november 2007 by coachouse books , a publication whch includes a substantial essay by griffiths on the victorians and the women 's suffrage movement .
on this basis , our arousal may be modulated .
today , most social psychologists believe that social facilitation in humans is influenced by both arousal ( as in zajonc 's theory ) and cognitive processes ( such as distraction , and also evaluation apprehension ) .
" if contact with food is made , and the planarian is ready to feed , arousal and predatory behaviour will occur " ( neck , 1987 ) "
neuroscientists are mapping the neural pathways that link sexual arousal , romantic love , and attachment , helping to explain the complexity of attraction .
in portland , it is not illegal for women to go topless in public , oregon 's indecent exposure law only prohibits nudity intended to induce arousal in public .
the act of purchasing pantyhose , especially when aided by a female assistant , can also generate a degree of arousal .
phallophilia ( from the greek φαλλόςis , phallus , and φιλíα , philia ) is a paraphilia involving sexual attraction to large penises , describing arousal by a penis of extraordinary dimensions or endurance .
this may result from any of various physiological stimuli , also known as sexual arousal .
the development of a sense of smell is also thought to have arisen to function as an arousal system .
in humans , dr. harrah - conforth concludes , ' these two states may be interpreted as hyper- and hypo- arousal , or ecstasy and samadhi . ' "
when avoiding or leaving the feared workplace , arousal and anxiety decrease .
erotic sexual denial , also known as orgasm denial , is a sexual practice in which a heightened state of sexual arousal is maintained for an extended length of time without orgasm , and is commonly practiced in association with bdsm and sexual bondage .
the ppn is involved in many functions , including arousal , attention , learning , reward , and locomotion .
a low arousal approach deals with how staff handles patients who are aroused .
in later case arousal may originate from the way its fabric feels ( see clothing fetish by fabric type ) or from the way the garment feels and functions as whole ( restrictive clothing being an example ) .
one compound from this class , bremelanotide , formerly known as pt-141 , is undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of sexual arousal disorder and erectile dysfunction .
the diagnosis would not be given to people who experience typical sexual arousal simply by seeing nudity or sexual activity .
it occurs as the result of any erotic physical or mental stimulation , such as kissing , petting , or viewing erotic images , that lead to sexual arousal .
an understanding of arousal and sensory experiences may have great explanatory significance for some forms of challenging behaviours .
a monohierarchy of perception , affect and cognition considers the roles of arousal , attentional tendencies , affective primacy ( zajonc , 1980 ) , evolutionary constraints ( shepard , 1984 ; 1994 ) , and covert perception ( weiskrantz , 1997 ) within the sensing and processing of preferences and discriminations .
this is a two - way process : in the brain ’s normal state of function , informational states control the brain states such that decisions can be made and sent to the effector organs to ensure the individual ’s survival , but when the brain is compromised ( by injury , infection , drugs , early dementia , tiredness or , crucially , over - arousal ) , then the output is also affected .
eysenck advocates that extraverts have low levels of cortical arousal and introverts have high levels , leading extraverts to seek out more stimulation from socialising and being venturesome .
most practitioners agree with crowley that every means of arousal may be used , such as physical stimulation , genital stimulation , psychological stimulation , devices ( such as sex toys ) , or drugs ( like hashish , marijuana , or other aphrodisiacs ) .
the arousal .
there are several subtypes of female sexual arousal disorders
other researchers and activists dispute ppg as the best measure of orientation , pointing out that neither identity nor behavior are perfectly correlated with measured or self - reported arousal .
an erection is the stiffening and rising ( see erection angle ) of the penis , which occurs during sexual arousal , though it can also happen in non - sexual situations .
erotic lactation refers to an adult 's sexual arousal from breastfeeding .
accidentally simultaneous presentation of a sexual stimulus and an inanimate object , thus his argument , led to the object being permanently connected to sexual arousal .
yohimbine ( " not " considered specifically appropriate for ptsd ) increases arousal by increasing release of endogenous norepinephrine , and can " worsen " ptsd symptoms .
what separates words of knowledge from other times of immanence is that such words rarely occur during times of worship and extreme emotional arousal .
resentment is an emotionally debilitating condition that , when unresolved , can have a variety of negative results on the person experiencing it , including touchiness or edginess when thinking of the person resented , denial of anger or hatred against this person , and provocation or anger arousal when this person is recognized positively .
plethysmograph , which deals with the government tool which measures arousal in sex offenders in regards to different stimuli , features the lyric " if stuart could talk what would he say ? " , which is the chorus of the dickies song if stuart could talk , which is also about the singer 's penis .
many ocd sufferers take this groinal response as actual arousal , when in reality it is not .
one therapeutic technique is aversive conditioning , which entails presenting patients with a displeasing stimulus with the fetish as soon as sexual arousal starts .
media naturalness effects on cognitive effort , communication ambiguity , and physiological arousal .
erotic humiliation is the consensual use of psychological humiliation in a sexual context , whereby one person gains arousal or erotic excitement from the powerful emotions of being humiliated and demeaned , or of humiliating another ; often ( but not always ) in conjunction with sexual stimulation of one or both partners in the activity .
it should be noted that a schoolgirl fetish is essentially a clothing fetish , not a sexual preference for schoolgirls : the sexual arousal lies in a person of the fetishist 's sexual preference ( i.e. an adult woman ) in the school uniform .
there also exists , which explores sexuality and the presentation of themes aimed at inducing arousal .
in terms of appraisal theory , an aroused state will elicit different responses from different people depending on the context preceding arousal .
the lc - na system is heavily involved in arousal and attention ; for example , it is related to the brain 's acquisition and use of environmental cues .
dr. drew travels to atlanta 's emory university to explain why completely different things turn on men and women , and what happens in their brains during the arousal stage .
in many experimental situations , bem 's theory and festinger 's theory make identical predictions , but only dissonance theory predicts the presence of unpleasant tension or arousal .
however , the reality of sexsomnia has been confirmed by sleep disorder researchers who have made polygraphic and video recordings of patients with the condition while they are asleep and observed unusual brain wave activity during the episodes similar to that experienced in other nrem arousal parasomnias .
one woman described it as being unable to prevent her arousal or subsequent orgasm due to pain , even if she was not aroused when it began .
suppression may decrease expression but it tends to increase arousal and it tends to impair memory .
perverted sexual encounters or events would be those in which this reciprocal arousal is absent , and in which a person remains fully a subject of the sexual experience or fully an object .
usually , those who experience anger explain its arousal as a result of " what has happened to them " and in most cases the described provocations occur immediately before the anger experience .
erotic spanking is the act of spanking another person for the sexual arousal or gratification of either or both parties .
hyper- or hypo - arousal ?
lori anne brotto ( born 1975 ) is a canadian psychologist best known for her work on gender identity disorders ( gid ) and female sexual arousal disorder ( fsad ) .
on this occasion none of the show 's listeners reported any arousal whatsoever .
scientifically rigorous older work in this area ( e.g. , birk , huddleston , miller , & cohler , 1971 ; james , 1978 ; mcconaghy , 1969 , 1976 ; mcconaghy , proctor , & barr , 1972 ; tanner , 1974 , 1975 ) found that s exual orientation ( i.e. , erotic attractions and sexual arousal oriented to one sex or the other , or both ) was unlikely to change due to efforts designed for this purpose .
blue balls is a slang term for a temporary fluid congestion in the testicles and prostate region caused by prolonged sexual arousal .
the experience causes a kind of paraphilial reaction in the astronaut , who ends up becoming so aroused by her rape she is violently and involuntarily climaxed and suffers death as a result of the combination of terror and arousal she is forced to endure .
in a case study , there was a significant reduction in verbal and physical aggression following the application of low arousal approaches with an adult with an intellectual disability in a hospital setting .
temporary spells of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome may also occur in individuals who are under the influence of a drug ( such as alcohol ) that may relax their body tone excessively and interfere with normal arousal from sleep mechanisms .
arousal disasters .
erotic art covers any artistic work that is intended to evoke erotic arousal or that depicts scenes of love - making .
but when one combines all relevant empirical studies using meta - analytic techniques it shows that violent video games are significantly associated with : increased aggressive behavior , thoughts , and affect ; increased physiological arousal ; and decreased pro - social ( helping ) behavior . "
in the course of investigating the processes by which modeling alleviates phobic disorders in snake - phobics , bandura found that self - efficacy beliefs ( which the phobic individuals had in their own capabilities to alleviate their phobia ) mediated changes in behavior and in fear - arousal .
a control group was used in which arousal was omitted .
tharsalio 's plan is to mount a subtle arousal and temptation of eudora 's latent romantic and erotic desires .
female sexual arousal disorder ( fsad ) is similar to what used to be called frigidity .
olfactophilia or osmolagnia is a paraphilia for , and sexual attraction to , or sexual arousal by smells and odors emanating from the body , especially the sexual areas .
in the central nervous system , ach has a variety of effects as a neuromodulator upon plasticity , arousal and reward .
although these findings have contributed to understanding how sexual arousal can differentiate between genders and sexual orientations , it is still a matter of debate whether these results reflect differences which are the result of social learning or genetic and/or biological factors .
in essence , it is suggested that the zona incerta has the pathways to integrate both exteroreceptive ( e.g. somatosensory ) and interoreceptive ( e.g. thirst ) sensory challenges , so that visceral activity , arousal , attention and/or posture locomotion are altered and/or generated .
the centromedial nuclei are the main outputs for the basolateral complexes , and are involved in emotional arousal in rats and cats .
the foot warmer was often used by artists as a symbol for female sexual arousal because , when placed under a skirt , it heats the whole body below the waist , according to liedtke .
endomorphin-1 is located in the nucleus of the solitary tract , the periventricular hypothalamus , and the dorsomedial hypothalamus , where it is found within histaminergic neurons and may regulate sedative and arousal behaviors .
a recurring theme in his movies is onscreen voyeurism - scenarios in which either a man or a woman watches a sexual act from a hiding place , often leading to sexual arousal and self masturbation .
instead , members of the control group — individuals who had had no prior arousal — demonstrated significant differences in their stories , some writing stories with a high achievement content and some submitting stories with a low achievement content .
when a boxer receives sufficient blows it induces a state of diminished cerebral arousal , which renders the opponent incapable of defending himself .
a third line of research has examined sexual arousal patterns and their relation to sexual orientation in men and women .
the ans affects heart rate , digestion , respiration rate , salivation , perspiration , diameter of the pupils , micturition ( urination ) , and sexual arousal .
an alternative or perhaps complementary proposal is that right anterior insular regulates the interaction between the salience of the selective attention created to achieve a task ( the dorsal attention system ) and the salience of arousal created to keep focused upon the relevant part of the environment ( ventral attention system ) .
the influence of affect on human behavior ranges from primal , instinctual reaction and arousal to post - cognitive consideration of one 's own mortality and mood .
despite the arousal of fascist movements across europe and the world , many were different in their nature in ideology .
during sexual arousal each gland produces a clear , viscous secretion known as pre - ejaculate .
evidence from behavioral economics show that changes in arousal , trust or empathy also change individual assessments of risk and reward .
the city 's coldness was a choice culture for the fermentation of the aggressiveness of dispossessed youngsters , creating an ideal situation for the arousal of punk bands .
it is frequently confused with erotic asphyxiation , which is oxygen deprivation for sexual arousal .
msh signals to the brain have effects on appetite and sexual arousal .
there are many different neural systems involved in what is collectively known as the arousal system .
the yerkes - dodson law predicts that overlearning can improve performance in states of high arousal .
he notes that " if the problem is too unfamiliar , it will evoke attention ; if it is difficult but doable , it will evoke interest , attention , and arousal and , when solved , it will evoke pleasure , often signalled by a smile . "
during sexual arousal , vaginal lubrication increases .
in females , transudation is a method of lubrication during sexual arousal .
under certain circumstances cognition follows physiological arousal ; and
the dimension of valence ranges from highly positive to highly negative , whereas the dimension of arousal ranges from calming or soothing to exciting or agitating .
misattribution of arousal is a term in psychology which describes the process whereby people make a mistake in assuming what is causing them to feel aroused .
even though the majority of studies have focused on the arousal dimension , a growing body of research is dedicated to the emotional valence dimension and its effects on memory .
the many nerve endings of the sphincter allow for sensations of arousal both during insertion and removal , and larger beads may create feelings of pressure while inside the rectum .
the interactions may last for 20–30 minutes and do not necessarily result in the male mounting the female , though he may demonstrate arousal during the ritual ( image 5 ) .
depending on the situation , sexual arousal may still be achieved regardless of physical barriers to genital stimulation .
in the short term the aggressive cognitions , affects and arousal increase while long term effects are yet to be accurately determined .
this is a type of psychological humiliation in a sexual context , whereby one person gains arousal or erotic excitement from the powerful emotions of being humiliated and demeaned , or of humiliating another ; often ( but not always ) in conjunction with sexual stimulation of one or both partners in the activity .
in non - genetic females this bulbourethral gland is responsible for the thin , colourless lubricating fluid that is secreted during sexual arousal , which also adds to the natural lubrication .
the reticular activating system ( ras ) is an area of the brain ( including the reticular formation and its connections ) responsible for regulating arousal and sleep - wake transitions .
the right amount of wine would lead to sexual arousal ; too much would lead to impotence .
cognitive dissonance theory , however , was readily able to explain these results : if the participants could attribute their state of unpleasant arousal to the placebo , they would n't have to alter their attitude .
therefore , there is a clear evolutionary advantage for an individual 's presence to cause us to be in a state of alert arousal .
the expectations and past experiences of clinicians and clients may also lead them to classify the same symptoms as female sexual arousal disorder in one woman but not in another . "
in 1997 , hadyn ellis and his colleagues published a study of five patients with capgras delusion ( all diagnosed with schizophrenia ) and confirmed that although they could consciously recognize the faces , they did not show the normal automatic emotional arousal response .
when traumatic material is experienced by the client ( for example , during hypnoanalysis ) , immediate changes in galvanic skin response can indicate that the client is experiencing emotional arousal .
other effects of 5-ht1a activation include decreased aggression or increased serenic behavior , increased sociability , increased impulsivity , inhibition of addictive behavior , facilitation of sexual behavior and arousal , inhibition of penile erection , decreased food intake or anorexia , prolongation of rem sleep latency , and enhanced breathing or hyperventilation and reversal of opioid - induced respiratory depression .
arousal is a physiological and psychological state of being awake or reactive to stimuli .
these are functions which are controlled by the parasympathetic nervous system and therefore suppressed by sympathetic arousal
some physicians use the term persistent sexual arousal syndrome to refer to the condition in women ; others consider the syndrome of priapism in men to be the same disorder .
arousal is defined as “ to rouse or stimulate to action or to physiological readiness for activity ” ( merriam - webster , 2007 ) .
since levels of arousal are personal perceptions , it is hard to have a valid way of measuring them .
impotence is now known as erectile dysfunction , and frigidity has been replaced with a number of terms describing specific problems with , for example , desire or arousal .
personal experiences of racist behaviors cause physiological arousal and increase stress and blood pressure .
moreover , eysenck surmised that there would be an optimal level of arousal after which inhibition would occur and that this would be different for each person .
increased arousal ( stress ) can therefore be seen as an instinctive reaction to social presence .
in addition to physical stimulation , orgasm can be achieved from psychological arousal alone , such as during dreaming ( which may be a nocturnal emission ) .
research by william forde thompson , glenn schellenberg , and gabriela husain ( university of toronto ) suggests that the mozart effect can be attributed to temporary changes in mood and arousal that result from prolonged exposure to music ( e.g. , 8–10 minutes ) .
these studies suggest that men and women are different in terms of sexual arousal patterns and that this is also reflected in how their genitals react to sexual stimuli of both genders or even to non - human stimuli .
psychotherapy with cognitive reframing of the arousal as a healthy response may also be used .
in the course of this experiment , mcclelland discovered through analyzing the stories on the tat that initial arousal was not necessary .
the sleep paralysis and obe correlation was later corroborated by the out - of - body experience and arousal by kevin nelson et al .
according to masters and johnson sexual arousal and climax are a normal physiological process of every functionally intact adult , but despite being autonomic it can be inhibited .
he is also shown to get sexual arousal from violently cutting up and killing people , as well as choking them .
positive symptoms ( re - experiencing , hypervigilance , increased arousal ) generally respond better to medication than negative symptoms ( avoidance , withdrawal ) , and it is recommended that any drug trial last for at least 6–8 weeks .
pleasure for the wearer of the strap - on generally comes from pressure against the genitals , particularly the clitoris , during use and from psychological arousal .
i know what i was doing , and i know why i was doing it , " sanders said , emphasizing that his interest was scholarly and not for arousal .
even if a quintessential role for brain stem arousal mechanisms is accepted , since they are not directly testable they can be considered permanently functionless only if the whole of the brain stem is shown to be destroyed .
stress , optimal arousal , comfort zone , and flow ( psychology ) theories
in another study based on questionnaire responses , blanchard divided individuals according to whether they reported experiencing the most sexual arousal to the image of themselves as nude women , as fully clothed women , or as women dressed in underwear .
sexual arousal without direct sexual contact may also occur in such niche trade like muscle worship .
researchers may use vaginal photoplethysmography , penile strain gauges , or other tools to measure signs of physical arousal , such as genital pulse amplitude , genital blood volume , and heart rate .
much of segraves ' work focuses on female sexual arousal disorder ( fsad ) .
material is considered extreme pornography only if the main purpose of creating it was to produce sexual arousal .
in the initial phase of their studies , from 1957 until 1965 , they recorded some of the first laboratory data on the anatomy and physiology of human sexual response based on direct observation of 382 women and 312 men in what they conservatively estimated to be " 10,000 complete cycles of sexual response . " their findings , particularly on the nature of female sexual arousal ( for example , describing the mechanisms of vaginal lubrication and debunking the earlier widely - held notion that vaginal lubrication originated from the cervix ) and orgasm ( showing that the physiology of orgasmic response was identical whether stimulation was clitoral or vaginal , and proving that some women were capable of being multiorgasmic ) , dispelled many long standing misconceptions .
at the end of an apnea or hypopnea is often an arousal , which is a change in eeg frequency often accompanied by increased emg frequency for between 3–15 seconds .
a “ midazolam infusion syndrome ” may result from high doses and is characterised by delayed arousal hours to days after discontinuation of midazolam and may lead to an increase in the length of ventilatory support needed .
additionally , females were better at judging low arousal .
other laboratory animal tests have produced positive indications , with one extract having been observed to increase sexual activity in mature rats , including arousal , sniffing and mounting behavior .
3 . physiological arousal .
some women find their natural lubrication during sexual arousal is also reduced or eliminated .
as a result of high arousal levels , associations between the traumatic event and other related events fail to develop .
according to culebras , a professor of neurology at the state university of new york college of medicine , " it is conceivable that the sleepwalker has the potential to drift into a confusional arousal , a state in which violence and assault are likely when prolonged and if given the adequate circumstances .
in general and across cultures , more restrictions are found for exposure of those parts of the human body that display evidence of sexual arousal .
in other words , their pattern of arousal to members of the same sex does not alter .
no matter how much experience we have we make irrational decisions every time we are under the influence of arousal .
these exist in areas adjacent to histamine neurons and like them project widely to most brain areas and associate with arousal .
some people may experience a sexual arousal disorder .
the highest arousal thresholds ( e.g. difficulty of awakening , such as by a sound of a particular volume ) are observed in stage 3 .
the great majority of vaginal discharges are normal or physiological and include blood or menses ( from the uterus ) , the most common , and clear fluid either as a result of sexual arousal or secretions from the cervix .
it is not unreasonable to suspect that porky has sexually consummated his unorthodox " marriage " to mike , leading to a bizarre and horrifying blend of bestiality ( the spider - like body ) and pedophilia ( arousal by the pretty , " little girl " face ) .
according to novaco , " autonomic arousal is primarily engaged through adrenomedullary and adrenocortical hormonal activity .
there is a strong association between arousal and sensory experiences of people with asd .
in particular , the three factor model identifies the reticular system and the limbic system in the brain as key components , with the specific functions of mediating cortical arousal and emotional responses respectively .
to be conscious of anything , the brain must be in a relatively high state of arousal ( sometimes also referred to as " vigilance " ) .
he also gains arousal from being measured for pants , and has claimed to have a foot fetish .
they also looked at the various neurocognitive processes mediating arousal , affect , physical and social cognition , etc .
bailey 's sexual arousal work was attacked by " the washington times " and some socially conservative commentators as prurient and a waste of taxpayer dollars .
acting to humiliate yourself may be linked to a personal belief ( as with mortification of the flesh , with some religions ) , or it can be part of erotic humiliation where the belittling activity provides emotional and/or sexual arousal or heightened sensation .
the therapy is followed by the so - called " stress inoculation " in which the clients are taught " relaxation skills to control their arousal and various cognitive controls to exercise on their attention , thoughts , images , and feelings .
diagnostic symptoms include re - experiencing original trauma(s ) , by means of flashbacks or nightmares ; avoidance of stimuli associated with the trauma ; and increased arousal , such as difficulty falling or staying asleep , anger , and hypervigilance .
methods employed may teach the recipient to relax the musculature of his pelvis and thus prolong arousal and increase pleasure .
they also point out that the study showed a third of men had no arousal , and ask why this does not mean that one third of men are really asexual .
bem believes that this feeling of difference evokes physiological arousal when the child is near members of the gender which the child considers as being " different " .
the pre - operative micropenis contains erectile tissue which responds to sexual arousal .
it is not only the state of arousal and anticipation , but also the attempt through various means to incite those feelings .
affect is also a factor in emotional development , mood , arousal , and consideration of the present moment .
there is no “ gold standard ” regarding the length of time it should take to become aroused or the level of arousal that should be achieved .
the cap is inserted prior to sexual intercourse ; some sources state that insertion prior to sexual arousal decreases the risk of incorrect placement .
abnormally increased behavioral arousal .
investigators have reported that physiological arousal is associated with laboratory analogues of ethnic discrimination and mistreatment .
arousal from torpor in bats is facultative , not obligate , but comes at a high energy cost , meaning awakening must be for a good reason .
arousal of public opinion , for example , seems to be one of their common approaches to successful execution of their projects .
the law dictates that performance increases with physiological or mental arousal , but only up to a point .
their findings provoked widespread interest , in part because they related hippocampal activity to arousal , which was at that time the hottest topic in neuroscience .
ariely and loewenstein chose to test the effects of sexual arousal on decision - making in college - aged men at university of california , berkeley .
this is accomplished by making servus vulnerable to dominance and sexual arousal pheromones , as well as changing their genetic temperaments toward the emotional and nonaggressive .
recent research conducted in sweden has suggested that gay and straight men respond differently to two odors that are believed to be involved in sexual arousal .
poly 221 7 428 7 351 188 296 187 294 188 arousal
in november 2007 , the toronto based centre for addiction and mental health published a study in the journal of psychiatry research showing that child molesters with pedophilia suffer from a " significant lack of white matter connecting six different areas of the brain all known to play a role in sexual arousal . "
the most common type of erotic spanking is administered on the bare buttocks , but can also be combined with bondage , in order to heighten sexual arousal and feelings of helplessness .
coitus may be preceded by foreplay , which leads to sexual arousal of the partners , resulting in the erection of the penis and natural lubrication of the vagina .
social arousal refers to the situation surrounding the group , or the external cues to which people are responding ( e.g. : a high stress or high anxiety situation , ambiguous situations , etc . )
eysenck proposed that extraversion was caused by variability in cortical arousal .
in high risk situations , responses that reduce arousal are adopted by carers and staff , especially when confronted by distressed individuals .
for example , eysenck proposed that extraversion was caused by variability in cortical arousal : " introverts are characterized by higher levels of activity than extraverts and so are chronically more cortically aroused than extraverts " .
during sexual arousal in a male , the parasympathetic nervous system increases its inputs to the genital tissues , resulting in decreased blood flow to the testicles and prostate areas .
the group presence is then coupled with physical anonymity and social arousal .
some researchers argue that women 's sexual orientation depends less on their patterns of sexual arousal than men 's and that other components of sexual orientation ( like emotional attachment ) must be taken into account when describing women 's sexual orientations .
horror is designed to elicit spine - chilling , white - knuckled , eye - bulging terror ; melodramas are designed to make viewers cry after seeing the misfortunes of the onscreen characters ; and pornography is designed to elicit sexual arousal .
dreams that are difficult to recall may be characterized by relatively little affect , and factors such as salience , arousal , and interference play a role in dream recall .
biastophilia ( from greek " biastes " , " rape " + " -philia " ) and its latin language - derived counterpart , raptophilia ( from latin " rapere " , " to seize " ) , also paraphilic rape , refer to a paraphilia in which sexual arousal is dependent on , or is responsive to , the act of assaulting an unconsenting person , especially a stranger .
the norepinephrine from the lc has an excitatory effect on most of the brain , mediating arousal and priming the brain ’s neurons to be activated by stimuli .
