in april 1955 colonel adnan al - malki , a baathist officer who was a very popular figure in the syrian army , was assassinated by a party member .
shortly following their honeymoon , the archduke francis ferdinand was assassinated initiating wwi .
when the sole surviving member of their eugenics program , friday , sneaked on board a rocket bound for their corporate hq and successfully assassinated mr. clavel , the founder and ceo of clavel corporation and destroying the company ai , highside , in the process , he re - ignited the war between the two trading companies .
smim htaw , a son of the last mon king of pegu , staged a rebellion and tabinshweti himself was assassinated in 1550 by smim sawhtut - his close mon advisor who was also of pegu dynasty descent .
eventually they were assassinated in a coup enacted by war marshal kazan , the commander of the east meg front line troops .
he was assassinated on august 6 , 1921 .
bartolomeo 's father paolo seized the castle of trezzo by wile and held it by force , until he was assassinated by his cousins , probably acting on order of filippo maria visconti , duke of milan .
despite claims made later by entrepreneurs hoping to cash in with a traveling exhibit of the cabin , the cabin lincoln was born in was likely destroyed by the time he was assassinated .
after his father 's death in 568 h ( 1172 - 3 ce ) , pahlawan , as atabeg , was also the power behind the sultan 's throne , and became the key to stability when arslan - shah was assassinated in 571 h ( 1176 ce ) , leaving a son and heir , toghril iii , just seven years old .
the uprising was almost postponed since bauer was at the top of the ' death list ' of ss guards to be assassinated prior to the escape that was created by the leader of the revolt , alexander pechersky .
one of the school 's earlier principals , raymond screws , was assassinated in his own office by being gunned down by a co - worker , assistant principal roosevelt holloman , who had been accused of misconduct on december 12 , 1977 .
according to pausanias , " shortly after harpalus ran away from athens and crossed with a squadron to crete , he was put to death by the servants who were attending him ( in 323 bc ) , though some assert that he was assassinated by pausanias , a macedonian " .
it was alleged that abdyl ypi , the initiator of the congress , had been assassinated by members of the government of durrës , who wanted to scare off the other delegates to the congress .
on april 18 , 1865 , the garrison at fort corcoran participated in a national salute to president lincoln , who had been assassinated four days prior .
even though hitler ( in wolfsschanze ) ordered warlimont to travel to paris on 1 august to study the german military situation there with field marshal von kluge , hitler thought that warlimont might have been involved in the conspiracy to have him assassinated ( an action which warlimont denied ) .
during liu bei 's invasion of eastern wu , they overheard their soldiers discussing plans to kill them , and so assassinated ma zhong , their superior , and attempted to defect back to shu .
valuev was sent into retirement in october 1881 by the son of the recently assassinated alexander ii , alexander iii .
a local leader , abu shair , meeting an emissary from the rebel headquarters in damascus , who bore a list of people to be assassinated during the uprising , told da'ud al - husayni : ’i do n’t work for husayniya ( ‘ ’husayni - ism ” ) but for " wataniya " ( nationalism)’
the president of tmvp was kumaraswamy nandagopan until he was assassinated in november 2008 and the general secretary g.e. gnanarajah .
the four leaders were imprisoned in the dhaka central jail and assassinated on november 3 under controversial and mysterious circumstances .
the communist regime in axphain was defeated after an unsuccessful attempt to invade graustark , and the monarchy in that country was restored with gregory on the throne rather than the unpopular hubert , who was himself assassinated in the aftermath .
this historical building is located on the street near the spot where villa ’s enemies waited days for him to pass and ultimately assassinated him in 1923 .
he was assassinated soon after by agents of the armenian revolutionary federation for his role in the armenian genocide .
in japan , the u.s. ambassador is golfing with his british counterpart when he is assassinated by a sniper named tongju .
however , in 1844 , both hyrum and joseph smith were assassinated by a mob in carthage , illinois .
in 2007 , 353 academics were assassinated .
in torny 's absence there was a coup d'etat and he was replaced as head of the inla by gino gallagher ( formerly the prisoner relations officer of the irsp and a feared gunman . ) torney and his gang ( known as the inla - ghq ) assassinated gallagher in january 1996 .
tradition also identifies partegora as the location of the martyrdom of arialdo alciato , the milanese deacon and patarine reformist who was assassinated in 1076 at the prompting of his archbishop , guido da velate .
georgina was married to ali hassan salameh , a palestinian national with black september , who was assassinated in 1979 by the mossad .
in 1051 , pope leo ix forced a promise from drogo that he would stop the norman pillaging , but he was assassinated later that year ( probably by a byzantine conspiracy led by argyrus ) at montoglio and was succeeded by his younger brother humphrey after a brief interregnum .
in russia alone , four emperors were assassinated within less than two hundred years : ivan vi , peter iii , paul i , and alexander ii .
due to his devotion to duty and his fight against crime in the city , he brought upon himself the enmity of the lawless and on october 15 , 1889 about 11:30 p.m. after a meeting of the police board , as he neared his home on basin street , he was assassinated .
four weeks after this hit came out , shakur was assassinated , and these three brands just took off . "
the fifth , leon trotsky , went into exile in mexico after being expelled from the party but was assassinated by soviet agent ramón mercader in 1940 .
trotsky eventually was forced into exile in mexico , where he was assassinated in 1940 by a stalinist agent .
in 1963 , he became leader of south vietnam after a " coup " in which diệm was assassinated .
all this paid off in a big way for giant after martin luther king , jr. was assassinated and riots swept washington , d. c. while safeways were burned and/or looted , customers and pride , inc. youths joined hands around the giant stores for three days and three night and chased the rioters away .
baskin became friends with a dr. robinson in salt lake city who was assassinated on october 22 , 1866 .
on march 2 , 2009 , however , vieira was assassinated by what preliminary reports indicated to be a group of soldiers avenging the death of the head of joint chiefs of staff , general batista tagme na wai .
in response , tuoba shao assassinated emperor daowu and then tried to take over as emperor , and he tried to seize the troops .
although nogai initially favoured ivaylo , eventually he had him assassinated after a plea from his ally , michael viii .
a " purple " cabinet was formed by vvd , d66 , and pvda. in the 2002 elections , this cabinet lost its majority , due to the rise of the lpf , a new political party around the flamboyant populist pim fortuyn , who was assassinated a week before the elections .
according to in - game information , is a mutual friend of phillipe berceuse ( whose name was changed to alvaro d'alvade in " blood money " ) and richard delahunt , both of whom are assassinated by 47 at the opera .
hamish watt , a scottish member of parliament was quoted as saying that macrae was assassinated for his too - extensive study of nato activities in scotland .
during his career as a member of the queendom of falena 's queen 's knights , georg was involved in an incident where he bore responsibility as the person who assassinated queen arshtat falenas .
a welshman owain lawgoch ( owain of the red hand ) formed a free company and fought for the french against the english during the hundred years war , before being assassinated by a scot by the name of jon lamb under the orders of the english crown in 1378 during the siege of mortagne .
immediately after a chinese mob assassinated governor ferreira do amaral on august 22 , 1849 , chinese imperial troops mobilized on the guangdong province - macau frontier .
zeka was assassinated by a serbian agent adem zajmi in 1902 .
in 2009 he went to karachi on an unofficial visit ; on 6 august 2009 , he was assassinated in the gulistan - e - jauhar neighborhood of karachi .
when benigno " ninoy " aquino , jr. , a senator who strongly opposed the marcos administration , was assassinated on august 21 , 1983 , it was a small item on television news .
after a severe regency , military failure in egypt , and mutiny in the army , perdiccas was assassinated by his senior officers in may or june 321 or 320 bc ( problems with diodorus 's chronology have made the year uncertain ) , after which antipater was named as the new regent at the partition of triparadisus .
unzaga , originally an educator , was assassinated in 1959 , ostensibly as he planned to enlist military help in an attempt to dislodge the mnr from power .
he is the son of former president sylvanus olympio , who was assassinated in a 1963 coup .
some imperial loyalists believed that the emperor had in fact been assassinated , and this belief remains widely held .
meanwhile , prime minister rashid karami , head of a government of national unity set up after the failed peace efforts of 1984 , was assassinated on 1 june 1987 .
the " massacre " has practically started when reba 's men poisoned the " king pits vi of arkanar " and assassinated his only son .
‘ ali ruled from 656 ce to 661 ce , when he was assassinated . while prostrating ( sujud ) in prayer .
a prominent example is yehia el - mashad , the egyptian nuclear physicist working in the first iraqi nuclear reactor who was assassinated in his hotel room at the meridian , paris on 13 june , 1980 .
wright 's church , trinity united church of christ , criticized the media coverage of his past sermons , saying in a statement that wright 's " character is being assassinated in the public sphere ... it is an indictment on dr. wright ’s ministerial legacy to present his global ministry within a 15- or 30-second sound bite . "
abbas mussawi , secretary general of hezbollah , was assassinated in february , 1992 , after which nasrullah was elected to the position .
on 6 november 1944 lehi assassinated lord moyne in cairo .
yitzhak shamir claimed later that moyne was assassinated because of his support for a middle eastern arab federation and anti - semitic lectures in which arabs were held to be racially superior to jews .
murchad had cumuscach son of tuathal , king of ard ciannachta assassinated in 822 probably in retaliation for his failure .
he was assassinated on 12 november 2009 outside a mosque in bossaso , capital of puntland .
yusuf i was assassinated whilst praying in a mosque in granada at the age of thirty - six .
it closes with pompey assassinated , caesar attempting to mediate rival claims to the egyptian throne , and the beginning of the alexandrian war .
he was assassinated by 26 year - old khalil tahmassebi of the fadayan - e islam organization with 3 bullets in tehran at the age of 49 .
in 1263 , treniota assassinated mindaugas and two of his sons .
he did not appear to be involved either for or against the plot by li xiong 's sons li yue ( 李越 ) and li qi to overthrow li ban , and after li yue assassinated li ban later that year and made li qi emperor , li shou was created the prince of han and continued to initially be in control of the government .
during the knesset term , united arab list mk hamad abu rabia was assassinated by the sons of party rival jabr moade after abu rabia allegedly refused to give up his seat as had been decided in a rotation agreement .
during the trial the german special services also informed their french counterparts that schwartzbard had assassinated petlura on the orders of " galip " , an emissary of the union of ukrainian citizens .
he was a brother of kevin o'higgins , the government minister assassinated in 1927 .
assassinated by a time - bomb , placed in a gift of a lion head carving on his plane in 1978 over ngong hills .
michael , however , had already foreseen this move thanks to his father 's deduction and michael has ottilio cuneo and all other dons in new york assassinated , eliminating almost all of the five families interests in new york , therefore , almost completely destroying the cuneos .
ignacio ellacuría was a close friend and colleague of the scholars ignacio martín - baró and segundo montes , all of whom were assassinated with ellacuría by the salvadoran army , along with three colleagues and two employees .
karzai also met and had a 45-minute talk with benazir bhutto on the morning of 27 december , hours before her trip to liaquat national bagh , where she was assassinated after her speech .
manuel buíça ( 1877–1908 ) was a portuguese schoolteacher who assassinated carlos i of portugal .
she was killed in an ambush by the portuguese while crossing the farim river on her way to the funeral of amilcar cabral who was assassinated a week earlier in conakry ( 23 january 1973 ) .
he , too , is assassinated by 47 .
on 17 january 1961 , katangan forces , supported by the belgian government 's desire to retain rights to mine for copper and diamonds in katanga and south kasai and the u.s. central intelligence agency 's desire to remove any leftist sympathizers in the region , assassinated patrice lumumba .
in 1934 , lazia was assassinated and his underboss charles " charley the wop " carollo ascended to the crime throne .
he was overthrown and assassinated in a " coup d'état " led by blaise compaoré on october 15 , 1987 , sometimes believed to have been at the instruction of france .
after another attempt to sabotage the company stark international in " iron man " # 166 ( jan. 1983 ) , the character reappears in " marvel two - in - one " # 96 ( feb. 1983 ) before being assassinated during the " scourge of the underworld " storyline in " avengers " # 263 ( jan. 1986 ) .
caliph uthman was assassinated in 656 , and when ayesha , wife of prophet mohammad , raised the cry for the vengeance of blood of uthman , zubair along with another influential personality , talha ibn ubaidullah joined ayesha and marched to basra , where 4000 suspected persons , who joined the rebels to besieged caliph uthman 's house , were killed .
" nabis was assassinated in 192 bce , and sparta was forced by philopoenien to enroll itself as a member of the achaean league under a phil - achaean aristocracy .
ric members were threatened and some were assassinated .
when his grandfather was assassinated in 1913 , george became the crown prince ( diadochos ) as well as the duke of sparta .
the spanish diplomat carmelo soria , who was assassinated by the chilean dina in 1976 , was arturo soria 's nephew .
the last legitimate khagan , öge , was assassinated in 847 , having spent his 6-year reign in fighting the kyrgyz , the supporters of his rival ormïzt , a brother of kürebir , and tang china boundary troops in ordos and shaanxi , which he invaded in 841 .
some , such as " el barba gutiérrez " , leader of the peronist workers ' youth , as well as juan carlos dante gullo , of the peronist youth , believed that rucci had been assassinated by the cia , in an attempt to distabilize peronism .
abdul was assassinated in 1807 .
however , national tragedy struck when president john f. kennedy was assassinated on november 22 which caused a rescheduling of pitt 's final game against penn state to december 7 .
in 1963 , during poullada 's posting , togo 's president , sylvanus olympio , was assassinated at the united states embassy gates .
the first world war was sparked in the balkans in 1914 when a serbian backed organisation assassinated in bosnia and herzegovina 's capital sarajevo the austro - hungarian heir archduke franz ferdinand of austria .
in november two local officials were assassinated .
ironically , the legislation creating the agency was on abraham lincoln 's desk the night he was assassinated .
however its start was delayed after heydrich was assassinated in june 1942 by czech soe agents in " operation anthropoid " .
in 1949 kim was assassinated by ahn doo - hee ( 안두희 ; 安斗熙 ) in his office .
later , after dai li was assassinated , someone shot charles from behind and this time the bullet took off a piece of his scalp near the crown of his head .
the name was again changed in 1964 in honor of president john f. kennedy , who had been assassinated on november 22 , 1963 .
on 2 november 1847 the patriarch of the family and landlord of the surrounding estate , major denis mahon , was assassinated by several local men in an incident that became infamous across ireland and england at the time .
the idea of an eternal flame for president kennedy resonated well with the general public , and in 1964 the u.s. postal service used an image of the eternal flame on the official postage stamp that was issued to commemorate the assassinated president .
abeltsev has publicly proposed that yevgeny adamov , former russian atomic energy minister , should be assassinated to prevent him from disclosing state secrets in switzerland .
close to populist leader juan perón , and a chief representative of the " syndical bureaucracy " ( the trade - union movement 's right wing ) ; he was assassinated in 1973 .
anacleto was captured and framed with charges that he has assassinated american edgar wilkens , when in fact the government knew that wilkens had been murdered by his robber , guadalupe zuno .
she was assassinated on 10 november 2003 near her mansion home in the plush northern johannesburg suburb of abbotsford , the same suburb where controversial mining magnate brett kebble was murdered later in 2005 born as hazel elizabeth magee in belfast , northern ireland , she emigrated to then rhodesia as a child and later to south africa in adult life .
those political leaders assassinated during the campaign included arkansas congressman james m. hinds , three members of the south carolina legislature , and several men who served in constitutional conventions . "
hence , in 1934 , with the night of the long knives ( 30 june–2 july ) , hitler assassinated every feasible nazi political opponent ; ernst röhm ’s killing was justified because he was homosexual , and to suppress moral outrage in the brownshirt " sturmabteilung " ( sa ) ranks .
adopted by the heap family as a baby in place of septimus , " jenna heap " is the daughter of an assassinated queen .
don uggie apelino was a genetically altered intelligent ape that encountered dredd several times - first during a gang war , and later after a foiled attempt to have dredd assassinated .
meanwhile , jewish revolutionary groups assassinated nobles loyal to the king .
in 41 caligula was assassinated , and for two days following his assassination , the senate debated the merits of restoring the republic .
lukanov was assassinated outside his apartment building in sofia , bulgaria .
in that function he assassinated alexandre galopin , director of the société générale de belgique , and tried to murder albert devèze , minister of state , charles collard - de sloovere , attorney general , and robert de foy , former state security director .
he was the president of the earth alliance and was assassinated on the orders of his own vice president – morgan clark .
it houses some of the smithsonian ’s best - known treasures , including the star - spangled banner , the flag that inspired the national anthem ; the hat worn by president lincoln the night he was assassinated ; the portable desk used by thomas jefferson as he wrote the declaration of independence ; and the woolworth lunch counter that was the site of the 1960 student sit - in in greensboro , n.c.
the army was trained by japanese instructors and exploited by ronins when queen min was assassinated by the japanese on october 8 , 1895 .
massoud was assassinated on sept. 9 , 2001 .
he appears moments after dante is assassinated during the crusades with the intention of taking dante to hell after revealing that he fought under false pretenses and that his family will suffer the price for his acts .
covered by an impenetrable blackness , melkor and ungoliant then travelled to formenos , assassinated finwë and stole the silmarils , before escaping in the confusion .
in 217 , the emperor caracalla was assassinated and replaced by his praetorian prefect , marcus opellius macrinus .
gradually the natives realised that the assassinated woman must have emerged as a goddess who they called manakkott amma .
chancellor dollfuss was assassinated by austrian nazis on 25 july 1934 , in a failed coup .
geta was assassinated in his mother 's apartments by order of caracalla , who thereafter ruled as sole augustus .
he had been the finance minister for seven months when he was assassinated on 6 february 1911 by two georgian
in january , 1906 , spiridonova assassinated police inspector general g.n. luzhenovsky who had ordered the brutal police suppression of a peasant uprising during russian revolution of 1905 .
on may 20 , 2007 , guram sharadze was assassinated on melikishvili avenue in central tbilisi in front of the aldagi insurance company office by giorgi barateli , an erstwhile friend of his son .
while hitler cited mussolini as an influence , mussolini had little regard for hitler , especially after the nazis had assassinated his friend and ally , engelbert dollfuss the austrofascist dictator of austria in 1933 .
after the collapse of president najibullah 's on april , 1992 , he was assassinated by the mujahideen or took suicide .
hamza was assassinated in august 2007 in an attack blamed on the mahdi army .
on july 19 , 1947 , yuh was assassinated in seoul by a 19-year - old man named han chigeun , a recent refugee from north korea and an active member of a nationalist right - wing group .
around 912 , the bishop of strasbourg , otbert , pursued by rebellious subjects , took refuge at " rathburg " which is perhaps rothenburg , and was assassinated there shortly after .
foxe and knox attribute to him a prophecy of the death of the cardinal , who was assassinated on 29 may following , partly in revenge for wishart 's death .
in 1978 , shortly after her ex - husband richard , a prominent anti - apartheid activist was assassinated , the family fled back to england , living at farnham in surrey , where she worked for the centre for international briefing , and joined the labour party .
tarek maaroufi , of the tunisian combat group , was sentenced to six years in prison for his role in a brussels - based fake passport ring that supplied fake belgian passports to the men who assassinated former afghan northern alliance commander ahmed shah massoud two days before the september 11 attacks .
in 1948 , gaitán , as a presidential candidate , was assassinated in bogotá .
the fortress of garni ( gorneas in latin ) became the last refuge of king mithridates of armenia , where he and his family were assassinated by his son in law and nephew rhadamistus .
less than a week before opening day , martin luther king , jr. was assassinated in memphis , triggering civil unrest in 60 american cities .
the coup began in the early morning of february 8 1963 , when the communist air force chief , jalal al - awqati was assassinated and tank units occupied the abu ghrayb radio station .
helmegis is first mentioned by the contemporary marius of avenches : according to the latter , helmegis with the collusion of the queen assassinated his king and married his wife , trying unsuccessfully to gain the throne , but was forced to escape with her wife , the royal treasure and the troops loyal to him .
basque terrorists eta in spain have assassinated many security and political figures since the late 1960s , notably luis carrero blanco in 1973 .
it was a persian province by name but after the persians assassinated dhi yazan , yemen divided into a number of autonomous kingdoms .
john wilkes booth ( may 10 , 1838–april 26 , 1865 ) was an american stage actor who assassinated president abraham lincoln at ford 's theatre , in washington , d.c. , on april 14 , 1865 .
in september 867 , michael was assassinated by basil , who ( together with a new patriarch , ignatius ) sent to the rus ' an archbishop who propped up the religious fervor of the local leaders with rich presents .
when pm zoran đinđić got assassinated on march 12 , 2003 , nebojša čović ( one of the five deputy pms at the time ) became the acting pm for four days until zoran živković got named as the new prime minister on march 16 , 2003 .
tătărescu became leader of the cabinet in january 1934 , as the fascist iron guard had assassinated prime minister duca on december 30 , 1933 ( the five - day premiership of constantin anghelescu ensured transition between the two governments ) .
this period lasted until 1747 , when persian ruler nadir shah was assassinated .
scofield is assassinated as a result of these prosecutions .
he was assassinated on february 27 , 1989 , one of several killings directed against the leftist patriotic union at the time .
having been given a number of supporting roles in film since his appearance in " los taitas , " cruz was cast as the happy - go - lucky ghost of an assassinated stockyards worker in fernando solanas ' " sur " ( 1987 ) , a chronicle of the lives of a working - class southside borough in buenos aires during argentina 's brutal last dictatorship .
the defense was successfully led by sgt patrick mcdonnell who was subsequently assassinated on may 10th of the same year at goold 's cross railway station on his way to the ric hut .
lincoln had been assassinated on april 14 , 1865 , and by may 9 of that year , a military commission had been convened to try the accused .
in the episode " luxury lounge , " rusty and his bodyguard / driver , edward " eddie " pietro were assassinated in rusty 's driveway by italian hitmen contracted by tony .
however , zhvania 's family members have questioned the official version of the death , with goga zhvania having said that he was sure that his brother was assassinated .
a fellow agent and close friend , charlie merriweather ( clark johnson ) , is later assassinated in front of his home .
on september 14 , 1982 , gemayel was assassinated in a massive explosion which demolished his headquarters .
amin put one of his nephews in charge of the secret police , but that nephew was assassinated .
around the year 1526 b.c. ( short ) , hantili , with the help of zidanta , his son - in - law , assassinated mursili .
at the royal command , the cardinal was assassinated at the château de blois by the king 's bodyguard known as " the forty - five " , the day after his brother .
hanzo takemura begs her forgiveness , however is still assassinated by oyuki for honourable retribution .
however , he jin was soon assassinated by the eunuchs and the capital fell into chaos .
in the year 200 , while tending to the ill dong cheng , he overheard cheng speaking in his sleep of having the prime minister , cao cao , assassinated .
two years earlier against miami on 8 december , smith was getting ready to attempt a field goal when howard cosell announced to the " monday night football " television audience that musician john lennon had just been assassinated .
on december 23 , 1588 , henry iii 's guardsmen assassinated the duke and his brother , louis ii and the duke 's son was imprisoned .
ni wenjun was trapped and then assassinated by chen youliang , who sought to thwart ni 's intended coup against his commander , xu shouhui .
however , he was assassinated before he could carry out the plan .
( march 22 , 1944 – january 20 , 1979 ) was a roman catholic priest in el salvador who was assassinated on january 20 , 1979 .
in march 1258 , the dictator choe u was assassinated by kim jun.
unconvinced that wu would change his plans , they assassinated wu and took over the army .
an official investigation by the house select committee on assassinations ( hsca ) , conducted from 1976 to 1979 , concluded that oswald assassinated president kennedy as a result of a probable conspiracy .
he was assassinated before completing the revision , but the book was nevertheless posthumously published in 1964 with an introduction by his brother , then attorney general robert f. kennedy .
on the 24 february 1945 he was recognized in the street by an informer and promptly assassinated by a squad of soldiers belonging to the republic of salò .
karuvayoor moosad assassinated thinayancherry elayath , one of the ministers of the zamorin of kozhikode ( calicut ) .
jumblatt has publicly spoken of his fear of being assassinated , like hariri , because of his current stance towards damascus .
an jung - geun assassinated ito hirobumi on the railway platform in harbin , manchuria in 1909 .
a former bdm leader , ilse hirsch was part of the team who assassinated franz oppenhoff , the allied - appointed mayor of aachen , in march 1945 .
in 1981 , the group assassinated egyptian president anwar sadat .
she was assassinated on 27 december 2007 , after departing a ppp rally in the pakistani city of rawalpindi , two weeks before the scheduled pakistani general election of 2008 where she was a leading opposition candidate .
thus , when arriving at the king 's farm , einar and his son eindride were assassinated .
pando saw none of this , however , for he was assassinated near la paz in june 1917 .
on 13 may 2000 , boško perošević , the president of the provincial executive council of vojvodina , was assassinated in novi sad by milivoje gutović , a supposedly mentally ill security guard at an agricultural fair perošević was opening that day .
marc continues a kind of investigation in the arms of christine , of julie and of melissa which , in turn , succumb to its charm and him entrust force details which strengthen its conviction : philippe was indeed assassinated ...
aibak rose to power when a ghorid superior was assassinated .
the 24 june 1960 attempt , in which the president was badly burned , inflamed world public opinion against trujillo , who was in turn assassinated in the dominican republic a year later .
he was forced to ignore his predecessors extravagant grants of private rights to nobles , who eventually conspired and assassinated him .
his rule would be short , however , as he was assassinated on 21 october 1993 during a military coup by elements of the predominantly tutsi army .
in 392 , the frankish and pagan " magister militum " arbogast assassinated valentinian ii and proclaimed an obscure senator named eugenius as emperor .
nur mohammad taraki , babrak karmal , and hafizullah amin overthrew the regime of mohammad daoud , and brutally assassinated him and his family , dumping them in an unmarked mass grave .
he removed theodora from the great palace to the carian palace and later to the monastery of gastria , but after the death of bardas she was released to live in the palace of st mamas ; she also had a rural residence at the anthemian palace , where michael was assassinated in 867 .
osbat al - ansar gained public interest in lebanon after members assassinated the head of al - ahbash in january 1995 .
he was assassinated by agents of the burmese military dictatorship on february 14 2008 .
however , when the president of the high council is assassinated , he becomes the prime suspect , while an old enemy lurks in the shadows , pulling the strings .
loganathan was assassinated just outside his home by a single man who claimed himself a member of the " cid,"criminal investigation department ) according to his family members ) .
just as luis and sheridan finally reconcile their feelings for one another , sheridan is apparently assassinated by one of the cartel 's hitmen .
in revenge , the brigades assassinated his brother roberto in 1981 .
in june 1978 , suleiman frangieh 's son tony frangieh , himself a member of parliament , was assassinated together with his wife and infant daughter .
other parentage advanced for eadric are wulfric spot ( which would make aelfhelm of york whom he assassinated , his own uncle ) or aethelric , ealdorman of mercia who was his predecessor as ealdorman .
after the general xiao daocheng assassinated emperor houfei in 477 , and effectively took over the government , wang was recalled to the capital in 478 .
at around 11:45pm on may 27 , 2004 " dan " founder and editor - in - chief duško jovanović was assassinated on a podgorica street in front of the paper 's offices .
in russia alone , five emperors were assassinated within less than 200 years - ivan vi , peter iii , paul i , alexander ii and nicholas ii ( along with his family : his wife , alexandra ; daughters olga , tatiana , maria and anastasia , and son alexey ) .
while on a hunting trip in the forest of lognes , near livry , in picardy , bilichild , along with her husband the king and her eldest son , the five - year - old dagobert , were assassinated by a band of dissatisfied neustrians —
the mini - series departed from the novel in that it does not address the idea ( which oates discusses at length ) that monroe may have been assassinated .
into this gap stepped sextus tarquinius ( unless previously assassinated at gabii ) , whose rape of lucretia had been the event that triggered the revolution .
seeing duke huan was steady at his throne , duke zhuang of lu assassinated jiu eventually in order to make peace .
joan 's great grand - daughter ( through her daughter isabelle of laval ) was charlotte de laval ( 1530–1568 ) , wife of gaspard de coligny , admiral of france ( assassinated in 1572 ) .
colonel carlos castillo armas was installed as president in 1954 and ruled until he was assassinated by a member of his personal guard in 1957 .
perdiccas was assassinated by his officers ( peithon , antigenes , and seleucus ) sometime in either 321 or 320 bc .
m'naghton had assassinated edward drummond , secretary to sir robert peel ( then prime minister ) , but there was no doubt that he was seriously mentally ill and he was acquitted in a verdict so sensational that queen victoria herself called for him to be retried in the house of lords . whilst this undoubtedly offended the principle of double jeopardy ,
he was assassinated by an english soldier named john lambert on 18 june 1626 , as he was coming out of church , accompanied by his brother william scott and his nephew thomas scott .
also during world war ii , spaniards assassinated the vichy generals von schaumberg ( commandant of the region around paris ) and von ritter ( a recruiter of forced labor ) .
during the trial for the portella della ginestra massacre he made the startling revelation that it had been he who assassinated giuliano in his sleep , a statement which contradicted the police account that giuliano had been shot by carabinieri captain antonio perenze in a gunfight in castelvetrano .
arthur deposed tuesday of his role and allowed him to live ; but it is later revealed in " sir thursday " that he was assassinated and it was suspected to be by superior saturday , and he was pushed or thrown off the top of the pit , being sorcerously controlled to not cry out or resist falling , whereupon he died in a pool of nothing at the bottom .
johnson had received in 1967 information from both the fbi and cia that in the early 1960s , the cia had tried to have castro assassinated , had employed members of the mafia in this effort , and that attorney general robert kennedy had known about both the plots and the mafia 's involvement .
their biggest case , however , could prove to be finding out why someone wants kurokawa assassinated .
a spiritual leader of the abkhaz muslims and imam of the gudauta mosque , hamzat ( rokki ) gitsba , was assassinated in gudauta on 18 august 2007 .
on may 24 , 1993 , archbishop juan jesús posadas ocampo , along with six other people , was assassinated on the parking lot of guadalajara international airport .
its first public performance took place a month later on november 27 at an impromptu memorial at san francisco city hall for mayor george moscone and openly - gay supervisor harvey milk , both of whom had been assassinated by former supervisor dan white earlier that day .
after james i was assassinated in 1437 , she took over the regency for her son : she had also been a target for her husband 's assassins , but escaped , injured , from the place of the assassination , took custady of her son - now james ii - and resumed the regency .
immediately after a chinese mob assassinated governor ferreira do amaral on august 22 , 1849 , chinese imperial troops mobilized on the guangdong province - macau frontier .
near here , john wilkes booth , assisted by thomas a. jones of huckleberry farm , was rowed across the potomac river into virginia , a week after he assassinated president abraham lincoln .
despite the earlier disagreements between the two leaders , it was ultimately a major blow to hungary 's status in wallachia when vlad was assassinated that same year .
on 15 august 1975 some junior members of the armed forces in dhaka , led by major faruk rahman and major rashid , assassinated sheikh mujibur rahman and all his family members .
according to its findings , captains glele and pierre boni were going to follow kouandété until de souza was assassinated , when they would eradicate their leader and insert zinsou back into power .
however , when the governor of greece , john capodistria ( ioannis kapodistrias ) ( καποδíστριας ) was assassinated in 1831 in nafplion , the greek peninsula plunged into confusion .
in may 2004 , chechen separatists assassinated akhmad kadyrov , the pro - russia chechen leader who became the president of chechnya 8 months earlier after an election conducted by russian authorities .
in his life as ho yoo myun , he assassinated a warlord only to be killed by the sages in an ambush .
in august , 465 b.c he assassinated xerxes with the help of a eunuch aspamitres . greek historians give contradicting accounts on the full story .
the next day , a group of gunmen assassinated members of the marine 's family , including his mother .
nero was assassinated to rid rome of his bad management .
he succeeded his father mwami lenghe rugaza , who was assassinated in 1997 in the violent disorder which took place after the liberation of the drc by laurent - désiré kabila .
the school opened in 1998 as espanola middle school west but in 2003 , during the construction of the new addition , the school was re - named to ' carlos f. vigil ' a well - known criminal attorney of northern new mexico who was assassinated half block from the santa fe county district courthouse .
the psp suffered a major setback in 1977 , when kamal jumblatt was assassinated .
on the afternoon of november 22 , 1963 — the day john f. kennedy was assassinated and the day marcello was acquitted in his deportation case — new orleans private investigator guy banister and one of his employees , jack martin , were drinking together at a local bar .
dominique also took on a former police chief dany toussaint ( a former haïtian senator ) , whom he accused of having his rival for the position of secretary of state for public security , jean lamy , assassinated .
d'aubuisson ordered archbishop romero assassinated .
yogeswaran 's wife , sarojini , later became mayor of jaffna and was also assassinated .
it is common mythology that lincoln was wearing a black suit by brooks brothers when he was assassinated .
tacitus probably died of fever ( according to aurelius victor , eutropius and the historia augusta ) - though zosimus claims he was assassinated - at tyana in cappadocia in june 276 .
after several years of warfare , emperor le chieu tong was assassinated 1522 by mac dang dung 's supporters .
in the summer of 1237 , the first wave of this cuman exodus appeared in bulgaria ; in 1239 , köten ( one of the cuman chieftains ) demanded the protection of the hungarian king for his retinue and subjects , but when he was assassinated in 1241 by a lynch mob in pest , the cumans left hungary " en masse " precisely when king béla iv was preparing the defense against the impeding mongol invasion .
later jonas hodges was taken into custody and offered an immunity deal and witness protection , olivia taylor orders him to be assassinated .
beale street , and the lorraine motel ( now the national civil rights museum , where martin luther king , jr. was assassinated on april 4 , 1968 ) are located in the downtown area .
he completed his phd on the emergence of a social movement of trade union workers on the east rand under the supervision of eddie webster and david webster ( who was assassinated by the apartheid regime ) .
contacts between the men were usually carried out through a mediator radovan " badža " stojičić , serbia 's police chief and milošević 's close associate , who was assassinated in april 1997 .
his father , musa ibn fortun , appears in scattered accounts of the late 8th century , and was apparently assassinated in musa ’s youth .
the following summer , the governor of nineveh province was assassinated and most of the sunni arab provincial council members walked out in the ensuing selection of the new governor , leaving kurdish members in charge of a predominantly sunni arab province .
benazir bhutto was assassinated on 27 december 2007 while leaving an election rally at the park .
it was initially built in 1981 by architects hellmuth , obata & kassabaum as one single hall , moscone south , and named after george moscone , a former mayor of san francisco who was assassinated in 1978 .
however , þórður kakali sighvatsson , who was working with the norwegian king , assassinated hlynur at his bedside .
other important collaborators , such as rené bousquet , head of the french police under vichy , were not sentenced ( bousquet was assassinated in 1993 , and his adjoint , jean leguay , died in 1989 after 10 years of indictment for crimes against humanity for his role in the vel ' d'hiv roundup of july 1942 , for which president jacques chirac recognized in 1995 the responsibility of the french state ) .
john m. clayton was assassinated on january 29 , 1889 , before a winner of the election could be declared .
in 1978 a prominent member of the pdpa on the parcham side of the party , mir akbar khyber , was assassinated by the government and his associates .
it was initially renamed to " sfântul dumitru " ( " saint demetrius " ) in 1918 from " casim " and then , in 1934 , to " ion gheorghe duca " in honour of the politician and prime minister of romania assassinated by the iron guard the previous year .
on september 27 , 1964 , shishakli was assassinated in brazil by nawaf ghazaleh , a syrian druze who sought revenge for the bombardments of jabal druze .
then in cy 597 , beygraf zoltan was assassinated .
