" all rankings and assessments current as of 01/21/09 . "
according to pisa assessments of 15 year olds , finnish students had a high average score and a low variation among schools and students .
dose assessments were to continue beyond 10,000 years and be placed in doe 's environmental impact statement , but were not subject to a compliance standard .
the proposition limited property tax assessments to the 1975 standard , eliminating $ 7 billion of the $ 11.4 billion in property tax revenue collected each year .
recent assessments indicate that there were of roads in the country ; of these , ( 45 percent ) were paved .
the actuarial assessments of the costs and benefits of deploying a self - treatment therefore will depend upon the presence , or not , of other individuals .
the approach of career counseling varies by practitioner , but generally they include the completion of one or more assessments ( swanson & parcover , 1998 ) .
baldessari critiques formalist assessments of art in a segment from his video "
most of these small libraries were subscription libraries that required dues and assessments .
as a result of resentment over assessments for the replacement in winnemucca , the new pershing county was created from part of humboldt county and its seat established in lovelock .
medical treatment and psychological assessments .
the command is also responsible for carrying out security assessments on civilian staff employed by those under protection , along with assessing security risks to the person protected .
swedish 15-years - old pupils have the 22nd highest average score in the pisa assessments , being neither significantly higher nor lower than the oecd average .
the process for running a board , sometimes called the board process , includes the selection of board members , the setting of clear board objectives , the dissemination of documents or board package to the board members , the collaborative creation of an agenda for the meeting , the creation and follow - up of assigned action items , and the assessment of the board process through standardized assessments of board members , owners , and ceos .
these assessments and profiles are used to both monitor and predict crime , aiming to move policing from ' reactionary ' investigation to ' proactive ' investigation .
these assessments make up part of the final assessment at the end of all key stages .
from 1993 to 1995 , he was the director for programming ( n80 ) on the staff of the chief of naval operations and served as deputy chief of naval operations , resources , warfare requirements and assessments ( n8 ) from july 1996 to november 1997 .
a former student of his , mario vella , has written one of the few critical assessments of serracino inglott as philosopher , " reflections in a canvas bag : beginning philosophy between politics and history " marsa , malta : peg , 1989 isbn 99909 - 0 - 234 - 8 .
at the time of the merger , ucles 's qualifications were offered by two wholly - owned subsidiaries : the oxford and cambridge examinations and assessments council ( oceac ) for a level and the midland examining group ( meg ) for gcse and certificate of achievement .
neutral assessments .
" ( note that some " other " assessments offered on these sites may not be free ) "
cdera acknowledged their requests and , based on preliminary damage assessments , initiated a level two response which allowed for the event to be managed at the country level with regional assistance limited to technical support and resources where required .
the cambridge programme offers a curriculum and examination system with external assessments by the university of cambridge international examinations .
( 1755 - 1815 ) , and the county tax assessments gave a value of $ 1,700 to it , placing its value at about equal to “ marshall hall ” .
clinical simulations in various subjects allow the students to enhance their skills and monitor their performance through self - assessments using i.t. learning means .
miss brooks has never asked to meet me but i would be happy to as i 'm sure that she would rather base her assessments on me personally rather than on a photograph of me .
next on the agenda are the bost assessments by the flag officer sea training staff .
unaware of the extent of rommel 's desperate supply situation but buoyed by over - optimistic intelligence assessments of the casualties suffered by the german armour , auchinleck strongly urged ritchie to mount a counter - attack along the coast to take advantage of the german armour 's absence and to break through to timimi and then mechili .
their works covered a number of subjects related to pollution such as air pollution , water pollution , soil contamination , municipal solid waste mishandling , and environmental impact assessments of certain localities .
his assessments of sir syed ahmad khan and allama iqbal have been heretical but have escaped attention because his scholarship is unassailable and we generally do n’t like reading controversial things if they are deeply scholarly .
marketing assessments are a term in united states agriculture policy .
these indices are based on professional assessments made by a panel of international shipbroking companies .
these surveys collect extensive data for both national and international stock assessments of the main commercial species of fish and shellfish .
to raise the money he " taxed the land and exacted the silver and gold from the people of the land according to their assessments . "
use of this model clinically involves conducting a battery of assessments ( usually from the palpa ) , each of which tests one or a number of these modules .
the burden fell mostly upon the rich merchants who could well afford to pay their assessments .
assessments by political analysts show that each presidential candidate will have to spend at least us $ 150–200mn to promote himself ; this includes buying story lines in the media , visual advertising , canvassing , printing political material and , work with electoral commissions .
services include health assessments , diagnosis and treatment of minor injures and illnesses .
this practice was replaced in 1900 by a far more complex system of assessments and donations designed to raise the money to support strikes .
in addition to providing technical support to small to mid - sized manufacturers through energy assessments , the iac program offers several other important benefits .
future assessments are scheduled for age 38 , 44 and 50 .
thus , pet scans utilizing copper isotopes offer quantitative measurements and are suitable for use in regional renal perfusion assessments .
" info"dev also funded a series of notable and influential country e - readiness assessments and supported y2 k preparedness activities in many developing countries .
his work includes projects that focus on strategic marketing issues , market segmentation , product development , customer satisfaction , consumer learning , decision - making processes , distribution issues , competitive assessments and marketing communications .
these assessments are graded o , a1,a2,b1,b2,c1,c2,d
then the seaman takes required training courses , and completes on - board assessments .
showed a strong relationship with more objective assessments , although a higher
scampi also supports the conduct of iec 15504 , also known as spice ( software process improvement and capability determination ) , assessments etc .
isa 400 risk assessments and internal control is one of the international standards on auditing .
use of calculators on ib mathematics external assessments .
however , in may 2009 , chinese premier wen jiabao halted the construction of the liuku dam on the salween river in china ’s yunnan province , calling for more thorough impact assessments .
unabridged and unexpurgated translations were made , first by john payne , under the title " the book of the thousand nights and one night " ( 1882 , nine volumes ) , and then by sir richard francis burton , entitled " the book of the thousand nights and a night " ( 1885 , ten volumes ) - the latter was , according to some assessments , partially based on the former , leading to charges of plagiarism .
the office of national assessments is not a producer of intelligence ; it collates intelligence data generated by dio , asis , asio and dsd to create analytical products .
on the 2009 kansas state assessments , osawatomie high school achieved building wide standard of excellence awards in both reading and math .
this led to the creation of the strategic assessments branch in 2001 .
as of 2006 , interest in mining the area resurfaced when the canadian wildcat silver corporation acquired an 80% share in the hardshell property and began feasibility assessments .
the advisory service incorporates producing custom research and maps for island markets and ecosystems , and presenting focused strategic assessments for leadership and stakeholder groups .
alternate assessments .
other reviews echoed similar positive assessments .
defensibility assessments are key to issuing sound decisions that are less likely to be challenged and , if challenged , are more likely to be upheld .
the brandon learning centre is the first school in hong kong to offer public speaking classes based around english speaking board assessments .
national , state , and local assessments scores along with graduation rate are at the top . has achieved the kansas standard of excellence in reading for three years in a row and one year in mathematics .
from 1998 - 2002 he was the program manager for the noaa regional integrated sciences and assessments .
the group were given the task of reviewing the nature and suitability of the national statutory assessments , looking in particular at the timing of the tests , and what uses the resulting data are put to .
reviews and assessments .
the varying assessments of roman success may indicate a slim and costly victory .
most of the course assessments as well as some of the productions , now take place in there .
the strategic assessments branch of the counterterrorist center ( ctc ) of the united states central intelligence agency ( cia ) was established in 2001 to plug a gap in strategic analysis of the terrorism threat , particularly that due to al - qaeda .
environmental assessments were required for the sites .
in july , erie plating company filed a petition for reassessment , a hearing was held in january of the following year , and three months later the bureau reaffirmed its assessments .
types of online assessments .
fraud risk assessments typically involve identifying scenarios of potential ( or experienced ) fraud , related exposure to the organization , related controls , and any action taken as a result .
40 , " 192 nlrb 951 ( 1971 ) that certain fraternal activities may be included in the agency fee so long as they are not special assessments .
a risk panel is typically tasked with making such assessments .
the history of theistic satanism , and assessments of its reality or prevalence in history , is obscured by it having been grounds for execution at some times in the past , and due to individuals having been accused of it who possibly did not consider themselves to worship satan , such as in the witch trials in early modern europe .
the miniumum estimate for the california - oregon - washington population , as defined in the " u.s. pacific marine mammal stock assessments : 2005 " , is about 2,500 .
instruction is based on the reading goals and the assessments .
with a board of directors of nine private and public - sector leaders , adid is funded through a community improvement district within which commercial property owners pay special assessments .
by identifying groups working on a chemical or issue of interest , stakeholders ( e.g. , states , provinces , tribes , industry , public interest groups , or federal agency stakeholders ) are able to provide input on assessments that are underway and/or develop collaborations with document authors .
assessments ranged from totally apologetic to sharply negative .
most people make unconscious assessments of a product , service , or event not only based on the item itself , but on secondary sensory input associated with the item , which all contribute to one general impression - whether intended or not , accurate or not .
although the film itself , which debuted at the cannes , evoked widely differing assessments from international critics , jeon 's performance was universally praised , and indeed she was presented with a best actress award by the cannes jury -- the first korean ever to receive an acting award at cannes .
the classification of saint - émilion wine differs from the 1855 list in that it is updated approximately every ten years based on new assessments of quality .
new research shows the arctic sea ice to be melting faster than predicted by any of the 18 computer models used by the intergovernmental panel on climate change in preparing its 2007 assessments .
insite also consults on security management in such areas as outsourced security management , threat and vulnerability assessments , information security and executive and family protection .
however , these relief responses were generally not based on joint needs assessments and were not well coordinated , leading to an excess of some interventions such as medical teams , alongside shortages in less accessible areas or less popular sectors such as water supply .
nick petrovic is currently working on a children ’s book to assist children and parents with defiant behaviours , other contributions include working on new tools and assessments to assist children with behaviour management .
assessments and legacy .
students passing a series of performance- based assessments that incorporate the standard would be awarded a certificate of initial mastery .
critical assessments .
2003 - september : academy wins prestigious national award - sumner academy received the us dept of education 's nclb - blue ribbon schools award for its scoring on the kansas state assessments , making it just one of four schools in kansas to earn the distinction .
veracode offers security assessments of applications through a variety of technologies , including static code analysis on compiled binary executables or bytecode ; dynamic web application analysis ; and manual penetration testing and source code review .
the scores in international assessments , such as timss and pirls are not very encouraging ; special attention is also given to reduce repetition and dropout rates .
according to the latest government assessments , bath has 15 subjects rated " excellent " ( " the highest on the scale " ) .
other less frequently used assessments of swallowing are imaging studies , ultrasound and scintigraphy and nonimaging studies , electromyography ( emg ) , electroglottography ( egg)(records vocal fold movement ) , cervical auscultation , and pharyngeal manometry .
epa utilized the data to update the risk assessments for the site .
acps perform advanced airway management including intubation , surgical airways , intravenous therapy , place external jugular iv lines , perform needle thoracotomy , perform and interpret 12-lead ecgs , perform synchronized and chemical cardioversion , transcutaneous pacing , perform obstetrical assessments , provide pharmacological chemical pain relief for various conditions , and reverse hypoglycemic states .
classroom based assessments in many fields have been created and piloted by actual students through an ospi project focused on student voice and authentic assessment .
additionally ehrb conducts practice - related assessments of technical support staff who are undertaking accredited courses of study .
following the confederate raid on washington that resulted in the battle of fort stevens , new assessments were made of weak spots in washington 's defenses .
on returning to wellington in 1995 he become director of the external assessments bureau .
mds assessments are required for residents on admission to the nursing facility and then periodically , within specific guidelines and time frames .
reliability checks and assessments are conditions of employment under the " public service employment act " , and , thus , all government of canada employees have at least reliability status screening completed prior to their appointment .
statistics and contemporary assessments indicate that he was a dominant antipodean racehorse of the 19th century , and he still ranks with such 20th - century thoroughbreds as such as his descendants nearco , northern dancer , secretariat , seattle slew , ballymoss , shergar , arkle , never say die , mr. prospector , nasrullah , nijinsky ii ( winner of the uk triple crown ) , royal palace , fort marcy , better loosen up , sir ivor , invasor , phar lap , tulloch , kingston town and bernborough in terms of renown among turf historians .
the sea recommended that the blocks in or overlapping with the boundaries of the moray firth and cardigan bay special areas of conservation should also be withheld from licensing for the present whilst the further assessments initiated following the 24th licensing round applications are concluded .
non - threatening results - formative assessments are scored but not graded .
this ingenious strategy allows both the curious reader and serious researchers in southern african studies to access a good spectrum of representative critical assessments of his work .
in addition to their daily assessments , regular evaluations take place through monthly , termly , and end of year examinations .
windpro is developed by the danish energy consultant s. windpro is trusted by investment banks to create wind energy assessments used to determine financing for proposed wind farms .
at the time , whistler - blackcomb was attempting to secure a tax exemption from the municipality of whistler for the increased assessments caused by the new terminal buildings .
while a baseline funding objective technically provides sufficient reserves , in actual practice special assessments are common among these associations due to lack of any " margin " for unanticipated expenses .
unit assessments are unseen and should a student fail an assessment opportunity , only one re - sit opportunity is provided using a fresh unseen assessment .
these assessments are not tryouts ; therefore , everyone who participates in one is guaranteed a spot on a team .
the initial drop tested the ability of the bomb to clear or breach mine fields ; however , no reliable assessments of mine clearing effectiveness are publicly available .
its missouri assessment program ( map ) scores surpassed state averages in all 10 assessments .
assessments of eliade 's work were in sharp contrast to one another : also in 1936 , eliade accepted an award from the romanian writers ' society , of which he had been a member since 1934 .
he will lead the institute for effective education at the university of york - this is an international , independent multi - disciplinary resource focused on producing high - quality evidence - based assessments of educational practice and policy , and translating it into effective action to benefit all young people .
the emphasis of ubd is on " backward design " , the practice of looking at the outcomes in order to design curriculum units , performance assessments , and classroom instruction .
the schools also have a very high percentage of students meeting oregon ’s statewide assessments in reading and mathematics as well as the oregon department of education academic standards .
the realtor is asked to be very direct in their opinion of the home and often their assessments can be brutal and demeaning .
recent arts assessments .
the cttc ’s online competency assessment system delivers approximately 75,000 assessments per year .
recent assessments emphasize the immense and real chasm between the wealthy and the poor during the edwardian era and portray the age as heralding great changes in political and social life .
academic inflation leads employers to put more and more faith into certificates and diplomas awarded on the basis of other people 's assessments .
there have been several neutral assessments of the losses incurred by both india and pakistan during the war .
he has overseen threat and vulnerability assessments for a ruling family in the united arab emirates and has also worked on crime reduction and national security strategies in trinidad & tobago and mexico city , mexico .
despite these assessments , the battle of the yalu river is remembered by the chinese as a humiliating loss .
nero claimed his parents were abusive , although given his state of mind , such assessments should not be taken at face value .
assessments .
assessments .
her training will include sports vision assessments to help with spatial awareness at high speed .
van swieten has not fared well in assessments of his personal demeanor .
on the basis of fish assessments , maryland fisheries biologists have concluded that “
in february , some 161 parcels of land were advertised for sale for delinquent lighting assessments .
13 requesting the national computer center - cict to deputize philippine web accessibility group to undertake web accessibility assessments of government websites .
why should i undertake risk assessments ?
it began conducting simple evaluations of its member universities in 1983 and more detailed evaluations beginning in 1994 that included separate assessments at the departmental and institutional level .
assessments are generally one - time - only payments made by the union member to the union to cover a special program or activity .
the stations offer health assessments and make referrals to outside health services , and health educators provide consumer education sessions .
peer has released e - mails and documents from current and former interior scientists challenging the integrity of the environmental assessments of arctic offshore oil development .
assessments .
computer - modeled reverberation studies , environmental assessments , and mechanical / electrical noise control are all services that are provided .
they urged member states to base import restrictions on scientific risk assessments , and to use official wto notification mechanisms .
the dispensary was run to assist the poor communities of east side , and it soon diversified beyond a basic pharmacy , providing social assessments and support to local families .
in addition to diagnosing and treating illness , they also provide preventive care , including routine checkups , health - risk assessments , immunization and screening tests , and personalized counseling on maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
inflation can obscure quantitative assessments of the true cost of living , as published price indices only look at data in retrospect , so may increase only months or years later .
tax assessments for railroad property were raised to match those of other property .
critical assessments and controversy .
the researchers concluded that when evaluating the impact of celebrity endorsements , one must also consider “ subtler effects , such as those on viability assessments . ”
jungian personality assessments include the mbti assessment , developed by isabel briggs myers and katharine cook briggs , and the keirsey temperament sorter , developed by david keirsey .
since then , the council has received two requests from natural resources canada to perform assessments on the topics of groundwater and gas hydrates .
his first flag assignment was in united states special operations command as the director of strategic assessments and resources .
assessments include clinical eeg recordings , electrocardiograms , multi - channel eeg brain mapping as well as auditory , somatosensory , and cognitive evoked potential recordings .
the brier score is a proper score function that measures the accuracy of a set of probability assessments .
cmh hosts health expos to provide the community with low cost labs and health assessments .
it has a common integrated processor ( cip ) , a central " brain " capable of making damage assessments , not just on enemy forces , but on collateral and civilian casualties as well .
synthesis reports are assessments of scientific literature that compile the results of a range of stand - alone studies in order to achieve a broad level of understanding , or to describe the state of knowledge of a given subject .
the risk information exchange ( riskie ) is a free internet database tracking in - progress and recently completed chemical risk assessments and toxicity evaluations .
international competitions and assessments for schools ( icas ) is an academic examination run by the university of new south wales through educational assessment australia .
one indication of the severity of the fire can be seen in assessments of gilbert becket 's wealth , based largely on his london property , which declined sharply in its aftermath .
i share the concerns of many that if our system is driven around assessments , pencil - and - paper tests that test a kid 's ability to memorize stuff , i would say that reliance threatens to institutionalize bad teaching practices . ”
it held responsibility for the marking of the uk national curriculum assessments until 2008 when ets europe was given the contract .
as of july 2008 , environmental assessments are underway for lrts on sheppard avenue east and don mills road , and for the harbourfront route , including an extension of the route from exhibition place to queen street west at roncesvalles avenue .
for example , ssi includes airport and aircraft operator security programs ; the details of various aviation , maritime or rail transportation security measures including perimeter security and access control ; procedures for the screening of passengers and their baggage ; the results of vulnerability assessments of any mode of transportation ; the technical specifications of certain screening equipment and the objects used to test such equipment ; and , training materials that could be used to penetrate or circumvent security .
criticism of atheism is based on a variety of arguments , including assessments of its validity , the consequences of not believing , its impact on morality , and the dogmatism and actions of those who are atheists .
stefan schmitz believes that reporting duties , results - orientated action and ongoing performance assessments are essential for the sake of aid effectiveness , but political will must be already there for this to happen .
according to some assessments , dust clouds would devastatingly contaminate the whole europe .
transition services , post - secondary goals , and transition assessments .
nssb gathered research on the creation of skill requirements , skill assessments , and certification processes .
instructional design coordinators are responsible for overseeing the development and distribution of web - based course content , working with instructors to develop and maintain functional web pages and facilitate the use of dynamic web applications for the distribution of course content , assessments , communication , grade reporting , as well as other tasks required to conduct a complete online learning program via the web .
as authorized by federal law , naep has administered the mathematics , reading , science , and writing assessments to samples of students in selected urban districts .
although bryant park is a public park , bpc accepts no public funds , and operates the park on revenue from assessments on surrounding property within the bid and revenues generated by public events .
second , new regulations permit the use of alternate assessments based on modified academic achievement standards to report proficiency for up to 2% of students in a state .
the university is well - known as one of the uk ’s top providers of teacher education in the university sector and recent external assessments of teaching and learning activities resulted in fifteen subjects being awarded a rating equivalent to ' excellent ' .
he serves as chief scientific adviser to the chief of staff and secretary of the air force , and provides assessments on a wide range of scientific and technical issues affecting the air force mission .
operating from thames house on millbank in central london , it provides regular assessments to government departments , major companies and institutions , predominantly in the transport , financial services , utilities and telecommunications industries .
cook credits his good friend matt dudney , son of country music legend barbara mandrell for insisting that he seek medical attention from professionals at vanderbilt university medical center in nashville , tennessee to insure he was receiving the best care in the field of vocal assessments .
critics point out that the cats changes significantly increased reported proficiency rates compared to the national assessment of educational progress , a problem found in many state assessments .
ella writes to tassie saying that " in the end , our assessments and opinions counted for ( and continue to count for ) precious little , and we have kept our public speculation to a minimum for fear of government reprisal " .
7 . epa developed science policies regarding risk assessments
as a result , test developers have needed to create tests to ensure all students , including those with special needs ( e.g. , students identified with disabilities ) , are given the opportunity to demonstrate the extent to which they have mastered the content measured on state assessments .
formal assessments include weekly spelling , tables and mental maths tests in literacy ( english ) , numeracy ( maths ) and science and end - of - year qca tests , including yr6 key stage 2 sats .
rather than scoring the tests and giving individual assessments , he gave all the students the exact same analysis copied from a newspaper astrology column .
medico - legal psychiatric assessments are also utilized in the context of child safety and child protection services .
in 1992 , sheeler joined allison appraisals & assessments , a nationwide business appraisal , advisory and litigation services firm .
using the ndvi for quantitative assessments ( as opposed to qualitative surveys as indicated above ) raises a number of issues that may seriously limit the actual usefulness of this index if they are not properly addressed .
later assessments have found much merit in the piece .
county assessments .
based on a survey of lca practitioners carried out in 2006 most life cycle assessments are carried out with dedicated software packages .
rasch models are used for analysing data from assessments to measure things such as abilities , attitudes , and personality traits .
operational experience with ip network assessments of a variety of organizations provides evidence from the field that configuration errors are very common and impactful .
through recent teaching quality assessments , ljmu is top of the league for teaching in physics and astronomy , applied social work , health studies , hospitality , leisure , recreation , sport and tourism , and has consistently received good ratings for other subject areas .
in an op - ed published by " forward " , leonard fein , a former professor of politics and klutznick professor of contemporary jewish studies at brandeis university , takes issue with ngo monitor 's statement that human rights watch ( hrw ) places “ extreme emphasis on critical assessments of israel ” and has issued more reports about hrw than on any other of the 75 ngos it concerns itself with .
the flow assessments have been made by water balance studies with approximation of the discharge contributed by the springs in the lake bed .
the domesday survey therefore recorded the names of the new holders of lands and the assessments on which their tax was to be paid .
on july 9 , 2004 the committee issued " report of the select committee on intelligence on the u.s. intelligence community 's prewar intelligence assessments on iraq " , " and on june 5 , 2008 , it issued a long - delayed portion of its " phase two " investigative report , which compared the prewar public statements made by top bush administration officials to justify the invasion with the intelligence information that was available to them at that time .
over this three years , a system for moderation of teacher assessments would be developed .
at the most recent ( age 32 ) assessments , 96% of all living eligible study members , or 972 people , participated .
because of the subjective nature of the scale , there may be discrepancies between assessments by different doctors , but the overall reliability and ease of use has made this scale the most commonly employed by medical professionals .
astm 2018 is a guide for property condition assessments , or pca , and is used in the commercial environment .
access also enables these designated employees to conduct damage assessments , and much more .
the summer 2008 in - country field team selected the land site for construction , recruited local contractors and architects , initiated engineering plans for construction , met with students and families for needs assessments and local ngos and businesses in exploring revenue generation options for sustainability , researched khmer curriculum for secondary education and teacher professional training , met with pertinent government officials as well as local and international ngos for research and partnership exploration in regard to education and economic development , and presented a medical needs assessment for the school community .
the most common components in the sbhc scope of service are comprehensive health assessments , anticipatory guidance , vision and hearing screenings , immunizations , treatment of acute illness , laboratory services , and prescription services .
as one of the leading officials of the age , peter was a controversial figure , receiving greatly differing assessments from his contemporaries .
assessments of cristofori .
that year , summative , end - of - year assessments in reading , english / language arts , and mathematics were administered in grades four , six , and eight .
massachusetts has scored highest of all the states in math on the national assessments of educational progress .
for grades 3 , 5 , 7 and 9 will also experience the isa test , the international schools assessments .
a straight average of designated assessments published in media reports .
a list of assythments ( ie , assessments made as a result of judgments ) is also given , but skene thought that these were not authentic .
these outcomes are chosen based on a variety of assessments and teacher recommendations .
4 . action orientation : ee materials should promote civic responsibility , encouraging learners to use their knowledge , personal skills , and assessments of environmental issues as a basis for environmental problem solving and action .
the product of tef is the toxic equivalency quantity ( teq ) , and it is this value that is used in risk assessments ( an on - line ) .
iis are an important tool to increase and sustain high vaccination coverage by consolidating vaccination records of children from multiple providers , generating reminder and recall vaccination notices for each child , and providing official vaccination forms and vaccination coverage assessments .
conflicting post - war assessments .
usariem ’s basic and applied research capabilities are focused upon biomedical evaluations , health hazard assessments , countermeasures development and a rapid response to a diverse range of environmental threats and problems .
the office of national assessments and australian security intelligence organisation also occupy premises at russell .
there are few recognised measures of quality of working life , and of those that exist few have evidence of validity and reliability , that is , there is a very limited literature based on peer reviewed evbaluations of available assessments .
. assessments that measure multiple domains of reading include gray 's diagnostic reading tests–2nd edition ( gdrt ii ) and the stanford diagnostic reading assessment .
one alternative is to measure credit risk in a standardised manner , supported by external credit assessments .
some charge that assessments may drop out important non - quantifiable or inaccessible information , such as variations among the classes of people exposed to hazards .
ong has also published papers in international journals on exercise physiology , sports ergonomics and fitness assessments as well as research papers on education .
qualitative risk assessments are descriptive versus measurable .
lauded by the majority of the international critical press , hershey felder ’s works appear to inspire ardent fans as well as detractors much like the critical assessments of the work of the masters he represents .
in the absence of written documents , most aspects of the rise of early civilizations are contained in archaeological assessments involving the development of formal institutions and the material culture .
with this knowledge , students can be provided with additional information that can guide their learning , leading to improved performance on future educational assessments and problem solving tasks .
these assessments were given in a paper / pencil format at testing sites across the nation and scored at the nocti headquarters .
in general , nuclear power plants have private insurance and assessments that are pooled into a fund currently worth about $ 10 billion .
the payment card industry ( pci ) qualified security assessor ( qsa ) designation is conferred by the to those individuals that meet specific information security education requirements , have taken the appropriate training from the pci security standards council , are employees of an , and will be performing pci compliance assessments as they relate to the protection of credit card data .
one popular approach to assist in smart growth in democratic countries is for law - makers to require prospective developers to prepare environmental impact assessments of their plans as a condition for state and/or local governments to give them permission to build their buildings .
the aba will serve as a baseline for use in global and regional assessments of arctic biodiversity and form a key piece in the process of understanding what is happening and focusing efforts on those areas where it is most needed .
stock assessments provide fisheries managers with the information that is used in the regulation of a fish stock .
bailey also serves on the advisory boards of numerous states and commercial publishers developing language and literacy assessments for english language learners .
competency assessments determine occupational readiness by testing the student over material outlined in the skills standards and taught using the curriculum materials .
as a guarantee of the reliability and value of its certificates and assessments , rina has acquired over the years a wide range of national , eu and international recognitions from authorised bodies : apat , brc , eurepgap , fee italia , fta , iatf , inmetro , ukas , ministeri competenti nabcb , sai , sincert , swedac , unife , wrap .
of note , the air force separated analysis and assessments from a8 and made this a separate directorate under a9 , and in 2008 created a separate directorate for the nuclear mission , a10 .
shortly after the road was reopened , scanlan and sen. dan gibbs announced plans for legislation to prevent future unilateral closures and to encourage cooperation between agencies to share vulnerability assessments and emergency plans .
in a third set of psychological assessments , more detailed than the previous two , three of four psychiatrists concluded that she was intentionally faking her symptoms of mental illness ( " malingering " ) to evade criminal prosecution , and to improve her chances she of being returned to pakistan .
this makes same store sales a useful metric not only for external assessments of a retailer 's performance , but also for internal benchmarking guiding store opening , remodeling and closing decisions .
may and june assessments .
of youths who had identified only as bisexual at earlier assessments , 60 - 70% continued to identify as bisexual , while approximately 30 - 40% assumed a gay / lesbian identity over time .
the institute provides for examinations and assessments for qualifications and awards ; the current highest qualification being the blue badge .
assessments .
if cultural assessments are required , it may be appropriate to contact māori who are skilled in this area .
scores for all student groups have risen on state assessments along with attendance and graduation rates .
the government did not deny the report , but said that it was one of a number of assessments being made .
intelligence estimates of infection rates and their likely trajectories go beyond the official statistics by incorporating the assessments of academics and ngos with field experience .
their works covered a number of subjects related to pollution such as air pollution , water pollution , soil contamination , municipal solid waste mishandling , and environmental impact assessments of certain localities .
the questionnaires had boxes where jurors could put their assessments and a formula to enable them to produce the overall odds of guilt or innocence .
different types of online assessments contain elements of one or more of the following components , depending on the assessment 's purpose : formative , diagnostic , or summative .
debian has also received negative assessments .
insiders used rumors or assessments to drive share prices down , buy up the cheap shares , then spread rumors of large new silver finds to increase prices once more so that they could sell their shares at a profit .
but they may also cover smoking cessation programs , nutrition ; weight ; or stress management training , health risk assessments , and health screenings .
instant and detailed feedback , as well as flexibility of location and time , are just two of the many benefits associated with online assessments .
he published biographies and critical assessments of sigismund von herberstein ( 1818 ) , august von meyerberg ( 1827 ) , conrad bussow and other major sources on muscovy ; the work culminated in " kritisch - literarische übersicht der reisenden in rußland bis 1700 " ( critical bibliographical review of the memoirs by travelers into russia prior to 1700 ) .
