zoos often receive gibbons of unknown origin and therefore rely on morphological variation or labels that are impossible to verify to assign species and subspecies names , so it is common for separate species of gibbons to be misidentified and housed together .
the ntsb stated that as the airline did not assign all of the filled seats and that some passengers relocated to other seats after boarding , the ntsb could not determine the injuries in relation to precise seating arrangements .
traditionally , pentecostals have taught that the " initial evidence " of spirit baptism is speaking in tongues , unlike charismatics who generally assign no special importance to tongues considering the receipt of any of the gifts as evidence of infilling .
other characters sets would often assign a code point to this glyph in addition to the individual letters : ‘ f’ and ‘
to avoid confusion , the iso 3166/ma later rectified the problem by agreeing to assign the code csxx to represent serbia and montenegro ( newsletter i-5 ) .
an artist can not assign their resale right to anyone else , except to a qualifying body under the regulations , such as a charity .
in 1831 , michael vorontsov , governor - general of new russia , decided to assign the newly instituted quarantine fees to the odessa theater .
ifast considers it the responsibility of national telecom regulators to assign sid codes to individual wireless systems , but ifast will perform this function when the national regulator is unwilling or unable to do so .
bandwidth allocation refers to various methods used in the communications industry to design and assign frequency channels to different wireless applications .
fans in the west have adopted a wide range of japanese anime and manga terminology , however the strong stylistic and thematic similarities between a sector of shōjo works has led to regarding them as a genre or style , sometimes with an attempt to assign it by degrees .
in march 1971 charles britt , president of wftr inc. , filed a petition with the federal communications commission asking the commission to amend its rules to assign an additional fm channel to front royal .
in 1926 , a partial renumbering was proposed to eliminate duplicates and assign a number to every route ; this would have given the system numbers from 1 to 30 .
the reign of emperor kimmei ( 509?-571 ) , the 29th emperor of japan according to the traditional order of succession , is the first for which contemporary historiography are able to assign verifiable dates ; however , the conventionally accepted names and dates of the early emperors were not to be confirmed as " traditional " until the reign of emperor kammu ( 737–806 ) , the 50th sovereign of the yamato dynasty .
a deployment re - appraisal in june 1944 led to the decision to assign a tactical recon squadron to support the needs of the ground forces on the continent .
one can assign a high priority to interactive tasks , that will appear highly responsive , and leave the majority of the time to low priority tasks .
in the archaeological literature , attempts have been made to assign a slavic , or proto - slavic , ethnicity to several different archaeological cultures encompassing various time periods and territorial zones .
the model will assign operators : one to each interaction label ( called coupling constants ) , and one to each field label ( called bare propagators ) .
for 31-bit linux it is possible to assign memory above the 2 gib bar as a ram disk .
the raja of sivagangai , a principal state near ramnad , muthu vaduganadhar came to know of their brave and courageous deeds and requested the ramnad king to assign them to serve the sivaganga state army .
in the redescription , the authors could only assign the material to archosauriformes .
it has become a common practice for analyst firms to assign a central " vendor relations " contact within their organization , to coordinate briefing , reprint and similar requests from vendors .
dama systems assign communication channels based on requests issued from user terminals to a network control system .
we can now assign types to the words in our sentence above ( every boy sleeps ) as follows .
one exception is the statically typed cat language which uses row polymorphism to assign types to functions that operate on stacks .
another option used at restaurants is to assign customers a confirmed return time , basically a reservation issued on arrival .
the queue manager will assign a ticket to one of the specialized teams based on the type of issue .
he deplored the fact that imperial court protocol would now assign to him access to privileges greater than the highest state officials .
conductors were given the power to assign seats to accomplish that purpose ; however , no passengers would be required to move or give up their seat and stand if the bus was crowded and no other seats were available .
in many products it is common to assign the prototype iterations greek letters .
the providers assign only in exceptional cases ( special sort of custom numbers , more expensive ) non - existing numbers with a different prefix , and this is handled similar as porting an existing number from the desired network .
article 39 provides that a law adopted with a qualified majority can assign competencies to the regional organs which it establishes .
as part of the configuration process , a company can define any number of tolerance groups with a range of limits and can then assign employees to these tolerance groups .
this measure can be interpreted as the probability that when we randomly pick one positive and one negative example , the classifier will assign a higher score to the positive example than to the negative .
the rostrum length alone would not be enough to assign the original specimen of " e. neukami " to its own genus or subgenus , according to the authors of one paper proposing the synonymy .
so it ’s not surprising that it ’s proven difficult to assign particular presentations of neglect to specific neuroanatomical loci .
in april 1947 , at the request of the department of state , the maritime commission agreed to assign two c-4 troop ships to be used for sending u.s. students on exchange programs to europe that summer .
following the revolution , the remaining jewelry left over by the royal family were safe - kept until a decree by president mubarak was issued in 1986 to assign princess fatima al - zahra ' palace in alexandria as a special museum to house those pieces .
its statutes , written in latin , call it a society ( " societas " ) whose members carry the " signum draconis " ( see below ) , but assign no name to it .
inventors that work for corporations , such as research scientists , must normally assign their ownership rights to their inventions to corporations as a condition for their employment .
rule 2 : " therefore to the same natural effects we must , as far as possible , assign the same causes . "
with michaela gone , rhys michael throws himself into his duties at court , and his new maturity eventually convinces javan to assign him to traveling royal commission .
some chapters assign additional responsibilities to various officers , so there may be slight variations from chapter to chapter .
like other groups , feminists interpret differences between the sexes as " an excuse to assign superiority and inferiority " in the usual hierarchical fashion .
" galtonia " had been classified as a ornithischian , but , like " revueltosaurus " , is actually a non - dinosaurian archosaur ( irmis " et al . " , 2006 , who assign it to " revueltosaurus " sp . ) .
the " second step " is to assign a value , called planned value ( pv ) , to each activity .
different religions have different codes of sexual morality , which regulate sexual activity or assign normative values to certain sexually charged actions or thoughts .
slavic terminology is almost exclusive when used to assign the titles and ranks to medieval nobility ( " boier " , " cneaz " , " rob " , " slugă " , " a sluji " , etc . ) .
zoomracks ii also added a rudimentary " macro " system that allowed the user to assign a series of commands to a letter on the keyboard .
from january 1999 , the chief of general staff and later the vice president has customarily chaired the national council on privatisation at the president 's pleasure and the president may assign him other duties and functions at his discretion as provided in the constitution .
the court has exclusive and direct appellate jurisdiction in all california state death penalty cases , although it has sponsored a state constitutional amendment to allow it to assign death penalty appeals to the california courts of appeal .
traditions assign the name of morni to a queen who is believed to have ruled this area .
" players " ( performers ) log in to upstage and have access to a " workshop " or backstage area where they can upload media ( graphics and audio ) , create " stages " , and assign media to stages .
( meaning the authors found the specimens to be most like those of " allosaurus " , but did not or could not assign a species ) .
nevertheless historians assign the beginning of their existence as a state to the 15th century .
genealogies of a " phantasmagorical " character assign to him a castilian parentage .
statistically one can assign variance based on the problem of randomnicity , back mutations , and parallel mutations ( homoplasies ) in creating an error range .
by 1944 it was fairly routine practice for the stavka to assign its operating fronts new and more ambitious missions while the soviet armed forces were conducting major offensive operations .
the approach of the vmm is to start by developing a framework of values , including costs , risks , tangible returns and intangible returns , then assign scores to each element in the framework .
the problem in sudoku is to assign numbers ( or digits , values , symbols ) to cells ( or squares ) in a grid so as to satisfy certain constraints .
each edition of the game has offered differing methods of determining these statistics ; as of 4th edition , players generally assign their ability scores from a list or use points to " buy " them .
this jury will assign the leone citröen - corto cortissimo for best short , the uip prize for best european short and a special mention .
valuations almost always assign the value 1 point to pawns ( typically as the average value of a pawn in the starting position ) .
this was the old celtic region of dál riata ( dalriada ) , and in 1891 sir a. geikie proposed the name dalradian as a convenient provisional designation for the complicated set of rocks to which it is difficult to assign a definite position in the stratigraphical sequence .
section editors also write , assign and edit articles , but they are more refined in their focus .
like the arctic ice classes , different classification societies may assign different names for these classes , however , the restrictions and requirements of each class are the same regardless of the name given by the society .
redcloak 's unholy symbol is xykon 's phylactery , indicating considerable trust of redcloak on the lich 's side and also that redcloak must assign considerable value to the lich 's prolonged existence .
if the experimenter were to assign all of the blue - eyed people to the treatment group and the brown - eyed people to the control group , the results may be biased .
to avoid confusion from two or more aircraft using the same selcal code , asri tries to assign code duplicates to aircraft that do not usually operate in the same region of the world or on the same hf radio frequencies .
hey $ name ! you can actually assign the heredoc section to a variable !
in response to this the director of mi6 , sir richard pilchard , aware of basildon 's attitudes decides to assign him a new apprentice , stephanie shelly , in the hopes that she might curb basildon 's flagrant disregard for danger and the safety of civilians .
to any link " l " , we assign the khovanov bracket [ " l " ] , a chain complex of graded vector spaces .
furthermore , the captains would not either learn how to handle the guns themselves , nor assign crew members to the task , so gun crews had to be drawn from the confederate army .
since but - for causation is very easy to show and does not assign culpability ( but for the rain , you would not have crashed your car the rain is not morally or legally culpable but still constitutes a cause ) , there is a second test used to determine if an action is close enough to a harm in a " chain of events " to be a legally culpable cause of the harm .
the english translator of the kanzul iman , professor shah faridul haque , writes that no one is allowed to assign novel meanings to the revealed words of the quran on his own accord .
finally , as helen jacquet - gordon perceptively notes in her bi or 32(1975 ) book review of kenneth kitchen 's tipe book , shoshenq c 's third child — the priest ( and future king ) harsiese a does not assign royal titles to his father on a bes - statue in durham museum which he dedicated to his father 's memory .
otrs , an initialism for open - source ticket request system , is a free and open - source trouble ticket system software package that a company , organization , or other entity can use to assign tickets to incoming queries and track further communications about them .
given a certain number " n " of people , is it possible to assign them to sets so that each person is in at least one set , each pair of people is in exactly one set together , every two sets have exactly one person in common , and no set contains everyone , all but one person , or exactly one person ?
there , in the presence of john chishall , the chancellor , he was required to assign the lands to twelve manucapters
players then can set a stance and assign moves to it , and can even name their new unique weapon .
the team leader is next to the automatic rifleman to complement his fire with grenade rounds and to assign targets for the m249 .
both david lasocki and terence best assign it to the violin , whereas jean - claude veilhan endorses hofmann 's view , and winfried michel acknowledges the possibility .
yet another option is to give a preferred status to a particular observer or type of observer , and assign the epithet of correctness to their description alone .
in november 2003 , styles broadcasting of dothan , inc. , applied to assign the license for wjrl - fm to styles media group , llc .
elders assign two elders to “ correct ” the person ; if the person continues the same course , an elder delivers a congregation talk regarding “ marking ” ( that is , their application of ) and the bible principle being violated .
in 1835 bourke implemented the doctrine of " terra nullius " by proclaiming that indigenous australians could not sell or assign land , nor could an individual person acquire it , other than through distribution by the crown .
while edison seems to have conceived the idea and initiated the experiments , dickson apparently performed the bulk of the experimentation , leading most modern scholars to assign dickson with the major credit for turning the concept into a practical reality .
the spacers assign him a robot partner , r. daneel olivaw , with whom he becomes lifelong friends , appearing together in two more books .
in his correspondence and public statements , he was careful not to assign blame or cause embarrassment to colleagues in government .
in june 1774 the octogenarian joubert contracted with riesener to assign the younger man his workshop and its contents with the good will of his clientele .
set assign a variable to the value of an expression
hartenberger et al . ( 1997 ) suggested a potential relationship to the muroid " nonomys " but declined to assign ivanantoniidae to a suborder within rodentia .
the number of prefixes , which allow users to assign handles , is growing and passed 212,000 in 2009 .
the burdens of the campaign and the destruction by fire of his factory contributed to his financial ruin , and he was forced to assign his firearm patents to others .
until 1953 , the fcc required fm stations to assign a licensed operator at each transmitter site .
within the united states , devecka enterprises has attempted to bar the legal licensing of " drummania " , a competitive and similar product that is more in line with traditional arcade games due to its ability to assign a score for player performance .
unicode and iso / iec 10646 currently assign about 100,000 characters to a code space consisting of over a million code points , and they define several standard encodings that are capable of representing every available code point .
indian yogic teachings assign to the seven major chakras specific qualities , such as color of influence ( from the 7 rays of spectrum light ) , elements ( such as earth , air , water & ether ) , body sense ( such as touch , taste , and smell ) , and relation to an endocrine gland .
defining humanitarian use could mean that the licensor is only permitted to assign additional licenses to countries in certain regions or that are i.e. classified as least developed countries .
the chief justice can assign judges of the lower courts to serve as temporary justices ( called " associate justices " under florida rules of court ) if the need arises .
when human beings become agents through reflexive self - awareness , they express their agency by having reasons for acting , to which they assign weights .
then murphy said that linvill would have to assign his patent to the veterans administration .
general characters that appear outside of the campaign are merchants that hang around bars that give the player cargo missions , confed officers that assign patrol / clean sweep missions , pirates and iso members that give cargo / bounty missions , as well as bounty hunters that give bounty missions .
its popularity led rko radio pictures to purchase the film rights and assign jane murfin to write a screenplay with parker and his wife as the central characters .
the vmps server will give one of 4 responses ( allow , deny , shutdown , wrong_domain ) and the switch will either assign the port to the appropriate vlan , put the port back into the pre - confirmation state , shut down the port until the device or another one is physically reconnected , or log an error indicating that it is incorrectly configured .
he was the fourth director of the spanish academy of history from 6 january 1792 to 14 may 1794 , when he died ( other sources assign his death to 1796 ) .
it is possible to use the zeroth law definition of temperature to assign a temperature to something not normally associated with temperatures , like a perfect vacuum .
the parent companies agreed not to trade in each other 's domestic territory and to assign trademarks , export businesses and overseas subsidiaries to the joint venture .
some systems , such as google voice or evoice , assign users a virtual phone number that routes calls through a user - defined list of numbers .
again in january 2002 , haringey council failed to assign social workers to about 50 children .
the station was assign the call letters krob - fm on july 24 , 1978 .
in america , the university of michigan 's department of naval architecture and marine engineering can be tracked to an 1879 act of congress , which authorised the u.s. navy to assign a few officers to engineering training establishments around the country .
ifrename allows to rename wireless network interfaces based on various static criteria to assign a consistent name to each interface .
however , despite the influx of these higher numbers in youth soccer , north american professional club soccer follows a model pretty close to that of european professional soccer , with the exception that many american and canadian clubs do not have " reserve squads , " and thus do not assign higher numbers to those players .
standard costs are then flushed backward through the system to assign costs to products .
one approach might be to assign a precedence to each resource and force processes to request resources in order of increasing precedence .
one instructor currently incorporates periods of relaxation and meditation techniques into ongoing lessons , while another has been known to assign as many as sixteen books in a single term , teaching at a level of rigor comparable to advanced undergraduate work .
the mvaic , or motor vehicle accident indemnity company , may assign high - risk drivers , and pays for victims of uninsured or underinsured motorists .
the united states has indicated that it plans to assign as many as 60 united states serving military personnel to continue mentoring the armed forces of liberia , beginning in january 2010 . "
the full results of this second review were published in 2007 ; some of the previous racial attributions were withdrawn , but the committee felt able to confidently assign a race for a number of more recent individuals , although it stressed that this could only be done with adult birds ( the committee 's 2005 report mentions that a further article is in preparation ) .
proposed the illustrious shakespearean scholar horace howard furness , " had the plays come down to us anonymously – had the labour of discovering the author been imposed upon future generations – we could have found no one of that day but francis bacon to whom to assign the crown .
typical in this respect is maria theresa , who in her " general - polizei - prozess und kommercialordnung für die judenschaft " of moravia ( december 29 , 1753 ) prescribes in detail the duties of the " landesrabbiner " ; e.g. , that he shall assign the tractate which all other rabbis shall adopt for instruction ; bestow the title of " doppelter reb " ( " morenu " ) " ; see that all taxes are promptly paid ; and arrange the complicated election of a new official ( willibald müller , " beiträge zur geschichte der mähr .
the 1629 quarto of john ford 's " the lover 's melancholy " provides a roster of the 17 actors involved , but does n't assign them to their roles . ]
the controls are identical to that in the previous game , with players given the option to assign functions to the buttons they are most comfortable using .
several elements are part of the characterization of a parade of the samba school , and some questions to which the jury should assign notes .
the task under these conditions is to assign normal ranges and combinations of cue values to abnormal locations in space ” .
it is also possible to assign a specific signature that is best suited to the particular area of the world the ship will operate in .
bayesian inference tells us that if we can assign a probability p(g ) to the defendant 's guilt before we take the dna evidence into account , then we can revise this probability to the conditional probability formula_74 , since
on april 9 , 2008 , calvary chapel of batesville filed with the fcc to assign the license for kccj - lp to the literacy council of independence county inc. , a ministry of the jubilee family church .
however , few applications assign critical actions to a triple click .
russell 's theory thus does not assign different truth - values to the two statements .
the " agrimensor " could mark out the limits of the " centuriae " , and restore the boundaries where they were confused , but he could not assign without a commission from the emperor .
lima - hamilton did not assign model numbers to their models but referred to them by specification numbers .
a seminorm , on the other hand , is allowed to assign zero length to some non - zero vectors .
the court granted the relief holding that the inventor of a famous fictional character having certain visual or other traits may prevent other using his character to sell goods and may assign the rights to use that character .
often when a celebration is coming up , a " punake " ( poet ) will write the lyrics to the occasion , assign music to the stanzas from a pool of typical tunes and then choreograph the " haka " ( dance movements ) .
in that rebirth , she belonged to a clansman 's family in hamsavatī , and , hearing the buddha assign the foremost place in experience to a certain nun , wished for similar recognition herself , doing many good deeds to that end .
a shortage of lawyers prompted the army to assign some who had not attended law school to prosecute and defend soldiers during court martial proceedings .
the puranas assign him a reign of 60 years .
a common error would be to assign a default value to the object in the second method , which would result in an " ambiguous call " error , as the compiler would n't know which of the two methods to use .
as part of the census , the emperor had the power to assign individuals to a new social class , including the senatorial class , which gave the emperor unchallenged control over senate membership .
in january 1946 , a committee for settling of place names was set up to assign new official toponymes .
the manuscript has not been conclusively dated in printed publication ; alphonse lhotsky in a handwritten note suggested the late 13th century and identified the scribe as a secretary to the bishop of würzburg , but other experts tend to assign it to the early to mid-14th century .
roy did not alter ptolemy 's placement of the selgovae in southern scotland , but chose to assign trimontium to a different people who were described in " de situ britanniae " .
some nations assign new names to guest spirits , while some retain the names used in the nation of origin .
the iau does not name stars , and has no intention of doing so ; proper names are rarely if ever used by professional astronomers , and so there is no need for them to . whilst many private companies will offer the " right " to name a star , for a fee , they have no legal standing to assign any star a name , and can offer no guarantee of the name being noted .
subjects are recruited as they arrive and the researcher will assign them to demographic groups based on variables like age and gender .
his familiarity with horses from helping his stepfather in his blacksmithing business also prompted the army to assign austin to the cavalry and send him to mexico with general john pershing 's pancho villa expedition , for which he was awarded the mexican service medal .
for example , the terrorists may assign a mission to assassinate , while the nsa simultaneously instructs the player to prevent the assassination ( cozumel , cole yeager ) .
the scholastic philosophers claimed that the highest genera ( the so - called ten " generalissima " ) can not be defined , since we can not assign any higher genus under which they may fall .
chess beginners , as well as the simplest of chess programs , evaluate the position taking only " material " into account , i.e they assign a numerical score for each piece ( with pieces of opposite color having scores of opposite sign ) and sum up the score over all the pieces on the board .
they assign a single , unique outer vlan tag id of 100 for acme , and a unique outer vlan id of 101 for xyz .
when a customer decides to use toll - free service , they assign a responsible organization ( resporg ) to own and maintain that number .
the league 's decision to assign broadcasting rights to bskyb in 1992 was at the time a radical decision , but one that has paid off .
also with a general reorganization of the italian militia system it was decided to assign 38 alpini companies and 15 mountain batteries to active units of the regio esercito ( royal italian army ) .
though it has not yet been established historically who built this wall in the beginning , muslim historians and geographers assign it to dhul - qarnain because its remains correspond with the description of it given in the qur'an , despite the fact that the wall is in fact sassanid in origins , and thus is about 1000 years too late to have been built by cyrus .
the station was assign the call letters kybi on 1996 - 01 - 29 .
unlike most programming languages , which ignore or assign little meaning to most whitespace characters , the whitespace interpreter ignores any non - whitespace characters .
thus , in analyses that assign individuals to groups it becomes less apparent that self - described racial groups are reliable indicators of ancestry .
this task shows that children aged 15 to 20 months can assign meaning to a new word after only a single exposure .
players assign these ratings spending character points .
they requested that the secretary of defense assign them responsibility for the project , but the attorney general robert kennedy retained effective control .
claude explains that on the day he and steggles visited the twing church to assign handicaps , heppenstall dropped several pages of his sermon , leaving steggles the impression that he averaged about twenty minutes , where , in reality , thirty to thirty - five is his true form .
treat the 13th period ( last eleven days ) as long , therefore , and assign the labels " xxv " and " xxiv " to sequential dates ( 26 and 27 december respectively ) .
the codice_6 command can assign one of the three drives n : , o : or p : to a directory on a different drive , in a similar manner to the ms - dos command codice_7 .
starfleet did not assign a name and initially the doctor maintained that he did not want one .
a calendar era is used to assign a number to individual years , using a reference point in the past as the beginning of the era .
the ministry is also entitled to create , organize , form and assign through resolutions duties to internal work groups and advising groups within the guidelines previously set .
the player must assign a vassal to each parcel to manage the land for them .
additionally , the chaos surrounding the revolution from 1966 to 1968 caused the communist party to realize that a way was needed to assign the youth to working positions , to avoid losing control of the situation .
in continental and eastern europe , virtual channels are not used , since television sets and receivers there allow users to freely assign arbitrary " programme numbers " or " programme letters " to channels .
if it is assumed that there are two possible senses of the word , the next step is to identify a small number of seed collocations representative of each sense , give each sense a label ( i.e. sense a and b ) , then assign the appropriate label to all training examples containing the seed collocations .
as well , a large variety of internal functions ( commands ) are available and ready to assign to icons , although some study might be needed to discover them .
one of the discoveries of the community was that it was possible to exploit a bug in the program editor to assign strange functions to keys .
instead of just basic commands , players can assign ai - controlled characters five specific commands , each with its own priority level .
writers may upload their stories to the site and assign them a category and rating ( such as k , k+ , t , and m ) .
they exchanged it to austria in 1804 , which had to assign it to bavaraia in 1805 .
we have very little evidence of the internal working arrangements of the workshop , apart from the works of art themselves , often very difficult to assign to a particular hand .
however , in the contract to assign the claims , it said there was an exclusion for ,
assign a mesh current to each window pane .
in amps , the cell centers could flexibly assign channels to handsets based on signal strength , allowing the same frequency to be re - used in various locations without interference .
other russian historians claim that it is impossible to assign responsibility for the shelling using existing data .
the term " developing nation " is not a label to assign a specific , similar type of problem .
this allows the forecaster to assign the degree of uncertainty to the forecast .
economists and historians debate how much responsibility to assign the wall street crash of 1929 .
this lead to adelaide united ceo sam ciccarello to re - assign vidmar and his assistant phil stubbins for another 3 years in november 2008 .
in order to determine exactly which territories to assign to each country , in june 1947 , britain appointed sir cyril radcliffe to chair two boundary commissions —
the president - elect serves a term of one association year and performs such other duties as the president may assign , or the duties of the president , should the president become disabled and unable to perform the duties of office .
often different anesthesia providers assign different grades to the same patient ..
goldberg ( from smithsonian institution ) has preferred not assign it to any family , after compare it with many other families , the most probable were flacourtiaceae and euphorbiaceae .
goggin incorporated archaeology , anthropology , ethnography , history , and natural history to assign a chronological history to a cultural group based on trends and “ cultural patterns . ”
if sample x can be identified reliably , the listener can assign a score as a subjective judgement of the quality .
the isp might then assign subnetworks to each of their downstream clients , e.g. , " customer a " will have the range 172.1.1.0 to 172.1.1.255 , " customer b " would receive the range 172.1.2.0 to 172.1.2.255 and " customer c " would receive the range 172.1.3.0 to 172.1.3.255 , and so on . instead of an entry for each of the subnets 172.1.1.x and 172.1.2.x , etc , the isp could aggregate the entire 172.1.x.x address range and advertise the network 172.1.0.0/16 on the internet community , which would reduce the number of entries in the global routing table .
the bank or group of banks involved with a given bpl must assign a central administrator .
though he could assign pontiffs to act as minor judges in some cases , he had supreme authority in all cases brought before him , both civil and criminal .
lu qian bribes the jailers with a larger sum of money and the jailers assign lin to be in charge of a fodder storage field , apparently with good intentions of letting him lead an easier life .
it is within the discretion of the court to assign and impose costs for a continuance in a civil case .
the player then gets to assign 14 points to their attributes , with the stipulations that no attribute can be greater than 21 and no attribute can have more than 6 points added to it .
to achieve maximum flexibility in meeting the needs of each court , however , it left the actual determination of which duties to assign to magistrate judges to the individual courts .
the subscriber to the theory is able to assign moral responsibility for an emotionally troubling event or situation to a clearly - conceived group of individuals .
registration agencies generally charge a fee to assign a new doi name ; parts of these fees are used to support the idf .
but as the death rate increased , he was forced to assign an assistant to " forge " his signature to the letters .
luhn proposed to assign more weight to sentences at the beginning of the document or a paragraph .
description : a modern introduction to special relativity , that explains well how the choice to divide spacetime into a time part and a space part is no different than two choices about how to assign coordinates to the surface of the earth .
the phone has a speed dial feature in which the user can assign a name to 8 of the keys of the keypad .
sabatier commanded a company of nato troops in france , using the call sign " foxtrot 6 " , and was initially upset with colonel sawyer 's decision to assign then second lieutenant parker command of a french army unit whose commanding officer was killed by a mine prior to the arrival of the american reinforcements .
judaism does not accept jesus as the biblical messiah , nor does it assign him any religious role at all .
in april 1840 , poe wrote that morris was " very decidedly , our best writer of songs — and , in saying this , i mean to assign him a high rank as " poet " .
members generally respected the right of the priesthood council to assign marriages ..
according to , when a justice of the supreme court has retired , is disqualified , or is unable to sit on a case , the chief justice or senior associate justice of the supreme court may assign a justice of the supreme court who has retired from regular active service .
the translation was initiated in 1892 by the central conference of american rabbis , the organization of reform rabbis , and the original intention was to assign different books of the bible to individual rabbis and scholars .
based on students ' skill levels and educational standards , teachers may assign students to complete activities that demonstrate mastery of an educational concept ( writing a report ) , or in a method the student prefers ( composing an original song about the content , or building a 3-dimensional object that explains mastery of concepts in the lesson or unit ) .
use cnfigssp to place your devices on the line / address map ; identify the particular ibm printer or terminal model ; assign characteristics such as console , alternate console , subconsole ; and to name the printer 's subconsole .
the superposition principle says that the way to describe the world is to assign such a complex number to every possible situation , and that the way to describe how things change is to treat these numbers mathematically as if they were probabilities .
to successfully complete the level , the player must assign certain lemmings specific skills .
although sextus julius africanus quotes manetho as stating that " bocchoris " ruled for six years , some modern scholars again differ and assign him a shorter reign of only five years , based on evidence from an apis bull burial stela .
it is useful in cases where it is hard to assign credit to specific elements of the structure .
in this case , observers assign new identities that are confirmed by the behavior .
i was taught by my respected chief and predecessor , colonel sir george everest to assign to every geographical object its true local or native appellation .
kennel clubs assign breeds of dogs to " groups " , which are loosely based on breed " types " .
the purpose of codice_2 is to assign alternative names to existing types , most often those whose standard declaration is cumbersome , potentially confusing , or likely to vary from one implementation to another .
in 1171 , pope alexander iii asked the archbishop of trondheim to assign an estonian monk nicolaus living in stavanger to go to fulco 's assistance .
at that time , missionaries were valued as facilitators for social improvement and uplift , and delegations were continually calling on ferrando from the asom , khasis , mundas , karbis , tiwas , bodos , the manipuris , garos , nagas and other tribes requesting that he assign priests , nuns , doctors , educationists and other personnel to their communities .
however , the algorithm for doing so will assign orientations to the edges of any graph , so to complete the task of testing whether a graph is a comparability graph , one must test whether the resulting orientation is transitive , a problem provably equivalent in complexity to matrix multiplication .
in ipv6 networking , prefix delegation is used to assign a network address prefix to a user site , configuring the user 's router with the prefix to be used for each lan .
so one can assign to " ρ " a state on the subsystem " a " by
unable to place a known " fact " into the context of an unreliable source , some individuals may subconsciously re - assign the information an ambiguous or more trustworthy origin .
in this situation , many scientists assign a higher priority to convenience and comfort than to safety and regulatory compliance , and routinely breach the laser safety regulations .
an incident in 1970 prompted the university to assign an adviser to oversee the production of the newspaper .
players can even create their own baseball teams and assign special moves to the players that they name themselves .
what values are there to assign anyway ?
after the advent of effective soviet sams forced bomber command to re - assign v - bombers from high - altitude operations to low - level penetration operations in march 1963 , the squadron 's vulcans adopted a mission profile that included a ' pop - up ' manouvre from 500 - 1'000 ft to above 12'000 ft for safe release of yellow sun mk2 .
writers such as mary lefkowitz have argued that it is dubious to assign the complexity of greek culture in any significant way to egypt .
a practical use of a junction table would be to assign permissions to users .
the films also assign a bow to aragorn and crossbows to the uruk - hai .
variants commonly alter the starting position , restrict certain moves , or assign special value to certain dice rolls , but in some geographic regions even the rules and directions of the checkers movement change , rendering the game fundamentally different .
for example , judges routinely assign numbers to properties such as the perceived beauty of an exercise ( e.g. 1 - 10 ) without necessarily establishing quantitative structure in any sort of rigorous fashion .
the trigger for this problem is that microsoft in sp1 unilaterally and without warning deprecated certain older mac os ' type ' codes such as " wdbn " that some files may have , either because they are simply very old , or because some applications assign the older type code when saving them to the disk .
journal pagination refers to the manner in which academic journals assign page numbers to their publications .
the success encouraged members of the association houssaper to assign him a scholarship to complete his training in europe .
it should be borne in mind that he seldom chose panels of which the size exceeded 12 to 15 inches , and whenever his name is attached to a picture above that size we may surely assign it to his son willem or to some other imitator .
contributors can assign areas of the map as their ‘
once complete , the ncos would assign daily chores , before the men attended to the cleaning of rifles and equipment , filling sandbags , repairing trenches or digging latrines .
b = a ; // assign the value of reg a to reg b
as a joke , his superiors assign him to the " punisher task force , " a meaningless sinecure which consists solely of soap , since the nypd is fully in sympathy with the punisher 's actions , but has to ( cosmetically ) appear as though it is trying to discourage vigilantism .
used to specify how to assign independent work to one or all of the threads .
also , words like " responsibility , " " space , " " surrender , " " experience , " " trust , " " consideration , " " unreasonable , " " righteous " " totally participate , " " from your head , " " openness , " " letting go " were redefined or used so as to assign them a new meaning .
today , the exact meaning of the nickname " wolf " is unclear but in medieval times it was common practice to assign the names of birds , animals or fish to people in order to identify them .
they are all characteristically european , and based on that evidence , most experts assign the book to dates between 1450 and 1520 .
societies , however , tend to assign some classes of social roles to " male " individuals , and some classes of social roles to " female " individuals ( as society perceives their sexes ) .
steven smith argues that , " to assign blues notes to a ' blues scale ' is a momentous mistake , then , after all , unless we alter the meaning of ' scale ' .
these differences have since been considered to small to assign them to two different species , and thus the " t. kannemeyeri " has fallen out of use do to this possible synonymy .
the system is seen as a major design feature in the reduction of pilot workload and even allows the pilot to assign targets to himself with two simple voice commands , or to any of his wingmen with only five commands .
dc comics continued to assign him work on titles that featured openly gay super - heroes .
rawls had landsman assign the case to detectives lester freamon and bunk moreland because he believed they were the best investigators in his squad .
( 2 ) secure access control measures that : ( a ) restrict access to records and files containing personal information to those who need such information to perform their job duties ; and ( b ) assign unique identifications plus passwords , which are not vendor supplied default passwords , to each person with computer access , that are reasonably designed to maintain the integrity of the security of the access controls ;
