as the eastern mon were absorbed into the thai / siamese society long ago , the western mon of myanmar face the same pressure to assimilate .
a good technical writer has the ability to create , assimilate and convey technical material in a concise and effective manner .
in ancient greece the term " diaspora " meant " the scattered " and was used to refer to citizens of a dominant city - state who immigrated to a conquered land with the purpose of colonisation , to assimilate the territory into the empire .
instead of trying to make newer foreign nationals assimilate and forgo their heritage , the government became more accommodating and tolerant of differences by adopting a policy of multiculturalism .
al - hawari put forward the argument that the arab states did not want the refugees , would not assimilate them and that masses of refugees living on the cease fire lines , stateless and impoverished would give israel nothing but grief .
however , nowadays more and more berbers have chosen to live in the major cities and assimilate whether it be for better work opportunities or in the pursuit of higher education .
other theories have attempted to account for the development of social identity as separate from the personal self , as well as to determine why individuals have a need to assimilate to their desired ingroups .
the newcomers have neither the need nor the capacity to assimilate into a declining anglosphere . "
as the europeans continued to move west , they took most of the lands of the people who lived in the rockies , forcing the ute , navajo , hopi , apache , yaqui and other tribes to assimilate or move onto reservations .
the planet 's surface is infested by the parasitic flood , who attack and assimilate any sentient life they encounter .
some commentators assimilate hugleik with his namesake , the geatish king hygelac .
it can grow on a wide range of substrates and can assimilate nitrate .
most hondurans believed that , under such circumstances , the nicaraguans would fail to assimilate well into the honduran population and would resort to banditry in order to survive .
visual sensations are usually correctly attributed because we unconsciously assimilate information from many sources and then unconsciously make judgments based on this information .
mersenne wrote in 1636 , " it should be blown by a skillful musician so that it may not imitate the sounds of the trumpet , but rather assimilate itself to the sweetness of the human voice , lest it should emit a warlike rather than a peaceful sound . "
instead of explaining the marginalized status of people of color in the united states with an inherent biological inferiority , he instead said that it was a failure to assimilate into american culture that held people back .
students assimilate into different organizations such as habitat for humanity or the local surrounding hospitals and other need based organizations .
over time the japanese developed the ability to absorb , imitate , and finally assimilate those elements of foreign culture that complemented their aesthetic preferences .
in " the new york times " , caldwell argues that the mass immigration by muslims to european countries ' cities is altering the culture of europe because of a strong muslim disinclination to assimilate to the culture of their new homelands .
assimilate with other north caucasian nationalities such as the chechens and ingush .
cultural imperialism , in combination with a fear of russia , led to swedish attempts to assimilate and " swedify " the finnish - speaking population between 1850 and 1950 .
as various chinese dialect groups began to compete for commercial interests in the 1850s and 1860s which led to communal violence , abu bakar and the " kapitan cina " in johor ( who were mainly migrants from chaozhou ) tried to assimilate chinese entrepreneurs of non - teochew origin .
at the end of this life the ego must assimilate what it has experienced .
often called a " progressivist " because he believed that native peoples needed at least partially to assimilate to white culture in order to survive , posey criticized " traditionalists , " calling them " pull back " indians who could n't possibly survive in the imminent future .
the system was an attempt to force aboriginal youth to assimilate into white culture ; in the film , amelia resists this kind of assimilation and attempts to plan her escape .
these species are so dependent on insect sources of nitrogen that they generally lack the enzyme nitrate reductase , which most plants require to assimilate soil - borne nitrate into organic forms .
especially , dr. woo had not changed his korean name to japanese -a policy aimed to assimilate koreans into the japanese culture .
tokyo statesman ōkubo toshimichi suggested in 1875 that if marquis shō tai were to be made hereditary governor of okinawa , it would help quiet anti - japanese elements in okinawa and would help the prefecture better assimilate into the nation .
overall the displacement of identities that franco maghrebi 's feel becomes a unifying factor in french society and assimilation is particularly difficult because of their placement in the banlieue , and the french 's refusal to assimilate due to the violence portrayed at events such as in the summer of 1981 .
another feature of the work prior was producing during this period but less evident in more recent projects , was the attempt to assimilate free improvisation into the devising of his ultimately ' fixed ' compositions .
during the enlightenment , spain briefly and unsuccessfully tried to assimilate the romanies into the mainstream population by forcing them to abandon their language and way of life ; even the word " gitano " was made illegal .
higher temperatures also allow mafic magmas to assimilate wall rocks more readily and therefore contamination is more common and better developed .
towards the last decade of the japanese rule , the occupation force started a systematic campaign of kōminka ( 皇民化 transformation into imperial subjects ) to instill the " japanese spirit " ( 大和魂 yamato damashī ) to assimilate ethnic taiwanese into imperial subjects of the japanese empire .
later , smytus managed to catch jenny in a trap and then assimilate her into the cluster , an act that sent out a distress signal which automatically reactivated prototypes xj-1 through -8 .
he asked qin shi huang to send 500 thousand people from central china to nanhai to assimilate the culture of central china and yue .
as a part of the policy to limit the influence of the chinese communists and to encourage the ethnic chinese to assimilate , the state required chinese indonesian individuals to change their names .
in 1763 , the british emerged victorious and the french civilians , whom the british hoped to assimilate , were declared " british subjects " .
" samira is the epitome of extreme intelligence in her ability to assimilate mashriqi singing , even though bathed in a somehow different tradition . "
jäger escaped capture by the allies when the war ended , assumed a false identity , and was able to assimilate back into society as an agriculturist until his report was discovered in march 1959 .
racial passing may be used by people of other races to assimilate to groups other than european .
as tightly - knit peasant communities tend to assimilate eventual newcomers very quickly , this has meant that most marriages within the swedish - speaking peasantry during this period were contracted with members of the same language group .
in ' , she played the borg queen , who attempts to assimilate earth into the borg collective .
for example , when an unfamiliar dog is seen , a person will probably just assimilate it into their dog schema .
it took until the 1970s for a group to adequately assimilate the teachings and begin to put it into practice .
individuals may assimilate together with no strict dominance hierarchies
( the straits chinese , most of whom were rich merchants instead of manual labourers , were an exception and managed to assimilate reasonably well , with many of them habitually speaking malay at home , dressing in the malay style , and preferring malay cuisine . )
the bulgarian parliamentary committee on human rights and religious freedom approved in february 2010 a declaration , condemning the communist regime 's attempt to forcefully assimilate the country 's ethnic turkish population .
the first week or two of college for new students can have a consciousness¬raising effect if the university plans ritualistic events designed to assimilate the students into the university 's vision .
essentially , domestication is the tendency of civilization , as an orderly , predictable system , to attempt to assimilate the entire rest of the universe into itself , to make the whole world into one colossal orderly , predictable system .
the branton files are typically written in a rambling style , with many digressions and asides ... probably due mostly to the fact that his manuscripts are ' collections ' of writings from dozens of different sources , compiled / edited in no particular order , but given with the intent that the reader will sort through and assimilate the information in keeping with their own individual perspectives on reality .
after the rebellion , upper and lower canada were united as the province of canada , but the château clique did not disappear like the family compact . while the english - speaking population became the majority , the british - appointed governor - generals still attempted to force the french canadian population to assimilate .
blackfoot children were forced to go to boarding schools , where they were forbidden to speak their native language , practice customs , or wear traditional clothing , in an attempt to assimilate them into mainstream american society .
the long period between 1933 and 1964 , began with the need to assimilate 71 diverse areas into the system .
on occasion , long chains of high vowels can assimilate , each forcing the next .
in the mediterranean , the cardium pottery fishermen show no less dynamism and colonize / assimilate all of italy and the mediterranean regions of france and spain .
the following night , evaine guides camber through the magical procedure to assimilate alister cullen 's identity , using an arcane disguise to conceal her identity from king cinhil .
if until mid 1980s the population of non - european origin ( either portuguese or foreign nationality ) is rare and does not present particular problems of integration into the portuguese society , revealing a great capacity of adaptation , thanks to its will to assimilate and the notion that they were foreigners , and privileged links with the ethnic communities of origin , after the mid 1980s , the same situation is no longer visible .
ridge was one of the five beneficed clergy who , at the primary visitation of henry leslie at lisburn in july 1636 , refused to subscribe to the new canons , which were to assimilate the doctrine and ceremonies of the irish church to those of england .
meanwhile , in france the government of the third republic directed one of its ministers , adolphe crémieux , " to destroy the military regime … [ and ] to completely assimilate algeria into france . "
he had cherished his carlisle experience , with the belief that his people needed to become educated and assimilate into american society .
earlier , with a will to assimilate hungarians in czechoslovakia , some 44,000 magyars , much as over 100,000 slovaks , had been sent or deported to the depopulated sudetenland for labor service .
according to this hypothesis , jewish hellenists , wanting to assimilate into greek society , obliterated the sign of their circumcisions by finding ways to lengthen them , to make it look as if they had not been circumcised at all .
the reception in england disappointed him , as he records much later in a letter to max muller " the british public ought to know how the most advanced type of hinduism in india is trying to absorb and assimilate the christianity of christ , and how it is establishing and spreading , under the name of the new dispensation , a new hinduism , which combines yoga and bhakti , and also a new christianity , which blends together apostolical faith and modern civilisation and science . "
the thais met with resistance from the indigenous tibeto - burmans in the north and mon - khmers in the south but somehow managed to displace , assimilate or co - opt them without force , most certainly because there were already thai people living in the area .
one aspect of this examination can be seen as a critique of puerto ricans who give up their culture to assimilate into the american culture as compared to puerto ricans who refuses to let go of their cultural identity .
for other types of nonfiction books or articles , a ghostwriter will interview the credited author and review previous speeches , articles , and interviews with the credited author , to assimilate his or her arguments and points of view .
no attempts were made to assimilate those languages into serbo - croatian language .
the notable absence of ethnic restrictions on holding government office allowed kurdish tribal leaders and notables to purchase office and establish a strong kurdish presence in iranian politics without having to culturally assimilate or deny ethnicity .
arriving at the studio , pomus attempted to assimilate the sound of the horns and penned an introduction to a piece he initially titled " a crowded avenue " .
jesuits unsuccessfully tried to peacefully assimilate the aboriginals into the european culture brought by the spanish conquistadores .
for it is the function of consciousness not only to recognize and assimilate the external world through the gateway of the senses , but to translate into visible reality the world within us ( cw8 , 342 ) .
claiming that the chinese refused to and could never assimilate into american society , as well as their willingness to work with little pay , bigler urged californians to " check this tide of asiatic immigration . "
peshawar managed to assimilate many of the ethnic pashtun afghans with relative ease and many of them still remain in pakistan .
" it is probable that , without any factual basis , darkness was added in order to wrap the cross in a rich symbol and/or assimilate jesus to other worthies " .
these japanese have been forced to assimilate and for the most part , the returnees overall are reported to have not been fully accepted into north korean society ( with a few exceptions , such as those who became part of the government ) and instead ended up on the fringes , including concentration camps mentioned below .
it was part of a series of efforts to assimilate the scottish highlands , ending their ability to revolt , and the first of the ' king 's laws ' which sought to crush the clan system in the aftermath of the jacobite rising of ' forty - five .
in the nitrogen cycle , bacteria assimilate and transfer nitrogen from the soil into the atmosphere .
although cecchetti insisted upon strict adherence to his program of daily practice , he also taught that the lesson of the day should be followed by studying new steps composed by the teacher to develop the student 's powers in " quick study " and his ability to assimilate new steps and new " enchaînements " .
the romanian state began opening schools for the romanian influenced vlachs in the 1860s , but this initiative was regarded with suspicion by the greeks , who thought romania was trying to assimilate them .
vishnu sarma 's idea was that humans can assimilate more about their own habitually unflattering behavior if it is disguised in terms of entertainingly configured stories about supposedly less illustrious beasts than themselves .
as they had renounced their olympian gods once the two queens parted ways , they eventually began to assimilate various religions and goddesses from the many lands they traveled to .
alicke and govorun proposed this idea , that rather than individuals consciously reviewing and thinking about their own abilities , behaviours and characteristics and comparing them to those of others , it is likely that people instead have what they describe as an “ automatic tendency to assimilate positively - evaluated social objects toward ideal trait conceptions ” .
however , from 1850s until world war ii the norwegian government initiated fornorskningspolitikken ( the norwegianization policy ) , where the goal was to assimilate the kven and sami people , and culture , into the national majority .
nonetheless , most of the ukrainians there did assimilate .
in greek , the aramaic is written εφφαθα. this could be from the aramaic ' ethpthaḥ ' , the passive imperative of the verb ' pthaḥ ' , ' to open ' , since the ' th ' could assimilate in western aramaic .
its name comes from the ability to assimilate lactose and convert it into lactic acid .
they feel that the western - cape based afrikaners — whose ancestors did not trek eastwards or northwards — took advantage of the republican boers ' destitution following the anglo - boer war and later attempted to assimilate the boers into a new politically based cultural label as " afrikaners " .
the mycorrhiza helps the orchid absorb and assimilate nutrients
gurdjieff was documented as teaching that people assimilate and transubstantiate certain matter which upon their death is released from their body and transferred to the moon .
but then spencer proceeded to attempt to assimilate the two .
an early lead in the field was taken by the aedui , early allies of rome and eager to assimilate to the ways of their new rulers : maenian schools were celebrated as early as the reign of tiberius ( r. 14–37 ce ) .
the temperature on top of the continental shelf mixes , and the temperature , salinity , and concentration of water and the nutrients in them assimilate .
this is believed to help the student , who is familiar with judaic symbols , with a unique and familiar way to quickly assimilate complex combat techniques using familiar visual memory tools .
in the centuries after the battle of malazgirt local populations began to assimilate to the emerging turkish population .
portugal sought in mozambique , as it did in all its colonies , to europeanize the local population and assimilate them into portuguese culture .
gopi , the patriarch , has no doubt that the road along the way will be paved with gold , while his wife ritsi tries to assimilate herself with the other american housewives .
this provided cultural and educational services to help volksdeutsche assimilate to german ways .
persecution despite attempted integration forced assimilationists to realise that the host cultures were un - prepared to allow them to assimilate totally .
this misuse of the book 's message is seen by some as an attempt by organizational management to make employees quickly and unconditionally assimilate management ideals , even if they may prove detrimental to them professionally . "
the chinese had to fall back on political means to ensnare hmong people , they created multiple competing positions of substantial prestige for hmong people to participate and assimilate into the chinese government system .
clearly in the novel , this is not the case , however throughout , the reader witnesses the garcia family assimilate into american society .
a period of adjustment follows for the butchers , as they try to assimilate what has occurred to whitney .
later , attempts were made by the german authorities to assimilate the population into the body of volksdeutsche , and to encourage collaboration with the occupying forces .
the muslims in china who were descended from earlier immigration began to assimilate by speaking chinese dialects and by adopting chinese names and culture .
the overmind quickly launches an invasion to assimilate the protoss and gain genetic perfection
they also gained the ability to assimilate an opponent 's dna by biting them and regenerate rapidly .
the japanese had sent delegations and students around the world in order to learn and assimilate western arts and sciences ; this was done not only to prevent japan from falling under foreign domination but to enable japan to compete equally with the western powers .
many of the ethnic groups newly brought under russian control were pressured and forced to assimilate : local languages , cultures , and religions were prohibited , a policy which was enforced with brutality .
the speaker hides until the last stanza , appearing as the " me " out of which " forms " are being flung ; but does the speaker assimilate the reader , as it is in fact the " reader " who is " beholding " the poem , reading it into being in the present moment ?
the sephardi population in maghreb was urbanised and wealthier , so most maghrebim chose to assimilate into the sephardic jewish community .
in the late 19th century , hungary had undergone a period of rapid magyarization , during which it attempted to assimilate all its minorities .
in 1853 the township amalgamated with salford despite opposition from some of its more wealthy residents , who did n't wish to " assimilate the cotton of manchester or the filth of salford " .
one of the major goals of the new library was to assimilate the old and the new structures , architecturally and aesthetically .
in 1896 she founded the keep clean mission at b'ne jeshurun temple in milwaukee to help educate young jewish girls to assimilate to a more mainstream american way of life .
there are also numerous resources available in print and online for helping assimilate rescue dogs into new homes .
" mimesis and alterity " looks primarily at the way people from different cultures experience the two themes of the book – how we come to adopt or assimilate another 's nature or culture ( mimesis ) , and also how we come to identify / distance ourselves with / from it ( alterity ) .
together with the fact that cantonese is most commonly used as the language of both everyday and formal conversations , as well as its use in the media and education , other han chinese groups in hong kong , such as the hakka , the hoklo ( hokkien ) , the shanghainese , or the teochew , in particular those who are hong kong born or raised , often assimilate into the mainstream cantonese identity of hong kong .
for the villains it was , for example , singular good luck which enabled them to discover and identify an obscure vicar ’s fourth son asleep on a solitary picnic ; it was very bad luck for them that he was able to assimilate a sixteenth times fatal dose of morphia .
other ethnic groups were either small and confined to limited localities ( such as the muslim turpan uyghurs in wuling , hunan , and the babylonian jewry of kaifeng , see kaifeng jews ) , or were force to assimilate into the han chinese or muslim huis ( such as some christian and jewish semu in the northwest , who , though thoroughly islamicized , still unto this day retain peculiar labels like " black cap / doppa huihui " , " blue cap huihui " ) .
this is partially due to centuries of pressure to assimilate into spanish - speaking culture .
after that experience , dresnok decided to settle in north korea and assimilate .
this was because the vatican had hoped that the ukrainian catholics would assimilate into the roman catholic church , which was already well established .
rather than confront and destroy , it has a tendency to welcome and assimilate . "
overall , the intention was to assimilate the gaelic and gaelicised upper classes and develop a loyalty on their part to the new crown ; to this end , they were granted english titles and for the first time admitted to the irish parliament .
the desire to assimilate into mainstream american society created changes in traditional japanese buddhist religious architecture and ritual and culture in order to conform to the predeominant protestant christian religion : temples resembled christian churches in their interior style and design ( replacing " tatami " mats with pews and introducing lecterns ) , and supplemented traditional shinshu liturgy with introduction of western musical instruments ( organs and pianos ) in services , singing of " gathas " modeled after christian hymns , and male and female choirs .
through her experiences with the tehkohn , alanna has learned that the garkohn have addicted the missionaries to a plant under their control and intend to assimilate the physically weaker missionaries and use their technology against the tehkohn .
in response , anyone , no matter how weak , wishing to understand himself thoroughly , must " assimilate the whole of the reality of the incarnation and redemption in order to find himself . "
most corals , while able to assimilate nitrate , can not be expected to survive , much less thrive , with high nitrate concentrations .
" the making of an american " was made in 1920 to be used as an educational tool in the governmental americanization initiatives to assimilate immigrants into mainstream culture , especially by encouraging them to learn the english language .
quite honestly , this is really one of those albums you not only have to hear but struggle to assimilate into your consciousness ... "
the lack of participation of mexican - americans in omaha in the administration and reform of health care has also been noted as further evidence of the absence of desire to assimilate .
but despite this , mrs. sen refuses to assimilate to any degree , continuing to wrap herself in saris , serving indian canapés to eliot ’s mother , and putting off the prospect of driving .
during the phalanx covenant storyline , the phalanx attempted to assimilate the camp 's systems but were overwhelmed by the professor 's celestial and future technology .
in 1969 the family left rhodesia to settle in cape town south africa and it is here the young guitarist really started to absorb and assimilate the multi - textured rhythms and facets of the rich , indigenous music of his upbringing and surroundings .
for instance , i identify myself with a characteristic of my father and transform myself to assimilate this characteristic into my personality .
our students learn how to preserve their culture and values and assimilate only the best from the world at large .
correspondingly , the development of cognitive skills tends to be slow and depends on the student 's personal efforts to assimilate new information , hence progress .
additional differences include the fact that tenctonese bodies do not assimilate the nutrients of food if it has been cooked .
because of his ability to perform alchemy , wrath can assimilate any sort of material or object into his body .
islam 's influence on the ability of muslim immigrants in the west to assimilate .
the expansionist aims were to increase the number of cavalry soldiers and to gradually assimilate and bring conquered countries under direct ottoman control .
in an attempt to assimilate the country into the chinese cultural sphere , this period saw an invaluable part of vietnamese academic and historical works destroyed by the ming authorities .
with the above vision and process , the ashram functions as a training center ; people can either stay at or visit the ashram and attend services and assimilate in the teachings of the guru by doing karma - correct actions .
cubes also have the ability to assimilate the special weapons of enemy ships , which can then be fed through a secondary structure to equip every cube with the same weapon .
at the rate it grows , it could possibly assimilate the entire planet earth within a week .
while the evidence of her work is fragmentary , it nonetheless places hebard within an essentially progressive tradition of qualified optimism about immigrants’ ability to assimilate to anglo - american cultural norms .
the name change was also part of a larger trend by jews to assimilate in the u.s. by taking american - sounding names .
the " anti - assimilationalist stance represented by ' kanak attak ' " shows up throughout their writings , such as when they reject people and groups who tell them " who does not want to ' adapt ' ( read assimilate ) into the open society has no business in enlightened germany " .
but , i take leave to think the doctrine contained in it is one you 'll have to assimilate sooner or later and which wo n't do you any harm .
they are offshoots of the tleilaxu face dancers sent out in the scattering and have become almost godlike because of their capacity to assume the persona of whoever they kill — and they have been doing this for centuries , capturing mentats and tleilaxu masters and whatever else they could assimilate , until now they play with whole planets and civilizations .
after neo leaves the oracle , a large group of " smiths , " after assimilating sati and seraph , arrive to assimilate the unresisting oracle , gaining her powers of precognition .
he recommended that self - government be granted and that lower and upper canada be re - joined in an attempt to assimilate the french canadians .
according to scottish house secretary moyna scotland , the tendency to disguise scottish associations was mirrored in australia : ' scots did what they were told to do when they came to australia assimilate and integrate and they almost disappeared ' , and consequently one aim of tartan day is to help australians reconnect with their scottish ancestry .
dubuffet argued that ' culture ' , that is mainstream culture , managed to assimilate every new development in art , and by doing so took away whatever power it might have had .
the garcía girls are quite conflicted upon their arrival in the united states as they find that distinct cultural groups are lumped together under one broad " immigrant " category and newcomers are encouraged to assimilate silently to the american norm .
the grolims are preparing for an orgy of sacrifice to torak , but the general staff see an opportunity to assimilate the karandese , providing a vassal state and expanding the burgeoning angarak empire .
since the jews were further developed they would take the lead in the development of the country and the arabs would subject themselves to jewish cultural influence and assimilate .
jäger escaped capture by the allies when the war ended , assumed a false identity , and was able to assimilate back into society as a farm hand until his report was discovered in march 1959 .
generally , they wanted the french canadian majority of lower canada to assimilate to english culture .
the objectives should be delivered using action oriented words like : the employee ... " will be able to demonstrate " or " will know when to " ... which will help the audience understand what he / she should know by the end of the class or what to information to assimilate during the class .
you 've defeated the borg with one thing the queen can never assimilate : the human spirit .
when compared to the immigrants from the british west indies , haitians did not assimilate into cuban society nearly as well .
it also had the ability to assimilate technology from the real world such as a camcorder that it absorbed when the military tried to study it .
when he died on 15 september 1942 , therefore , she had developed enough to be able to assimilate his death with a certain ease – particularly because she realised as well the fate that would otherwise have awaited him as a jew .
in an interview published in the london " jewish chronicle " in 1950 he argued that jews should either migrate to israel or assimilate completely into their local cultures .
this update frequency is still only once an hour ( the standard interval for asos observation reporting ) , and with current computational limitations and the time required to assimilate all of the data , there is approximately an hour delay in producing the forecasts . because of this , it is common practice to use a one - hour forecast from the ruc as a current analysis , as the one - hour forecast comes out only a few minutes before the time it is forecasting for .
in their second appearance , " the best of both worlds " , they capture and assimilate jean - luc picard into the collective by surgically altering him , creating locutus of borg .
possibly it was the time required to assimilate the tough american reality ( " the paraguayan pain " ) , after of contact it , barret enriches his spirit .
in italian , voiceless stops assimilate to a following : latin " okto " " eight " > it . "
to assimilate a neutral island , an accb ( automatic command - centre builder ) pod must be placed by a walrus .
on particularism it was believed that a movement of american catholics felt they were a special case who needed greater latitude in order to assimilate into a majority protestant nation .
groups were thought to eventually assimilate , but racism remained and is still present today .
it should be acknowledged that botswana was named after batswana and so the ruling party was in a mission to form a tswana mono ethnic state in other words they chose to assimilate any other non tswana group including bakalanga in to the dominant tswana groups and so the country was divided amongst the tswana groups .
in " ego , hunger and aggression " ( 1947 ) , fritz perls ' first book , to which laura perls contributed ( ultimately without recognition ) , perls suggested that when the infant develops teeth , he or she has the capacity to chew , to break apart food , and by analogy to experience , to taste , accept , reject or assimilate .
polish catholic boys were subject to similar pressure to convert and assimilate as the russian empire was hostile to catholicism and polish nationalism .
all " a. adeninivorans " strains share unusual biochemical activities being able to assimilate a range of amines , adenine ( hence the name " a.adeninivorans " ) and several other purine compounds as sole energy and carbon source , they all share properties like nitrate assimilation , the are thermo - tolerant ( they can grow at temperatures of up to 48 °c ) .
the zoats communicated telepathically , and had other prodigious abilities to assimilate the cultures .
by cultivating " xinxing " to assimilate to the nature of the universe , and by eliminating karma though enduring tribulations and hardships , one can return to the " original , true self " , and understand the truth of human life .
the case causes tension to mount between sikes and francisco as they discover that some newcomers will do anything to assimilate into human society - even if it means their destruction .
researchers have noticed that geophagy is not as prevalent as it once was as rural americans assimilate into urban culture .
in the first of his numerous writings , penone asked himself emblematically whether the earth could assimilate and express the human .
jeannine begins to doubt her sense of reality , but soon decides that she wants to assimilate into her role as a woman .
this is due in part to the growing addition of bands that assimilate to common styles in nwoahm ( as defined below ) , yet have not differentiated greatly enough as to garner a new genre moniker .
as the result , hokkien race basically expaned to the different place and fatefully assimilate extra thing with local costume over the other classes .
she rose through the ranks fast at a young age because of her ability to assimilate information . "
however , auza is unable to assimilate carpenter , whose unique psionic power ends up taking control of the cerebrate and thereby the entire incubus brood .
huguenots tended to assimilate more quickly into english - speaking society than their catholic counterparts .
the stated aim was to culturally assimilate mixed - descent people into contemporary australian society .
those demanding " americanization " and " anglo - conformity " from the immigrants regarded america as an anglo - saxon nation and demanded that the immigrants would culturally assimilate .
to supporters of independence , the concept of new taiwanese implied that " waishengren " should assimilate into a taiwanese identity which was separate from the chinese one .
these are sources which , usually , are accounts , works , or research that analyze , assimilate , evaluate , interpret , and/or synthesize primary sources .
this dilution of non - white admixture would be beneficial to their offspring as they would face less stigmatization and find it easier to assimilate into mainstream society .
turkey 's obvious aim is to assimilate the part of cyprus it occupies and to ultimately annex it while turkey and the de facto trnc counters that the proportion of turk to greek on the island heavily favors greece and that therefore their allowing turkish immigration seeks to redress this imbalance .
if these words are followed by a voiceless stop , the tends to assimilate according to the place of articulation of the following sound ; conversely , the stop tends to get voiced .
further , he expressed the question of whether a black subaltern person could assimilate into a church controlled by a colonizing nation .
the concept of absorptive capacity was first defined as a firm ’s “ ability to recognize the value of new information , assimilate it , and apply it to commercial ends ” by cohen and levinthal .
unlike the earlier generations , they would not likely intermarry / assimilate with other indigenous people becasuse of the gender balance and the natural tendency of chinese filipinos to preserve and protect their culture , roots and identity etc .
however , the jester saved her from her fall and caused an enlightened evil gun to assimilate with her , thus making her and the weapon one and the same .
the fbi did not assimilate piecemeal information on oddly - behaving foreign flight - training students into this context .
the borg discover species 8472 in the delta quadrant and try to assimilate its biotechnology which is more advanced than anything the borg have seen .
the borg collective improves by consuming technologies , in a similar way wishes borgchat to " assimilate " .
by 2000 , however , many felt that maintaining parallel newlabour and alliance structures was counter - productive , and at newlabour 's october conference , it was decided to completely assimilate the party into the larger alliance structure , marking the end of newlabour as an autonomous group .
peshawar managed to assimilate many of the ethnic pashtun afghans with relative ease and many of them still remain in pakistan .
in the course of the 20th century the numbers declined , especially because of the pressure to assimilate , to an official figure of 2.3 per cent of the total population .
the general tendency , however , was for both the communities and their customs to assimilate , adopting a mostly sephardic liturgy and identity .
mussolini wanted to assimilate even the arabs of libya ( whom he called " muslim italians " ) and so in 1939 were created 10 villages for arabs and berbers : " el fager " ( alba ) , " nahima " ( deliziosa ) , " azizia " ( profumata ) , " nahiba " ( risorta ) , " mansura " ( vittoriosa ) , " chadra " ( verde ) , " zahara " ( fiorita ) , " gedina " ( nuova ) , " mamhura " ( fiorente ) , " el beida " ( la bianca ) .
after the capture of new france the british implemented a plan to control the french and entice them to assimilate into the british way of life .
at the beginning of " survivor , " diut has already realized that the garkohn hope to assimilate the missionaries into their tribe , addicting the missionaries to a local drug and using the missionaries ' technology to gain an advantage over the tehkohn .
finland enjoyed wide autonomy until the end of the nineteenth century , when russia began attempts to assimilate finland as part of a general policy to strengthen the central government and unify the empire through russification .
the visual system in humans allows individuals to assimilate information from the environment .
gertrude stein references in the book a process in order for the french people to assimilate into the french culture , or in her terms , to become " civilised " .
instead , atc will assign headings and altitudes that will assimilate the aircraft into the arriving traffic for a repeated approach attempt .
microbial iron transport ( siderophore)-mediated drug delivery makes use of the recognition of siderophores as iron delivery agents in order to have the microbe assimilate siderophore conjugates with attached drugs .
( 4 ) " over - stimulation : " whereas in many language classrooms , the teacher is wary of throwing too much at the student at once , the accelerated learning language teacher may bombard the student with material knowing that the human brain can often assimilate around 80% more information than we assume .
though the 4th fighter wing will continue as a lead wing when deployed , it will now assimilate into the more predictable 90-day 10 aef schedule , as opposed to waiting for the call from higher headquarters .
before that time , the norwegian government attempted to assimilate the indigenous sami into the norwegian majority population .
a set of organizational routines and processes by which firms acquire , assimilate , transforms and exploit knowledge to produce a dynamic organizational capability . ”
internalisation refers to the active attempt to transform an extrinsic motive into personally endorsed values and thus assimilate behavioural regulations that were originally external ( ryan , 1995 ) .
in the wartheland , the nazis ' goal was complete germanization : to assimilate the territories politically , culturally , socially , and economically into the german reich .
a meteorological reanalysis is a meteorological data assimilation project which aims to assimilate historical observational data spanning an extended period , using a single consistent assimilation ( or " analysis " ) scheme throughout .
certainly it was possible to put oneself on good terms with the regime by professing to be windisch with the associated promise to assimilate .
after successfully driving species 8472 back into their fluidic space , seven of nine attempts to assimilate " voyager " but is severed from the hive mind , becoming a member of " voyager"s crew .
from the late 18th century , european canadians encouraged aboriginal peoples in canada to assimilate into their own culture , referred to as " canadian culture " .
there were fears that powerful nations like the soviet union and the people 's republic of china were using their power to forcibly assimilate other countries into communist rule .
the local population , for reasons of practicality in relation to the increasing trade with the neighbouring united states , had an overwhelming desire to assimilate the canadian currency with the american unit , but the imperial authorities in london still preferred the idea of sterling to be the sole currency throughout the british empire .
furthermore , continuants assimilate progressively ( pes+ne- → pesse- ) and stops regressively ( korjat+ne- → korjanne- ) .
norway had yet to develop enough cultural self - esteem to assimilate the sami into ethnic norwegians , as they themselves were struggling to find their own identity during this time , compared with danes and swedes .
until the 1960s immigrants were expected to assimilate into the mainstream society .
for this reason , the world friends’ operative centre has taken the decision to live and work in the city of nairobi in kenya so as to assimilate better into the social structure of the area and be able to act as spokesman for the local communities .
goodale believed the indians must totally assimilate .
some multiracial children feel pressure from various sources to " choose " or to assimilate into a single racial identity , while others whose identity or lifestyle is perceived to be closer to some of their component races than others may feel pressure not to abandon one or more of their ethnicities .
the new albanian state did not attempt to assimilate this minority or to forcibly change the names of local towns and villages .
the goals of this program were to educate the khmer loeu , to teach them khmer , and eventually to assimilate them into the mainstream of cambodian society .
the region could even assimilate the turkic ghaznavids and seljuks ( 11th and 12th centuries ) , the timurids ( 14th and 15th centuries ) , and the qajars ( 19th and 20th centuries ) .
the indian relocation act of 1956 ( also known as public law 959 or the adult vocational training program ) was a united states law intended to encourage native americans in the united states to leave indian reservations , acquire vocational skills , and assimilate into the general population .
the experience of gnosis receives expression in the gnostic mythos which allows the gnostic to amplify and assimilate the experience of gnosis and also makes further experience of gnosis possible .
it 's interesting to note that despite the anti - racism legislation implemented in hong kong , there has been considerable condemnation in regards to its decision to assimilate recent chinese residents and local ( or overseas ) hong kong chinese residents into the same category .
members of one of the three subdivisions of canadian doukhobors , the small radical sons of freedom group , went so far in the 1900s as to publicly strip in mass public demonstrations to protest against government policies which were meant to assimilate them .
it is usually distinguished from " b. pseudomallei " by its ability to assimilate arabinose .
in that retired valley beside the flowing brook the secret rites and mysteries of the true rosicrucian philosophy flourished unmolested for years , until the state of affairs brought about by the american revolution , together with pernicious sunday legislation which also discriminated against the keepers of the scriptural sabbath day , gradually caused the incoming generation to assimilate with the secular congregations . "
this allowed society to assimilate the change and deal with it before the next change arrived .
brunet demanded - and received - a signed personal pledge of loyalty from all officers and insisted they assimilate french ideas .
" american born chinese " tells the story of jin wang , a son of chinese immigrants , who struggles to assimilate at a predominately white school after moving from san francisco 's chinatown to the suburbs .
for fear of discrimination , some fled to the mountains after world war ii while many others changed their names in the attempts to assimilate .
" the boys of buchenwald " is a documentary film that examines how the child survivors of the buchenwald concentration camp had to assimilate themselves back into normal society after having experienced the brutality of the holocaust .
after world war i , the klan continued to grow as a result of postwar social strains , and the effort to assimilate thousands of veterans in the job market .
as a precursor to this , alexander the great had tried to " mingle " his macedonians and other greeks with the persians , egyptians , syrians , etc in order to assimilate the people of the conquered persian empire , but after his death this policy was largely ignored by his successors .
in general much of glazer 's work in the 1950s had strong strains of patriotism and optimism about the future , including a belief that the overwhelming majority of immigrants would come to identify completely with american values and thus assimilate into american society .
sulfur autrophy is the ability to assimilate sulfate ( sulfur assimilation ) .
rosenfarb 's readership decreased as the secular yiddish culture in the americas began to erode and assimilate .
interpretation of meanings and imagery are anchored in what the historical author intended and what his contemporary audience inferred ; a message to christians not to assimilate into the roman imperial culture was john 's central message .
bahraini persians do not tend to assimilate into the surrounding arabic culture .
french philosopher jean guitton , as reported in the summer 1995 issue of the magazine " the latin mass " and directly in a radio interview , said that " pope paul revealed to him that it was his [ the pope ’s ] intention to assimilate as much as possible of the new catholic liturgy to protestant worship " ..
the principle that these different ports should be placed on the same footing , in regard to duties , privileges , and immunities , has been fully recognised , and the intention of the instructions communicated has been , we learn , to assimilate them exactly in these respects .
within each smaller ethnicity , individuals may tend to see it perfectly justified to assimilate with other cultures including sexuality and some others view assimilation as wrong and incorrect for their culture or institution .
