another vulnerability that was fixed was one whereby an attacker could respond to an sql server discovery message broadcast by clients with a specially crafted packet that could cause a buffer overflow .
however , the hebrew university team notes that an attacker only need steal the state bits once in order to persistently violate the security of a cryptgenrandom instance .
while getting close enough to fire a weapon , an attacker must keep his aircraft 's nose far enough away from the tail of the defender to be able to get a good aim , and to prevent an overshoot .
the attacker follows the flow of the lock and escapes it while putting a lock on the opponent .
one of his men , joseph proctor , witnessed estill 's death killing his attacker with his rifle .
for example , a service that propagates the details about the database in use as result of an internal error can fall a victim to an attack where the attacker makes use of the reported error details and attempts to connect to the database .
a large or powerful attack will result in a re - direction or throw that involves much more energy , translating to a more devastating outcome upon the attacker .
trying to judge if a player is level with an opponent at the moment the ball is kicked is not easy : if an attacker and a defender are running in opposite directions , they can be two metres apart in a tenth of a second .
in computer security , a pseudoserver is a server similar in function to a honeypot except that a honeypot has the function to attract an attacker through a deliberate vulnerability in order to elicit unauthorised access attempts from them so that monitoring may take place .
a syn flood is a form of denial - of - service attack in which an attacker sends a succession of codice_1 requests to a target 's system .
when the assassin tries again , blaster eventually finds out that his attacker was beachcomber , who was being controlled by the decepticon bombshell at the behest of soundwave .
sometimes those who practice negative campaigning and publicity also denounce the approach when used against their side by telling the attacker to be nice , be civil , stay clean , be positive , not hurt others , not get personal , not to scare people , etc .
for this attacker the objective is to avoid the scissors against such a bandit .
variations of the move can have the wrestler hold the opponent up over his shoulder and throwing the opponent round from that position , while another variation of the move sees a wrestler hang the opponent across both the attacker 's shoulders and throw out the legs behind them so the victim swings back round to drop in a position .
another variation has the attacker apply a two - handed choke and throw the opponent overhead while falling back .
although the mariners season got off to a bad start with a loss to the , they soon found their feet to record back - to - back wins over and , however , against canberra , lost their first choice keeper lisa hartley after she fouled a canberra united attacker and was shown a straight red card .
the most commonly used hash functions can be computed rapidly and the attacker can test guesses repeatedly with different guesses until one succeeds , meaning that the plaintext password has been recovered .
neither system has ever been successfully penetrated , and their isolation mechanisms have never been successfully defeated by any inside attacker , but it is not known whether the eros or keykos implementations was careful enough .
an asymmetric backdoor is a backdoor ( e.g. , in a cryptosystem ) that can be used only by the attacker , even after it is found .
this move is infrequently used as it can cause spinal injury to the attacker or a cracked pubis to the opponent .
the multiple kick usually targets the face , thigh , and chest , but in turn can be a multiple chest attack which is useful for knocking the breath out of an attacker .
this marked the first time in stanley cup play that a goalie was pulled for an extra attacker .
prosecutors argued that it must have been particularly difficult to assess the situation for the intervening police officer , because when he entered the room " elwy okaz and alex wiens were both covered in blood and elwy okaz had just managed to grab the handle of the knife with his hand , making it appear as though he was the attacker " .
counter - attacks only score if the attacker misses .
as the index is randomly chosen by the bank , an arbitrary tan acquired by an attacker is usually worthless .
her port batteries dispatched one , and the cap splashed another ; but the third attacker , though hit repeatedly and trailing smoke , made it through and crashed into " bryant " just below the bridge near the main radio room .
thus , most drills or self - defense sets have the defender finishing on his feet , often after taking the attacker to the ground .
lictor , or tyranicus chameleo , is an elite attacker that is able to ambush and deep strike .
the opposite manoeuvre , a “ high yo - yo ” trades speed for height , literally storing energy in “ the altitude bank ” , which allows a fast moving attacker to slow his closing speed .
marianne ( " miek " ) antoinette van geenhuizen ( born 17 december 1981 in eindhoven , noord - brabant ) is a dutch field hockey player who played as an attacker for dutch clubs oranje zwart , hc den bosch and laren .
the description provided by the " hidden " witness of the alleged attacker materially differed from whitmore 's actual physical appearance .
if an attacker uses an older compromised value for kab , he can then replay the message formula_9 to bob , who will accept it , being unable to tell that the key is not fresh .
this allows the attacker to make a smaller turn , correcting an overshoot , and to pull in behind the defender .
thunderball rendered captain america unconscious and kelsey selflessly put herself between the fallen captain and the wasp and their attacker , using the downed hero 's shield .
one was shot to death in a shootout two days after the bombing ; suspect kang min - chul and the other attacker attempted to commit suicide by blowing themselves up with a hand grenade that same day , but survived , although kang lost an arm .
the goalkeeper generally has a significant advantage on a ball high in the air , as he can raise his arms and play the ball before an attacker can attempt a header .
by embedding a suitable piece of code in an html post , an attacker may receive cookies of other users .
frank o. montelongo as knife attacker
in 2009 , his son jacob was pushed onto a subway track by a random attacker in a well publicized incident in toronto .
the purpose of a dmz is to add an additional layer of security to an organization 's local area network ( lan ) ; an external attacker only has access to equipment in the dmz , rather than any other part of the network .
the one georgia survivor positively identified him as her attacker in court .
security chief bill williams relays the description of the attacker - a man dressed all in black - to colonel white on cloudbase , who is sure that it was none other than captain black , and deduces , correctly , that the hijacked flight 104 is being piloted by the mysteron force .
its most important aspect is a circular motion performed with one arm to distract an opponent , causing the opponent to either take his eyes off the attacker 's other arm or actually focus on the fighter 's circling arm .
this attack reveals the key from sniffed transactions under certain ( common ) circumstances and/or allows an attacker to learn the key by challenging the reader device .
many months after the trojans are discovered and analayzed , the attacker anonymously posts the witnesses of non - encryption for the fake public keys .
so , choosing a password that is longer than fourteen characters or that contains non - alphanumeric symbols may force an attacker to resort to brute - force methods .
( d ) the justified use of reasonable and proportionate force under this section shall constitute a full and complete defense to any civil action brought by an intruder or attacker against a person using such force .
circle strafing is most useful in close - quarters combat , where the apparent motion of the attacking player is the greatest , and thus the chance of disorienting the opponent by making him lose track of the attacker is higher .
the 58-year old attacker , surnamed suen ( 孫 ) , was then arrested by the police .
the midfielder / attacker , who is nicknamed " stotty " , " fingers " and " mick dundee " , started playing hockey when he was eleven years old .
( to overshoot is to fly from an aot ( angle - off - tail : the angle between the nose of the attacker and an imaginary extended line from the nose through the tail of the bandit and extending behind it into the air ) of less than 90 degrees to an aot of greater than 90 degrees . )
" berwick " engaged the attacker but got the worst of the encounter , sustaining a fair amount of damage , though she was hit by only a few 8 " ( which for the most part passed right thru the ship ) and 4.1 " shells .
rather than defeating an attacker with a single , strong defensive line , defence in depth relies on the tendency of an attack to lose momentum over a period of time or as it covers a larger area .
amok episodes of this kind normally end with the attacker being killed by bystanders , or committing suicide .
young turkish players like gökhan gönül , yasin çakmak , i̇lhan parlak , ali bilgin , turkish - english attacker colin kazım - richards , turkish - brazilian left back gökçek vederson joined fenerbahçe in the beginning of the season and chile national football team captain claudio maldonado joined the team in january ' 08 transfer window .
in cryptography , a watermarking attack is an attack on disk encryption methods where the presence of a specially crafted piece of data ( e.g. , a decoy file ) can be detected by an attacker without knowing the encryption key .
she was struck by her attacker and her purse was stolen .
a fight with a vicious thug ends when ann shoots joe 's attacker in the back .
in the side variants the attacker stands to the side of his or her opponent and applies a hold before falling backwards to slam the opponent to the mat .
according to military doctrine , to be successful an attacker generally requires a 3:1 ratio of numerical superiority over the defender ; in mountain warfare this ratio should be considerably higher as the terrain favours defense .
alice and adam , disturbed by seeing their attacker as a human being , return home .
however , an active attacker can break the system using a chosen ciphertext attack , as has been mathematically proven .
semantic security considers only the case of a " passive " attacker , i.e. , one who generates and observes ciphertexts using the public key and plaintexts of her choice .
reportably launtz killed the attacker who wounded him .
between rounds the attacker may attempt to bring up strength points from neighboring hexes to the fight ( a 5 or greater including leadership drm is needed ) .
joe tells his mysterious attacker to bring it on .
if the attack is conducted on a sufficiently large scale , entire geographical regions of internet connectivity can be compromised without the attacker 's knowledge or intent by incorrectly configured or flimsy network infrastructure equipment .
the preferable " tracking shot " opportunity lasts longer ; as long as the attacker can maintain a constant los to the bandit , accomplished by maneuvering in the same plane of motion as the bandit .
you can reduce a attacker 's chances by keeping your systems up to date , using a security scanner or / and hiring competent people responsible for security .
in the original ending , stearne falls in with a group of gypsies and attempts to rape one of their women , who successfully fights off her attacker by plunging her thumbs into his eyes , blinding him .
if the attacker immediately continues his / her attack in the same line , it is called a remise .
in the 1920s , the offside rule was changed to mean that there only had to be two opposing players between the attacker and the goal - line for him to still be onside .
with therapy , her hatred towards the attacker grows , and eventually regains her memory .
she believed that she may have been raped the night she left the party , though she was n't sure and did n't know who her attacker would be .
the spar torpedo as originally designed used a mechanical trigger attached to the attacking vessel by a cord , so that as the attacker backed away from her victim , the torpedo would explode .
the attacker then reverses , trying to remain behind the defender , and the two aircraft begin a weaving flight pattern .
the attacker could then choose to forward the traffic to the actual default gateway ( passive sniffing ) or modify the data before forwarding it ( man - in - the - middle attack ) .
normally , any attacker would be destroyed , however the wind blew in the opposite direction of the flamethrowers so the burning oil flew back onto the tang .
the attacker turns out to be konitz who kills his former associates and again takes the mancinis hostage .
all - round attacker .
because of the length of the court an attacker may " throw " the ball as long as he uses only one hand and does it while remaining in the air .
this may allow an attacker to repudiate signatures he has created , or cause other confusion .
however , if the defender is the victor , then the weakest regiment of the attacker 's army is destroyed and the rest of the army retreats back to the territory from which they initiated the battle .
since many organizations have standard ways of determining login names from real names , an attacker who knows the names of several employees at such an organization can choose one whose security answers are most readily obtained .
he panics and flees , and in a desperate attempt of defense he manages to stun his attacker , a monstrous hybrid of animal and man .
the attacker was further unable to influence the fighting beyond the immediate battlefield , due to the limited range , speed and reliability in existing weapons .
also called a suplex driver or a falcon arrow , this sees an attacker apply a front facelock to the opponent and drapes the opponent 's near arm over their shoulder .
the attacker must get the canary , the algorithm , and the control data to generate the original canary for re - encoding into the canary he needs to use to spoof the protection .
the attacker is said to sacrifice legal protection when initiating the attack .
fortunately , the destroyer minelayer began scoring hits early and managed to shoot down the attacker when he was still away .
if the attacker stops the fight , the defender ( inactive player ) can counterattack with the same method ( note that in this case , the unsupplied forces of the counterattacking army are not halved ) .
for example , a player , seeing torps launched towards him , could wait without replotting until they were about to be hit , then change course towards the attacker , go to maximum speed , and hyperjump over the torps , then fire his own torps .
during his time at djurgården , he has usually been employed as a left winger in a 4 - 4 - 2 formation , but he has also been used as a central attacker in a 4 - 3 - 3 system .
at the directorate of prisons , one attacker blew himself up at a checkpoint and the other ran inside the building and blew himself up , killing seven and injuring 15 .
joux noted that 2-collisions lead to n - collisions : if it is feasible to find two messages with the same md5 hash , it is effectively no more difficult to find as many messages as the attacker desires with identical md5 hashes .
having recently been raped by an unidentified assailant in a darkened laneway , denise boulter identified graham as her attacker when she got into his cab and recognised his aftershave and his use of the phrase " scout 's honour " .
babcock is currently the chair of the bad date committee of toronto , a group that produces a monthly bad date book which publishes reports of violent acts committed against sex workers , including details of the attacker .
it is doubtful whether any attacker has ever used these terms , or whether it has ever appeared in a tactical manual .
the cover was in charge of jowita kaminska ( exodus , attacker ) .
in an unscheduled change of quarters on june 10 , 2002 , he was taken to walk through a courtyard where his would be attacker —
if the attacker knows more accurately when the password was generated , he faces an even smaller number of candidates to test – a serious flaw in this implementation .
this means the attacker 's anthrax was not separated from its ancestors at usamriid for many generations . '
still conscious when found , noe could describe his attacker .
along with his compatriots idahor and osunwa , worgu becomes the third nigerian attacker to join the al - merreikh squad that competed in the african champions ' league for the first time since 2003 .
two germans suffered gunshot wounds while at least one attacker was killed and two were wounded .
on the other hand , if our cipher has this property ( and is generally secure in other ways , too ) , the attacker would need to collect 264 ( ~1020 ) plaintext - ciphertext pairs to crack the cipher in this way .
this move sees the attacker kneel behind a sitting opponent and wrap around one arm under the opponent 's chin and lock his / her hands .
the captured narn is revealed to be the pouch brother of the earlier attacker ; they were the only survivors from a village massacred by lindisty and her father .
boroski was able to provide authorities with a composite sketch and the first three characters of the attacker 's license plate .
also surprising was leaving tall striker nikola žigić on the bench and starting with only on attacker , marko pantelić , upfront .
" luckenbach " was equipped with guns of her own , but they were outranged by the pair of deck guns on her attacker .
the " human bomb " was killed after two days of talks by policemen of the raid , who entered the school stealthily while the attacker was resting .
any shen gong wu based attacks that are directed at the holder of the reversing mirror will be sent back at the attacker upon activation of the reversing mirror .
the attacker is hawkeye , who begins to break down emotionally to wanda about his death in the real timeline .
in weapons governed by priority rules ( foil and sabre ) , the attacker gets priority ( as a reward for his initiative ) .
players may dig " trenches " under their counters , which besides weakening the attacker , strengthening the defender and making the defender immune from flank attacks , also allow defeated forces to avoid retreat at the cost of extra casualties , thus potentially making a densely - packed western front as immobile as it was in reality .
presumably these were a type of waste material expunged from the intestines , used as an offensive deterrent ( much like monkeys throwing excrement ) against an attacker .
he accompanies them to the jla watchtower to seek help from the justice league , and is present when red arrow is mauled by an unknown attacker .
when threatened , the fish often faces its attacker in an upside down posture which brings its spines to bear .
these keys will contribute to the generation of the session secret , from which the session key and parameters for srtp sessions will come , along with previously shared secrets ( if some ) : this gives protection against man - in - the - middle ( mitm ) attacks , assuming the attacker was not present in the first session between the two endpoints .
mulder than turns up , helping him to overpower the attacker .
the attacker also died .
halloran lived long enough to identify his attacker as james flynn , a winter hill associate , who was later tried and acquitted .
furthermore , the identikit drawings of the attacker and his vehicle bore a slight resemblance to murdoch and his vehicle .
this commemorates a recent murder of a danish exchange student by a sex attacker from gosport .
the hapkido practitioner learns to view an attacker as an " energy entity " rather than as a physical entity .
in a cryptosystem , weaknesses can be introduced through insecure handling of plaintext , allowing an attacker to bypass the cryptography altogether .
in the playoffs , boston lost the semifinals to the montreal canadiens ; during game two of the series thompson became the first goaltender to be pulled for a sixth attacker at the end of a game to give his team a higher chance to score a goal .
the attacker must monitor the packets sent from alice to bob and then guess the sequence number of the packets .
the attacker applies a front facelock to the opponent , takes hold of the opponent with his / her free hand , then lifts the opponent until he / she is nearly vertical .
under the bill , a person who was attacked after the attacker was substantially spurred by pornography could have been able to sue the 0146;s producers , publishers , distributors , exhibitors , and sellers without needing a prior criminal charge against the pornography itself .
for example , if it had been much cheaper to add attacking warheads than to add defenses , an attacker of similar economic power could have simply outproduced the defender .
about twenty minutes after he started shooting , the attacker was shot by a part - time student , yitzhak dadon , and by capt .
note that the case of an attacker using only one library is a simplification of the more complex formula for formula_19 .
even if the attacker might have much greater computing resources than the user , the key strengthening will still slow him down .
this poses a security risk for the infected machine 's user , as the attacker can steal personal information , and use the computer as an access point into an internal network .
later , in 1989 , she had a nonspeaking role in dennis potter 's adaptation of blackeyes , appearing as the already - corrupted model who accompanies gina bellham 's character back into the room in which she has just fought off an attempted rape , where they proceed to perform sexually for her attacker as a pair .
at student grade 9 the student is expected to not only know the fundamentals of the style ( as in grade 8) but be able to apply it effectively against an attacker .
the local media quickly names the mysterious attacker " four - eyes " ( " le bigleux " in the original version , lit . "
but it is not an ordinary attacker .
now credited as " the mothers " , zappa and the group recorded two acclaimed live albums , " fillmore east - june 1971 " and " just another band from l.a. " , but zappa again disbanded the band in late 1971 after an attacker had pushed him offstage into an orchestra pit at a concert in london , resulting in serious injuries that kept him off the road for more than a year .
a third defensive line , behind the bar lev line ( the defenses on the canal ) , had its defences concentrated on the main roads and principal routes of advance for an attacker .
lacking the security layout of the target , the attacker must consider whether to attempt to exploit the vulnerability or not .
the second and third classes of attacks are possible with a small probability if the attacker needs advance knowledge of address space layout , but can not derive this knowledge without resorting to guessing or to a brute force search .
the defender can use any blue movement cards to aid in their chance to escape , and the attacker can use them to aid in their chance of catching the defender .
one attacker , mohammad ajmal amir , is known to be a pakistani national .
she participated on the usa youth and junior national teams , where she was voted the most valuable player and " best attacker " at the 2004 norceca championships in cataño , puerto rico .
the attacker performs the roll during a hard , turning chase , rolling both up and away from the turn .
although mortally wounded , an examination finding the bullet had penetrated his intestines , haggerty refused to name his attacker and died from his wounds later that evening .
the police shoot the attacker as he flees , but fail to capture him .
an attacker able to transmit these packets may be able to implement any number of attacks , including arp poisoning attacks , denial of service , and other similar attacks .
after analyzing events , some researchers have concluded that at least some of the gasser incidents were the work of an actual attacker who carried out a series of gassings as reported by witnesses .
attacker class patrol boat .
when letty hallucinates in terror at the sight of the partially buried body of her attacker . "
jay 's small circle jujitsu techniques are smooth and functional because of his creation of the flow , which interchangeable techniques are used to counterattack the moves of the attacker .
this is how an attacker would find out if the targets port is open .
because xor is linear , an attacker may be able to manipulate an encoded pointer by overwriting only the lower bytes of an address .
this technique requires the attacker to guess where on the stack the nop - sled is instead of the comparatively small shellcode .
if an opponent attacks in linear motion , as in a punch or knife thrust , the hapkido student would redirect the opponent 's force by leading the attack in a circular pattern , thereby adding the attacker 's power to his own .
the drunken attacker shouted racial slurs at the victim , suggesting this was a race - based crime .
leaving the dynamic - desire vlan feature enabled in a switch allows an attacker that connects to the switch to monitor all traffic passing through the switch .
the attacker was not named but a picture and other details were printed .
as with most ' security ' screws and bolts , the tamper - resistant aspect of torq - set comes from the fact that the driver required to undo them is not widely used , and an opportunist attacker would be unlikely to be carrying the correct driver at the time a screw was encountered .
if the attacker provides " codice_9 " in the query string , then
it is set during world war i. the hero of the novel , seaman brown , is the sole able - bodied survivor of a sunken british warship , who is able single - handedly to discomfit its attacker , a german cruiser , long enough to ensure its destruction by its pursuers .
a lag displacement roll , also called a " high - g barrel roll " , is a maneuver used to reduce the angle off tail by bringing the attacker from lead pursuit to pure , or even lag pursuit .
the arms of the opponent are sometimes pinned beneath the legs of the attacker .
since a requirement in cryptography is unpredictability to an attacker , " any " published random sequence is a poor choice , as are such sequences as the digits in an irrational number such as the φ or even in transcendental numbers such as π , or e. put another way , in cryptography , random bit streams need to be not only random , but also secret and hence unpredictable .
however , there is no evidence that the attacker planned to crash .
the attacker must make a free pass without undue delay to another offensive player .
space combat is fought in open space or near one of the star system ’s planets , which is determined by the attacker and defender at the beginning of combat .
anna , unaware that she is speaking to her attacker , pleads for his help .
slide : a slide is a set to any attacker who runs parallel to the net and jumps off of one foot .
each round of battle , the attacker plays a card which the defender must match with his / her own identical card or else the defender loses .
hms " attacker " , was the training ship for the university royal naval unit serving glasgow and strathclyde universities , while hms " chaser " performed this role at aberdeen university and hms " fencer " performed the same role for southampton university .
because of his condition , verger is unable to identify lecter as his attacker until the doctor is captured .
after dragging luis away , the attacker then rapes fancy for a second time , during which time he inserts luis 's semen into her vagina .
the player to the attacker 's left is the defender .
in the middle ages , the castle walls were impenetrable ; an attacker would have had to rely on starving the defenders into submission , but a hidden passageway led from the castle to a nearby granary .
this means that an attacker who can authenticate to windows xp as localsystem still does not have access to a decryption key stored on the pc 's hard drive .
a spokesperson for the dutch airport used by the attacker said that heightened security would be in place for " an indefinite period " .
when a hit is delivered , the attacker rolls a d10 , adds the weapon 's attack bonus , and subtracts the target 's armor rating .
one example of a system which satisfies the perfect forward secrecy property is one in which a compromise of one key by an attacker ( and consequent decryption of messages encrypted with that key ) does not undermine the security of previously used keys .
during his recovery he wrote a book titled " surf rage " , calling for greater tolerance and mutual respect in the surfing community , although young admitted he had acted aggressively during his career ( where he had earned the nickname " the animal " ) , and had acted provocatively towards his attacker , who he met and forgave several months after the incident .
some neckbreakers also slam the back of the opponent 's into the mat , but the attacker is back - to - back with the attack 's receiver .
another story is that a bare foot viking attacker stepped on one at night and cried out , so alerting the defenders of a scottish castle .
thus an attacker can not extract information from still - encrypted files and folders .
kardum denies any knowledge of don 's attacker .
an attacker would usually produce a salient in his own line by making a broad , frontal attack that is successful only in the centre , which becomes the tip of the salient .
those solutions abruptly reduce the timeframe for brute forcing ( attacker needs to break and use the password within a single shift ) and they reduce the value of the stolen passwords because of its short time validity .
in network forensics , the network investigator and the attacker are at the same skill level .
in cryptography , a timing attack is a side channel attack in which the attacker attempts to compromise a cryptosystem by analyzing the time taken to execute cryptographic algorithms .
thus when rolling three dice against two dice ( the most each player can roll ) the attacker has a slight advantage .
the police also found a part of a canadian passport inside the remains of the attacker 's car .
the eight principles of wing tsun form a system of aggressive self - defense that allows one to adapt immediately to the size , strength and fighting style of an attacker .
if the system is set to detect this vulnerability , it will recognize that it is under attack and can respond , either by locking the system down until proper administrators have a chance to react , by monitoring the attack and tracing the assailant , or by disconnecting the attacker .
renmaru also finds her attacker there but is unable to defeat him because every time renmaru tries to connect a blow , he is thrown onto the ground himself by some unknown force .
the first event , and most likely to resolve the situation ( though not the earliest chronologically ) is an alien spacecraft sighting by a human colony on planet mars , where it originally was supposed to flee and not return , however , the distortion consisted of the spacecraft being shot down by an unknown attacker and the colony being destroyed by an explosion .
as " kalk"s 20 mm gunfire downed the attacker , the bomb exploded the air flasks of her torpedoes , destroying several 20 mm guns , showering her crew with shrapnel , and damaging her superstructure amidships .
later , shannon rutherford ( maggie grace ) brings a bloody boone to the caves , claiming sawyer beat him , while sayid jarrah ( naveen andrews ) reports his failure in triangulating the signal , and the destruction of the transceiver by his attacker .
random length padding also prevents an attacker from knowing the exact length of the plaintext message .
however , if the salt is long enough , there are too many possibilities and the attacker must repeat the encryption of every guess for each user .
sfv can not be used to verify the authenticity of files , as crc32 is not a collision resistant hash function ; even if the hash sum file is not tampered with , it is computationally trivial for an attacker to cause deliberate hash collisions , meaning that a malicious change in the file is not detected by a hash comparison .
guns - d is a series of random changes in the defenders flight path , intended to spoil the attacker 's aim by presenting a constantly shifting target , and , hopefully , to maneuver out of the bullet stream .
francisco javier peral periane , usually called by his nickname , javito , ( born november 4 , 1983 , plasencia , spain ) is a right winger / attacker that previously played for fc barcelona 's youth academy ( b and c ) .
the first header ( which corresponds to the vlan that the attacker is really a member of ) is stripped off by a first switch the packet encounters , and the packet is then forwarded .
during a rally the ball is tossed around while the attacker jumps on the trampoline in order to gain height .
this enables mi5 to discover the true identity of their attacker .
when the doctor discovers that the house and its surroundings have literally been removed from space and time , he realises that their attacker may not be all they seem .
carl kept quiet about the identity of his attacker and matthew took him home from the hospital and apologized , but carl was n't interested .
and stacey and her best friend must call upon all their inner strength and remain calm when an attacker invades their apartment and seems ready to kill them both .
remick came to prominence as a rape victim whose husband is tried for killing her attacker in otto preminger 's " anatomy of a murder " .
pierre rescues marcus by bludgeoning the attacker 's face using a fire extinguisher , brutally and fatally crushing the man 's skull after repeated blows .
with certain ivs , an attacker knowing the " m"th byte of the keystream can derive the " m"+1th byte due to a weakness in the prng used to generate the keystream .
very fit player with decent working - rate for one attacker .
this is used in combination with some decoy data that the user would plausibly want to keep confidential that will be revealed to the attacker , claiming that this is all there is .
thunderstrike 's sonic blasts and j2 's superstrength were not slowing the attacker down .
although an attacker may find it easier to breach the more weakly defended front line , as he advances he continues to meet resistance .
garra dembélé ( born 21 february 1986 in gennevilliers ) is a french - malian football attacker , currently plays for pfc lokomotiv plovdiv .
he can also play as attacker / forward .
password lists based on the lamport 's scheme have the problem that if the attacker can see one of the last passwords on the list , then all previous passwords can be calculated from it .
reacting to circumstantial evidence , sidney accuses her boyfriend billy loomis of being the attacker .
the attacker extends their arm under the opponent 's arm to grab the opponent 's mawashi while dragging the opponent forwards and/or to the side , throwing them to the ground ( " pulling underarm throw " ) .
this raised loop may then be held in this position for varying amounts of time , shifted in position , or moved towards the attacker .
an attacker might also study the pattern and length of messages to derive valuable information ; this is known as traffic analysis , and can be quite useful to an alert adversary .
in southeast asia , over 85% of all kills are attributed to the attacker spotting and shooting the defender without ever being seen .
the attacker turns out to be bobby , who was checking on hilda and justin .
when the haganah attacked the village of balad ash - sheikh on the night of december 30 , 1947 – january 1 , 1948 , an attacker named hanan zelinger was killed in the operation .
a man - in - the - middle attacker will not be able to intercept any request to a website while the user 's browser has strict - transport - security active for that site .
therefore , it is much safer to keep the http daemon entirely within userspace , where a bug does not necessarily give an attacker total control .
in some reptiles , such as the gila monster , venom in the saliva enters prey through bites of grooved teeth , but many animals have specialized organs such as hollow teeth and tubular stingers that penetrate the prey 's skin after which muscles attached to the attacker 's venom reservoir forcibly squirt venom deep within the victim 's body tissue .
secure e - mail provider hushmail was also caught by this attack on 24th of april 2005 when the attacker rang up the domain registrar and gained enough information to redirect users to a defaced webpage .
amar told army radio that the attacker " drove towards the soldiers at top speed , plowed onto the traffic island , ran over soldiers and civilians and then continued , ramming into a building .
the attacking wrestler stands facing the opponent , who is often charging at the attacker , before bending the opponent down so they are bent in front of the attacking wrestler as he / she stands over them then the wrestler reaches around the opponent 's body and lifts them up , spinning the opponent in front of the wrestler 's body .
the attacker could also launch a denial - of - service attack against a victim by associating a nonexistent mac address to the ip address of the victim 's default gateway .
this meant that an attacker could impersonate any ssl - secured website as man - in - the - middle , subverting certificate validation in web browsers .
by finding ways of injecting malicious scripts into web pages , an attacker can gain elevated access privileges to sensitive page content , session cookies , and a variety of other information maintained by the browser on behalf of the user .
on the january 4 , 2010 , live three hour monday night edition of " impact ! " , by order of eric bischoff now running tna with hulk hogan , styles was forced to defend his title against angle before genesis ; he defeated angle in the main event , despite further interference from the unknown attacker .
after each round , if the defender has survived , he / she rolls a die to attempt to become the attacker for subsequent rounds of combat .
depending on the strength and skill of the attacker and the attacked , the combination can be highly - effective or highly - ineffective when compared to more pragmatic attacks .
how much such information can help an attacker depends on many variables : crypto system design , the cpu running the system , the algorithms used , assorted implementation details , timing attack countermeasures , the accuracy of the timing measurements , etc .
the goal of the hacker or attacker who is using psychsub is generally more complex and involves preparation , analysis of the situation , and careful thought about what exact words to use and the tone of voice in which to use them .
this can be done either to overload the isp the attacker has infiltrated , or to perform a dos or impersonation attack on the entity whose prefix is being advertised .
note that when the attacker and defender have the same number of dice the probability of a successful attack is always under 50% .
the attacker careened off the ship 's bridge and hit the wheelhouse .
however , in many circumstances , such as when an attacker performs a high yo - yo too steeply , an unloaded extension is a viable option for the defender .
beckett kills miller 's attacker while miller shoots and kills the drug lord .
after the 2000 millennium attack plots failed , investigators began to suspect slahi 's involvement because the would - be suicide - attacker ahmed ressam was a member of the same mosque that slahi attended .
according to police , the attacker was driving a truck carrying food when the explosives detonated , destroying stores and stalls that had been set up in the busy outdoor sadriyah market .
if an attacker observes the same session over enough reformations , he will tend to see the first router in the chain more frequently than any other router .
key mixing increases the complexity of decoding the keys by giving an attacker substantially less data that has been encrypted using any one key .
threatening " indicates that the attacker is in advance - lunge distance and close enough to hit , " and " his / her weapon 's point ( for foil ) or blade ( for sabre ) are approaching the opponent 's valid target .
tradition dictates that the death card should not be led on the first trick unless defending against a lone attacker as it will otherwise invariably be trumped .
eight men armed with rifle grenades could fire 150 shots in a minute , providing a heavy barrage to break up an attacker 's lines .
on may 13 at the show jason takes pwg ! , it was revealed that excalibur was the mastermind of the attacks on super dragon and that kevin steen was the attacker , resulting in excalibur becoming a villain .
