when relating regulatory focus theory to persuasion , it is important to remember that rft is a goal - attainment theory , and that rft can spawn feelings of rightness / wrongness which in turn may produce formulations for judgments .
both increasing median income , largely connected to an increase in educational attainment , and income inequality with the very top earners gaining a larger share has characterized personal income trends during the past thirty or so years .
grid computing allows for the sharing of processing power , enabling the attainment of high performances in computing , management and services .
educational attainment plays a major factor in determining an individual 's economic disposition .
men withholding attainment of knowledge : “ great silence ” ( never speaking about lesbian existence in history ) , discrimination against women professionals .
everyone in each craft begins as an apprentice , usually from age twelve to eighteen , then becomes a journeyman ( eighteen to thirty ) with a great deal of hard work and dedication , attainment to the status of master ( thirty+ ) is possible .
after four years , certificates of attainment were issued .
usually a not - for - profit 's main objective in aged care is the attainment of high levels of care and satisfaction for residents and clients and in arv 's case developing an environment where strong christian values are practised .
the school has provision for children with special educational needs as a result of the fact that the attainment of pupils when they enter the school at the age of 4 is below average .
for the authorities the exclusion of cycle traffic from main routes was viewed as an important pre - requisite to the attainment of mass motorisation .
15.2 per cent of sydney residents have educational attainment equal to at least a bachelor 's degree , in the 2006 census , 64 per cent of the sydney residents identified themselves as christians , 14.1 per cent had no religion , 10.4 per cent left the question blank , 3.9 per cent were muslims , 3.7 per cent were buddhists , 1.7 per cent were hindus and 0.9 per cent were jewish .
the chief obstacles to the attainment of salvation are social conflicts and an attachment to worldly pursuits , which commit men and women to an endless cycle of birth — a concept known as " reincarnation " .
in their last report on the royal high school of april 2007 , hm inspectors found ‘ very high levels of attainment at all stages’ , ‘ motivated pupils who took a pride in their school’ , and ‘ a very positive school ethos’. pupils scored highly in national examinations , consistently outperforming those in comparator schools as well as the edinburgh and national averages .
for example , any gods are living in higher realms than a human being and therefore have a certain level of spiritual attainment . cakravartins and buddhas are also more spiritual advanced than an ordinary human being .
roncero 's international reputation was strengthened at the 1997 world championships in athletics in athens , where he finished sixth and contributed toward the spanish team 's attainment of the world cup .
finishing that , he undertook a second research project in oxford , which culminated in his attainment of bachelor of letters ( b. litt . ) in the department of european archaeology .
in this case , the film intentionally ridiculed its own subject matter , thereby entering into the spirit of sarcastic fun often surrounding the attainment of cult status and gained a new life on vhs . "
in 2007 - 2008 the pass rate was 93% with a 100% diploma attainment rate .
importantly attunement of affective communication between child and caregiver is seen as paramount to the acquisition of coherent self experience and attainment of adequate affect integration and regulation in the course of development .
in climbing , a first ascent ( fa ) is the first successful , documented attainment of the top of a mountain , or the first to follow a particular climbing route .
iq is a good predictor of educational attainment in germany .
african immigrants have the highest educational attainment of american ethnic groups , with higher levels of completion than the stereotyped asian american model minority .
the psychologist peter gollwitzer has developed the implementation hypothesis for better goal attainment .
these practices were designed to help achieve a more rapid attainment of enlightenment .
this strategy will work towards reducing both , gender and geographic inequity in the attainment of secondary education .
obama won all age groups , educational attainment levels and socioeconomic classes in georgia except senior citizens aged 65 and over who backed clinton by a margin of 55 - 45 .
as stated above , the upper middle class features a strong reliance on educational attainment ( the ownership of expertise ) for much of its social and economic well - being .
it appears in celebrations of the attainment of new career heights .
the court agreed with congress in holding that civil penalties in the clean water act cases " do more than promote immediate compliance by limiting the defendant 's economic incentive to delay its attainment of permit limits ; they also deter future violations . "
the lotus sutra also indicates ( in chapter 4 ) that emptiness ( śūnyatā ) is not the ultimate vision to be attained by the aspirant bodhisattva : the attainment of buddha wisdom is indicated to be a bliss - bestowing treasure that transcends seeing all as merely empty or merely labeled .
a successful attainment of this process and the arrival at this final stage could be described as a level of comfort with one ’s own race as well as the race of those around them .
the glens falls metro area however lags the state and the nation in both income and educational attainment .
" i have not abandoned any political aspirations to which i have given expression in the past , but in the existing circumstances i advise the people to trust to evolution rather than revolution for their attainment . "
educational attainment .
this specialist programme aims to use sport as a tool to raise the whole school attainment through the focus on student and staff leadership skills , for therfield to become a centre of excellence for sport .
the school has recently made use of outside speakers to help raise attainment and young people ’s expectations overall .
compared to other academic fields , economics has the greatest gender discrepancy in career attainment . "
many cities are also required to use an ethanol blend due to non - attainment of federal air quality goals .
the sheikh is also respected in that he was able to recite at a very old age - having lived to almost a hundred years of age , he recited with great sophistication well past the age at which many reciters were unable to recite with any real attainment .
attainment of soul where the soul is liberated from the cycle of rebirths ) .
taking each attainment singly gives eight " individuals . "
although a keen morphogeneticist and an admirer of goethe , harrison himself did not philosophise much in his papers and , being somewhat reserved and diffident in his social dealings despite his warm feelings for his students ' attainment , did not enjoy lecturing but chiefly confined himself to organisation , publication ( his textbook illustrations have been highly praised ) and patient experiment .
in 2005 , asian men , age 25 + , with a bachelor 's degree or higher earned 203.8% more than hispanic females ( age 25 + ) with the same educational attainment .
overall , the higher personal income levels are attributed mostly to higher educational attainment .
to this end , it engaged in ' activities ... designed to ... overthrow ... the established system of government in australia and the attainment of economic , industrial or political ends by force ... intimidation or [ fraud ] ' , especially espionage , sabotage , treason or subversion , and promoted strikes in order to disrupt production in industries vital to australia 's security and defence , including coal - mining , steel , engineering , building , transport and power ; and
this practice was discontinued in 1995 following the attainment of majority rule and the reorganisation of public holidays as a consequence .
furthermore , alchemy is seen as the " key " to theurgy , the ultimate goal of which is to become united with higher counterparts , leading to the attainment of divine consciousness .
cql once again shifted its definitions of quality by focusing on the social or community context for the attainment of personal quality of life .
the joint parliamentary assembly shall organise regular contacts with representatives of the acp - eu economic and social partners and the other actors of civil society in order to obtain their views on the attainment of the objectives of this agreement .
standards are much higher than might be expected of pupils with similar backgrounds and prior attainment .
game on uses the power and profile of football as a vehicle to promote educational attainment , encourage healthy lifestyles , improve quality of life and encourage community spirit .
takahashi referred to the attainment of enlightenment based on becoming one with the macrocosm at the apogee of the rise in the degree of harmony of the soul with god as “ " uchu sokuware " ” ( the mindset where one can understand all truths in an instant upon expanding his / her other self to the scale of the universe , through self - reflective meditation ) .
the inspectorate stated that there have been " significant improvements " , particularly in terms of the overall quality of learning and teaching and that there had also been some improvements in pupils’ attainment , relative to schools with similar characteristics .
these health care providers are trained to provide the first line of response to health needs of their communities , especially in areas related of infectious diseases , pandemic illness response and the attainment of millennium development health goals .
in order to fulfill its solemn obligation to help its members reach the highest standards of educational attainment , moral values , and social responsibility , delta sigma phi fraternity has adopted the following code of conduct for the daily lives of each of our members .
he outlines certain conditions for this attainment , namely firmness in the covenant of god , fellowship and love amongst the believers , and continually travelling to all parts of the continent , " nay , rather , to all parts of the world " .
the distinction lies in their attainment of gunas , or qualities ( the threefold knowledge , six direct knowledges , four discriminations , knowledge of the perfections of disciples etc ) .
one common requirement of tool - assisted speedrunning , stemming directly from the abilities that said tools provide , is the attainment of " perfection " ; the knowledge that it is not possible , by current abilities , to record the speedrun in any way that would warrant a lower completion time .
simon worked for a tobacco processing company for many years after the attainment of political freedom in 1980 .
household income as well as per capita income in the united states rise significantly as the educational attainment increases .
in the history of iskender , or alexander , we watch the noble human soul in its struggles against the powers of this world , and , when aided by god and guided by the heavenly wisdom of righteous teachers , its ultimate victory over every earthly passion , and its attainment of that point of divine serenity whence it can look calmly down on all sublunary things .
these four noble truths should be individually achieved in a threefold manner : the noble truth is recognized , its pursuit envisioned , its attainment fully achieved .
the mittler rebbe did not reject the role of emotion in prayer , but emphasized that if the emotion in prayer is to be genuine , it can only be a result of contemplation and understanding ( hisbonenus ) of the explanations of chassidus , which in turn will lead to an attainment of " bittul " ( self - nullification before the divine ) .
but for scheler , the essence of impotency as characteristic of pathological ressentiment has less to do with the actual presence of an external oppressor , and more to do with a self - inflicted personal sense of inadequacy over limitations in the face of positive value attainment itself .
after tripura ’s attainment of full statehood , he became the member of the state vidhan sabha in 1972 .
prayojana - sanskrit term , which denotes the ultimate goal or object of attainment .
educational attainment is one of the most prominent determinants of class status .
the more reliable is our estimate of what we purport to measure , the less certain we are that we are actually measuring that aspect of attainment .
of adults 25 years of age and older in oregon county , 72.0% possesses a high school diploma or higher while 9.1% holds a bachelor 's degree or higher as their highest educational attainment .
he published a plan that included having himself reappointed as a receiver , raising new millions of dollars , holding on to the jersey central ( whose lease by the reading was in jeopardy through litigation ) , and even to complete the elusive attainment of trunk line status for the railroad .
the greater the delay the greater the difficulty of attainment . ' "
80 percent of the funding for the purchase of these new locomotives comes from a grant from the carl moyer memorial air quality standards attainment program at the bay area air quality management district .
educational attainment in the united states .
according to dzogchen folklore , the attainment of the rainbow body is the sign of complete realisation of the dzogchen view .
attainment .
in terms of educational attainment , clinton won all those who had a high school diploma , some college and/or college graduates while obama won those who possessed postgraduate degrees .
it defined health for all as the attainment by all peoples of the world by the year 2000 of a level of health that will permit them to lead a socially and economically productive life .
with this impact we have the determination to substantially contribute to the attainment of the un millennium development goals , specifically , those tackling poverty , hunger , gender and health issues .
in this sense the majority of supporters of degrowth advocate the attainment of a certain , acceptable level of well - being independent of growth .
in the attainment of this ideal , he is ready to sacrifice everything .
the circumstances of one 's social class do not cause the onset of a mental disorder , but rather , an individual 's deteriorating mental health occurs first , resulting in low social class attainment .
within the system of thelema , the night of pan , or n.o.x. , is a mystical state that represents the stage of ego death in the process of spiritual attainment .
the attainment of that ideal was what john aspired to himself . "
educational attainment of muslim students differed by ethnic group .
the period between the fall of a bourgeois state and the attainment of communism is a subject on which marx was reticent , describing only in general terms the establishment of a democratic socialist state , which would eventually begin to " wither away " ( slowly turn into a form of direct democracy ) until a communist society was achieved .
while economic compensation is merely the result of scarcity , educational attainment may be related to that very economic principle as well .
it believes that this is a positive avenue towards improving the educational attainment levels , especially for latinos and people of color .
apparently convinced that the group of stetsko had the backing of the germans metropolitan wrote a pastoral letter in which he exhorted the people to support the newly proclaimed government " the scarifies which the final attainment of our goals require demand above all dutiful obedience to the just orders of the government which do not conflict with god ’s law . "
an important distinction emerged between leaders who felt that the socialist goals of income equalization and heightened political consciousness should take priority over material progress and those who believed that industrialization and general economic modernization were prerequisites for the attainment of a successful socialist order .
" educational attainment : " in 2000 , according to the u.s. census , out of the nearly 800,000 people in the bronx who were then at least 25 years old , 62.3% had graduated from high school and 14.6% held a bachelor 's or higher college degree .
in other words , in buddhism , in tandem with mental cultivation , ethical development and wise understanding are also necessary for the attainment of the highest goal .
the current intake at the school is 885 , of which 156 are aged 16 - 18 pursuing further education in the school 's own sixth form , with student attainment year 13 above average in 2004 , compared with all sixth forms nationally .
liberty is published for the very definite purpose of spreading certain ideas , and no claim will be admitted , on any pretext of freedom of speech , to waste its limited space in hindering the attainment of that object .
of adults 25 years of age and older in texas county , 71.4% possesses a high school diploma or higher while 10.8% holds a bachelor 's degree or higher as their highest educational attainment .
long outbreath , again to assist the attainment of a mental state of one - pointed concentration .
attainment on entry is well above average and the proportions of students with learning difficulties and disabilities or eligible for free school meals are much lower than average .
" the correlation between ses and educational attainment thus has significant implications for the likelihood of low - ses children escaping poverty .
tri’ in sanskrit , which means “ to get rid of all sins ” , a step towards attainment of nirvana or salvation .
retirement insurance benefits ( abbreviated rib ) or old - age insurance benefits are a form of social insurance payments made by the u.s. social security administration paid based upon the attainment old age ( 62 or older ) .
however , the decreasing growth of the educational workforce has instead been primarily due to slowing down in educational attainment of people schooled in the united states .
descendants of vakkel kovilakam moved to the south and settled in niranam ( thudangiyil ) and thalavady ( cherussery madhom ) as worshippers of thrikapaleswar ( lord shiva ) for the attainment of the lotus feet of lord krshna .
however , it does appear that the attainment of academic bilingualism to a high level takes rather a long time .
except for hatha yoga , all of the yogas are beautiful in their attainment .
grading in a criterion - referenced system reflects a candidate 's level of attainment in the particular subject and not where the candidate stands compared with others who have taken the exam .
the ofsted report of march 2003 noted , however , that attainment on entry to the school was higher than the national average .
amongst the very earliest mahayana texts , the samadhi sutras are a collection of sutras which focus on the attainment of profound states of consciousness reached in meditation , perhaps suggesting that meditation played an important role in early mahayana .
whites ' educational attainment are the second - highest in the country , after asian americans ' .
pupils following vocational pathways will have planned exit routes from subjects in s3 , which support attainment through access / int .
attainment .
fillmore turned down the honor , explaining that he had neither the " literary nor scientific attainment " to justify the degree .
allen has held numerous debates and asked many questions on the state of his constituency , which has one of the lowest rates of educational attainment in the country , sending the fewest number of children to university of any constituency , and has high unemployment .
to get rid of this cycle the person should get rid of its karma through the attainment of enlightenment .
national service was implemented in 1967 , whereby all 18-year old males were required to train full - time for two or two - and - a - half years , depending on their educational attainment .
ventures such as the ansari x - prize and robert bigelow 's america 's space prize seek low - cost spaceflight development through private enterprise , and crucially , for the attainment of very specific predetermined goals in order to win the prizes .
in the 1973 survey conducted in canada , porter began to explore ideas of occupational status attainment .
former yugoslavian students will be considered as one group in the following tables ; however differences exists between different ethnic groups from former yugoslavia when it come to educational attainment .
attainment .
recognizing the passionate yearning for freedom in all dependent peoples and the decisive role of such peoples in the attainment of their independence ,
in other words , there is a relationship between the value of the reward and the likelihood of the attainment .
it is believed that meditation in rishikesh brings one closer to attainment of moksha , as does a dip in the holy river that flows through it .
the change in median personal and household income since 1991 also varied greatly with educational attainment .
the emphasis within the classroom shifted to the attainment of expected outcomes and continuous assessment .
the attainment level is roughly equivalent to second year of university , a diploma of higher education but in some cases may be marginally below that of a bachelor 's degree .
broadly speaking , " modernists " have attempted to respond to western criticism of buddhist institutions by re - interpreting buddhist teachings- particularly those related to philosophy and meditation- in light of both modern secular knowledge and the textual source of theravada teachings- the pali canon . " traditionalist " , on the other hand , prefer to stick to the practices and teachings handed down through the monastic oral tradition , which have traditionally centered on the performance of merit - making ceremonies and the attainment of " heightened states " through concentration meditation .
typically the repolarization phase of an action potential results in hyperpolarization , attainment of a membrane potential that is more negative than the resting potential .
the quality and creative power of student intellectual life to this day remains a vital measure of a school 's influence and attainment .
theodoric is also known for his attainment of support from the catholic church , which he gained by appeasing the pope in 520 .
on may 24 , aguinaldo , who had returned from voluntary exile on may 19 , announced in cavite , " ... i return to assume command of all the forces for the attainment of our lofty aspirations , establishing a dictatorial government which will set forth decrees under my sole responsibility ... "
timss , on the other hand , measures more traditional classroom content such as an understanding of fractions and decimals and the relationship between them ( curriculum attainment ) .
b. harley also measured eventual attainment and found the two age groups made similar mistakes in syntax and lexical selection , often confusing french with the l1 .
this could have a significant impact of the higher education attainment of stateside puerto ricans that in turn would enhance this community ’s economic and general social development .
the later mahayana school holds that pursuing only the release from suffering and attainment of nirvana ( as held by pre - sectarian buddhism and the early buddhist schools ) is too narrow an aspiration , because it lacks the motivation of actively resolving to liberate all other beings from samsara , as well as oneself .
in fact , " while heinrich 's attainment of full and perfect manhood is the goal of the action , death , the extreme form of solitude , is also woven into the world of " der nachsommer " , for awareness of death is essential to maturity .
as described by mehra ( 2004 ) , the four major components that contribute to the digital divide are “ socioeconomic status , with income , educational level , and race among other factors associated with technological attainment ” .
zain plans to commence operations in the kingdom of saudi arabia in early 2008 and with the recent attainment of a 15 year nationwide license in iraq , mtc atheer will soon rebrand to zain .
now is the start of an overly complicated relationship of love , hate , revenge and the attainment of ultimate happiness as yeu , in her journey through life with her sister , learns that only through coming to terms with the past will she realize where her heart , caught between two worlds and two loves , truly lies .
in zanoni , bulwer goes deep into the rosicrucian mysteries unveiling the secrets hidden in the four elements , secrets which only initiated rosicrucians have the power to reveal , the ultimate goal being the discovery of the elixir of life and the attainment of immortality and eternal youth .
as for educational attainment levels , clinton won all categories except those with postgraduate degrees who backed obama by a margin of 51 - 47 percent .
according to this model , modes " are potential , not required , forms of activity " ( p. 153 ) resulting in modes i and iv ( inception and execution ) being involved in all group tasks and projects while modes ii ( technical problem solving ) and iii ( conflict resolution ) may or may not be involved in any given group activity ( hare , 2003 uses the terms " meaning " , " resources " , " integration " , and " goal attainment " for these four modes ) .
as a result of his early work in the field of remote sensing , dr. idso was honored with an arthur s. flemming award , given in recognition of " his innovative research into fundamental aspects of agricultural - climatological interrelationships affecting food production and the identification of achievable research goals whose attainment could significantly aid in assessment and improvement of world food supplies . " this citation continues to express the spirit that animates his current research into the biospheric consequences of the ongoing rise in the air 's co₂ content .
of adults 25 years of age and older in washington county , 62.5% possesses a high school diploma or higher while 7.5% holds a bachelor 's degree or higher as their highest educational attainment .
admission to the college of textile engineering & technology is highly competitive and needs a high academic attainment in s.s.c and h.s.c level .
this function involves processes enabling the person to ( 1 ) set mental and behavioral goals , ( 2 ) plan their attainment , ( 3 ) evaluate each step ’s processing demands vis - à - vis the available potentials , knowledge , skills and strategies , ( 4 ) monitor planned activities vis - à - vis the goals , and ( 5 ) evaluate the outcome attained .
this true philosophy includes within itself the freedom from sin and the attainment of virtue .
high school diploma attainment figures for residents 25 years of age and older are lower than the state average ( 83.8% ) , with allegany county at 79.9% and cumberland at 79.3% .
the fiji independent commission against corruption ( ficac ) is committed to effectively combating corruption in order to promote transparency and accountability for the attainment of zero tolerance of corruption , set the foundation for good governance and create sustainable development for the benefit of all citizens of fiji .
he is invoked to protect ' the prestige of the buddha , dharma , and sangha ' and to dissipate ' the obstructions that hinder attainment of the " bodhisattva " mind ' .
though it is important to note that income inequality between sexes remained stark at all levels of educational attainment .
despite the fame of the " gens cornelia " and his attainment of rome 's highest office , little is known about this lentulus .
attainment of this stature was due in no small part to the senior principalship , from 1875 , of j. allen holt and to martin h. holt , who joined his brother as junior principal in 1879 .
of adults 25 years of age and older in taney county , 81.4% possesses a high school diploma or higher while 14.9% holds a bachelor 's degree or higher as their highest educational attainment .
the following table shows the median household income according to the educational attainment of the householder .
the organization considers mindfulness and living in accord with the noble eightfold path as central to its practices and employs meditative exercises in the pursuit and attainment of these goals .
the word " quaesita " suggests effort sustained over a long period of time and also the application of the mind towards the attainment of a purpose .
ysgol uwchradd elfed high school is an outstanding learning community with high standards of student attainment and achievement , regardless of their ‘ ability’ and prides itself on being inclusive .
followers of the mahāyāna , in particular , believe that the attainment of buddhahood is not only possible by all sentient beings , but inevitable .
bag capture vaporizers tend to be slower in extraction rate which prevents the attainment of fuller spectrum vapor which is a trade - off for the convenience of this approach .
objectives - based approaches relate outcomes to prespecified objectives , allowing judgments to be made about their level of attainment .
some believe that attainment of the position of acolyte in post - council practices implies ordination to the minor orders which used to be below it , such as exorcist and porter , although this has not been officially defined ( although canon law section 1009 does specifically state that the only " orders are the episcopate , the priesthood and the diaconate " ) .
as of may 2004 , 30% of people in the act aged 15–64 had a level of educational attainment equal to at least a bachelor 's degree , significantly higher that the national average of 19% .
he assisted his sister toward the attainment of her life 's object , and aided her and her mother in their monastic establishment after his father 's death ( gregory of nyssa , " vita s. macrinae " ) .
so long as these remain potential or ideal , they form the motive of action ; motive consisting always in the idea of some " end " or " good " that man presents to himself as an end in the attainment of which he would be satisfied ; that is , in the realization of which he would find his true self .
in the 17th century , the dutch jurist hugo grotius wrote " wars , for the attainment of their objects , it can not be denied , must employ force and terror as their most proper agents . "
in simpler terms , the concept can be described as the attainment of balance - balance between society 's increasing demands for forest products and benefits , and the preservation of forest health and diversity .
the regulations define a “ specialty occupation ” as requiring theoretical and practical application of a body of highly specialized knowledge in a field of human endeavor including , but not limited to , architecture , engineering , mathematics , physical sciences , social sciences , biotechnology , medicine and health , education , law , accounting , business specialties , theology , and the arts , and requiring the attainment of a bachelor ’s degree or its equivalent as a minimum ( with the exception of fashion models , who must be " of distinguished merit and ability " . )
this level of education attainment is reflected in the suburb 's employment patterns : the most popular industries for employment were health care ( 11.9% ) , retail trades ( 11.6% ) and education ( 9.6% ) , while the unemployment rate was approx .
but if externalities are present , the attainment of social optimality requires that the full social costs must be considered .
gritsamada asks for the forest to become holy and so devotees get attainment of their aims here .
political ideology is not found to be co - related with social class , however , a statistical relationship is seen between the level of one 's educational attainment and the liklihood of that person subscribing to a particular political ideology .
the educational attainment of the u.s. population is similar to that of many other industrialized countries with the vast majority of the population having completed secondary education and a rising number of college graduates that outnumber high school dropouts .
overall , educational attainment is the main entrance barrier into more privileged parts of the middle class as it is not only of high value but is also the requirement for becoming a professional and earning the corresponding income .
the attainment of these six higher powers is mentioned in a number of discourses , most famously the " fruits of contemplative life discourse " ( ' , dn 2 ) .
for attainment of peace and bliss , the soul must be free not only from the physical association , but also from the latent impressions of this association .
the greater the delay the greater the difficulty of attainment . "
as the executive director of the largest and oldest hispanic civil rights organization in the united states , wilkes works towards fulfilling the lulac mission : " to advance the economic condition , educational attainment , political influence , health and civil rights of the hispanic population of the united states . "
for 25 years , the ncas has been “ creating a better society by focusing on educational attainment and using the power and appeal of sport to positively affect social change . ”
talmon argued that rousseau 's position may best be understood as " totalitarian democracy " ; that is , as a philosophy in which liberty is realized " only in the pursuit and attainment of an absolute collective purpose . "
before the 1993 federal election in canada , parti québécois ( pq ) leader jacques parizeau evoked a strategy for attainment of quebec independence called the three periods .
galvan ( 2001 ) defined technoethics as the “ sum total of ideas that bring into evidence a system of ethical reference that justifies that profound dimension of technology as a central element in the attainment of a ‘
for being able to achieve the qualification of “ buyer ” a much impegnativo of the duration of approximately two years ( obligatory the attainment of the military licence of parachuting is previewed iter of training ) ;
educational attainment .
in more recent studies using this model , educational attainment was classified into four levels : no post high school education , vocational school , college attendance , and a college degree .
for example , country of residence , ethnicity , gender , age , educational attainment , and income levels are all factors of the global aspects of digital divide .
but there is still a higher attainment ; it is not enough to be sinless , one must become " god " , ( " henosis " ) .
king 's scholars are generally appointed in the lower remove ( year 9 ) on the basis of exam results and an interview , or in the lower sixth ( year 12 ) on the basis of attainment up to gcse .
while educational attainment did not help reduce the income inequality between men and women , it did increase the earnings potential of individuals of both sexes , enabling many households with one or more graduate degree householders to enter the top household income quintile .
while faith in buddhism does not imply " blind faith " , buddhist faith ( as advocated by the buddha in various scriptures , or " sutras " ) nevertheless requires a " degree " of faith and belief primarily in the spiritual attainment of the buddha .
educational psychology is concerned with the processes of educational attainment in the general population and in sub - populations such as gifted children and those with specific disabilities .
sewell and his counterparts aimed to contribute to the blau - duncan model of status attainment by adding predictor variables .
a significantly positive and fairly substantial effects was found on increasing the probability of attending school and of passing the first grade , increasing the grade attained by age 13 , increasing completed schooling attainment , and for adults aged 25–40 increasing iq test scores .
the recent wave of filipino professionals filling the education , healthcare , and information technology shortages in the united states also accounts for the high educational attainment rates .
according to the council 's comparative assessment of wards made in 2004 , the most deprived wards within the borough were in the south and east where unemployment rates , educational attainment and the quality of health were worst .
reports at half - term and the end of term summarise effort and attainment .
he was an assemblyman for namukulu when he was elected into the niue legislative assembly and a cabinet minister in robert rex 's first government following the attainment of self - government status by niue on 19 october 1974 .
it differed also from the principles of the pure skeptic in the practical tendency of its doctrines : while the object of the one was the attainment of perfect equanimity , the other seems rather to have retired from the barren field of speculation to practical life , and to have acknowledged some vestiges of a moral law within , at best but a probable guide , the possession of which , however , formed the real distinction between the sage and the fool .
attainment .
children start at the school with levels of attainment that are generally around average . '
thus , as the pharisees argued that all israel should act as priests , the rabbis argued that all israel should act as rabbis : " the rabbis furthermore want to transform the entire jewish community into an academy where the whole torah is studied and kept ... redemption depends on the " rabbinization " of all israel , that is , upon the attainment of all jewry of a full and complete embodiment of revelation or torah , thus achieving a perfect replica of heaven . "
the uniqueness about nigamananda ’s spiritual accomplishment was that he had explored and perfected tantra , jnana , yoga and prema / bhav , all the four original ways envisaged in sanatana dharma ( ever new / eternal , and universal spiritual method based on vedic knowledge ) for the attainment of the highest spiritual goal .
a measure of and scriptual attainment can be gleaned by the following narrations .
as of may 2004 , 30% of people in the act aged 15–64 had a level of educational attainment equal to at least an bachelor 's degree , significantly higher that the national average of 19% .
the sanskrit term " bhūmi " literally means " ground " or " foundation " , since each stage represents a level of attainment and serves as a basis for the next one .
obama won all age groups and educational attainment levels in alabama except senior citizens aged 65 and over and those who did not complete high school .
income inequality within the village plays a major role in education attainment as more than half of poor families do not have access to education .
for pupils at this level , the evaluation of the level of attainment in the individual subjects is expressed in marks .
for example , in taoist thought , women with manly voices make poor sexual partners , because this trait suggests an excess ofchi that inhibits the attainment of sexual harmony .
the intake is above national average attainment , mainly rural leicestershire ( but with increasing numbers of leicester city suburbs children ) the full range of ability is welcomed into the college .
the literal meaning is that one must fast as an obligation , such as during the holy month of ramadan , and the metaphorical meaning being that one is in attainment of the divine truth and must strive to avoid worldy activities which may detract from this goal .
africans have the highest educational attainment rates of any immigrant group in the united states , with higher levels of completion than the stereotyped asian american model minority .
while the american social class system is vaguely defined concept with many contradicting theories , educational attainment emerges as one of the top measurements of social class .
the middle class by one definition consists of an upper middle class , made up of professionals distinguished by exceptionally high educational attainment as well as high economic security ; and a lower middle class , consisting of semi - professionals .
filipino americans have some of the highest educational attainment rates in the united states with 47.9% of all filipino americans over the age of 25 having a bachelor 's degree , which correlates with rates observed in other asian american subgroups .
there was also a large gap in university attainment rates between aboriginal and non - aboriginal populations .
some other troops continue to use the programme of scouting ireland s.a.i. , which includes the attainment badge scheme .
sometimes the counter - offensive can be of a more limited operational manoeuvre nature , with more limited objectives rather than those seeking attainment of a strategic goal .
the outbreak of the korean war , however , delayed attainment of this goal ; universal primary education was not achieved until 1956 .
the ofsted 2007 report states , " holy cross is a smaller - than - average - sized village primary school where attainment on entry to the reception class is below average .
acceleration of development in general was to result from the attainment of the other four goals .
as a result , the focus was on the attainment of high fluxes , and it was therefore necessary to pump the mixed liquor suspended solids ( mlss ) at high crossflow velocity at significant energy penalty ( of the order 10 kwh / m3 product ) to reduce fouling .
additionally , it is well recognised that those with mental disorders have generally higher rates of unemployment , and lower occupational attainment ; for example , none of the executives in the fortune 500 companies have diagnosed mental disorders .
vāmācāra ( pronounced : vāmāchāra ) is a sanskrit term meaning " left - handed attainment " and is synonymous with " left - hand path " or " left - path ( sanskrit : vāmamārga ) .
in essence , this agreement laid down the guidelines by which the bcp and the mission would “ cooperate and work together for the attainment of the purposes , goals and objectives of the bcp as stated in its constitutions . ”
it is presumed in education that undertaking pdp will assist in creating self - directed independent learners who are more likely to progress to higher levels of academic attainment .
the attainment of ensures that the 4 types of destructive karmas known as ghatiya karmas are dissociated from the soul permanently .
in particular , " theosis " refers to the attainment of " likeness to " or " union with " god , that is the final stage of this process of transformation and is as such the goal of the spiritual life .
some patients will take a period of time off of medication , called a " drug holiday , " in hopes of allowing the normal rate of height and weight attainment to resume .
peter i introduced a modern regular army built on german model , but with a new aspect : officers not necessarily from nobility , as talented commoners were given promotions that eventually included a noble title at the attainment of an officer 's rank .
the court of sessions system was introduced in each county of california shortly after the attainment of statehood in 1850 .
like them , it has a high rate of unemployment ; poor educational attainment figures ; and with the majority of businesses being small operations
though they are notably conspicuous in sporting activities ( especially upon the attainment of a goal or score ) , fist pumps are present in a wide range of other industries including real estate marketing , naval engineering , information technology and entertainment .
in 2008 , grove academy led dundee 's exam result attainment , beating the national average in every category .
typically , the earnings on roth contributions will be tax free as long as the distribution is made at least 5 years after the first roth contribution and the attainment of age 59 and one half , unless an exception applies .
thus we find that three yogas i.e. gyana yoga , bhakti yoga and karma yoga are not really threefold paths to attainment of sat - chit - ananda unless the reality is known by gyana yoga neither bhakti nor karma yoga is possible .
the complementary activities , as well as those with strategically important potentials for the attainment of tercud ’s objectives , are carried out by the associated research groups “ natural and technological hazards ” and " architecture lab " , which are open to the teaching staff members of other ulht faculties and schools .
how far jomini was responsible for certain misunderstandings which prevented the attainment of all the results hoped for from ney 's attack at bautzen , we can not be sure .
the red - and - blue flag of soviet ukraine was flown on the dome 's top for most of the rada 's history , until replaced by the yellow - and - blue national flag of ukraine following ukraine 's attainment of independence in 1991 .
the united states and sudan shared warm friendly relations starting 1956 , when the u.s. recognized sudan shortly following the attainment of independence from the united kingdom .
however , certain institutions of communist bulgaria , charge dwith the national policy , tried progressively to promote certain selection among them privileging slav - speakers , frequently named aegean macedonians and to prescribe special measures for the attainment of their “ ethnic ” loyalty .
the best of that year was the attainment of the generalísimo cup .
while many americans cite income as the prime determinant of class , occupational status , educational attainment , and value systems are equally important variables .
the three teachings represent hierarchical levels of spiritual attainment , with buddha as the highest .
he preached the simplicity of life and attainment of high spiritual realization .
successful completion of the msc practical training also includes a portfolio of clinical training , research and personal development leading to the association of clinical scientists certificate of attainment required for registration to the health professions council .
the number of imf member countries has more than quadrupled from the 44 states involved in its establishment , reflecting in particular the attainment of political independence by many developing countries and more recently the collapse of the soviet bloc .
he also claimed it was a thoroughly evangelical concept of justification – " i taught sanctification by atonement , not by attainment . "
at the same time , we see that the attainment of eden is no easy task : the vulnerability of the child suggests , or rather confirms , the fragility of eden , as well as its fleeting nature in the face of the concerns of the adult world and the demands of modernity . "
in 1951 , thanks to the efforts of pulitzer - prize winning composer and director of the eastman school for more than 40 years , howard hanson , the national association of schools of music approved the d.m.a. degree as a professional doctorate in music recognizing doctoral - level work in artistic attainment with an emphasis on performance and teaching .
unemployment rates vary by region , gender , educational attainment and ethnic group .
additionally , mobile source incentive funds are derived from assembly bill 923 ( ab923 ) , authorizes air districts located within a non - attainment area for any pollutant to impose a surcharge of up to $ 2.00 on the registration fee of motor vehicles registered in its district in order to pay for carl moyer - like projects and other emission reduction programs .
on entry , the pupils’ and sixth form students’ attainment is very high compared with the national average . "
status attainment in the united states .
projects are work plans that control specific factors that help or impede the attainment of management objectives .
of adults 25 years of age and older in wright county , 71.1% possesses a high school diploma or higher while 9.8% holds a bachelor 's degree or higher as their highest educational attainment .
- take any other action that it may consider necessary towards the attainment of its key objective .
badr al - din lu'lu ' is perhaps best remembered as the patron of the influential historian ali ibn al - athir and for a collection of minor arts which demonstrate the high level of cultural and artistic attainment in 13th century mosul .
