besides football , belo horizonte has one of the largest attendances at volleyball matches in the whole country .
the test match was hit by poor weather , poor attendances and a poor wicket .
larger schools ( especially those with successful programs ) can often draw attendances in the thousands , even for regular season games , and in some cases may play the game at a college or professional stadium to accommodate the expected large crowds .
relegation out of senior football in 2006 ( for the first time since 1923 ) has meant a struggle for this historic football club , with the loss of players and lower attendances .
there are several notable semi - professional regional and state based competitions which draw notable attendances and charge an entry fee that are not listed here .
attendances were down significantly , with only four home games attracting over 30,000 people .
although the album sold more than 500,000 copies , earning the band gold albums , supporting tour was a fiasco with cancelled dates and low attendances .
in 1975 , ayoub drew enormous attendances with a majority of lebanese spectators in his contests with the mighty spartagos and prince kumali .
this did not affect any of their performances or attendances .
as a caveat to that , when chelsea and fulham did meet in league games in the 1970s and 1980s , the attendances were always among the highest for the season , with the lack of regular matches often making the derby more eagerly anticipated .
attendances that specific teams pull for their home games are listed here .
as with much of italy , the residents of san giorgio tend to be quite religious , and attendances at all of the commune 's major roman catholic churches are quite high .
it treats in excess of 1 million patients per annum , delivers 10,000 babies a year and provides the largest emergency service ( admissions and ed attendances ) .
with twenty - two teams playing in two competitions in 1997 crowd attendances and corporate sponsorships were spread very thinly , and many teams found themselves in financial difficulty by the end of the season .
it fast became the second most popular bath owned by the committee , with attendances only being exceeded by the baths at kent street .
with the decline in cinema attendances in the 1950s and 1960s due to the introduction of television , the astor theatre became a shadow of its former self , eventually reduced to showing pornographic films .
his appointment followed the sacking of jennifer page after an opening night fiasco and poor attendances in january 2000 .
despite being one of the three largest cities in the netherlands , the clubs attendances have been traditionally smaller than their rivals ajax , feyenoord and psv eindhoven .
1972 saw tamworth promoted to the southern league , but a period of falling attendances and financial difficulties followed .
luton finished 17th and attendances doubled in just a few months .
however after poor results and falling attendances , the club agreed to fulfil all its fixtures before folding in april 1900 .
attendances for many sides were comparable to those for european matches and scottish clubs fared well against their english counterparts .
the club 's home stadium is the stade rené gaillard in niort , which has a capacity of 10,898 although in the last 20 years attendances have generally averaged below 5,000 per match due to the club 's relatively small fan base .
this has left mervue with little to no fan base with attendances estimated at the lowest in the league of ireland .
attendances at the cenotaph on remembrance sunday remain high , averaging around 2000 people .
however , orient had awful attendances at these two ' home ' grounds ( once for a football league game receiving only 2,500 spectators ) due to the distance orient played from their fanbase in the east end .
the season was highlighted by fluctuating crowd attendances at home games , national media attention paid to crowd trouble with fans of preston lions , but also by good performances by a young and talented side , which before the season had been a relegation favourite .
between 1963 and 1973 jellicoe had averaged 90 house of lords daily attendances per parliamentary session .
this represented a 5,000 decline in average attendances in just four years , despite the success experienced by blackburn rovers in the 2005 - 06 premiership .
although attendances were not recorded for many of the earliest matches at north road , the highest recorded attendance at the ground was approximately 15,000 for a first division match against sunderland on 4 march 1893 .
while this scheme saw a short - term increase in the quality of the competition , attendances soon began to drop again .
games involving munster hold several heineken cup records for highest attendances in every stage of the finals , as well as the highest ever attendance for a rugby game in both spain and switzerland .
attendances approached 20,000 people and made stars of riders such as syd clarke , junior bainbridge , tich read and peter moore .
the 2005 season initially saw crowds flocking in record numbers to witness the return of old derbies such as that between south melbourne and heidelberg united , but 2006 saw a sharp decline in attendances .
match attendances had fallen in comparison to past seasons but the club was still one of the better supported of the applicants .
they got promoted right on the first season to the next level , averaging 5 goals for game and attendances as big as 600 ( when the average is 50 in this league ) , being only defeated one time .
the table does not include finals series attendances .
attendances down the pitch on a sunday have doubled to an average of 20 since lisahally lifted the 1st division cup .
world champions have performed at good friday meetings , which during the 1920s and 1930s attracted attendances of 10,000 .
the club was already feeling the effects of the dramatic social changes of the 1960s , in the form of falling attendances and the end of the players ' maximum wage .
average attendances of european football clubs .
this article lists the attendances of many sports competitions around the world .
however , the move to ashford bought a significant dip in attendances , with the attendance of 200 against aveley being maidstone 's lowest ' home ' league crowd since the kent league days .
decade average attendances for derby games .
undoubtedly many of the students did not complete their full term but there are no details of attendances at this early date or any record of the termination of studentships .
the raiders had 3 games with attendances under 40,000 , with their lowest attendance coming in week 11 against the bengals when they drew only 34,112 .
enraght ’s popularity was the attendances of sunday morning holy communion services , with a congregation of between 400 to 500 .
after a period of sustained growth , a healthy standard of football , strong crowd attendances and great public interest from 1987 - 1990 , the bubble burst for the league when the recession of late-1990 hit australia - and tasmania in particular - very hard .
the league saw an exception to this for two seasons from 2002 when afc wimbledon were members with attendances at their games regularly over 1000 .
the club played in the first division of the league of ireland until 18 january 2008 when they announced that they resigned their position in the league citing “ lack of finance , poor results and paltry attendances ” .
both attendances of course , are high - profile derby games .
this attitude was common among the people of sussex , where church attendances declined dramatically in many villages , including north lancing .
with attendances from the first 4 home games standing at just over 4,200 the jets are the most watched team in the whole of the bafl and one of the most watched american football teams in europe .
these record breaking attendances saw " the dark knight " listed as the third - highest domestic grossing film of all time with $ 533 million , bested by " titanic " and " avatar " .
crowd attendances for first 12 games , has exceeded 150,000 supporters .
argyle eventually won promotion to football league division two in 1929 - 30 , when they topped the third division south , with attendances that season regularly reaching 20,000 .
by 1950 , however , only three baths remained in use due to decreasing attendances .
opening in december 1925 the 1 mile banked concrete bowl was the scene of some large and successful race meetings before a decline in attendances saw the track close in 1927 , but reopened many times in the 1930s .
that year the club were invited to play in the swedish series , but the club decided not to enter because they thought that playing friendlies brought higher attendances , and also because the players did not play for the club full - time , so it would have been hard to play away matches .
despite support from opel , the club was always financially struggling at this level , never drawing sufficient attendances for this level of play .
record attendances include the all - time texas high school record and national high school record of 49,953 at texas stadium for the 1977 state championship game against the plano wildcats , as well as several attendance records at the houston astrodome during the 1973 - 1977 playoff games ( 1974 - 1978 senior class years ; during which pn - g won the class 4a texas state championship - the highest class at the time - at texas stadium in december 1975 , beating the odessa permian wildcats 20 - 10 ) .
this , coupled with the poor ratings and attendances that were achieved both in australia and europe , led to the competition being postponed for a number of years .
attendances have generally risen for the wigan warriors since the start of the 2002 season , averaging around 15,000 over the three seasons from 2006 to 2008 .
traditionally , andover 's supporters have regarded salisbury as their local rivals , with matches between the two teams often attracting larger attendances than average for andover 's home games .
by the early 1970s , the dukes were enjoying higher attendances than the shaymen ( halifax town ) .
the league had low attendances that year .
thomas ' exit had a detrimental effect on scunthorpe united 's season ; attendances at their home matches fell by 20% after thomas left , and the club dropped from 1st to 4th in the league .
all of this amounted to disappointing attendances , ugly displays of football from what were previously regarded as a good team to watch and relatively poor performances .
in the late 1950s and 1960s cambridge city commanded the highest attendances in non - league football , regularly attracting average gates in excess of 3,500 ( higher than rivals united during that period ) and occasionally attracting gates over 10,000 .
during their three seasons in the conference national , from 2001–02 to 2003–04 , the club 's average home attendances were 1,233 , 684 , and 562 .
such non - attendances constituted recusancy in the proper sense of the term , and originally affected all , whether catholics , or others , who did not conform .
no significant changes were made regarding the structure of elland road during the 1930s and 1940s , although it did see some uncharacteristically large attendances .
the expected increase in attendances did n't happen and the team did n't perform well , finishing close to the relegation zone only one year after the wembley triumph .
bradman 's men were greeted by packed crowds across the country , and records for test attendances in england were set in the second and fourth tests at lord 's and headingley respectively ; the crowd at headingley remains a record , and it was there that australia set a world record by chasing down 404 on the last day for a seven - wicket victory .
average attendances .
the university of st andrews takes the winter meeting to other venues than st andrews has been reasonably successful in boosting attendances .
by the end of the regular season , the arl 's inaugural 20-team competition had set a new record for aggregate match attendances of 3,061,338 .
the early 1990s were characterized by extremely low attendances and half empty cinemas .
record attendances for modo games stands at 9,153 for the outdoor rink ( vs. aik , 1964 ) and 8,778 for the indoor version of kempehallen ( vs. brynäs if , 1965 ) .
by 1997 , the average for home ground attendances had peaked at 36,612 .
this period was also noteworthy for the attendances .
they had the highest average attendance during both seasons in division two / league one and continued the trend when returning to the championship with the highest attendances in that division .
average weekly attendances dropped from a high of 50 to a low of 20 : its members having perhaps thought its battles largely won .
it was not until the latter conference years that attendances improved , with the 2003 - 04 season seeing the average home attendance rise to 3,704 .
faced with dwindling attendances , the kilcoynes decided to starve the club and sold off senior players who were replaced by junior footballers .
the gaelic athletic association , however , were wary the live television coverage would result in lower attendances at games .
" match of the day " was not universally welcomed in the football world ; in 1965 several clubs attempted to block a renewed deal with the bbc in fear of a drop in gate attendances at matches .
outside of australia , the game has drawn notable attendances only for occasional carnival type events , such as international tests and exhibition matches .
the club 's relative geographic isolation resulted in lower attendances than those of other clubs , which led to the club becoming mired in financial problems and effectively bankrupt by 1910 , when they were taken over by local businessman henry norris .
smaller scale old catholic ministry may become more important with the declining church attendances witnessed in western europe , whereby larger denominations are unable to support their relatively expensive ministry .
a number of clubs complained to the rfl over bbc televising rugby league matches live on tv , stating that it was affecting attendances .
average attendances at kenilworth road have fallen since the installation of seats and the club 's reduction in stature , dropping from 13,452 in 1982–83 to their present level – a slump of 55% over 26 years .
attendances at club rugby in england have risen strongly since the sport went professional .
the club has a core support base of around 600 to 800 people , average attendances have been rising for the past two seasons and continue to do so ..
poor attendances took their toll on the venture and for season 2003/2004 the club chose to revert to the widely preferred name of sydney olympic and moving to oki jubilee stadium at kogarah .
it has so far enjoyed enormous popularity and has attracted large attendances at matches as well as good tv audience ratings .
attendances .
the pastorate was said to be prosperous and on one sunday in 1903 there were attendances of 330 in the morning and 231 in the evening .
on the 16th october 2009 , the eagles announced they 'd be moving their home games from the start of the 2010 season to bramall lane , home of sheffield united in a bid to increase attendances and atmosphere at games which will now take place on sunday afternoons .
by 1931 the effects of the " soccer wars " and the great depression had seen attendances fall at mark 's stadium .
capacity varied , but at one point was as high as 80,000 ( althrough attendances rarely ever approached this figure ) .
attendances for single matches are listed here .
they had paid a club - record ₤116,000 for jack ashurst two years earlier and had not recouped any of that sum , and attendances were at an all - time low .
the club was extensively promoted and publicized around the city with the result that attendances have been in excess of 1,000 since just 258 turned up to watch the match against roi et fc in may 2009 .
although their on - field performances were not spectacular , continuing high attendance figures saw aggregate attendances exceed one million spectators .
tmg gave in the last 2 years three international delegates with a total of seven international session attendances and a president of national session to the mep .
however , in the instances of capacity crowds attending , this practice might not have been as common as usual or have had as large an effect on actual attendances .
the stadium has however on numerous occasions hosted attendances in excess of this official capacity .
this exhibition was created by the young british artists of the saatchi gallery and attracted large attendances in london and brooklyn .
the arl for the same year saw slightly higher attendances of 1,308,824 .
since the club had achieved football league status in 1910 , their attendances had been extremely poor ; up to the suspension of the league programme in 1915 , home games had rarely exceeded crowds of 5,000 .
the cosmos failed to attract significant support within the canberra community which was reflected in poor attendances at games .
the first game , on march 29th 1996 in the charlety stadium , attracted a crowd of 17,873 and the team beat sheffield eagles 30 - 24 but after a few weeks the attendances tailed off as the defeats mounted .
oxford united have plans to build a fourth side to the kassam stadium , but this is unlikely to happen until they regain football league status , and attendances rise to sufficiently justify it .
cleary 's reason for playing was that if he played he would not be overtaken by walker on attendances before his 50th birthday .
between 1989 and 1994 hobart , sandy bay , glenorchy , burnie hawks and new norfolk had all faced financial ruin at some point and in the ensuing years would be joined by north hobart , devonport and the burnie dockers - a merged entity of the old burnie hawks and ntfl club burnie tigers that joined forces in 1995 - in a battle to stay afloat under burgeoning debts , increasing costs and dwindling attendances .
in 1966 , wigan locked television cameras out of their ground in the belief that they affected attendances .
football club attendances ( 2006 ) : the table below displays the highest football club / team attendance averages , across the football codes , for all regular seasons concluding in 2006 .
the sales were supported by stern 's book signing tour of various cities across the united states , with the largest crowd attendances ever .
with wages rising beyond the club 's financial means , attendances falling and most of the club 's turnover being spent on accommodation and transport to away matches in the north , it was decided that for the club to continue , it would be necessary to return to the southern league .
with rare exceptions , the additional room for 2,800 standing spectators ( 1,400 behind each goal ) has been closed since some years ago because attendances do not justify it anymore .
higgins felt that the game 's attendances were too low , and that potential new venues outside the game 's traditional united kingdom and recently - developed far east markets were not being utilised , and wanted to give something back to the sport .
derby day is considered the second biggest festival in chile and regularly attracts attendances of up to 80.000 .
the event regularly has attendances in excess of 50,000 people and attracts top salsa bands , and cuban reggaeton stars such as papo record , kid afrika as well as osvaldo chacon y su timba
due to disagreements over television rights combined with poor attendances and a lack interest from the top clubs , the trophy only lasted for three years , and was cancelled in 2000 .
these shows drew large attendances by also some controversy .
in common with many other sports , greyhound racing enjoyed its highest attendances just after the second world war — for example , there were 34 million paying spectators in 1946 .
what is more the football was so good attendances topped the 3000 mark on 3 occasions – something that had n’t happened for years .
iblp started promoting basic youth conflicts seminars in areas around the united states and other nations , which according to its own history , during the 1970s had attendances of up to 20,000 persons .
the clubs average attendances since entering the football league .
city 's attendances were among the worst in the league , and the club was never particularly well financed .
this event shows large attendances of more than 30,000 spectators .
attendances fell sharply as interest in the club waned .
2008 was a disappointing year to most timbers ' fans for many reasons , although this was offset by the record high season attendances .
the tour matches before the tests were well attended , with 69,195 attending the game against new south wales , of whom 32,253 attended on the saturday , but attendances tailed off later .
average attendances .
attendances by match .
however , if continued premier league status results in ever - increasing attendances then the club may then be inclined to increase capacity by filling west stand - boothen corner .
to promote greater attendances and improve the revenues of the clubs , after deducting the stadium hire charges , 90% of the gate collection will go to the host club .
b. attendances were calculated using gate receipts which limited their accuracy as a large proportion of people , particularly children , attended football matches in ireland throughout the 20th century for free by a number of means .
for the first nine seasons in the football league everton had the highest average league attendances of any team in england .
buoyed by the visibility provided by the big east and by rising attendances at the carrier dome , the syracuse continued to increase in national prominence .
at the time , the english game was suffering a downturn in attendances and the chairmen of the football league clubs decided to consider ways in which the game could be made exciting .
b. attendances were calculated using gate receipts which limited their accuracy as a large proportion of people , particularly children , attended football matches in ireland throughout the 20th century for free by a number of means .
ulster have led the celtic league attendances for 3 years in the row and connacht , munster and leinster 's crowds have grown year on year .
rugby league as a whole went through a two - decade slump that started in the 1960s , attendances dropped and so did keighley ’s performances .
they are one of the prominent events in the village calendar with attendances sometimes in excess of 3000 attendees .
dissatisfaction with the club 's board grew ; attendances fell ; performances remained poor .
with the club having achieved promotion to the first division that year , with the additional capacity attendances reached over 20,000 for some matches .
the attendances have been steadily rising since paul atfield became manager from crowds of 20 to crowds of 120 and above .
in the 1950s attendances for the final reached 100,000 , comparable to the fa cup final itself .
the increase in the importance of the county championship , grace 's own inevitable decline in form and the lack of a competitive element in the matches led to a decline in attendances and consequently meant the team lost money .
since joining , kildare county 's attendances have been amongst the lowest in the league of ireland .
attendances at club rugby in england have risen strongly since the sport went professional .
this re - branding of the team , together with the facilities of the new tom bateman reserve in the suburb of thornlie , reportedly contributed to increased interest in the sport in western australia , with many exhibition matches attracting more than 2,000 spectators , very high compared with usual australian attendances for the sport .
after that attendances dropped and by february 1985 less than 200 fans were watching the home games .
the polish extraleague has the highest average attendances for any sport in poland .
this had a profound effect on attendance : while until the 1976/77 season the club had averaged 18,000 spectators or more - with attendances of up to 45,000 against dynamo dresden or fc carl zeiss jena , the season average had now dropped to a mere 13,000 spectators .
football league attendances .
the attendance records of each of the teams at the end of the home and away season , does not include finals series attendances .
average attendances were 120 in the morning and 200 in the evening , with 90 at holy communion .
despite dropping a division , attendances at old trafford swelled during the 1974 - 75 season and united responded well , winning the second division and returning to the top flight , where they topped the standings in the early stages of the 1975 - 76 season and there were high hopes that united could become only the third club to be champions of the top flight one season after being promoted .
the afl has also threatened to change the fixture to another club if the attendances do n't remain above 60,000 .
in 1932 , with attendances on the rise the directors launched a big scheme of ground improvements .
average attendances .
the effects of the merger were disappointing as the two superclubs underperformed against welsh and irish sides , and the expected boost in attendances from the merger did not immediately materialise .
the club had been suffering for a while on falling attendances and the economic depression it was not possible for the town to sustain two teams .
since then attendances have been reached around 100,000 .
in 1949 the ground became the first in britain to have an electronic turnstile aggregator fitted , in order to automatically calculate attendances .
a representative club , the tasmanian devils participated in the victorian football league between 2001 - 2008 and attracted attendances of over 10,000 on numerous occasions .
b. attendances were calculated using gate receipts which limited their accuracy as a large proportion of people , particularly children , attended football matches in ireland throughout the 20th century for free by a number of means .
billy thorpe & the aztecs had national chart success , their record sales and concert attendances rivalling those of the beatles , with hits like " mashed potato " , " sick and tired " and " wizard of oz " tune " over the rainbow " in the top ten of the record charts in most state capitals .
attendances .
average major league attendances reached a pre world war i peak of 5,836 in 1909 , before falling back during the war .
attendances .
both motions were passed and the club spent the next two seasons at the phibsboro venue , with an unrecognisable side playing in front of small attendances .
for example , the 2003 evaluation of the sydney medically supervised injecting centre found that that there was no evidence that the injecting room reduced the number of overdose deaths in the area , no improvement in ambulance overdose attendances in the area , no improvement in ambulance overdose attendance during hours the injecting room was open , no improvement in overdose presentations at hospital emergency wards ( p. 60 ) .
this , along with the fact that attendances are in the region of 20,000 for the later matches , suggests that the tournament is held in higher esteem than its counterparts in other provinces , such as the o'byrne cup .
it is now the joint longest racing festival in ireland , at 7 days in duration the same as the galway races and second in attendances only to that great event .
the polish extraleague has the highest average attendances for any sport in poland .
by the end of the 1970s attendances had dropped significantly , and the club was experiencing severe financial difficulties .
for various reasons , the albany attack were plagued by poor attendance most of their existence with average attendances in the 3000–4000 range which was not enough for the franchise to be profitable .
in his four seasons there , club attendances rose from 400 to around 1000 , he won the southern cup twice and each season he was there dartford scored over 100 goals .
it became the parish church of kemptown in 1873 , but declining attendances resulted in a declaration of redundancy in 1986 .
attendances .
he was all for banishing catholic clergy from ireland and for enforcing church attendances , and strict measures to this end were taken on his return .
this meant that the club 's average attendances were around the two - thousand mark , making the club 's formative years a financial success .
at the end of the 2004 season chorley lynx folded due to poor attendances and the withdrawal of funding by backer trevor hemmings .
top reported home attendances in gastonia grizzlies history
however , despite stressing that the giant axe was well located to the town centre , the main railway station was a two minute walk away , the corporation had always been considerate to the club and this season ( 1920/21 ) had carried out improvements in grandstand and dressing accommodation , the club ’s financial position since 1911 had improved , attendances had improved and support could be pulled from a town and district with a population of 80,000 , the club failed .
attendances that specific teams pull for their home games are listed here .
the club moved back into berwick in 1996 and have remained there ever since , enjoying much success during this time and good crowd attendances .
by the 1980s , however , attendances were falling , and the diocese of chichester declared the church redundant on 29 april 1986 .
attendances .
the club have a large fanbase and regularly attract high attendances , averaging over 36,000 , 95% of stadium capacity .
attendances by code .
attendances now hovered around the 100,000 mark during the coming years .
on july 10 , 1999 , over 90,000 people ( the largest ever for a women ’s sporting event and one of the most largest attendances in the world for a tournament game final ) filled the rose bowl to watch the united states play china in the final .
in 1966 , wigan locked television cameras out of their ground in the belief that they affected attendances .
the first ten years following kenilworth road 's renovation saw average attendances of between 15,000 and 18,000 ; a huge improvement on what the club had previously been able to attract .
the kilcoynes had witnessed decades of huge attendances at irish football games and sought to take over the club primarily for business reasons .
at one time lomu was considered ' rugby union 's biggest drawcard ' , swelling attendances at any match where he appeared .
the mps or multipurpose shelter is extremely large , it is used for school assemblies , indoor sports and for functions with attendances too large to fit in the performing arts centre .
the league is nowhere near as prestigious as the all - ireland , but in recent years attendances have grown and interest , from the public and from players , has grown .
the festival saw record attendances in 2004 when it staged " a midsummer night 's dream " and " twelfth night " , two of the most popular plays in the shakespeare canon .
crowd attendances , merchandising , season and suite holder season ticket sales have all been very successful .
in 2000 , the venues sustained operation went into question , possibly due to low attendances and high expenses .
meanwhile , the official reading festival , now under mean fiddler guidance , continued at the thames - side site in reading , pursuing an almost completely goth and indie music policy that alienated much of the traditional fan base and saw attendances continue to fall .
attendances did not immediately change much following the move to selhurst park in 1991 – however , the larger capacity gradually started to be used .
rovers and bohs games attracted relatively large crowds in the 1980s and 1990s , including two fai cup fixtures in the 1993–94 season which saw over 10,000 people at each , but the attendances at the fixture had followed the same sliding trend as the rest of the league 's fixtures over the last forty years .
attendance figures are not currently published for league fixtures , however in the fa vase in the 2005–06 season home attendances for regional league teams averaged around 50 , with only wellington 's match against alvechurch of the midland alliance drawing over 100 spectators .
the club started making a profit , attendances increased , and the club 's performance became better each year .
some criticism has been leveled against the leinster council for continuing to play the provincial decider in croke park , as kilkenny 's domiance over the last decade has led to a downturn in attendances , leading to the match effectively being played in a stdium that is n't even half full .
during this time , attendances increased substantially for most clubs and television revenue gained prominence and importance .
in the same season , the league posted record breaking tv ratings and attendances .
” panoply has had record attendances of over 120,000 in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
racing club ’s main problem is one encountered by all sports clubs in paris : attendances are extremely low ( barely 1,000 for regular season matches ) .
this section applies to attendances at st andrew 's , where birmingham have played their home matches since 1906 .
the average attendances which wigan have enjoyed in recent seasons are second only to leeds rhinos .
attendances .
attendances .
average attendances at middlesbrough matches have fluctuated over the past several years , moving from a 2004 - 05 high average of 32,012 to a low of 26,092 in 2006 - 07 , then up again to 28,428 in 2008 - 09 .
however , sports administrators perceived live telecasts to have an adverse effect on attendances .
as chief executive , parry oversaw the development of the premier league into one of the top professional football competitions in the world , with major investment in new stadia , increased attendances and an influx of major international stars .
attendances at games dropped heavily , going from full arenas to typically less than fifty .
back in division two , attendances dropped and city struggled for form , with five consecutive finishes in the bottom half of the table .
the 1997 season for the crushers saw their home game attendances dwindle to an average of 7,000 and even with free days , which allowed supporters to come to the games free of charge , the club did n’t gather support as it had in its inaugural season .
such a goal - scoring ratio helped hearts to both a third - place finish and increased attendances , although double - winners rangers proved too strong in the scottish cup semi - finals .
in 1947 their attendances averaged at 3,500 .
the equaliser by the half - back was said to be worth at least that amount as it secured the club 's short - term future with the guarantee of large attendances for the next twelve months .
at first , the festival attendances were small .
recent attendances .
tromsø storm has been one of the two clubs in the league with the highest attendances on average , with an all - time high in the final match of the 2006/2007 season when a full packed arena saw the team beat the arch rival harstad vikings in the final match of the regular season , bringing the team to the top of the league table and winning the league championship .
attendances did not meet expectations .
her one man show at the the kelvingrove art galleries in 1990 was the first fashion design exhibition to be held in the grand glasgow museum and claimed one of the highest public attendances .
however its status as an out of season test match venue is under review after the disappointing attendances .
upon creation , the league 's first goal was to establish better crowd attendances for the games .
fleetwood town have invested a lot in highbury stadium recently following many promotions and increased attendances in recent years .
you might here " some " elgin supporters sler stuff such as " rule britannia " " you are a fenian " and " we are the people " the club does not seem to take any action to stop this section of the support which is strange as it should be easy(with average attendances of about 444 )
owner randy lerner seems keen on the idea of increased capacity as average attendances reach new highs .
attendances have never been great , but nyetimber lane was curiously full in september 2003 when afc wimbledon visited in the fa vase , with just over 1,000 spectators watching the game .
england beat wales 12 - 7 in herne hill but just 3,000 people turned up to watch , one of the lowest attendances to ever watch a wales match .
greyhound racing is a popular sport in great britain with attendances at around 3.2 million at over 5,750 meetings , across 26 stadia in 2007 alone .
attendances dropped to an average of between five and six thousand through the 1950s and 1960s , though the last ( to date ) attendance of over 10 000 occurred in 1968 when 16,650 was the sell - out attendance for barrow 's fa cup match against leicester city .
average attendances at maracanã including friendly matches and other competitions .
doubed an instant rivalry game , and a possible nba finals preview , these two teams would battle it out in front of record attendances and television viewers .
this was introduced as an equalisation strategy in response to the increasing transfer fees and player salaries at the time , which in combination with declining attendances , threatened to derail the league .
the showground was also adjacent to the sydney showground speedway , used as a speedway for most of its lifetime , officially known as speedway royale , with large spectator attendances throughout the summer from 1926 until 1996 .
between 1972 and 1977 , during the club 's rise to the second division , home attendances averaged almost 8,000 per game .
attendances went up to 3.7 million , the highest figure in top - flite scottish football since the 1960s .
after the first season berlioz moved on and attendances fell .
by 2003 , it was run by more than 2,000 volunteers , had attendances over 100,000 and generated about $ 3,730,000 that stayed in the community , as estimated by a 2003 enigma research study .
in the early 1990s , new fa rules after the publication of the taylor report meant the stadium would have to have been upgraded to all - seater status , which would have consisted of a much smaller capacity than the sort of attendances that sunderland could expect , as they had played in the penultimate first division campaign ( 1990 - 91 season ) before the creation of the premier league and were aiming for a swift return to the top flight ( although promotion was ultimately not achieved until the 1995 - 96 season ) .
from 2000 to 2002 , the raptors led the league in sellouts , but attendances dipped slightly between 2003 and 2006 .
the match is always played between the australian and new zealand national teams , and has drawn attendances between 20,000–45,000 in the past .
