van den budenmayer is a fictitious eighteenth - century dutch composer created by preisner and director krzysztof kieślowski for attributions in screenplays .
the general principle involved is that the qabalist will meditate on all these attributions and by this means acquire an understanding of the character of the sephirah .
defensive attributions are one type of self - serving attribution ; they involve explanations for actions or outcomes that are made to avoid feelings of vulnerability and mortality .
his work on the pauline epistles included proposed revisions to many accepted attributions , notably of ambrosiaster , as well as numerous commentaries on and editions of other works .
the existence of two national police forces with similar goals and attributions , but somewhat different zones of activity , has at times created friction or competition between the two .
note : while reproductions of paintings at external sites are valuable , attributions may be misleading .
many modern day authorities on rabbi bahye 's writings have shown that many of these attributions are spurious .
five works are attributed to him securely ; two doubtful attributions have been proposed based on stylistic similarities .
attributions .
attributions to fifteenth century astronomer georg purbach are less likely correct , since purbach was not born until 1423 .
a choice - supportive bias is seen when both correct and incorrect attributions tend to favor the chosen option , with positive features more likely to be attributed to the chosen option and negative features to the rejected option .
vasari , in noticing the inscription in time for his revision of " le vite " , revised his attribution of other sculptures at the santissima annunziata , attributing to pagno metalwork that documents actually show to have been supplied by maso di bartolomeo , doubtless under michelozzo 's supervision ; vasari added to his attributions the madonna and child relief illustrated above , which was already in the opera del duomo .
in 1975 , the institute changes its name to the " cuban institute of radio and television " , but maintained the same attributions it had under its past name .
for example ancient greek authors often refer to texts which claimed to be by orpheus or his pupil musaeus but which attributions were generally disregarded .
however , many are mystified by their relationship , unable to explain the many attributions and liberties that el tigrillo grants to gómez , which range from harmless excesses with the company ’s funds and assets to more serious responsibilities .
some yoruba traditionalists refer to orumila as obatala , confusing it with and paganizing one of the attributions of olodumare i.e. god , the almighty .
over the years the position 's powers and attributions have varied widely , and there were long periods of time under the mobutu sese seko , and the period following the first congo war , when the position was abolished in 1966 .
the above attributions notwithstanding , the book 's acknowledgments page notes that " all three stories have been completely revised by the author for the present book . "
attribution theory assumes that we make attributions , or social judgments , as a way to clarify or predict behavior .
attributions .
following his " ad interim " presidency of romania , he delegated his attributions to the vicepresident doru ioan tărăcilă .
147–188 ce , although such attributions refer to early masters of a script rather than to their actual inventors , since the scripts generally evolved into being over time .
although a contributes to c , and although disturbed cs ( such as feelings of panic and depression ) are much more likely to follow strong negative as ( such as being assaulted or raped ) , than they are to follow weak as ( such as being disliked by a stranger ) , the main or more direct cores of extreme and dysfunctional emotional disturbances ( cs ) are people ’s irrational beliefs — the absolutistic musts and their accompanying inferences and attributions that people strongly believe about their undesirable activating events .
this system has been summarized by joan schraith cole and includes correspondence attributions of the english letters to the positions on the tree of life .
for chátelet this and the louvre large tondo usually attributed to malouel are two of the five altarpieces commissioned in 1398 ; however he suggests the tondo is by bellechose when he was malouel 's assistant , thus reversing the traditional attributions of these works .
his workshop 's output is somewhat repetitive , making attributions to maggiolini a temptation .
the attributions of the chief of the cabinet of ministers are established by the articles 100 and 101 of the constitution of argentina .
miki malör 's works elude unilateral attributions : they are inspired by the avant - gardes of the 20th century , postmodern , deconstructivist , subversive , alternative , experimental , post - dramatic , feminist , rhizomatic , sensual , absurd , highly comical , intimate , transgressing taboos , excessive , and much more .
this was the first published book to reveal almost all of the tarot attributions on the qabalistic " cube of space " diagram .
but the most influential idea in " the psychology of interpersonal relations " is the notion of how people see the causes of behavior , and the explanations they make for it — what heider called " attributions " .
it is one of the less controversial attributions to giorgione .
by the way , people from other countries are advised to give americans a brief explanation of the content of their first few side conversations to assuage the sinister attributions .
some of the following attributions , such as for " the two noble kinsmen " , have well - attested contemporary documentation ; others , such as for " titus andronicus " , remain more controversial and are dependent on linguistic analysis by modern scholars .
in particular , in " mental events " ( 1983 ) , he proposed an original solution to the problem of the intentionality of propositional attitude attributions , based on the idea of " perspectivity " : the systematic ambiguity of interpretation which characterizes propositional attitude sentences is explained by way of the contrast between the point of view of the attributor and the point of view of the person who entertains the attitude attributed .
the parent - child interaction assessment - ii modifying attributions of parents ( pcia - ii / map ; bohr , 2008 , 2005 , 2004a , 2004b ; bohr & holigrocki , 2005 ) intervention is a brief cognitive - behavioral manualized treatment for parents in high - risk families .
following his " ad interim " presidency of romania , he delegated his attributions to the vicepresident doru ioan tărăcilă .
the discovery of the " dormition " led to the attributions of other three signed works of " doménicos " to el greco ( " modena triptych","st .
inaccurate attributions .
its headquarters are located in the federal district , and it is organized under a decentralized framework that allows it to exercise its attributions throughout the country .
another feature of ontophantics is the rejection of all forms of essentialism in the sense of considering attributions of being - so independent of assertions of being or existence — an opinion peña attributes to aristotle and meinong .
the difficulty in making secure attributions of work by giorgione 's hand dates from soon after his death , when some of his paintings were completed by other artists , and his considerable reputation also led to very early erroneous claims of attribution .
in the past , some researchers have argued that the actual influence of leaders on organizational outcomes is overrated and romanticized as a result of biased attributions about leaders ( meindl & ehrlich , 1987 ) .
noted collections containing re - edited patristic texts ( also discoveries and new attributions ) are the corpus christianorum , sources chrétiennes , corpus scriptorum ecclesiasticorum latinorum , and on a lesser scale oxford early christian texts and fontes christiani ( also etudes augustiniennes ) .
there is some confusion over his name , between john henry price , family photographs and many work attributions , where he is simply henry price , and the index in pevsner , where for example the ashton house reference uses both h. r. price , at the same time as referring to him as the city architect .
coordination of them was made poorly by são paulo state education department , which had so many attributions .
the last of these attributions is redundant , since the singer 's real name is mauricio alberto kaisermann .
mixed attributions are shown here .
the golden dawn was the first , but their knowledge was based upon only one of dee 's diaries and their planetary , elemental , or zodiacal attributions have no foundation in the original sources .
richard nisbett has argued that some attributional biases like the fundamental attribution error are instances of the base rate fallacy : people underutilize " consensus information " ( the " base rate " ) about how others behaved in similar situations and instead prefer simpler dispositional attributions .
dorothy stroud wrote the first full monograph on capability brown , fleshing out the generic attributions with documentation from country house estate offices .
other studies relevant to attributions theory of mind have been conducted using plovers and dogs , and have shown preliminary evidence of understanding attention — one precursor of theory of mind — in others .
many times , these attributions rely solely on the oral tradition and the beliefs of singers and the flamenco environment , but rarely on evidence .
section 13 - interference and attributions for part one .
more specifically , non - philosophical intuitions about knowledge attributions are not affected by the importance to the potential knower of the accuracy of that knowledge .
this deck also further obscured the christian allegories of the tarot de marseilles and of eliphas levi 's decks by changing some attributions ( for instance changing " the pope " to " the hierophant " and " the popess " to " the high priestess " ) .
several attributions have been entered by academic , philosophic , and native american concerns regarding all three of these unknown factors of when designed , when built , and by whom .
the " apocalypse of golias " has been ascribed by different scholars to alan of lille , walter of châtillon , hugh primas and walter map , but there evidence is against these attributions .
this is repeated by boller and george ( " they never said it : a book of fake quotes , misquotes , and misleading attributions " , by paul f. boller , jr. and john george , published by oxford university press ( 1989 ) , p. 15 .
other works have attributions disputed between him and tintoretto .
the two are mentioned together in one manuscript , but there thierri occurs in a place where raoul might have been expected ( in a list of attributions from an earlier manuscript ) .
several of these quotations are mis - attributions , originally appearing in the work of the columnist , robert kirby from utah , and are verifiable in the archives of the salt lake tribune .
self - serving attributions .
born and active in antwerp , he was trained by his father , pieter neeffs i. their works , in fact , are very similar and attributions of their individual hands can be difficult .
appreciated by cardinal andré - hercule de fleury , his main achievement was the extension of the attributions of the gendarmerie in 1720 , which he structured as a maréchaussée , with police duties throughout france .
apart from these legal attributions , regions have considerable discretionary powers for infrastructural spending , e.g. , education , public transit , funding universities and research , and assistance for business owners .
general inspectorate of romanian police is the central unit of police in romania , which manages , guides , supports and controls the activity of the romanian police units , investigates and analyses very serious crimes related to organized crime , economic , financial or banking criminality , or to other crimes which make the object of the criminal cases investigated by the prosecutor ’s office of the supreme court of justice , and which has any other attributions assigned by law .
the montpellier codex is a critical source for what are known as " pre - franconian " and " franconian " motets , after franco of cologne . while the music in the codex is anonymous , a number of attributions can be made , either because of concordances in other manuscripts or on the basis of stylistic similarity , to pérotin ( from fascicle 1 ) , petrus de cruce , adam de la halle , guillaume d'auvergne , and philippe le chancelier .
none of these attributions , however , has been accepted by a significant proportion of the critical community .
and a mark of the difficulty of attributions is the fact that it is attributed to severo or to tullio lombardo
attributions : tony rolt is often credited with the original idea and development as applied to automatic couplings in vehicle transmission systems , particularly four - wheel drive , working with freddie dixon at the time .
when people try to make attributions about another 's behaviour , their information focuses on the individual .
this is made even more difficult for english composers such as dunstaple : scribes in england frequently copied music without any ascription , rendering it immediately anonymous ; and , while continental scribes were more assiduous in this regard , many works published in dunstaple 's name have other , potentially equally valid , attributions in different sources to other composers , including binchois , john benet , john bedyngham , john forest and , most frequently , leonel power .
the term " opqrst - aaa " adds " aggravating / alleviating factors " , " associated symptoms " , and " attributions / adaptations " .
by focusing on cell functioning and cure through rest and nutrition , tuke rejected attributions of moral infirmity or deficiency in the insane .
unlike many other literary forms of the time , much skaldic poetry is attributable to an author ( called a skald ) , and these attributions may be relied on with a reasonable degree of confidence .
while the individual attributions are often debated , among the artists thought to complete the angelo di pietro da sienna , also called maccagino or angelo parrasio , and michele pannonio .
in turn , it influences support for he and ha " legitimating myths , " defined as “ values , attitudes , beliefs , causal attributions and ideologies ” that in turn justify social institutions and practices that either enhance or attenuate group hierarchy .
" this first appeared in the union hymnal ( reform jewish ) .. this translation , while far less christianized than the olivers version , has been used in many christian hymnals , although some contain hybrids of the olivers and the landsberg - mann texts and have confusing attributions .
the roman council axes evokes the attributions of the romanian police in a lawful state , as a guarantee of public order .
unfortunately we are unable among existing statues to identify any which are copies from works of euphranor ( but see a series of attributions by six in jahrbuch , 1909 , 7 foil . ) .
she considers attributions to earlier dates " extremely problematic " .
attributions of motives and descriptions of behaviour show wild variation and reveal much about the character of the teller .
since mint names are again very rare , attributions must largely be made by working backwards from æthelstan ’s reign when mint names were often found on coins of the " circumscription cross " and " bust crowned " types .
interventional use of the parent - child interaction assessment - ii enactments : modifying an abused mother ’s attributions to her son .
this is in contrast to the traditional view whereby knowledge attributions have a binary structure of the form 's knows that p ' .
stewart also confirms attributions of " original poems " based on the publisher 's records .
attribution theorists have been , largely speaking , social psychologists , concerned with the general processes characterising how and why people in general make the attributions they do , whereas locus of control theorists have been more concerned with individual differences .
architecture and objects synthesized various styles , both iranian and syrian , sometimes rendering precise attributions difficult .
combined with the fact that moore 's text claimed to be based on a russian original , this brought some erroneous attributions ( as early as in 1831 ) that moore 's verse is a translation of kozlov 's .
he also contributed in a decisive way to conferring determinate attributions to certain villages of the empordà like ( llers , land of witches ; or vila - sacra , capital of the world ) .
( " contextualism " is a misnomer for either form of invariantism , since " contextualism " among epistemologists is considered to be restricted to a claim about the context - sensitivity of knowledge attributions ( or the word " knows " ) .
it emphasizes the dimensions of stability and globality rather than internality , holding that attributions of one 's failures to stable and global causes , rather than to internal causes , is associated with hopelessness depression .
thus , while the male portrait at drouot proved to be an exact replica of the portrait of joseph bonnier de la mosson at montpellier ( musée fabre ) by ranc , its female pendant imitated a formula used by rigaud in his portrait of madame " le gendre de villedieu " , thus showing how thin and porous is the boundary between rigaud 's and jean ranc 's styles and how dangerous attributions can sometimes prove !
these attributions have not stood up to the test of time .
modern criticism — with new materials opened up by research — has corrected many of his traditional dates and attributions .
it was , in this view , written long after herodotus ' time , perhaps in the third or fourth centuries ad , when there was apparently an audience for literary pastiches , such as the " letters " of alciphron , and fraudulent attributions , as in the " historia augusta " .
blayney 's revised attributions are discussed and listed in hailey 's dissertation ; they are expected to appear in blayney 's forthcoming book , " the stationers ' company and the printers of london , 1501 " .
also ascribed to him are a " madonna and child " in stuttgart and an " adoration of the magi " in saint - omer , although both attributions have been disputed .
interestingly , those studies that have looked at attributions for hypothetical events have been more supportive of the model , possibly because these studies are more likely to have controlled for event severity .
the healing attributions of eshmun were met with his divine consort astarte ’s fecundating powers , the latter had an annex chapel with a sacred paved pool within the eshmun sanctuary .
attributions of responsibility for a given transgression may have an adverse affect on forgiveness .
" play , attachment , and negative parental attributions : an innovative intervention . " workshop at the american psychological association annual convention , honolulu , hi .
the whole subject must be studied in the book 777 , and the main attributions committed to memory : then when by constant use the system is at last understood — as opposed to being merely memorised — the student will find fresh light break in on him at every turn as he continues to measure every item of new knowledge that he attains by this standard .
in april 2006 the artwatch uk journal published research into ludwig burchard , a scholar who had made many attributions to rubens .
attributions of sculpture to his workshop , mixing late gothic and renaissance formulas , are based on a single documented work originally from the cistercian kaisheim abbey , which was lost in world war ii .
apparently , when political success came , he all but stopped his literary efforts — although he did have two volumes of his plays published ( in 1628 and 1634 ) , perhaps because some of them had been pirated and previously published with false attributions to his theatrical rival félix lope de vega .
these attributions are provisional , and not accepted by all scholars , because the poems themselves are unsigned , and gilbert sometimes provided illustrations for the work of other writers .
that is , a person 's own perceptions or attributions determine the amount of effort the person will engage in activities in the future .
finally , there are questionable or borderline attributions .
these kinds of self - serving attributions seemed to be displayed by positive self - viewers only .
the numerical attributions , such as pex5 , generally refer to the order in which they were first discovered .
tertullian named him as the author of the epistle to the hebrews , but this and other attributions are conjecture .
assessing the actual writer of a text brings questions of pseudepigraphical attributions within the discipline of literary criticism .
there are different attributions of invention in different parts of the world for the bicycle kick , a popular move in football .
attributions of such spectacular works of art to famous sculptors have followed traditional lines : " all the ' big ' names of classical times have been proposed in this connection , " brunilde sismondo ridgeway has written , but she finds it encouraging that at least a few scholars are willing to consider a non - attic , even a ' colonial ' workshop of origin , as contrasted with " the dominant athenocentrism of previous years . "
attributions to witchcraft .
to make definitive attributions is a difficult undertaking .
bredius " won " the argument and many of his attributions still stand today .
the trent codices are unusual for the time in including composer attributions as often as they do ; most music of the era is anonymous , since scribes typically left out the names of composers .
amenemhet v ( alternatively ameny antef iv ) is listed as the third king of the thirteenth dynasty according to the turin canon , although there are no monuments or other attributions for his reign .
thus , any view which maintains that something other than knowledge attributions are context - sensitive is not , strictly speaking , a form of contextualism . ) derose ( 2009 ) responds to recent attacks on contextualism , and argues that contextualism is superior to these recent rivals .
" when writing journalism or scholarly references to the marine corps , its elements , and/or individual marines , the correct attributions might include , " soldiers or sailors and marines " , " members of the u.s. armed forces " , or even simply " troops " , which is an acceptable collective reference .
for example the sephirah hod has the attributions of ; glory , perfect intelligence , the eights of the tarot deck , the planet mercury , the egyptian god thoth , the archangel michael , the roman god mercury and the alchemical element mercury .
in addition to pnfs , nfsv4.1 provides sessions , directory delegation and notifications , multi - server namespace , acl / sacl / dacl , retention attributions , and secinfo_no_name .
in these 17th - century playlists , the accuracy of the authorial attributions never rises above 50% .
other catholics state they find these attributions questionable .
hopelessness theory also emphasizes how perceived importance of a negative outcome , and perceived consequences of a negative outcome , are important as well as causal attributions in relation to clinical depression .
in the past , some researchers have argued that the actual influence of leaders on organizational outcomes is overrated and romanticized as a result of biased attributions about leaders ( meindl & ehrlich , 1987 ) .
people also gain self - knowledge by making attributions for " other people 's " behavior ; for example " if nobody wants to spend time with me it must be because i 'm boring " .
in " the tarot , " case published the hebrew letter attributions of the golden dawn for the first time .
this meticulous work was based on an ability to distinguish between the hands of different painters — an idea then new and untested , and one that opened up the field of connoisseurship that enabled the attributions of italian drawings , which are generally unsigned .
while the music is anonymous , two composers have been identified from the appearance of the same pieces with attributions in other , later sources : maestro piero and giovanni da cascia .
if that were not enough , sometimes the attributions of invention get jumbled , and people begin to attribute the invention of the kick to famous players who performed , but did not claim invention of , the kick such as hugo sánchez from mexico and david arellano from chile .
alternative names and attributions .
attributions to calid .
the french perchman is equivalent to the u.s. boom operator in film production , also called the sound assistant or boomer , but differs regarding attributions .
attributions .
dispositional attributions .
it stands for bald fact , which makes a better starting point in seeking understanding than the familiar attributions of good intention , prejudices about expectations , moral judgment or sheer ignorance of circumstances . "
attributions .
attributions for the sisters ' poems can be found in an exceptional taylor resource : " the taylors of ongar : an analytical bio - bibliography " by christina duff stewart , garland publishing , inc. , new york & london , 1975 .
many believe that deaths are significantly undereported because of false attributions to suicide .
the article " expressed emotion and relapse of psychopathology " details expressed emotion ( ee ) as a construct , the link between expressed emotion and relapse , evidence of causality , attributions and ee , and more information regarding the theory of ee .
" defoe de - attributions :
she has addressed these complex processes in a range of research encompassing education and educational programs , collaborative practices , salary rewards , publication productivity , social attributions and expectations , and academic careers .
a memoir about his life and attributions in black london is entitled , " the interesting narratives of the life of olaudah equiano " .
to some extent , the meaning of a person ’s staring behaviour depends upon the attributions made by the observer .
both the golden dawn and early wicca had their home in the british isles ; traditional attributions derived from the british climate may not appeal to or work for practitioners in other climates .
among its attributions are ensuring that the judicial system remains autonomous , conducting disciplinary proceedings against members of the judiciary , and compiling and publishing statistics on the brazilian court system .
operations such as trial - and - error or isolation of variables strategies that enable a person to decipher the causal relations between things or persons and ensuing causal concepts and attributions belong to this system .
in any event , the constitution declares that the administration of justice is a public function of constitutional range and that its decisions are independent , and he / she gives to c.s.j. the organic same level that you / they have the discharges courts as the supreme court of colombia , the council of state of colombia and the constitutional court of colombia , but it endows it of functions , attributions , abilities and special competitions described directly by the constitution .
he prominently recounted lord raglan 's 22-point scale from his 1936 book " the hero " , in which he ranks figures possessing similar divine attributions .
françois avril of the bnf has been a significant figure in these attributions , the first of which was made in 1977 .
some attributions , such as " titus andronicus " and the early history plays , remain controversial , while " the two noble kinsmen " and the lost " cardenio " have well - attested contemporary documentation .
1996 [ 18 attributions ] africa meets africa : the african collection of the museum of ethnology rotterdam .
the powers and attributions of this council are still unknown , but it has been mentioned that the council played an important role during the succession crisis following the overthrow of emperor gustav vi .
in addition to explaining the emergence of stable relative frequencies , the idea of propensity is motivated by the desire to make sense of single - case probability attributions in quantum mechanics , such as the probability of decay of a particular atom at a particular time .
today , the constitutional existence of the civil police and its attributions elapse of article 144 , iv and 144 § 4° , of the federal constitution .
however , some authors list several later tenth , eleventh , and twelfth century popes as also having issued coins , but these attributions are due mostly to faulty research .
- attributions concerning the institutional cooperation .
its attributions included counterespionage , counterterrorism and more generally the security of france against foreign threats and interference , including economic .
note : there are other pictures in wikipedia : commons ( link below ) , but these are disputed attributions , not accepted by recent catalogues raissonees .
more recently historians have come to doubt such attributions .
christus produced at least six signed and dated works , which form the basis for any other attributions to him .
the term " bias " is typically used to imply that one of the explainers — either the actor or the observer — is biased or incorrect in their causal attributions ( within the framework of dispositional vs. situation causes ) .
though insults are common , and often used in jest , a fundamental axiom of sociology recognizes that derogatory forms of speech make erroneous attributions about the motivation of a person .
with the return of democracy to spain , the mossos d'esquadra grew in number and attributions .
it stands for bald fact , which makes a better starting point in seeking understanding than the familiar attributions of good intention , prejudices about expectations , moral judgment or sheer ignorance of circumstances . "
however , cre ’s attributions are limited since cfe ( federal electricity commission ) and lfc ( central light and power ) are outside its scope .
artists are generally uncredited on little wonder labels , which simply give recordings such general attributions as " band " , " tenor " , " quartette " , or " accordion solo " .
they later went back on some of these attributions , re - naming as anonymous the painters they had formerly named .
he considers that many attributions to later miaphysite authors may be correct , that the liturgy of ignatius of antioch ( joseph ibn wahib ; d. 1304 ) is the latest .
when direct observation assessment becomes treatment : modifying the negative attributions of women victims of domestic violence .
in each of the intervention sessions , the therapist points out parenting strengths , creates a dialogue about what the child may be thinking , feeling , and intending ; and then elicits and discusses with the parent other possible attributions for the child 's behavior .
eight songs in total have been attributed to the vidame , though all but one with conflicting attributions to others .
august derleth 's system of elemental attributions for the entities of the mythos associates hastur , the inhabitant of hali , with the element of air , and this " lake of vapor " may be an attempt to establish the connection .
today , attributions are made on the basis of style , sitter , accepted date , and related documentation such as receipts or bills for payment and inventories of collections or estates .
malle offers a new theoretical framework to give a broader and more comprehensive understanding of attributions of behavior .
the tradition of christmas midnight masses , the celebration of easter on sundays , the keeping of a seven - week lent before easter and the singing of the gloria are usually attributed to his pontificate , but some historians doubt that such attributions are accurate .
attribution theory ( as one part of the larger and more complex heiderian account of social perception ) describes how people come to explain ( make attributions about ) the behavior of others and themselves .
many museums have now become cautious in their attributions .
these international agencies were to assume some of the attributions of nation - states , within the so - called ramification process which involved a constant transfer of functions and authority from states to agencies .
he is especially critical of the mostly anonymous anecdotes and attributions in berger 's book , his reliance on the innuendos and unsubstantiated accusations and excoriations by individuals known for their persistent historical opposition to hassidism in general or " chabad " in particular beyond the context of contemporary controversial issues in lubavitch , noting that material like that is dishonest and devoid of academic value and validity .
attributions .
the main tenet of contextualist epistemology , no matter what account of knowledge it is wedded to , is that knowledge attributions are context - sensitive .
the four " tondi " that contain images of the evangelists above are more of a mystery : vasari wrote that bronzino painted two of them , but his style is so similar to pontormo 's that scholars still debate the specific attributions .
bohr , y. & holigrocki , r. j. ( 2005 ) . " pcia - ii / map treatment manual : modifying attributions of parents intervention . "
he was a critical scholar of alchemical literature , and of islamic science , raising many issues on attributions and sources of the texts , and providing translations .
attributions .
during the intervention sessions , the clinician and parent work together to enhance strengths and recognize and change the parent ’s attributions .
woollard ’s application of flow production beginning in 1923 means that timelines for discoveries and attributions of key accomplishments in lean management must be revised .
in the case of baidu , wikipedia representatives asked the site and its contributors to respect the terms of the licenses and to make proper attributions .
alternative attributions include , among many others ( e.g. , walter bagehot and arthur james balfour ) the radical journalist and politician henry du pré labouchère ( 1831 - 1912 ) , and leonard h. courtney , who used the phrase in 1895 and two years later became president of the royal statistical society .
it has been argued that the attributions were shifted up one line , and that shakespeare was the intended claimed author of arden .
they continue to permit new attributions , such as the late 18th - century table acquired by the getty museum .
despite attributions to andrew bailey of the r.a. bailey company , no such person existed .
his complete works are eighteen : nine attributed in chansonniers , three self - referencing , and six whose attributions are based on modern scholarship ( one of which is held to be mis - attributed in the manuscripts ) .
- attributions regarding the management of the county ’s patrimony .
two choreographies survive in manuscript copies with attributions to beauchamp : the ballroom duet " rigaudons de mr bauchand " , and the theatrical solo for a man " sarabande de mr. de beauchamp " .
langbaine was a friend and confidant of kirkman ; in fact , the strongest criticism mounted against langbaine is that he accepted kirkman 's attributions with too much credulity .
panel icons - these attributions are now controversial
this showed that burchard had been prepared to make false attributions for commercial gain .
a list of works by stone 's relative john stoakes includes some work known not to have been designed by stone , including inigo jones ' banqueting house , whitehall , but permits some attributions , noted below .
his research has also examined the relationship between culture and work behavior , inter - group relations , social behavior , attributions , goal setting , motivation , social exchanges , personality , prejudice , and attitude change .
on the manuscript , three crossed - out attributions in seventeenth century hands attribute it first to thomas goffe , then to william shakespeare , and then to george chapman .
many of the most prominent researchers in the field of psychology ( including jean piaget , william james , sigmund freud , carl jung and lev vygotsky ) have viewed play as endemic to the human species ; indeed , the attributions projected upon an imaginary friend by children are key to understanding the construction of human spirituality and it pantheon(s ) of deification ( and demonization ) .
rabbi eleazar said that since jeremiah and daniel knew that god insists on truth , they did not want to ascribe false attributions to god .
notwithstanding the criticism , these arms were adopted by the flemish community ( decree of 30 march 1988 ) when it took over the attributions of the cultuurraad .
uncertain attributions .
however , in the writing of later members of the kerala school of astronomy and mathematics like nilakantha somayaji and jyeshthadeva one can find unambiguous attributions of these series to madhava .
some of the following attributions , such as the " the two noble kinsmen " , have well - attested contemporary documentation ; others , such as " titus andronicus " , remain more controversial , and are dependent on linguistic analysis by modern scholars ; recent work on computer analysis of textual style ( word use , word and phrase patterns ) has given reason to believe that parts of some of the plays ascribed to shakespeare are actually by other ( unknown ) writers .
other work in experimental epistemology includes , among other things , the examination of moral valence on knowledge attributions ( the so - called " epistemic side - effect effect " ) and judgments about so - called " know - how " as opposed to propositional knowledge .
incorrect attributions .
basing their attributions on giorgio vasari , a significant number of early renaissance sculptures have been associated with pagno 's name since the late nineteenth century , most notably the " madonna and child " at the museo dell'opera del duomo ( " illustration " ) .
- attributions concerning the management of the subordinated public services .
they presented participants with a handicap and then with success of failure feedback and asked participants to make attributions for their performance .
attributions of causality refer to an individual ’s pattern of beliefs relapse to drug use is a result of internal , or rather external , transient causes .
the initials of ruoppolo match those of the younger recco , suggesting some canvas attributions are likely in error .
as a treatment , the pcia - ii is a core part of the modifying attributions of parents map ) cognitive - behavioral therapy intervention ( bohr , 2005 ; bohr & holigrocki , 2005 ) .
tushmalov 's score is often described as dark and restrained in colour , and thus more authentically ' russian ' in its approach to the score than the later , more virtuosic orchestration by ravel . attributions for tushmalov 's setting often read ' tushmalov / rimsky - korsakov ' , even though it is not established that his teacher contributed .
his sons ludovicus and pieter neeffs ii painted similar works , and attributions of their individual hands can be difficult .
but such attributions can only be made with confidence if the signatures of potter and painter are at hand .
there are even attributions to guipuscoans , like a dedication in a chapel of pasaia that gives thanks to our lady of piety because of her support to their alleged participation in this battle .
orvis et al . ( 1975 ) showed that in situations where consensus information is high , people tend to make attributions to the object .
the ministry of health has attributions related to the promotion of rural sanitation .
the signatures are described as post hoc attributions and mnemonics .
individual 19th - century critics attempted to attribute the play to michael drayton or to thomas heywood ; but their attributions have not been judged credible by other scholars .
attributional style has been assessed by the attributional style questionnaire , the expanded attributional style questionnaire , the attributions questionnaire , the real events attributional style questionnaire and the attributional style assessment test .
roxas y patrón opposed to such ideas claiming that they did not have the attributions to decide over all those topics .
it is contested whether the attributions to khalid ibn yazid of alchemical writing are justified .
in addition to explaining the emergence of stable relative frequencies , the idea of propensity is motivated by the desire to make sense of single - case probability attributions in quantum mechanics , such as the probability of decay of a particular atom at a particular time .
however , schuldiner dismissed such attributions by stating , in an interview with metal - rules.com , " i do n’t think i should take the credits for this death metal stuff .
failing genuine control , one coping strategy will be to fall back on defensive attributions of control — leading to illusions of control .
attributions .
the fundamental attribution error is the tendency to make dispositional attributions for behavior .
in addition to its attributions in water resources management , it is also in charge of setting norms for and controlling activities in water supply and sanitation .
the dependency began to properly develop its attributions as being responsible for the internal policy and governability , it institutionalized the national political process in terms of the revolutionary project established by the constitution .
contrary to some inaccurate histories and attributions , john pierpont was not the author of the christmas song “
the ascriptions of at least two songs without competing attributions have been doubted by modern scholars : " chanter m'estuet pour la plus bele " and " chanterai por mon corage " .
other attributions .
article 15 granted executive attributions to urquiza , and named him provisional supreme director of the argentine confederation .
if the attributions are correct , then his / her team receives 1 point .
there are two noted attributions for the name " wisteria . " one , that the botanist thomas nuttall named the genus " wisteria " in honour of dr. caspar wistar ( 1761 - 1818 ) — some call it " wistaria " but the misspelling is conserved under the international code of botanical nomenclature .
in the past , academics have argued for daborne contributions to other plays , such as " the faithful friends , " " rollo duke of normandy " , " cupid 's revenge " , " thierry and theodoret " , and " the honest man 's fortune " ; but these attributions are no longer considered likely .
connoisseurship in the late ming period centered around these items of refined artistic taste , which provided work for art dealers and even underground scammers who made phony imitations of originals and false attributions to works of art .
( e.g. topic , accent ) and ( 5 ) “ labelling and attributions ” .
self - serving attributions are explanations for one 's own successes that credit internal , dispositional factors and explanations for one 's failures that blame external , situational factors .
emotions are a kind of message and therefore can influence the emotions , attributions and ensuing behaviors of others , potentially evoking a feedback process to the original agent .
probably by 1462 he was apprenticed to fra filippo lippi ; many of his early works have been attributed to the elder master , and attributions continue to be uncertain .
there was consensus that the triptych was indeed an early work of el greco and , therefore , pallucchini 's publication became the yardstick for attributions to the artist .
in 1672,the by now stadtholder william ii of orange , later king william iii " orange " of england appointed lodewijck as sheriff of gorinchem , gorkum , but soon , lodewijck got trapped in a dispute with gorkum town civil authorities about his sole appointment to a high position in the area related to the magistrates leading to a dispute connected with jacob van der ulft attributions .
in psychoanalytic technique , blechner has developed the progressive approach of sandor ferenczi ’s “ mutual analysis ” by proposing that psychoanalysts consider the attributions of patients seriously without prematurely foreclosing on the question of whether or not the patient is projecting .
despite early attributions of the presence to drug - induced mass hysteria , it soon becomes clear that it is a physical phenomenon capable of being recorded on video and film .
but if one is a " realist " about mental states , then why not say that we can actually individuate them and therefore that instrumentalist attributions are just a short - term strategy ?
primary documentation for attributions comes from the venetian collector marcantonio michiel .
