leahy and kennedy also asserted that attorney general gonzales " admitted " at a press conference on december 19 , 2005 , that the administration did not seek to amend fisa to authorize the nsa spying program because it was advised that " it was not something we could likely get . "
during his final year as state senator , however , farley did attempt to enact legislation to authorize a referendum that would legalize gambling in atlantic city .
torturers , and those who authorize torture , could be held to account for excesses .
481 urging the president of the united states to authorize the return of the church bells .
most states authorize the wear of other states ' awards if a soldier has earned awards from a state or territory to which he or she is not presently assigned .
it would not be contended that it extends so far as to authorize what the constitution forbids , or a change in the character of the government , or in that of one of the states , or a cession of any portion of the territory of the latter , without its consent .
the council gathered a thousand churchmen to authorize a tax on their annual incomes , the " albigensian tenth " , to support the crusade , though permanent reforms intended to fund the papacy in perpetuity foundered .
the commission vote to authorize staff to file the modified stipulated final judgment and order was 5 - 0 .
amended the rivers and harbors act of 1970 to authorize continued deposition of dredged materials into a contained spoil disposal facility in the great lakes until such facility is no longer needed or that it is completely full .
the authors of dramatic works ( plays , etc . ) also have the right to authorize the public performance of their works ( art . 11 , berne convention ) .
many routes required beneficial pruning , but the icc delayed action by an average of eight months and when it did authorize modifications , the icc insisted that unsuccessful routes be merged with profitable ones .
however , the section was not without controversy , as james x. dempsey , the executive director of the center for democracy & technology , argued that a few months after the patriot act was passed the intelligence authorization act was also passed that had the unintended effect of seeming to authorize “ john doe ” roving taps — fisa orders that identify neither the target nor the location of the interception ( see the patriot debates , james x. dempsey debates paul rosenzweig on section 206 ) .
69 : congress , pursuant to the war powers resolution , must authorize any troop deployments more than 60 days in length .
the respondents argued that the statute violated the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment , noting that a patient , while still enjoying the right to refuse treatment when terminally ill , did not enjoy the right to authorize a doctor to end their life .
however , when ripley suggests they take off and nuke the site from orbit , burke says he can not authorize that kind of action , and the site has a substantial dollar value attached to it .
in late 2003 , with the retirement of concorde , there was renewed interest from several wealthy individuals who wanted to use the tu-144ll for a transatlantic record attempt ; but stephens advised them of the high cost of a flight readiness overhaul even if military authorities would authorize the use of nk-321 engines outside russian federation airspace .
in the netherlands , like in germany , an account holder can authorize a company to collect direct debit payments , without notifying the bank .
the title keeper of the seals or equivalent is used in several contexts , denoting the person entitled to keep and authorize use of the great seal of a given country .
a flashpoint came on november 17 , 2005 , when representative john murtha , a vietnam combat veteran who voted to authorize the war and is widely regarded as an ardent supporter of the military , introduced a resolution calling for u.s. forces in iraq to be " redeployed at the earliest practicable date " to stand as a quick - reaction force in u.s. bases in neighboring countries such as kuwait .
the mayor of moscow , yuri luzhkov said on several occasions that he will not authorize any public action of gays in the streets of the russian capital .
the legislation would grant the federal communications commission the authority to authorize a technology known as the " broadcast flag " .
" the court conceded , " true , the evidence shows that the sheriff requested the governor to send a company of the state militia to protect the defendant , and that prompt orders to this end were given and carried out , and that they were present during the proceedings ; but this , without more , is not enough to authorize the granting of the motion . "
on a submarine , both the commanding officer and executive officer must agree that the order to launch is valid , and then mutually authorize the launch with their operations personnel .
on june 12 , union members voted to authorize a strike in the event negotiations failed .
a partnership in the people 's republic of china is a business entity governed by the passed by order of the president of the people 's republic of china to authorize and govern partnership enterprises .
in a lengthy senate speech , john kerry detailed his reasons for voting to authorize the president to go to war with iraq .
berkeley had refused to authorize retaliation against the natives .
the incident team meets regularly to review status reports and to authorize specific remedies .
the provisions of the international constitution that required a two thirds vote of the membership to authorize any strike action and that gave the international president the power to withhold strike benefits if he believed that a local union had struck prematurely , it also divided its members into separate unions along craft or industry lines : ice wagon drivers in one local , produce drivers in another , milk drivers in a third , and so forth .
once this work is done , the project board is asked to authorize the next stage , that of initiating the project .
additionally , civilian and uniformed military lawyers said provisions in several federal statutes , including the fiscal year 2000 defense department authorization act , public law 106 - 65 , permits the secretary of defense to authorize military forces to support civilian agencies , including the federal bureau of investigation , in the event of a national emergency , especially any involving nuclear , chemical , or biological weapons .
after the secession of southern states began , the newly elected governor of missouri called upon the legislature to authorize a state constitutional convention on secession .
the petition demands that the prime minister not authorize the transfer of information regarding the diplomats until such time as reliable and detailed information is received about the missing jews ' fate .
smith comes up with legislation that would authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys ' camp , to be paid back by youngsters across america .
on 2 january 1794 , by a narrow margin of 46–44 , the house of representatives voted to authorize building a navy and formed a committee to determine the size , cost and type of ships to be built .
pryce has been criticized by environmental organizations for what they see as a pattern of anti - environment votes , such as her support for legislation to make the united states environmental protection agency‎ a cabinet department , to expedite forest thinning projects , and to de - authorize critical habitat designated by the endangered species act .
from the humane society court case — nmfs 's decision to authorize the killing of these animals is impossible to reconcile with : ( 1 ) nmfs 's 2005 decision finding that fishermen 's annual take of up to 17 percent of listed salmon is not significant and has only ' minimal adverse effects on listed salmonid esus in the columbia river basin ; ' ( 2 ) the states ' 2008 decision to increase fishing quotas from 9 percent to 12 percent of the total spring run ; and ( 3 ) nmfs 's 2007 decision finding that hydroelectric dam take up to 60 percent of listed juvenile salmonids and up to 17 percent of listed adult salmonids ' meet[s ] or exceed[s ] the objectives of doing no harm and contributing to recovery with respect to the esus . ' "
they authorize official wgi - sanctioned regional competitions that are used as qualifier competitions to be accepted to compete at wgi world championships ( nationals ) later in the current winter guard season .
following the committee 's june 2009 meeting , hammons held a town hall meeting with the american legion to formally request the city council authorize the display of the national league of families mia flag at the muskogee civic center .
count benedetti intercepted me on the promenade and ended by demanding of me in a very importunate manner that i should authorize him to telegraph at once that i bound myself in perpetuity never again to give my consent if the hohenzollerns renewed their candidature .
due to the rising inflation , he was forced to refuse a return to the metallic conversion , and to authorize a new emission of paper money .
1973 – chamber establishes energy task force to help community deal with energy crisis , endorses referendum to allow sales of mixed beverages in counties that authorize such sales , and endorses the concept of a joint governmental complex to serve city and county .
transaction that took place on 12 december 1583 between church and community leaders of visso … amongst other things , the way that the expenses towards the maintenance of the church people in service in macereto were dealt with , their rights and duties , the responsibilities of the priori for all expenses – which they could not authorize without orders and planning from the architects , failure to do so would have resulted in them being held responsible with their own belongings – all came under strict regulations . ” ( venanzangeli p32 )
the council is composed of 50 members and is empowered to authorize all decisions relevant to the town ’s tax rate , budget , annual report , and credit .
for example , in english , a ticket can provide entrance to a movie theater , authorize a bus or train ride , or can be given to you by a police officer for exceeding the posted speed limit .
the " milchemet reshut " has not been applied or used since then ; because the jewish people have neither a king nor universally recognized sanhedrin , there is no religious authority to authorize a " milchemet reshut " .
his first initiative as a u.s. senator was to propose an unsuccessful constitutional amendment to more explicitly authorize the federal government to adopt laws that protect civil rights from violations by private citizens , to nullify the supreme court 's ruling two months earlier in the " civil rights cases , " 109 u.s. 3 ( 1883 ) .
while jandek himself does not appear in the movie ( except in the form of the pictures on many of his album covers and in excerpts from the only phone interview he has ever done in his career , with musician and writer john trubee for " spin magazine " in 1985 ) , he did authorize and endorse the project through corwood industries ( any correspondence to the artist is usually signed " corwood " rather than " jandek " ) , allow the filmmakers to use whatever recordings from his discography they saw fit , and suggest people that could be interviewed for the documentary .
after voting against a same - sex marriage bill in the new york state assembly , hikind noted that same - sex marriage can lead to the acceptance of incest , maintaining that , " if we authorize gay marriage in the state of new york , those who want to live and love incestuously will be five steps closer to achieving their goals as well . "
net sells its services to merchants both directly and indirectly through re - sellers , and a merchant wishing to use authorize .
marcus explains this constant journeying beyond the capital " to prove that the government could not function without him and to force the ministers to authorize his immediate coronation . "
aware that many haitians did not speak french , he was the first president to authorize the use of creole in the education system .
authorize , settle , sale , credit order , etc ) to a payments processor or
company commanders may authorize soldiers to purchase , register , and/or possess a privately owned vehicle ( pov ) once soldiers complete 21 weeks of training .
surayud and aot chairman general saprang kalayanamitr refused to authorize urgent repairs on the airport tarmac , despite warnings from engineers .
on amazon.com , jacoby shaddix wrote a review of the ep encouraging fans not to buy the ep because they did not authorize the re - release and do not make money off of the sales of the ep .
like christie , macarthur was taking it upon himself to authorize the decorations rather than to go through standard review procedures .
early in the administration of president franklin delano roosevelt , on june 15 , 1933 , congress passed an act to authorize the coinage of silver half dollars " in commemoration of the one hundredth anniversary in 1936 of the independence of texas , and of the noble and heroic sacrifices of her pioneers , whose revered memory has been an inspiration to her sons and daughters during the past century . " this was the first of over two dozen commemorative bills that would become reality during roosevelt 's tenure .
only then did stalin authorize zhukov to stop the offensive and fend off german flanking forces .
likewise , the double eagle was specifically created as such by name ( " an act to authorize the coinage of gold dollars and double eagles " , title and section 1 , march 3 , 1849 ) .
his adversaries sustained that the constitution gives autonomy to the judicial branch and does not authorize congress to interfere in the judiciary by removing or nominating judges .
in a motion to parliament entitled " strong measures against narcotics " ( " krafttag mot narkotika " ; ) she supported among other things life time imprisonment for narcotics crimes , allowing the police the take urine and blood samples from small children to promote early detection of drug abuse and to authorize the police to routinely induce vomiting in individuals suspected of having swallowed narcotics ; the proposals were voted down by parliament .
between 1989 and 1993 , four successive ministers of justice refused to authorize executions , which amounted to an informal moratorium .
proposition g would allow the city to authorize the health services board to establish health plans for city residents .
however , if the central valley flood protection board , which is responsible for monitoring california reclamation districts , determines that a local district is not adequately maintaining its levee system , the board has the power to authorize the california department of water resources to establish a " maintenance area " and essentially take responsibility of the levee .
it took some time for a republican federal judge in new orleans to order that kellogg and the republican - majority legislature were to be seated , and for grant to authorize u.s. army troops to protect kellogg 's government .
in some caribbean countries which still authorize execution , the judicial committee of the privy council is the ultimate court of appeal .
in a case involving the creation of the national recovery administration called " a.l.a. schechter poultry corp. v. united states " , 295 u.s. 495 ( 1935 ) , congress could not authorize the president to formulate codes of " fair competition .
proposition 39 would authorize bonds for repair , construction or replacement of school facilities and classrooms , if approved by 55% of the local vote .
the initial bipartisan response from congress was skeptical : house democrats refused to authorize an inquiry , and senate republicans denied a $ 600,000 appropriation for a probe .
it held that while congress had broad lawmaking authority under the commerce clause , the power was limited , and did not extend so far from " commerce " as to authorize the regulation of the carrying of handguns , especially when there was no evidence that carrying them affected the economy on a massive scale .
in the united states , new mexico and louisiana , and several branches of the u.s. uniformed services currently authorize medical psychologists to prescribe medications .
the australian high commission does not authorize any agents but supports an agents’ association aaeri ( the association of australian education representatives in india ) .
because both records are valid dns responses , they authorize the sandboxed script to access hosts inside the private network .
the minister and cdf have the power to authorize the formation , disbandment and limits on the number of units , appoint cadet officers , and determine policy .
an act to authorize the board of supervisors of the city and county of san francisco to take and subscribe one million dollars to the capital stock of the western pacific rail road company and the central pacific rail road company of california and to provide for the payment of the same and other matters relating thereto " ( which was later amended by section five of the " compromise act " of april 4 , 1864 ) .
that the president [ ... ] can not suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus , nor authorize a military officer to do it .
in ontario , legislation to allow pharmacists to authorize refills without consulting the prescribing physician , administer the injection or inhalation of certain drugs , alter dosage forms , be able to prescribe certain medications and perform subdermal procedures is currently in the enactment process , having passed its second reading .
by way of example , such a license might authorize a licensee to manufacture patented engines only for incorporation into trucks , or to manufacture a chemical only for sale to farmers ( as contrasted with home gardeners ) .
the king may grant clemency in accordance with the law , however the king may not authorize a general pardon of government ministers who have been found criminally liable or guilty of treason by the criminal article of the supreme court , according to articles 62 and 102 .
authorize .
many countries have formed accreditation bodies to authorize certification bodies , which audit organizations applying for iso 9001 compliance certification .
to authorize the secretary of the treasury to order any individual or organization in the united states to deliver any gold that they possess or have custody of to the treasury in return for " any other form of coin or currency coined or issued under the laws of the united states " .
" he is prepared to ask the virginia house of burgesses to authorize him to offer a pro - independence resolution .
on july 26 , 1813 , during the war of 1812 with the united kingdom , the united states congress passed " an act to authorize the raising [ of ] a corps of sea fencibles ... not to exceed one year [ service ] , and not to exceed ten companies who may employed for the defense of the ports and harbors of the united states ... "
hatanaka then used general mori 's official stamp to authorize imperial guards division strategic order no .
cantwell detailed six specific areas where her questions and concerns were as yet unanswered at the time of her vote to authorize war , i.e. , " first : continued multilateral approach ...
they authorize and cancel the leave of operation for automotive repair shops , exert the control and monitoring of transport companies and dictate standard use of routes , allowed speeds , signaling , zones of parking , zones of loading and unloading and initiate investigations into infractions and crimes related to transit .
during this session a law forbidding the sale of firearms and supplies to native americans was repealed , and a law was passed to authorize the minting of gold coins .
the paper printed photographs of letters on official ministry letterhead that purported to show that boulin had tried to get government representatives in the region to authorize construction of 26 houses in an area where buildings were barred for environmental reasons , and that boulin tried to get henri tournet , the property developer at the center of the scandal , promoted to the legion of honor .
in 1914 , the name of the society was changed by deleting the word " animals " in its ' title , and the law was changed to authorize the society to have all the powers which are vested in the children 's aid society under the provisions of the children 's protection act ; although , in 1906 the nova scotia department of social services took over the actual care of helpless persons .
this bill also has a " sister resolution " , resolution 580 , introduced on june 2 , 2008 , that is similar but asserts " that nothing in this resolution shall be construed to authorize the use of force against iran " .
he introduced a bill that would have required hunters to have permission of homeowners before firing weapons on private property and within of someone 's home , and after that was rejected by a house subcommittee , he introduced a bill to authorize local governments to regulate hunting .
justice samuel alito , writing for the majority , ruled that idea does not authorize the payment of the experts ' fees of the prevailing parents .
the fcc granted the station a new construction permit to authorize this change on february 16 , 2006 .
in 2007 , murphy co - sponsored legislation that would re - authorize a federal ban on semi - automatic firearms .
after the refusal of the soviet authorities to authorize the formation of a distinct jewish communist party , rafes , like other former bundists esther frumkin , alexander chemerinsky and rakhmiel veinshtain , finally joined the upper echelons of the yevsektsiya , the jewish section of the soviet communist party ( cpsu ) .
grapevine citizens voted 8,058 - 2,898 on november 7 , 2006 to levy a full cent sales tax , of which three - eights of a cent would authorize grapevine to contract with the t for rail service and another 1/8 cent for other transit improvements , like a downtown parking garage .
he requested the legislature to authorize general militia forces and fund a volunteer expedition into the ohio river valley .
the ballot - approved law fails to specifically authorize the governor to appoint , though the legislative law does .
as in the past , the permits authorize the hopi to take up to 40 golden eaglets .
likewise , the double eagle was specifically created as such by name ( " an act to authorize the coinage of gold dollars and double eagles " , title and section 1 , march 3 , 1849 ) .
the charges are dropped however , as the nixon administration is about to authorize a massive new air war campaign against hanoi , “ linebacker ii ” .
in the early 1950s , supporters of douglas macarthur began to petition the united states government to authorize a " promotion " to the rank of general of the armies .
one of the main questions in the lead - up to the war was whether the united nations security council would authorize military intervention in iraq .
the department of justice did not authorize the subpoena requests because the language of the subpoena violated the department 's guidelines for a subpoena request , rather than recognition of any reporter / source privilege .
the fcc granted a new construction permit to authorize these changes on september 18 , 1985 , and , after one extension , the station received its license to cover these changes on january 16 , 1987 .
a bill , h.r. 3000 , sponsored by representatives dana rohrabacher and tom lantos and senators claiborne pell and jesse helms , to authorize the memorial passed unanimously on december 17 , 1993 and was signed into law by president bill clinton , becoming public law 103 - 199 section 905 .
the resultant information can be put before the project board for them to authorize the project itself .
org may provide updates , patches and/or new versions of the software from time to time , including automatic updates that will be installed on your computer , with notice to you , as needed to continue to use the services , and you hereby authorize such installations . "
in 2001 , the fcc ruled to preserve the itfs spectrum for education and further modified the rules to authorize the use of the spectrum in mobile operations and voice communications .
it is significant as the only case allowing congress to use an article i power to authorize individuals to sue states .
since 1985 the u.s. congress has refused to authorize payment of the u.s. dues , in order to force un compliance with u.s. wishes , as well as a reduction in the u.s. assessment .
congress did not authorize one for ballston spa until 1931 , as part of an early relief program at the outset of the great depression .
according to the protesters , the local council of sector 5 had repeatedly refused to authorize their reconnection to the grid .
but the task does authorize the use of a robot assistant , and coincidentally enough , floyd , a beloved companion revived at the end of " planetfall " , is one of the choices .
at no time did jesus authorize exposing faults to anyone else .
austin traveled to mexico city and managed to persuade the " junta instituyente " to authorize the grant to his father , as well as the law signed by the spanish emperor on january 3 , 1823 .
justice clement of the supreme court of b.c. quashed the deportation orders on march 24 , 1908 , after he found the regulation to be invalid , as the immigration act did not authorize the delegation of decision making to the minister of the interior , as stated in the regulation .
at castle , beckman refuses to authorize a rescue operation and instead orders the team to stand down for the diplomats .
oregon was the first u.s. state to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of cannabis , and among the first to authorize its use for medical purposes .
a local can authorize chapters of the same name at other campuses .
in november 2004 , voters rejected a ballot measure to authorize a third sale of the land .
as the montevideo treaty is a " framework treaty " , by subscribing to it , the governments of the member countries authorize their representatives to legislate through agreements on the economic issues of greatest importance to each country .
despite the fact that the rmp indicated that it would be possible to authorize a catch that year , the moratorium was not lifted .
it , however , became further used as a legal term when william j. brennan , a justice of the united states supreme court , used it in a judicial decision ( " lamont v. postmaster general " ) which required a postal patron receiving " communist political propaganda " to specifically authorize the delivery .
the english spelling reform based on interspel envisages an " international english spelling commission " to monitor research and authorize testing and implementation of findings .
( in certain circumstances , dispatchers will authorize more than one piece of equipment -- usually in the case of track maintenance vehicles -- into the same block .
the governing body of the do is currently debating whether to authorize bruñal and bastardillo chico ( red ) , and puesta en cruz ( white ) .
the springer amendment was immediately added to the indian appropriation act of 1889 to authorize settlement under the provisions of the homestead act of 1862 .
the united states proposed a un security council draft resolution to authorize the deployment of a multi - national stabilization force , and 200 marines as well as warships were sent to monrovia 's airport to support the peace - keeping effort .
for almost immediately mitchell was asked to authorize liddy 's suddenly large requests for money [ at creep ] .
nuclear briefcase is a specially outfitted briefcase used to authorize the use of nuclear weapons .
also on march 16 , 2006 , senator arlen specter ( r - pa ) introduced the national security surveillance act of 2006 ( ) , which would amend fisa to grant retroactive amnesty for warrantless surveillance conducted under presidential authority and provide fisa court ( fisc ) jurisdiction to review , authorize , and oversight " electronic surveillance programs . "
sprague promptly began to plead for assistance from halsey who had promised to organize a heavy protective group , task force 34 ( tf 34 ) , but neglected to authorize or detach it before turning north to follow the decoys .
despite former conventions , in an assembly held at melun in december 1230 , he compelled several lords to sign an agreement not to authorize jews to make any loan .
this state of affairs prompted charles b. macdonald of the chicago golf club to call for the creation of a national governing body to authorize an official national championship , and the amateur golf association of the united states , which was soon to be renamed the united states golf association , was formed on 22 december of that year .
modifies the tennessee - tombigbee waterway wildlife mitigation project , alabama and mississippi , to authorize removal of the wildlife mitigation purpose designation from up to of such project 's land , and to take related actions .
marshall 's brief argued that the state constitution did not authorize the establishment of unelected government bodies with the authority to impose and collect taxes .
magoon drafted a new report which came to precisely the opposite conclusion from the first : the constitution did not apply in new territories until the united states congress specifically passed legislation to authorize it .
a us department of defense interim rule ( effective 16 june 2006 ) revises dod instruction 3020.41 to authorize contractors , other than private security contractors , to use deadly force against enemy armed forces only in self - defense .
during the american civil war , the government of the united states recognized that the rapidly expanding navy was in need of admirals therefore , on july 16 , 1862 congress proceeded to authorize the appointment of nine officers to the rank of rear admiral , making flag officer david glasgow farragut the first hispanic - american to be appointed said grade .
" perpich v. department of defense " , 496 u.s. 334 ( 1990 ) , was a case decided by the united states supreme court concerning the militia clauses of article i , section 8 , of the united states constitution in which the court held that the congress of the united states may authorize members of the national guard of the united states to be ordered to active federal duty for purposes of training outside the united states without either the consent of a state governor or the declaration of a national emergency .
montalvo who had flown to afghanistan at his own expense because the department of defense would not authorize him to help aid jawad arrival , said : " it 's still not over until he can walk free , but he is almost there .
such laws often authorize the state to seize money earned from such a deal and use it to compensate the criminal 's victims .
users can create a channel , authorize their webcam and start broadcasting to the public .
octroi ( o. fr . " octroyer " , to grant , authorize ; lat . " auctor " ) is a local tax collected on various articles brought into a district for consumption .
virginia remained under military control until 1869 , since the union commander , general john m. schofield , refused to authorize a vote on the constitution drafted by a radical convention .
the " activex installer service " is an optional component included with the business , enterprise and ultimate editions that provides a method for network administrators in a domain to authorize the installation and upgrade of specific activex controls while operating as a standard user .
on the issue of the iraq war , on october 11 , 2002 cantwell voted in favor of the joint resolution to authorize the use of united states armed forces against iraq .
at risk are web applications that perform actions based on input from trusted and authenticated users without requiring the user to authorize the specific action .
in 1946 , the voters amended the state constitution to authorize $ 100 million in public funds to enable veterans to buy land .
on june 15 , 2006 , after consulting with north dakota attorney general wayne stenehjem , the board of higher education elected 8 - 0 to authorize stenehjem to sue the ncaa for penalizing the und over its fighting sioux nickname and logo .
on the basis of that referendum , the session of the oblast soviet of nagorno - karabakh adopted the appeals to the supreme soviets of the ussr , azerbaijan and armenia , asking them to authorize the secession of karabakh from azerbaijan and its attachment to armenia .
fearing that the qur'an may be lost or corrupted , umar requested the caliph abu bakr to authorize the compilation and preservation of the book in written format .
in january 2006 , reed introduced a bill to authorize scholastic teaching of the textbook " the bible and its influence " by the non - partisan , ecumenical bible literacy project .
luther saw it as a compendium or expression of his theology and faith , which he used to authorize his correspondence .
in the mid - fifteenth century , basil ii began forbidding other rus princes from receiving the yarlyk from tatar khans , thus establishing the right of the moscow grand prince to authorize local princely rule .
as president pro tempore , mellow was the first lawmaker to authorize the use of television cameras on the state senate floor to broadcast live senate sessions .
by the time " central virginia community college v. katz " came up for review , a majority of the justices on the supreme court had suggested congress could never authorize individuals to sue a state pursuant to its article i powers , including the bankruptcy power . " seminole tribe v. florida " .
an example of this was the so - called " jap hunting license " , a faux - official document , button or medallion that purported to authorize " open season " on " hunting " the japanese , despite the fact that over a quarter of a million americans at that time were of japanese origin .
on the other hand , a few years after the passage of the act congress repealed the provisions requiring a vote by workers to authorize a union shop , when it became apparent that workers were approving them in virtually every case .
the inca could even authorize the complete annihilation of a city or ethnic group in the case of a rebellion ( as was the case with the pastos ) .
kefalas also sponsored a bill to authorize local pilot tests of ranked choice voting methods .. kefalas sponsored a bill to establish a colorado housing investment fund , but withdrew the bill when proponents moved forward with a similar ballot initiative .
the current constitution has been amended twice : to authorize the georgia lottery , and to prohibit recognition of same - sex marriage .
amendments were made to the resource conservation and recovery act of 1976 ( rcra ) , during 1984 : these amendments provide for the management of legitimate hazardous waste storage or destruction facilities and authorize atsdr to conduct public health assessments at these sites when the agency is requested to do so by the united states environmental protection agency ( epa ) , states , or individuals .
despite the protests of legal and medical experts from several countries , straw finally ruled , in march 2000 , to set free pinochet and authorize his free return to chile .
he persuaded the legislature to authorize a one - million pound loan for public works that were never undertaken .
the overall purpose of the law is to authorize funding for the defense of the united states and its interests abroad , for military construction , and for national security - related energy programs .
on november 19 , 2007 , employees voted to authorize strike action along with the rest of the guild .
the song government founded a specialized government department to issue , print , authorize cash , and handle with those fake banknotes and fake money , especially those fake paper ones .
the federal reserve system can authorize as much paper money as it sees fit , but the u.s. treasury is restricted by law to a certain maximum amount of coinage in circulation .
in 2002 , the u.s. congress passed the american servicemembers ' protection act ( aspa ) , which contained a number of provisions , including prohibitions on the u.s. providing military aid to countries which had ratified the treaty establishing the court ( exceptions granted ) , and permitting the president to authorize military force to free any u.s. military personnel held by the court , leading opponents to dub it the " hague invasion act . "
hill shortly began trafficking in drugs ; burke was soon involved in this new enterprise , even though the lucchese crime family — with whom they were associated — did not authorize any of its members to deal in drugs .
in 1822 , a bill to authorize the collection of tolls on the cumberland road had been vetoed by the president .
opposition in congress to chinese immigration led president rutherford b. hayes to authorize james burrill angell to renegotiate the treaty in 1880 .
per the agreement , txdot would receive between 4.65% and 50% of toll revenues depending on the performance of the facility , with a smaller share due to txdot if txdot does not authorize posting of daytime speed limits of or higher along the route .
he voted in 2002 to authorize the iraq war and in support of an $ 87 billion iraq war supplemental spending bill .
a common misperception about authorize .
the order gave the board explicit power to authorize , upon a showing by a substantial number of employees , representational elections to determine majority status .
campbell opposed carcetti 's efforts to authorize a pay increase for the commissioner position .
on appeal , the ninth circuit court of appeals overturned the district court 's ftca decision , ruling that the dea could not authorize a citizen 's arrest of alvarez - machain in another country and was therefore liable .
the local military commander , colonel juan davis bradburn , believed that only the federal government had the authority to grant titles in the area near the coast , and that as the representative of the federal government he was the only individual who could authorize surveys of the land .
however in the turn to parade for portela , bambã did not authorize that the other two ( heitor and cartola ) , for not being from the school and not being correctly dressed , would parade .
all licenses , however , authorize the holder to bring one 's firearms to shooting ranges for target practice , and to use one 's firearms for home or property protection .
she voted to authorize the use of military force in iraq in 2002 and has stated that she is a supporter of the patriot act .
that year harrison had the appointed territorial legislature authorize indenturing .
this is a clear indication of a conflict between the two organisations over which of them is entitled to authorize amateur competitions at world level .
" other info came from company profile with written consent from their branch manager in banate to authorize me to publish their company profile in part or in whole under gfdl as long as this encyclopedic entry remains accurate and true
the security service provides mechanisms that can be used by ais services to authenticate ais service ( and potentially other ) client processes within the cluster and to authorize them to perform particular activities .
in justice scalia 's view , the government conceded that the federal magistrates act did not authorize the magistrate 's involvement in peretz 's jury selection , as justice marshall observed .
in 1972 , the crtc said it was prepared to receive licence applications in order to authorize a third commercial television service in quebec , although it was not until 1974 when the crtc granted licences to télé inter - cité québec ltée . to operate tv stations in montreal and in quebec city .
after initially stating that the crimean port of sevastopol could be held for a long time even if crimea fell , he changed his mind and managed to persuade hitler to authorize a retreat from the black sea port .
drastic cuts to via rail 's funding in the 1989 federal budget saw minister of transport benoît bouchard authorize the abandonment of 55% of via 's service , including the " evangeline " , effective january 15 , 1990 .
on april 18 , 1892 , the board of trustees voted to " authorize the faculty to make all the arrangements for the packing and removal of college property at hanover to durham . "
the legislature passed a bill in 1883 under governor jarvis 's prompting , to authorize the construction on burke square of raleigh 's third official gubernatorial residence .
authorize .
in 1924 , congress attempted to pass a constitutional amendment that would authorize a national child labor law .
in 2009 , the diocese of niagara in southwestern ontario became the second diocese to authorize the blessing of same - sex unions when bishop michael bird approved a gender - neutral rite for the blessing of civil marriages .
singer has been the sponsor of various economic development measures , including bills to assist biotechnology and computer software firms , and to authorize the creation of urban enterprise zones in the district .
his name was referenced in dvd commentary , but was bleeped because the person did not authorize permission to use their name .
only a minority of us police departments now issue or authorize use of the.38 special revolver as a standard duty weapon , most having switched to the higher capacity and quicker to reload semi - automatic pistols in 9 mm parabellum.357 sig.40 s&w.45 acp or.45 gap .
he recommended legislation to authorize a second assistant secretary of war and recommended a constabulary force for cuba , puerto rico , and the philippines .
they passed legislation to authorize the railroad , and created financing in the form of government railroad bonds .
despite the fact that commissioners gave the spanish king positive reports on the steam ship experiment , the royal treasurer ( finance minister ) , unimpressed by the cost , practicality and safety deficiencies refused to authorize the continuance of the project .
alvin york refused to authorize a movie about his life unless gary cooper portrayed him .
in " santa fe independent school dist . v. doe " ( 2000 ) , the court ruled that a vote of the student body could not authorize student - led prayer prior to school events .
all medals except the macedonian nato medal have corresponding campaign clasps , however some militaries ( such as the united states ) prohibit the wearing of the medal with a clasp and instead authorize service stars .
on december 3 , 2009 , representative donna edwards introduced , the " green infrastructure for clean water act of 2009 . " the bill would create " centers of excellence " for green infrastructure ( gi ) research , establish a gi program at epa and authorize issuance of grants for gi projects .
originally , there had been plans to extend the parkway to nearby fire island , and two attempts were made to authorize construction .
the charter concluded with a final agreement of the king to authorize the stated colonists to practice their duties as outlined in the paragraphs above .
but even if one believes that the foreign intelligence surveillance court of review , and attorney general levi and attorney general bell , and people like myself , are all wrong in concluding that the fisa act did not limit the president 's constitutional authority to authorize the nsa program , there is no basis for the congress to consider " censure " of the president .
the androids are about to authorize the request , but lt .
bradburn believed that only the federal government had the authority to grant titles in the area near the coast , and that as the representative of the federal government he was the only individual who could authorize surveys of the land .
on april 7 , 2009 , the prince george ’s county council voted to outline its concern to the maryland general assembly about a proposed state legislation that would authorize a feasibility study for the new stadium .
in order to pressure voters into defeating hamel , duplessis refused to authorize the construction of a new bridge between shawinigan and shawinigan - sud .
the cabinet 's refusal to authorize even limited military actions for the defence of the de - militarized åland islands before the war and , even more significant , the waters between åland and stockholm made sandler 's resignation unavoidable , although somewhat postponed due to the tense international situation .
such an amnesty law may also authorize the president to designate individuals who have committed certain categories of crimes to be offered amnesty , if certain conditions are met .
even a brief perusal of the atomic energy act reveals that , despite its comprehensiveness , it does not at any point expressly require the states to construct or authorize nuclear powerplants or prohibit the states from deciding , as an absolute or conditional matter , not to permit the construction of any further reactors .
the breeder must authorize any actions taken in propagating the new variety , including selling and marketing , importing and exporting , keeping stock of , and reproducing .
in 1951 they were able to authorize test borings in the riverbed to see if a bridge was feasible .
the court rejected springer 's argument that the 1864 act did not authorize the sale by the tax collector .
the ins was also given the authority to authorize overtime payments of up to an extra us$ 30,000 a year to ins employees .
again in 1984 , amendments were adopted to freeze target prices , authorize paid land
within two weeks of the arrival of these first six sets , the eighth command gave permission for them to area bomb a city using h2x and would continue to authorize , on average , about one such attack a week until the end of the war in europe .
on march 16 , 2006 , i introduced legislation to authorize the foreign intelligence surveillance court to rule on the constitutionality of the administration 's electronic surveillance program .
an individual may hold only one pilot certificate at one time ; that certificate may authorize multiple privilege levels distinguished by aircraft category , class or type .
since theodore roosevelt could not yet promote pershing , he petitioned the united states congress to authorize a diplomatic posting , and pershing was stationed as military attaché in tokyo in 1905 .
when an individual first uses a healthvault application , they are asked to authorize the application to access a specific set of data types , and those data types are the only ones the application can use .
in 1875 , queen 's became a free hospital , abandoning the previous system whereby the hospital 's financial supporters issued " subscriber 's tickets " to authorize treatment .
tickets can authorize the bearer to travel a set itinerary at a specific time ( common for long - distance railroads ) , a set itinerary at any time ( common for commuter railroads ) , a set itinerary at multiple times , or an arbitrary itinerary at specific times .
in april 1927 , michigan governor fed green signed act 89 , which stated that " an annual state fair at the city of escanaba , which shall have for its main purpose the exploiting , and encouragement of improved methods in agriculture and industrial pursuits i hereby authorize . "
judge william paterson ruled that the president " can not authorize a person to do what the law forbids . "
alberta accepted the recommendations of the dinning commission , and later declared it would only authorize exports of gas in excess of a 30-year supply .
in 1927 , at the height of the gang war between the chicago outfit and the north side gang , newly appointed chief of detectives william o'connor convinced mayor william " big bill " thompson to authorize the creation of an elite police unit that would be able to match the firepower of the warring gangsters .
as a result , the planning board has been reluctant to authorize construction of housing that will increase the student population .
in 1969 , during the most repressive phase of the military dictatorship , the same constitutional text was amended by a decree ( " ato institucional " ) of the military junta that held interim power during the last illness of the military president arthur da costa e silva , in order to authorize government compensation for land expropriated for purposes of land reform to be made in government bonds , instead of cash , as had been formerly the only legally admitted practice ( art.157 , §
in 1870 , loveland was instrumental in persuading the colorado territorial legislature to authorize funds for the establishment of the colorado school of mines in golden .
this would require approval by a three - fourths majority of the national assembly which could authorize a referendum .
however , politicians and local authorities succeeded in getting the state to authorize a study for a road from staunton to parkersburg by the board of public works .
same - sex couples who register as domestic partners in maine are considered each other 's closest next of kin ; can inherit all or part of the partner 's estate if the partner dies without a will ; can make funeral and burial arrangements ; can be named a guardian or conservator if the partner becomes incapacitated ; can be named a representative to administer a deceased partner ’s estate ; and can authorize organ and tissue donations from the deceased partner .
" in exercise of the powers conferred upon me by the defense ( requisition of land ) regulations , made under the emergency powers defence act 1940 , on the 28th day of december ad 1940 , i do authorize all persons who shall be engaged by the united states government or its agents and contractors on the construction for that government of any naval , military or air works at argentia to do any work on any land or place any thing in , on , or over any land upon the argentia peninsula , insofar as it shall be necessary for any such person so to do for the carrying out of any such work of construction including any preliminary work in relation thereto . "
according to the agreement , the two sides agreed to terminate " all acts of armed confrontation " and to " request the united nations ... to authorize and deploy an international stabilization force from countries that are friends of somalia " excluding the neighboring countries .
on the other hand , congress repealed the provisions requiring a vote by workers to authorize a union shop a few years after the passage of the act when it became apparent that workers were approving them in virtually every case .
in june 1979 , the ministry of the interior ( minter ) assumed the power to authorize water use for irrigation .
these actions , combined with lobbying by both allen and arnold and the fear of a british attack from the north , eventually persuaded the congress to authorize an invasion of quebec , with the goal of driving the british military from that province .
the principals of the shipmaster are entitled to either authorize his shipmaster to enter a towage contract or to limit his authority to certain extent .
it was highly suspected that a resolution to authorize military action against iraq would fail in the security council due to vetoes by the people 's republic of china , france , and russia as permanent members .
abraham lincoln was elected to the united states house of representatives in 1846 under such a bargain , and he returned home to springfield after a single congressional term because , he wrote , " to enter myself as a competitor of another , or to authorize anyone so to enter me , is what my word and honor forbid . "
on october 26 of that year , answer held a demonstration against congress ' vote to authorize the use of force against iraq , which according to its website drew 100,000 in san francisco and 200,000 in washington , d.c.
peckham conceded that the framers and ratifiers of the constitution likely anticipated that the commerce clause would mainly authorize congressional interdiction of state - created barriers to interstate commerce .
metro asked congress to authorize $ 2.16 billion over 10 years to complete the 103-mile system , as well as appropriate the remaining $ 193 million from the transit agency 's original 1980 authorization to complete the green line from anacostia to branch avenue and link the green line internally between u street and fort totten .
wilson 's bill would give the president the authority to authorize electronic surveillance of international phone calls and e - mail linked specifically to identified terrorist groups immediately following or in anticipation of an armed or terrorist attack on the united states .
the law on the national flag mentions five possible sizes that could be made for the national flag : according to article four of the law on the national flag , people 's governments of provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the central government are directed to authorize companies to make the national flag .
sinclair did however authorize the " tigress " to cruise for a week or two around st. joseph island to intercept fur canoes .
