even though this novel had no link to " the scarlet pimpernel " other than its shared authorship , the publisher advertised it as part of ' the scarlet pimpernel series ' .
authorship controversy .
if authorship is assigned to shōtoku taishi , then the works would need to have been completed before 622 when he died .
to him is attributed also the authorship of the treatise entitled " abot de - rabbi natan " , a kind of tosefta to the pirḳe abot .
the song 's history and authorship is uncertain , but its creation can reasonably be dated as some time after the formation of tanzania in 1964 .
the question of the play 's date is complicated by the question of its authorship ; if charles tilney was the play 's author ( see below ) , it must date prior to tilney 's death in 1586 .
almost immediately after publication , justin lancaster , a former associate of revelle 's , asked for revelle 's name to be dropped from a proposed republication of the 1991 paper , alleging that revelle 's contribution was so small as to not justify co - authorship .
authorship of these writings was not limited to poets and scholars alone .
the actual authorship of the book is unclear .
the authorship of all non - pauline books have been disputed in recent times .
the works are commonly considered to be written by shakespeare ( even though they play a role in the shakespeare authorship question ) , yet it is not known if the publisher , thought to be thomas thorpe , published with shakespeare 's approval or , if not , relied on an accurate manuscript .
the plot and text of the game was written by len neufeld ( known for his previous authorship of books in the be an interplanetary spy interactive novel series ) , working under the aegis of byron preiss visual publications .
he wrote an eloquent refutation of the " solomon spalding theory " of the book of mormon 's authorship , and defended the ministry and teachings of joseph smith – as he understood them .
modern scholars who support pauline authorship nevertheless stress their importance regarding the question of authenticity : i.h. marshall and p.h. towner wrote that ' the key witness is polycarp , where there is a high probability that 1 and 2 tim were known to him ' .
a seal , in an east asian context , is a general name for printing stamps and impressions thereof that are used in lieu of signatures in personal documents , office paperwork , contracts , art , or any item requiring acknowledgment or authorship .
foxe is credited with the authorship of several proverbial sayings , such as " the surest way to peace is a constant preparedness for war " and " time and i will challenge any two in the world . "
his name became known after charles dickens acknowledged his authorship of " the song of the western men " in the serial magazine " household words " .
there has been speculation about the authorship of the work .
a study of the protocols of the sages of zion " , italian researcher cesare de michelis writes that hypothesis of golovinski authorship was based on statement by princess catherine radziwill , who claimed that she had seen manuscript of the protocols written by golovinsky , rachkovsky and manusevich in 1905 , but in 1905 golovinsky and rachkovsky had already left paris and moved to saint - petersburg .
questions of authorship exist for this novel , and there are two likely candidates , william simpson potter , and edward sellon .
the song 's authorship is disputed ; warfield claims that he was the sole composer of the song .
authorship .
the list of his other works , including his three erudite contributions to the question of authorship of the " imitatio christi " , will be found in c. toussaint 's scholarly article in alfred vacant 's " dictionnaire de theologie " ( 1900 , cols 1115 - 1117 ) .
authorship .
elizabeth wells gallup ( 1848 , paris , new york – 1934 ) was an american educator and exponent of the baconian theory of shakespearian authorship .
history and authorship .
nevertheless , some scholars still have doubts about the novel 's authorship . translator w.f.j. jenner , for example , points out that although wu had knowledge of chinese bureaucracy and politics , the novel itself does n't include any political details that " a fairly well - read commoner could not have known . "
" grim the collier of croyden ; or , the devil and his dame : with the devil and saint dunston " is a seventeenth - century play of uncertain authorship , first published in 1662 .
alternatively , authorship itself is sometimes attributed to ram prasad bismil ) .
langer is most famous for his authorship of a secret wartime psychoanalytic report on adolf hitler , available on the internet .
the use of forensic authorship analysis of text messages in the case provoked research into its use in other cases .
in 1781 , a warwickshire clergyman and scholar named james wilmot , having failed to find significant evidence from his research in the stratford district relating to shakspere 's authorship , suspected that shakspere could not be the author of the works that bear his name .
links with contemporary plays and playwrights can be , and have been , variously interpreted as evidence of influence or evidence of common authorship .
authorship was accredited to ' tulio trapani and lee lange ' ; lee lange was the pseudonym for david whitfield 's producer , lewis , and tulio trapani was the nom de plume of the song 's other co - writer and arranger , mantovani .
originally published anonymously in the 1590s during the ming dynasty , its authorship has been ascribed to the scholar wu cheng'en since the 20th century .
the authorship of the album was shared between vasović , glavaški , dolinka , and , for the first time , ljubomir rajić .
the chronicle was first published in full by massmann , with careful researches into manuscripts , investigation of authorship , age , etc .
according to pauline kael , " he had ample proof of his authorship , and when he took his evidence to the screen writers guild ...
despite the challenge to pauline authorship , the traditional view is still held by many new testament scholars .
fletcher 's solo authorship of the play is undisputed .
a term that refers to a fanfic made incompatible with canon by later changes to the canon postdating the authorship of the fiction .
jerome , priscian and others attributed the work to cicero ( whose " de inventione " was called " rhetorica prima " , the " auctor ad herennium " , " rhetorica secunda " ) , while the claims of l. aelius stilo , m. antonius gnipho , and ateius praetextatus to the authorship have been supported by modern scholars .
the archives of the metropolitan chapter contain valuable manuscripts including an evangelarium of the fourth century , the " novels " of justinian , the " leges langobardorum " , the " capitulare regum francorum " , also hagiographical manuscripts , not all of which have been critically examined , and a very old copy of the " imitation of christ " , which is relied upon as an argument for attributing the authorship of the work to john gersen .
it can be assumed that the isr does not hold to the jedp documentary hypothesis adhered to in liberal branches of judaism and christianity , and probably adheres to exclusive mosaic authorship of the pentateuch .
the signatures at the bottoms of the strips are not accurate indicators of authorship ; calkins ' signature appears long after his involvement ended , and few of the other artists signed the artwork , while many pages are unsigned .
in co - authorship with lee kwang - gyu , e. chang , s. ryang , r. king at all .
though theories of multiple authorship abounded once , the notion of a single " fredegar " is common scholarly fare today .
john of worcester also describes godwin as the son of a shepherd or swineherd , perhaps contradictarily due to dual authorship .
historiography and historical method include the study of the reliability of the sources used , in terms of , for example , authorship , credibility of the author , and the authenticity or corruption of the text .
authorship .
in order to disseminate the religious sciences , davāni chose two methods : authorship and propaganda .
he was the intimate of william ; he had been the bearer of messages between the disaffected in scotland and holland ; and he was believed to be concerned with sir james steuart ( 1635 - 1715 ) in the authorship of a pamphlet " an account of scotland 's grievances by reason of the d. of lauderdale 's ministrie , humbly tendered to his sacred majesty " .
according to m. nancy cutt , a sherwood scholar , this joint authorship led to a " watery sentimentality " not evident in sherwood 's earlier works as well as a greater emphasis on issues of class .
yajnavalkya ( devanagari : याज्ञवल्क्य ) of mithila was a legendary sage of vedic india , credited with the authorship of the shatapatha brahmana ( including the brhadaranyaka upanishad ) , besides yogayajnavalkya samhita and the yājñavalkya smṛti .
though elkin was , even at the time , a relatively obscure author , johnston and daniels were unusually prolific even for career pulpsmiths , johnston being unusually artful as well , and all four books are accurate and entertaining pastiches of the show , given their authorship in that pre - vcr era when tie - in accuracy was not always the rule .
john weever has been suggested as author of the first play ; the satirist joseph hall has been seen as an influence on – if not the author of – the other two , though recent statistical tests bring hall 's authorship into question .
versions of this song have been recorded and released at least twice by songwriter leon rosselson under the title of " battle hymn of the new socialist party " between the late 1960s and the early 2000s and he may claim credit for authorship of the song , although a version which began " the people 's flag is palest pink , mum washed it in the kitchen sink " was popular among school children in the fifties and may have inspired rosselson 's version .
history of the shakespeare authorship question .
for a list and full titles of the tracts , related documents , and discussion of the authorship , see edward arber 's " introductory sketch to the martin marprelate controversy " ( 1880 ) ( which , however , gives no connected account of the matter ) .
among the works attributed to bernard later in the middle ages were a commentary on virgil 's " aeneid " ( bernard 's authorship of which has been questioned by modern scholars ) and a commentary on martianus capella 's " de nuptiis philologiae et mercurii " .
his authorship of the sonnet on " penitence " , by which he is generally known , has been disputed , notably by voltaire .
authorship .
apollinaire never publicly acknowledged authorship of the novel .
eventually , though , her novels ' authorship became an open secret among the aristocracy .
( only after adams 's death did his publisher reveal adams 's authorship . )
the second type of cryptomnesia results from an error of authorship whereby the ideas of others are remembered as one 's own .
this architecture makes it possible to retain authorship and rights information about , for example , images included in a published document .
the chorale theme " allein zu dir , herr jesu christ " ( zahn 7292b ) is of unknown authorship and was first documented in a 1541 wittenberg publication , but had been used extensively by bach 's time , for example by sethus calvisius and michael praetorius .
the authorship of many of her speeches and articles is disputed .
his numerous works include " middleton 's tragedies " ( 1955 ) , " internal evidence and elizabethan dramatic authorship " ( 1966 ) , " shakespeare 's lives " ( 1970 ) , " shakespeare : a documentary life " ( 1974 ) , and " william shakespeare , records and images " ( 1981 ) .
on june 12 , 1962 , brazilian federal law 4.069-a under the authorship of senator arthur virgílio jr. reinvigorated the school as the state - owned university of amazonas .
authorship .
in a letter from george davenport to william sancroft , january 1655 , among the tanner mss . in the bodleian library , the authorship is ascribed to john overall , who is also credited in a later letter with a large share in the " vindication " .
the authorship of quint 's monologue about the fate of the cruiser uss " indianapolis " has caused substantial controversy as to who deserves the most credit for the speech .
some modern scholars hypothesize that john was an illiterate , hence precluding him from authorship of the gospel attributed to him .
a long tradition ascribes authorship of the psalm to king david , said in the hebrew scriptures to have been a field shepherd himself as a youth .
there is some doubt about the attribution to rous of co - authorship in " the ancient bounds " , a work of 1645 advocating religious tolerance ; some say he was an author , and that this has implications for his place on the spectrum of independents .
mainstream scholars reject anti - stratfordian arguments and say that authorship doubters discard the most direct testimony in favor of their own theories , overstate shakespeare 's erudition , and anachronistically mistake the times he lived in , thereby rendering their method of identifying the author from the works unscholarly and unreliable .
if his death really had been faked , they point out that he would have had far better reasons than any other authorship " candidate " both for continuing to write plays , and for being compelled to do so under someone else 's name .
winters completed her phd in 2009 with a dissertation entitled " authorship as assemblage : multimodal literacies of play , literature , and drama . "
authorship .
the murder inspired the jacobean play " a yorkshire tragedy " , the authorship of which was attributed to william shakespeare in the first printed edition ( 1608 ) but which is now thought to have been written by thomas middleton .
e. berger assigns an additional work , " a lament upon the destruction of castle julius " to richard 's authorship .
both stories were originally published anonymously , and their authorship was not known till after scott 's death at glasgow .
morvai ’s critics have pointed to her refusal to even discuss the issue , let alone deny it ; implying that this is sufficient to unquestioningly ascribe authorship of the remarks to her .
date and authorship .
s. r. gardiner ( hist . of the great civil war , iv , 325 ) regards charles doble 's articles as finally disposing of charles 's claim to the authorship , but this is by no means the attitude of other writers .
other sketches , of unidentified authorship , presented a more detailed view of saxemberg .
whereas most games of the time would list those responsible on the cassette inlay cards or even on the front of the box ( one notable example , " football manager " , even going as far as to feature a picture of author kevin toms on the front of the box ) , no ultimate title ever mentioned any names at all , and the authorship of some of them remains unclear .
published anonymously , its authorship was soon discovered , and the parliament of 1678 , in which the opposition , whom he had attacked , had the majority , resolved to call nalson to account .
to make sure it was known that he was not truly the one writing , he attributed authorship to " the bleacher creature " , coining the nickname in relation to the yankee stadium inhabitants .
her best - known works are the westria novels , and the later books in the avalon series , which she first co - wrote with marion zimmer bradley , then took over sole authorship of after bradley 's death .
maria ossowska and stanisław ossowski are considered to be among the founders of the field of " science of science " due to their authorship of a seminal 1935 paper entitled " the science of science . "
this lack of information , along with other seeming discrepancies in shakespeare 's historical record , are often cited in reference to the shakespeare authorship question , an issue most mainstream scholars reject .
he grouped with amateur accordion player ramón lópez and after performing in some parties and gigs they recorded their first album in 2002 called " tanto para tí " which included 12 songs ; " nada te conmueve " composed by fabian corrales , " necesito verte " by juan manuel perez , " no te escondas mas " by felipe pelaez , " mi encantadora egoista " by alberto murgas , " quien me mando " of his own authorship , " un amor tan grande " by freddy carrillo , " muñeca de porcelana " by luis alonso , " que no me roben tu corazón " by antonio meriño , " lloraras un amor " by jaime bayona , " la flor mas linda " by armando moscote , " el extorcionista " by carlos ramirez and " tanto para ti " by freddy carrillo .
authorship .
stuart demanded that boswell either deny authorship or apologise ; boswell refused to do either and as a result stuart challenged him to a duel .
authorship .
authorship , dating and meaning .
the common features in the two plays have led some critics to suppose that they are the work of the same author ; but since both plays are anonymous and their authorship is disputed , the connection between the two dramas obscures as much as it enlightens .
only a small corpus of oxford ’s poems and songs are extant under his own name , the dates of which ( and , in some cases , the authorship ) are uncertain ; most of these are signed " earle of oxenforde " or " e.o. " .
copyright has been internationally standardized , lasting between fifty and one hundred years from the author 's death , or a shorter period for anonymous or corporate authorship .
the authorship of proverbs has long been a matter of dispute .
the vision of mac conglinne ) is a middle irish tale of anonymous authorship , believed to have been written in the 11th century .
in many cases , alternatively called " masked " or " double - masked " review ( or " blind " or " double - blind " review ) , the identity of the authors is concealed from the reviewers , lest the knowledge of authorship bias their review ; in such cases , however , the associate editor responsible for the paper does know who the author is .
the modern interpretation , following that of louis duchesne , who compiled the major scholarly edition , is that the " liber pontificalis " was gradually and unsystematically compiled , and that the authorship is impossible to determine , with a few exceptions ( e.g. the biography of pope stephen ii ( 752–757 ) to papal " primicerius " christopher ; the biographies of pope nicholas i and pope adrian ii ( 867–872 ) to anastasius ) .
many historical figures have been attributed its authorship , including francis bacon .
surviving private correspondence is unhelpful in answering the question of authorship .
the authorship was called into question when origen of alexandria first spoke of the doubts held by some — albeit not him .
he is credited with authorship of the " legend of the white cowl " and the third rome prophesy .
. 376 ( attributing to israeli the authorship of a treatise on the pulse ) ; wüstenfeld , " geschichte der arabischen aerzte " , p. 51 ; sprenger , " geschichte der arzneikunde " , ii . 270 ; leclerc , " histoire de la médecine arabe " , i. 412 ; eliakim carmoly , in " revue orientale " , i. 350 - 352 ; heinrich grätz , " geschichte " 3d ed . , v. 257 ; haji khalfa , ii .
he also began reading the works of jesse edwards , which he credits with helping to develop both his style of writing and strong interests in medical authorship and publications .
authorship and early editions .
unfortunately , " the two works attributed to him are both of disputed authorship . "
authorship .
however , as noted above , most critical scholars have questioned the authorship of the letter , and suggest it may have been written between ad 80 and 100 .
discovery was made by e.n. khalilov in co - authorship with academician of national academy of science of azerbaijan sh .
a similar style implies common authorship , whilst a radically divergent vocabulary implies different authors .
all of the external evidence , including the 1656 first edition , assigns the authorship of the play to thomas goffe ; one modern scholar , however , has argued that this may have been an error for john gough , author of " the strange discovery . "
the separate debate over the identity of homer and the authorship of the " iliad " and the " odyssey " is conventionally termed " the homeric question " .
the metropolitan cathedral still displays works by juan de rojas , juan correa and an oil painting whose authorship has been attributed to murillo .
the authorship .
the third edition of 1917 , also under the new title , dropped the pseudonym and acknowledged baum 's authorship .
nilus was merely the translator , however , and could not consistently explain or account for the " appendix , " for which he denied authorship .
so the dating and authorship of the portrait by bellini have been placed in question .
the textual history of the " huashu " was analyzed by didier ( 1998:127 - 147 ) who differentiated two lines of transmission , the " secular " text originally published under the authorship of song qiqiu and the " daoist " text written by tan qiao .
the principal arguments against shakespeare 's authorship include the facts that john heminges and henry condell did not include the play when they compiled the " first folio " of shakespeare 's plays in 1623 , nor is it mentioned in francis meres ' " palladis tamia " ( 1598 ) , a work that lists many ( but not all ) of shakespeare 's early plays .
in the early 20th century , evidence against xenophon 's authorship was presented , and has become the majority view .
spinelli is referred to as one of the " founding fathers of the european union " due to his co - authorship of the ventotene manifesto , his founding role in the european federalist movement , his strong influence on the first few decades of post - world war ii european integration and , later , his role in re - launching the integration process in the 1980s .
the true authorship was discovered by lothar perger in 1907 .
as with many similar tunes arising from an oral and folk tradition in this period and milieu , precisely tracing authorship is problematic .
authorship and date .
the hospital was also criticized for " a lack of training and consciousness - raising in respect of the researcher and other employees with a view to the rules for handling patient material , preliminary assessments of research projects and authorship " and for " a lack of leadership and routines designed to expose and deal with non - conformance with its rules of procedure " .
a geological investigation of samples from the stones , published by geologist lorence collins in co - authorship with their original discoverer david fasold , suggested that they are formed of local rock and thus unlikely to have been transported to the site from mesopotamia , the ark 's supposed place of origin .
a statistical analysis using the mosteller and wallace methods of stylometry indicates at least nine authors were involved , and by comparatively analyzing the book against sadler 's " the mind at mischief " , does not indicate authorship or extensive editing by sadler , without ruling out the possibility of limited edits .
letters , that are kept in the department of planned languages and esperanto museum in vienna , show that he denied any co - authorship of ido .
" this fact has been cited by both sides in the authorship question ; to the oxfordians it has signified that oxford was known as a prominent comic writer , and they wonder , if this is so , why none of his comedies survive , at least under his own name .
as to akiba 's authorship , this is claimed by the writers of both versions , who begin their compositions with the words , " r. akiba hath said . "
archibald w. burns , a paymaster , claimed authorship of the " leonidas " letter at pillow 's behest .
all authorship and compositions by gordon lightfoot .
authorship .
these included george adam smith 's " isaiah " for its " expositor ’s bible " series , which was one of the earliest texts to identify multiple authorship in the book of isaiah .
title and authorship .
the authorship of these pamphlets constitute carroll 's true historical importance in an era when few women were educated in legal matters or constitutional theory .
the writings of tertullianus , a lawyer of the same cognomen , exist only in fragments and do not denote a christian authorship .
one scholar now disputes the single - author hypothesis , supposing that the poem may be the work of 2 - 5 authors , depending upon how authorship is defined .
rys sommefeldt concluded that the original algorithm was devised by greg walsh at ardent computer in consultation with cleve moler of matlab fame , though no conclusive proof of authorship exists .
modern scholarship , however , has accumulated much internal evidence for the authorship of thomas middleton .
versions of authorship and name .
dylan claims authorship of the song on most versions of his record .
throughout his numerous books on the authorship question , greenwood limited himself to arguing against the traditional attribution , without supporting any alternative candidate .
it is thiele 's method that has produced the determinative studies for the chronology of the kingdom period , not the presupposition - based method , so that even those interpreters who continue in late - date theories for the authorship of scripture have recognized the credibility of thiele 's scholarship in determining the date for the division of the kingdom after the death of solomon , as cited above .
the critical analysis of authorship now encompasses every book of the bible .
since 1970 filatov was writing songs in the co - authorship with vladimir kachan .
also , in 2008 , penguin books adapted the story as interactive fiction under the authorship of charles cumming calling it " the 21 steps " .
choe 's authorship has been conjectured for the silla suijeon ( 신라수이전 , 新羅殊異傳 , silla tales of wonder ) , the earliest and oldest known collection of korean buddhist tales and popular fables .
authorship .
sledd first gained national prominence as the central figure in a controversy arising from his authorship of a 1902 magazine article in which he advocated better legal and social treatment of african - americans .
notably , mcshane discussed the details of the xenu / body thetans story at some length and specifically attributed the authorship of the story to hubbard .
there is less agreement about the authorship of some other works that have , at times , been attributed to him .
almost ten books have been published in norway about mykle and his authorship .
there is an ancient homily on the subject , of unknown authorship , usually entitled " the lord 's descent into hell " that is the second reading at matins on holy saturday in the roman catholic church .
he has earned admiration for giving all profits from a number of ventures with actor paul newman ( including co - authorship of a cookbook , as well as musical benefits ) to support the hole in the wall gang camp and other charities .
some medievalists and text critics , beginning with john matthews manly , have posited multiple authorship theories for " piers " , an idea which continues to have a periodic resurgence in the scholarly literature .
in neutzsky - wulff 's authorship the traditional novel form now appears to be cracking , as his novels grow in size and are thoroughly embedded with several subplots parallel to the main story .
with the exception of renan 's " vie de jésus " , which praised the historical and geographical details present in the gospel , virtually all critical scholars before the 20th century denied any historical value of the work , largely basing their conclusions on seven particular theses : first , that the tradition of authorship by john the apostle was created " ex post facto " to support the book 's authority ; second , that the book does not proceed even indirectly from an eyewitness account ; third , that the book was intended as an apologetic work , not a history ; fourth , that the synoptic tradition was used and adapted very freely by the author ; fifth , that these deviations are not due to the application of other sources unknown to the authors of the synoptic gospels ; sixth , that the discourses in the gospel express not jesus ' words , but those of the evangelist ; and therefore , that the fourth gospel has no value in supplementing the synoptics .
there is also no firm evidence to assign the authorship of this treatise to any one author .
while ` attar of tun 's authorship of the second group is untenable , nafisi was certainly right in concluding that the style difference ( already observed by ritter ) between the works in the first group and those in the second group is too great to be explained by a spiritual evolution of the author .
firm data on the play 's date of authorship and initial theatrical production have not survived ; scholars estimate a date in the early 1620s , perhaps 1621 - 23 .
authorship .
authorship is commonly attributed to harry mcclintock , whose version is the first documented example of it .
bulmer - thomas believe that it was written , at least in part , by domninus , but heath casts some doubt on the authorship by stating that if it was n't written by domninus then it at least comes from the same period as him .
" satanism " is in neutzsky - wulff 's authorship used partly as a common denominator of a quite specific group , and partly as a philosophical term for the ideology of modern society .
the latter manuscript was severely damaged in the 18th and 19th centuries , and the authorship of the verse has been much disputed ; but likely it also is by alfred .
authorship is traditionally ascribed to saints ambrose and augustine , on the occasion of the latter 's baptism by the former in ad 387 .
this is one among many alternative authorship theories which samuel shoenbaum 's work has shown were originally fueled in the 19th century , in part due to a lack of knowledge about the curriculum in elizabethan grammar schools .
the controversy over authorship is aggravated by the choice of publisher .
though the " dunciad " was first published anonymously in dublin , its authorship was not in doubt .
novel " the frontier " ( 1999 ) ( ) , written in co - authorship with a. valentinov ( ) and h. l. oldie ( ) , was awarded the " golden caduceus " prize at the festival " star bridge - 2000 " .
his authorship of his various anti - religious works did not become widely known until the early 19th century .
two other historical works are attributed to eudemus , but here his authorship is not certain .
authorship .
cervantes attributes the authorship of his book to a variety of characters and translators , some moorish and some christian , and expresses his opinions on translators in the process .
but it is from this and the circumstantial evidence of phidias ’s known work on the athena parthenos and his central role in the periclean building programme that we deduce his authorship of the frieze .
some controversy exists over the authorship of the book .
these arguments are also offered in support of the shakespeare authorship claims for the earl of oxford .
chinmayananda comments on this claim of lineage saying that " it may or may not be so " , noting that such an attribution of authorship is not found in the body of many of the upanishads .
" the second attack on the authorship of the lyrics came from none other than the great fernando ortíz .
most of the texts are of unknown authorship , with the exception of the opening and closing movements , for which bach used verses 1 and 4 of konrad hubert 's original hymn .
will always tries to change the subject quickly when authorship comes into conversation .
authorship .
the issue of the authorship of the pauline epistles may play a role as well .
in 2006 , kazmierczak , along with two other graduate students and under the lead authorship of a sociology professor , co - authored an academic paper entitled , " self - injury in correctional settings : ' pathology ' of prisons or of prisoners ? " ; it was published in the academic journal " criminology & public policy " .
biblical authorship .
it has an international scope of authorship and readership .
" jonathan russell and the capture of the guerriere , " by lawrence s. kaplan in the william and mary quarterly , third series , vol . 24 , no . 2 ( apr. , 1967 ) , published by the omohundro institute of early american history and culture , discusses the circumstances of russell 's authorship of a patriotic poem about the famous sea battle found in russell 's private papers ( now mainly at brown university 's library ) . the article quotes the entirety of the poem , dates it to approximately 1812 , and speculates that russell was motivated to write this anti - british work by the humiliation he had suffered while at the court of st. james .
there is some ambiguity as to the poem 's writer , and it was not published by frye , although she was the only living person to credibly claim its authorship .
though voltaire did not openly admit to having written the controversial " candide " until 1768 ( until then he signed with a pseudonym : " monsieur le docteur ralph " , or " doctor ralph " ) , his authorship of the work was hardly disputed .
it maybe that authorship does not change but components from one group needs to be placed in the assembly of another group so that they can construct their parts , so called work in context .
the difference between hamilton 's list and madison 's formed the basis for a dispute over the authorship of a dozen of the essays .
in various publications , they have re - examined the genesis of both châteaux , and have renounced the traditional authorship of versailles to louis le vau in favor of a triumverate of le vau , charles le brun and claude perrault ; and have attributed marly 's creation to le brun , renouncing the traditional attribution to jules hardouin - mansart .
albert is also credited with the authorship of a work called " troilus " , a latin epic in 5,320 lines about the trojan war .
appeared , containing false information about the authorship of archival discovery .
he also attributes authorship of the funeral oration to aspasia and attacks his contemporaries ' veneration of pericles .
its early origins , however , are western i.e. from the land of israel , and the talmudic tradition attributes its authorship to jonathan ben uzziel .
authorship of particularly noteworthy anamonics is often acknowledged , although this is not necessarily expected by the scrabble community .
while 19th - century musicologists disputed luther 's authorship of the music to the hymn , that opinion has been modified by more recent research ; it is now the consensus view of musical scholars that luther did indeed compose the famous tune to go with the words .
when authorship ―female or otherwise― remained a matter of passing interest , female playwrights were in an open and equal market with their male colleagues ”
the authorship of greek prose ( with discussion ) .
authorship of the pauline epistles .
" wit at several weapons " is a seventeenth - century comedy of problematic date and authorship .
the song did so well commercially that when price wrote the song " you belong to me " the next year , she felt she could do better by ceding partial credit for authorship to king and stewart than trying to publicize the song herself , so that song as well was credited to king , stewart , and price , though price was the sole author .
themes of his works include sociology of knowledge ( muerte y transfiguración de la cultura rioplatense ) , epistemology and colonialism ( geo - epistemology , el imaginario patagonia ) , authorship theory ( the manufacture of an author ) , and science and writing ( ciencia y escritura ) .
on 13 january 2009 , the authorship of " entropa " came into question .
details of her early life are missing , and her authorship of some works attributed to her is contested .
he was now actively pursuing a career as a writer , writing a history of the goddards , a local family , and " reporting , editing , and authorship : practical hints for beginners in literature " ( 1873 ) , in which he shared the fruits of his brief experience as a local reporter .
the musical peaks , according to commentators , include the final duet ( despite its doubtful authorship ) , ottavia 's act 1 lament , seneca 's farewell and the ensuing madrigal , and the drunken nerone – lucano singing competition , often performed with strong homoerotic overtones .
by june 27 , 2006 , myspace had amended the user agreement with , " myspace.com does not claim any ownership rights in the text , files , images , photos , video , sounds , musical works , works of authorship , or any other materials ( collectively , ' content ' ) that you post to the myspace services .
however oliver gurney in " the authorship of the tawagalawas letter " ( " silva anatolica " , 2002 , 133 - 41 ) argues that the letter belongs to his older brother muwatalli ii ( 1295 - 1272 bc ) .
greene wrote prolifically , struggling to support himself ( and his recreational habits ) in an age when professional authorship was virtually unknown .
authorship .
authorship .
in light of contemporary scholarship , they denied divine authorship of the torah , declared only those biblical laws concerning ethics to be binding , and stated that the rest of " halakha " ( jewish law ) need no longer be viewed as normative ( see reform judaism ) .
later works such as paul hofer 's " kunstdenkmäler des kantons bern " of 1952 or berchtold weber 's " historisch - topographisches lexikon der stadt bern " of 1976 are virtually certain of gieng 's authorship of most bernese fountains .
with the identification in 2005 of the younger sir henry neville as a candidate for the authorship of the shakespearean plays and sonnets , it is conceivable that some of those works might have been composed at billingbear .
authorship , editorship , and initial publication .
his health and conditions had " damaging effects on johnson 's personal and professional lives " likely causing him to lose opportunities to teach at prominent schools , while leading him " towards the invisible occupation of authorship " .
this album , featuring travis accompanied only on his guitar , contains his two most enduring songs , both centered on the lives of coal miners : " sixteen tons " and " dark as a dungeon " . " sixteen tons " ( whose authorship has also been claimed by george s. davis ) became a # 1 " billboard " country hit for tennessee ernie ford in 1955 and has been recorded many times over the years .
one way this authorship is obscured is through the evolution of the phrase by modification or addition to the original , which has become particularly prolific in modern times .
he was guilt - ridden by his refusal to take over the family farm , and this guilt permeates much of his authorship .
consequently , it endeavours to ignore or waive aside any suggestion of a doubt as to the authorship of these immortal works , as if it were an ugly spectre or troublesome nightmare .
a second theory assumes common authorship of the western and alexandrian texts , but claims the alexandrian text is the short first draft , and the western text is a longer polished draft .
bronzino 's early work is so close to that of his teacher , that the authorship of several paintings from the 1520s and ' 30s are still under dispute — for example the four " tondi " containing the evangelists in the capponi chapel , and the " portrait of a lady in red " now in frankfurt ( at left ) .
the murder of danielle jones was an english murder case where no body was found and the conviction relied upon forensic authorship analysis of text messages sent on the victim 's mobile phone .
she is perhaps best known for her authorship of " trains : a memoir of a hidden childhood during and after world war ii " which explores not only her survival of the holocaust as a ' hidden child ' but also the psychological toll of keeping her identity hidden , even to herself , in post world war ii poland .
for example , w. michaelis saw the christological likeness between the pastoral epistles and some of paul 's undisputed works , and argued in favor of pauline authorship .
around 150 years after shakespeare 's death , doubts began to emerge about the authorship of the works attributed to him .
the tragicomic fitzallen subplot in " a fair quarrel " and the opening and closing scenes in " the changeling " are other rare examples of the serious side of rowley 's authorship .
irenaeus says that these persons tried to suppress the teaching about the holy spirit in order to put down montanism , and as a result denied the authorship of the gospel and its authority .
an important element of the study and writing of " women 's ways of knowing " was the shared process of authorship , which the authors describe in the 1997 10th anniversary addition of the book .
the novel 's stated authorship has a peculiar history .
indeed , adn would go on to claim authorship to some of the most important neoliberal economic reforms instituted by president paz to curb galloping hyperinflation , repress the ever - troublesome labor unions , and reduce the size of the government .
thus santiago left many pictures of his authorship some of which after his death went into auction .
the song features on neither of the jams ' studio albums , but is included on the duo 's 1988 compilation and remix album " shag times " , where co - authorship credit is given to composers of works sampled in the track . "
in 1997 it was revised ; the title was changed to " the international classification of sleep disorders , revised ( icsd - r ) " and the authorship was changed from " diagnostic classification steering committee , thorpy mj , chairman " to " american academy of sleep medicine " .
the authorship of all non - pauline books have been disputed in recent times .
authorship .
the " tao te ching " or " dao de jing " ( ) , whose authorship has been attributed to " laozi " ( ) , is a chinese classic text .
shakespeare authorship question .
john north is best known for his authorship of " lifeworks " ( a course that introduces non - churched people to christianity without assuming that they already understand christian jargon or presuppositions ) and " growthworks " ( a dvd - based small group course to help christians understand the inner process that leads to spiritual growth ) .
besides that it discusses - since according to the prologue the author was an anonymous knight of the german order from francfurt - the problems of authorship , authority , and authenticity .
thomas 's authorship of the three works on francis of assisi is well - established .
he is remembered for his authorship of " the surgeon 's mate " which was the standard text to advise ships surgeons on medical treatments while at sea and contains an advanced view on the treatment of scurvy .
sweet swan of avon " does n't pretend to put the matter to rest , but simply shows how completely reasonable the authorship controversy is , and how the idea of a female playwright surprisingly answers more shakespearean conundrums than it creates ...
the true authorship of the poem is , however , disputed .
