the republican reconstruction governments had their share of corruption , but it was one that benefited many whites —and they were no more corrupt than democratic governments , or , indeed , than northern republican governments .
in 1930 , he went to pisek in czechoslovakia to study with otakar ševčík , whose intricate system of exercises revolutionised string playing ; he felt he had benefited enormously from this period : " sevcik taught me how to practise and how to tackle difficult passages . " following this concentration on technique , forbes had lessons from albert sammons . "
coaches francisc dvorsák and coloman braun - bogdan benefited during this period of a lot of international and famous players , such as : al .
chelomei benefited from the patronage of khrushchev and in 1960 was given the plum jobs of developing a rocket to send a manned craft around the moon and a manned military space station - but with limited experience his development was slow .
this re - apportionment increased the political power of urban centers and limited the influence of more rural , conservative interests that had benefited from the supreme court ruling injusticiable such " political " questions as those of apportionment .
rosenberg 's company benefited from the introduction of the quad electroacoustics esl-63 speaker in 1981 .
schlitz has benefited from a resurgence of so - called old school beers like pabst blue ribbon and blatz , and also placement in trendy movies like dead drunk .
fender japan was the first to release a reissue of the custom , which benefited from being substantially lighter than the original and thus less tonally inert .
he was one of several players born in northern ireland who benefited from the fai 's attempts to establish their all - ireland influence .
the cheshire , durham , derbyshire and warwickshire county teams have all benefited from players reared by whc .
it is hoped the gallery will help regenerate the town in the same way st ives has benefited since the introduction of the tate gallery .
two other latin pop artists who greatly benefited from estéfano 's work around this time were paulina rubio with her best selling album ever , " paulina " , and thalía with her first ( and to date only ) number - one album on the " billboard " top latin albums chart , " thalía " .
during this period , the capital city was transformed from merely an administrative center to the national center of shipping and industry , although ' it was hardly coincidental that new roads often led to trujillo 's plantations and factories , and new harbors benefited trujillo 's shipping and export enterprises . '
by the late 1960s the peak of the baby boomers had occurred at primary schools and both clubs benefited with large schoolboy numbers .
putschist generals still alive in november 1982 were reintegrated into the army by another amnesty law : raoul salan , edmond jouhaud , and six other generals benefited from this law .
the plan of expanded transit facilities would have undoubtedly benefited the whole chicago metropolitan area .
hackett suffered from parkinsonism and his health began to fail in 1915 , he took a trip to the eastern states which appeared to have benefited him ; however he died suddenly on 19 february 1916 of a heart condition and was buried in karrakatta cemetery .
this offered lots of opportunities for hybridisation , and the offspring benefited from hybrid vigour as the parents were genetically quite different .
astronomy , history , linguistics , and ornithology are among the myriad fields that have benefited from the activities of amateurs .
while the park 's arrival benefited gatlinburg and made many of the town 's residents wealthy , the tourism explosion led to problems with air quality and urban sprawl .
chundur had also benefited from the century - old krishna canal .
several industries and important warehouses have benefited from this strategic situation , which has also bolstered a constant increase of the population .
racing historian edward l. bowen feels that claiborne farm is possibly the most influential american breeding operation because of the substantial number of other breeders which benefited from claiborne 's horses and the length of time that influence has lasted .
western theological seminary , hope college , grand valley state university his alma mater western michigan university as well as the boys and girls clubs of greater holland have all benefited from haworth 's donations .
measure 5 also equalized school funding throughout the state , which meant that schools in rural areas benefited while schools in portland saw budgets reduced .
protestants benefited from governor don josé maría chacon 's generous interpretation of the law .
with the establishment of mount rushmore in the 1940s , custer state park , and the sturgis motorcycle rally , the black hills became known as a tourist destination which hill city benefited from .
because of the lack of any effective local content regulation , australian tv producers faced enormous challenges in trying to compete against imported american and british programs , which benefited from high budgets , an international talent pool and huge economies of scale , thanks to their large domestic audiences and established worldwide distribution networks .
the massive wave of strikes greatly benefited the nas , its membership rose from 10,500 in 1916 to 51,000 in 1920 .
although not as powerful politically as it had been in the past , buddhism was espoused by the upper classes . proscriptions against christianity benefited buddhism in 1640 when the bakufu ordered everyone to register at a temple .
here he became private chaplain to and benefited from the hospitality of richard vaughan , 2nd earl of carbery , whose mansion , golden grove , is immortalized in the title of taylor 's still popular manual of devotion , and whose first wife was a constant friend of taylor .
the economy of church creek has also historically benefited from human traffic resulting from the town ’s location , which is situated at the crossroads of taylor ’s island road ( route 16 ) and church creek - golden hill road ( route 335 ) .
in 1927 the pennsylvania orphans court removed wentz as trustee of the j. g. mccaskey trust that benefited mccaskey ’s five orphaned children .
josephus records that the two fought against each other on occasion , although most of the time they supported one another because they both benefited from the island city 's wealth from maritime trade and the mainland area 's source of timber , water and burial grounds .
the number is legion offriends , relatives and juniors at the bar who benefited from their association with him .
in the middle ages , redon benefited from maritime commerce due to its location on the vilaine .
at the conclusion of the season , pelinka had a 30 point per game average that benefited from a 41% three - point shot percentage over the course of 208 attempts .
he tells his father that he and his brother never benefited from the wealth of their family .
( interestingly , frederick henry 's entailment overturned this entailment of his half - brother , if such a thing would have been possible ; apparently he did not fancy the succession by willem frederik of nassau - dietz , who would otherwise have benefited ) .
her administration benefited the congregation with renovations to the church and parsonage , and the instigation of a day care center .
other countries like morocco and egypt , which benefited from their previous high economic growth experienced a great decline due to the global economic crisis without falling in recession .
the port benefited from the economic growth of venice , constituting its main connection to the italian mainland .
only after the pacification of ghent , of whose amnesty he benefited , was he able to return to the netherlands and regained his forfeited possessions .
more precisely , white fishermen directly benefited due to the impounding of all japanese owned fishing boats .
however , during his time as dean the college benefited from a continued programme of renovation with internal changes that provided more student accommodation .
while stating his belief that the natives had benefited from the war , barrows stated he did not " wish to wish to assent to the proposition that war is a good thing ... but where you have a war existing , it is , i think , better to go ahead and pursue it rigorously and finish it . "
kelley , who held many patents in color photography , sold his patents and equipment to cinecolor , which benefited from kelley 's advanced printing techniques .
it also benefited from the use of tata elxsi 's eka , one of the world 's fastest supercomputers .
agricultural development , and to a certain extent , tourism , benefited from the mancos project of the us bureau of reclamation in the 1950s , which created jackson reservoir north of the town , today the site of mancos state park .
as a juvenile , he benefited from a high ranking mother and an uncle , figan , who was the alpha male .
a self - taught improviser , he benefited from his early studies in classical percussion and composition at the eastman school of music with john beck , gordon stout , ted moore and david mancini .
moving up to the senior level , she benefited from the withdrawal of nicole bobek from the 1996 u.s. championships to place third and qualify for the world figure skating championships , where she placed fifteenth .
many newspapers in the country criticized these changes , citing mistakes in printing and alleging that the son of the governor of the state bank of vietnam benefited from printing contracts .
after success of the royalist armies , absacal annexed upper peru to the viceroyalty , which benefited the lima merchants as trade from the silver - rich region was now directed to the pacific .
much of this swing benefited minor party candidates , in particular the anti - immigration party australians against further immigration , whose candidate robyn spencer polled 7.24 per cent .
the gian benefited from the collaborative and financial support of the swiss federal department of home affairs and the ministry of education of the canton of geneva .
these measures displeased the merchants , who benefited from the spanish monopoly , and so they gave their support to the resistance .
midway airlines helped revitalize the airport and led the way for other discount carriers , who benefited from midway 's lower costs and close proximity to chicago 's loop , to prosper .
her family were prominent members of society and she benefited from parents who supported their daughter receiving formal academic education .
the party has benefited from a series of high - profile defections from the liberal party in 2007 and 2008 .
pease pottage would have benefited from the toll roads , but lost the crawley - horsham traffic in 1823 with the opening of the new mcadam road through faygate , and the london and brighton railway completed in 1841 which skirted along the eastern boundary of pease pottage cutting through tilgate forest alongside standford brook and through a tunnel under high street .
indian agriculture benefited from the developments made in the fields of biotechnology , for which a separate department was created in 1986 under the ministry of science and technology .
the club benefited from a substantial grant from the football foundation in 2003 and used the funds to build a brand new club - house , encompassing a new bar , function room , kitchen and four modern changing rooms .
the composer william walton also greatly benefited from osbert 's largesse ( though the two men afterwards fell out ) and walton 's oratorio " belshazzar 's feast " was written to osbert 's libretto .
the prairie and forest species have declined greatly because of habitat loss , though popular game birds such as the red grouse and the ruffed grouse have benefited from habitat management .
the galway garrison had been organised by the landed gentry of counties galway and mayo , who benefited from their property guarantees in the following century .
development efforts were then concentrated on the ln.40 project , which benefited from experience acquired with the ln.140 , but was a new and aerodynamically much more refined design .
britain benefited from the american marshall aid program from 1948 , and the economic situation improved significantly .
this program has benefited the research of turtle nesting habits .
they proposed an elegant and simple process , " natural selection " , whereby mutational changes that benefited organisms would become more prevalent in a population and might eventually become universal in a species .
the p 8 benefited especially from superheated steam technology , which had just been developed by wilhelm schmidt ( nicknamed ' hot steam schmidt ' ) , that led to outstanding performance for those times .
this album benefited habitat for humanity .
tight federal budgets kept the budget deficits of the provinces from improving and , though many benefited from cavallo 's insistence that large employers translate higher productivity into higher pay , this same productivity boom ( as well as the nearly 200,000 layoffs the privatizations caused ) helped unemployment jump from about 7% in 1991 - 92 to over 12% , by 1994 .
several radical figures had already been presidents of the council ( ferdinand buisson , emile combes , charles floquet , etc . ) and the radicals already benefited from a strong implantation in the country .
the master settlement agreement , they argue , created an unconstitutional cartel arrangement that benefited both the government and big tobacco .
the company benefited from the withdrawal of first eastern counties bus services from the lowestoft area , expanding to take over several former first eastern routes in the region .
the textile industry further expanded rapidly during the first world war , and benefited from the influence of mahatma gandhi 's swadeshi movement , which promoted the purchase of indian - made goods .
in december 1986 , three years after the end of the dictatorship , he was sentenced to a 25-year term in prison , but he benefited from the amnesty granted to all but the higher officials by the so - called " pardon laws " ( the " ley de obediencia debida " and the " ley de punto final " ) .
the pisidian cities , mostly founded on the slopes , benefited from this fertility .
supporting a different viewpoint is an article appearing in " agbioforum " which suggests that smallhold farmers benefited substantially by planting a genetically modified variety of maize .
the ccf 's decision to field only two candidates likely benefited penner 's campaign .
since its start in march 2005 , two ngos have already benefited from the funds raised by the project .
pei 's dissatisfaction reached its peak at a time when financial problems began plaguing zeckendorf 's firm . i. m. pei and associates officially broke from webb and knapp in 1960 , which benefited pei creatively but pained him personally .
his fourth book , " the nature of prejudice " was published in 1954 , and benefited from his insights from working with refugees during world war ii .
the briscoe brothers , dixie , insane dragon , deranged , jt jobber , and many others benefited from working with da hit squad .
during this period elisabeth benefited by the advice of gabriel françois doyen , jean - baptiste greuze , joseph vernet , and other masters of the period .
ardzinba benefited from his contacts with the russian hardliner circles and military leaders to garner critical support in the war against the georgian government .
but it was not only the congregation that benefited from his work .
the compact cassette also benefited enormously from developments in the tape material itself as materials with wider frequency responses and lower inherent noise were developed , often based on cobalt and/or chrome oxides as the magnetic material instead of the more usual iron oxide .
napoleon 's friendship and patronage greatly benefited the moët house and as a tribute , moët built a replica of grand trianon on his property , complete with original work by jean - baptiste isabey , for napoleon and empress josephine to stay in when they visit .
it is currently used for bullring fighting , the bullring has been the scene for great boxing matches , concerts , cultural and sporting events that have benefited the tijuana community greatly .
earlier , the project benefited from the contributions of well - known landscape architect charles eliot , and mill creek park is regarded as one of his notable works .
much of the decline in production has occurred in the military - industrial complex and other heavy industries that benefited most from the economic priorities of soviet planners but have much less robust demand in a free market .
the ivorian president would have greatly benefited from the divisions in the burkina faso government , so he contacted blaise compaoré , the second - most powerful man in the regime .
the deal was said to have benefited the developers as the purchase was at " about half the price " of other bids for the property .
in 1999 the school benefited from a £ 500,000 sport england lottery fund grant .
this benefited vader , as he could now have his schedule coordinated far more easily .
music , beyond the pale has benefited from the hardcore market .
celiac disease has been suggested as a cause of aphthous ulcers ; small studies of patients ( 33% or 1 out of 3 ) with celiac disease did demonstrate a conclusive link between the disease and aphthous ulcers vs control group ( 23% ) but some patients benefited from eliminating gluten from their diet .
maclean had owned his share in the company for several decades and the steamship line benefited from promotion in maclean 's publications .
for the greater part of its existence thus far , 1956 till 1988 , the ns benefited from the tender editorial care of the brothers john j. graham and laurence i. graham .
the city of bytom benefited economically from its location on a trade route linking kraków with silesia from east to west , and hungary with moravia and greater poland from north to south .
having spent many years in obscurity , nancarrow benefited from the 1969 release of an entire album of his work by columbia records as part of a brief flirtation of the label 's classical division with modern avant - garde music .
in 2008 , some 193 children , from about 130 families , benefited from the program through donations of winter clothing , toys and other items purchased with the funds raised .
when the slave trade began in earnest in the 16th century , the mina benefited the most .
the station benefited from a large youthful audience at adjacent miami university as well as listeners in urban and suburban areas of cincinnati and dayton , but a majority of its broadcast area was rural .
the measure would have benefited same - sex couples , but also other nontraditional households , such as one in which a grandmother relies on a grandson for financial support .
the club also benefited in early 2008 from an anonymous loan of £ 50,000 sterling from a local individual , with repayments based on future success .
they benefited from the store 's dim lighting and two large arc lights on broadway , which shined into the store .
this rich ecological diversity has benefited from a relative lack of pollution during the history of human habitation around the gulf , but environmental groups fear that the lack of a coordinated effort to control pollution may jeopardize the gulf 's ecosphere .
he also stood over many of the incentives that benefited property developers .
the other two benefited from the amnesty to ira members issued by éamon de valera upon his assumption of power in 1932 .
while short - running , the series benefited from complex characters and intriguing hints at the greater universe outside of the hospital 's hull .
it perhaps benefited from dizzy 's experience , as seymour could carry three items at a time , and had three lives and an energy bar .
he benefited when live television came to the house of commons in 1977 , allowing viewers to see that he was evolving into a real rival for trudeau .
like many assets built during this period , adapting it to changing needs in the post - cold war period has been challenging , but the niels juel class has benefited from being built from the outset as austere , economical vessels with a large number of possible roles to play .
readers , advertisers and reporters benefited from the fierce competition ; shareholders arguably did not .
in 2005 , the russian economy benefited significantly from high oil , gas , and metal prices .
by this method , only children were benefited and the skilled people both young and old were untouched .
the screening benefited the joseph horvath memorial scholarship fund .
the foundation also established grants for ex - soviet youths in all major israel universities , a program that has already benefited over 120 young people .
the village has since benefited from investment by the italian government to build a new olive oil mill .
burns , however , benefited from a large ground campaign and the endorsement of former troy mayor jeanne stine , a republican .
though many small businesses benefited from the economic recovery , factors such as tight credit , the influence of big business and the slowness of official agencies in paying bills meant that many went bankrupt and their overall role in the economy declined .
by the mid-1960s , wcny benefited from the ratings - dominant cbs programming lineup and established a large viewership base that included nearby canadian cities .
with paid digital downloads added to the airplay / sales formula of the hot 100 , many songs benefited on the charts from the change . " billboard " initially started tracking downloads in 2003 with the " hot digital tracks " chart .
wills brought capital into china and invested in infrastructure that benefited chinese and foreigner alike .
bau forms an environment to produce information and knowledge to be benefited by the country and the world , to share it with both the society and the science world for the wealth and well - being of humanity .
marseille ( french since 1481 ) was france 's second major port : it benefited greatly from france 's trading agreements signed in 1536 with suleiman the magnificent .
kenyon 's on - screen acting career benefited from his extremely distinctive physical appearance : gaunt , with highly prominent cheekbones .
in the immediate post - world war ii period , nigeria benefited from a favorable trade balance .
dayton benefited greatly from the growth of wartime industries during world war ii and received approximately $ 1.7 billion in government defense contracts during the war .
certain real - time applications have benefited from tao 's use of familiar software concepts to present a solution to challenging real - time software problems .
a land of famous writers , artists , musicians and journalists as well , thrissur boasts of having benefited from the best of men and women .
in 1800 she wrote to bishop thomas percy seeking his patronage , and while he lived she benefited from the connection , though her literary connections were never extensive .
the nestorian mission benefited from taizong 's policy of religious tolerance , which reversed measures his father gaozu had taken against buddhism and other foreign religions and influences .
industrial expansion took place more vigorously in the center - south region , which had benefited most from the import - substitution industrialization strategy .
he saw clearly that britain 's days of imperial greatness were over , something he did not regret for , in his view , the working class had never benefited from the empire .
the group benefited from online promotion on sites such as myspace , and after catching the ear of sum 41 lead singer deryck whibley and producer matt squire , yes , virginia signed to independent label i surrender records .
1949 became a role model for the rajasthan assembly in 1955 and similar laws were passed based on these acts thus the farmers of rajasthan greatly benefited due to these laws .
the benefits of the thousands of renewable energy systems installed by ecami are considerable : more than 100,000 people have been benefited in nicaragua while the use of co2 emitting fuels and air pollution is being reduced .
the race 's initial invasion has benefited the technology of mankind .
the researchers from the london school of economics found that one reason for this trend was that the expansion of higher education in the uk has disproportionately benefited those from better off backgrounds .
you think you got the right " benefited from good reviews and promotion , but did not reach the uk singles chart .
however at the end of the year it predicted that the year 2009 would put an end to six years of prosperity during which latin america has benefited from high raw materials prices .
the spanish also benefited from their impunity to many common european diseases which were to decimate their local enemies .
the internal bickering of snap and pbds has benefited the ruling of taib in the years to come .
english theatre benefited greatly from the predilection for theatricality displayed by the tudors .
the muscovy duck has benefited from nest boxes in mexico , but is somewhat uncommon in much of the east of its range due to excessive hunting .
he scored the winning goal in the last 30 seconds of the final against west ham , ensuring that middlesbrough gained the trophy and two local teesside charities benefited from the first prize of £ 100,000 .
featuring the newly developed dynamic systems components and new - technology rotor blades with a cambered airfoil and a larger diameter , the upgraded helicopter benefited with a greater max gross weight , more useful load , more speed and more hover performance ; nearly a 30% increase in performance over the 330sp .
the government benefited from the disarray within the liberal opposition after the resignation of fraser .
charity activities during the convention benefited
salvador dali , alexander calder , and gertrude stein benefited from his advocacy .
fc kaiserslautern , stuttgarter kickers , eintracht frankfurt and fsv frankfurt had all benefited in their pre-1933 success from a strong jewish membership in the clubs and found themselves initially unpopular with the nazis .
although playtex promoted the authenticity of their " one and only wonderbra " , the rapid introduction of competitive products meant that the overall u.s. market benefited from a 43% increase in push - up bra sales by the end of 1994 .
the species has benefited greatly from farming and the creation of dams .
but fielding benefited from the larger - than - expected surplus of liberal preferences , and stayed in the count long enough to receive democrat and labor preferences , defeating the australian greens ' candidate david risstrom for the last senate place in victoria .
the popularity of the resort benefited from the emphasis on outdoor life in the mid - nineteenth century as east coast american cities became increasingly industrialized and polluted , and from the establishment of stops in bedford for the b&o and pennsylvania railroads beginning in 1872 , providing easy accessibility from cities such as washington , d.c. , philadelphia , and new york .
since the very beginning , the t2s project has benefited from the strong involvement of csds , banks , financial market associations , public authorities and many other interested parties .
the upcoming personal computer benefited from this competition between " radio - electronics " and " popular electronics " .
several area museums also benefited from the increased historical interest of that time , among them the fort jackson museum , the mckissick museum on the campus of the university of south carolina , and most notably the south carolina state museum , which opened in 1988 .
edward and his elder brother john both benefited from the celebrity attached to the family after their father 's heroic death and edward was sent to join john and thomas aboard hms " prince of wales " , the flagship commanded by their uncle admiral henry harvey .
the nation has also benefited from economies of scale .
beyond physical problems and experienced - limitation , competitive athletes , dancers musicians , singers , and those interested in personal growth have benefited from the awarenesses gained in " trager " movement education .
these changes not only benefited the chinese economy but also integrated china into the world economy .
starlights , a show lounge , has also benefited from the refit , as has the gym which now includes interactive mountain bikes .
there are many who had been benefited by the systematic music therapy sessions conducted all over kerala .
there are certainly new ways of communicating ; in some cases businesses have benefited and in some others businesses have been hurt badly .
he benefited from the prior experience of several of the crew of the ship with the language , and had developed a small vocabulary by the end of the voyage .
in 1745 , john kay , the inventor of the fly - shuttle , obtained , conjointly with joseph stell , a patent for improvements in the ribbon loom ; and since that period it has benefited by the inventions applied to weaving machinery generally .
the incorporation of heavy metal music into the game also benefited the game .
the ruling family claims descent from the god shiva and benefited greatly from pilgrimage to benares .
loftleiðir benefited from this by selling air - tickets from usa to european cities by breaking the ticket into two , one to iceland and one from iceland .
cammell and co - director nicolas roeg ( mainly responsible for the ' look ' of the film ) also benefited from a lack of interference from warner bros. studio executives , who believed they were getting a rolling stones equivalent of the beatles ' " a hard day 's night " ( 1964 ) .
in may , 2006 , the children 's discovery museum of san jose awarded cassidy the seventh annual legacy for children award , which honors " an individual or organization whose work has significantly benefited the learning and lives of children . "
from 1968 the thunderbolt benefited from a number of minor improvements including a longer kick start to make starting easier and metal tank badges to replace the earlier plastic ones , which had a tendency to crack .
it has also seen growing disparities of different kinds as people in different parts of the country and with different characteristics have benefited from the growth at different rates .
in addition , other minor hockey leagues benefited from the lack of competition from the major professional league .
turkey benefited economically from the iran – iraq war ( 1980–88 ) .
with proceeds collected during multiple fund raisers and events , many local non - profit organizations are benefited including ; children ’s care , black hills children ’s home , and storybook island .
soldier nobles from finland benefited from this development .
according to the statement , the mpla benefited from " state funding and media coverage " , while the other parties received their allotted campaign money late .
since obs started locally in 1967 , over a quarter of a million people have benefited from a personal and adventurous journey of self - discovery , emerging stronger , both mentally and physically .
in the 1980s , ammaturo established a virtual monopoly of cocaine trafficking to italy from peru , where he benefited from the protection and collusion of important personalities .
two motions of no confidence were made by the right - wing opposition ( the northern league and the ex - christian democratic splinter groups cdu - cdr ) , against the justice minister , giovanni maria flick , and the interior minister , giorgio napolitano , stating that gelli had benefited from accomplices helping him in his escape .
the soviet atomic project benefited from highly successful espionage efforts on the part of the soviet military intelligence ( gru ) as well as the foreign intelligence department of the nkvd .
the young sicilian architect giovanni battista vaccarini and painters sebastiano conca , sebastiano ricci and francesco trevisani , a resident of the court for almost four decades , also benefited from his patronage .
the country 's major public financial institutions provided loans to the agricultural sector , but this lending benefited less than 10 percent of all farmers .
futhemore , if the right - wing coalition benefited from the failures of the socialist power , it was confronted with the emergence of the national front in the far right .
several critics did note that it was overly long and could have benefited from some additional editing .
this facilitated an uneven diffusion of technological practices since only areas with high immigration levels benefited .
above all , louis benefited from ernest may , who he regards as having " one of the most fertile and inventive minds of all historians i have known . "
past concerts have benefited the station nightclub fire relief fund and the vh1 save the music foundation .
thus , it has directly benefited from the improvements developed for estet .
the american genre painter william sidney mount , 1807 - 1868 , lived there and had his studio in the 3rd floor attic , which benefited from unusual skylights through the roof .
carnegie believed in giving to the " industrious and ambitious ; not those who need everything done for them , but those who , being most anxious and able to help themselves , deserve and will be benefited by help from others .
both teams benefited from the absence of the defending champion , czechoslovakia .
despite substantial bitterness between the fan bases of the two schools , the hockey teams and coaches generally agree that the magnitude of the rivalry has benefited both hockey programs . " the best thing that ever happened to bu hockey was bc , " parker told rushin .
prominent anc members including modise , former south african president thabo mbeki , and anc president jacob zuma are among those believed to have benefited directly from the deals .
farmers benefited from acquisition or sale of land for industrial estates .
in any case the poor immigrants who benefited under james a. farley 's national machine had become assimilated and prosperous and no longer needed the informal or extralegal aides provided by machines .
despite its limitations , the or technique benefited from its close association with the development of the polymerase chain reaction .
another hurrian kingdom also benefited from the demise of babylonian power in sixteenth century bc .
brian was benefited by a usual occurrence on survivor when two of brian 's votes came from a vote against clay , particularly helen and ted whom brian himself betrayed in the game , but still voted for him over clay .
during the 1964 presidential election , spellman supported lyndon b. johnson , whose higher education facilities act and economic opportunity act had greatly benefited the church .
seth godin has since claimed to have benefited greatly from the spread of this book through increased speaking engagements and a mass following .
though he was appointed as a caretaker principal until brother augustus became available in january 1921 , st. michael ’s benefited from the brief leadership of a la salle brother who was later to become the visitor ( 1926 - 1929 ) .
during the same year , prime benefited greatly from its affiliation with the seven network throughout its carriage of the 2000 summer olympics in sydney .
the renewable energy sector benefited when the the greens party joined the federal government between 1998 and 2005 .
the casinos argued that a taking has occurred because the fees exacted by the act primarily benefited private parties , rather than the public good .
he spent a brief time as a native policeman , and also benefited from a government pension procured for him by eyre , who remained in contact with him for some years afterward .
yanukovych is seen by opponents as representing the interests of ukraine big business ; they point out that his campaigns have benefited from backing by ukrainian billionaire rinat akhmetov .
he benefited from the revolution begun by coach duncan fletcher and former captain nasser hussain , such as the awarding of central contracts to the core england players , and continued to forge a winning team .
this was partly because in 1999 and before christian democrats had been in an election coalition with centre party and benefited from this , while the centre had actually lost seats due to this arrangement , and thus discontinued it starting from 2003 ( the finnish adaptation of d'hondt method allows pre - election " coalitions " or " cartels " between two or more parties ) .
ptt greatly benefited from the global increase in worldwide oil prices following the invasion of iraq , and the rise in its stock price helped propel the set to a boom in 2003 .
the indians nominated under this act were mostly zamindars and " ryotwari " landowners , who often benefited from their association with the colonial government .
subsequent major developments , especially in the us , benefited from expertise gained in the production of uranium hexafluoride .
among the nations that benefited from the decline of the assyrians were the persians , whose presence around lake urmia to the north of elam is attested from the 9th century bc in assyrian texts .
he quietly got his way , not least by improving the design and durability of ships , research on which benefited from his close personal interest .
during their incarceration in camp ruston , the prisoners benefited from food , medical care , and physical surroundings which were better than what their countrymen were experiencing at home .
in the 18th afnd 19th centuries , spanish catalonia benefited from the beginning of open commerce to america and protectionist policies enacted by the spanish government , becoming a center of spain 's industrialization ; to this day it remains one of the most industrialized parts of spain , along with madrid and the basque country .
founded by ceo kyle vucko , 22 , and 26-year - old heikal gani - both students at the university of victoria when they started the company - indochino has benefited from favorable media attention , and has already surpassed sales targets .
despite the strong anti - republican mood in ohio that year , jordan benefited from the district 's heavy republican tilt .
he benefited from his collaborations and the " guide " describes a " well behaved , precise quality to emden 's later work which properly reflects his social achievements in the world of affairs "
( ) jacob recounted how he had served laban and how laban had benefited , and asked when he could provide for his own family .
by the mid 1950s standards of living rose significantly , and in 1957 collective farm workers benefited from the first agricultural pension and welfare system in eastern europe .
the bacterium escaped being digested because it formed a symbiotic relationship with the host eukaryotic cell ; both the eukaryote and the bacterium mutually benefited from their novel shared existence .
canada has benefited from this , learning new ways to exploit her own unconventional resources .
his successors benefited from the weak rule of suraj mal of marwar and the disruption caused by babur 's invasion of india to consolidate and extend their possessions until by the 17th century all the jat clans ( including the powerful godara clan ) had accepted the suzerainty of the rulers of bikaner .
“ mac ” has benefited greatly from
some u.s. shareholders alleged the management benefited from the buyout personally while the buyout price was too low .
the ndp benefited from the decline in liberal support , but not to the same extent as the conservatives .
deng xiaoping is usually credited with the opening up of economic revival in china , often epitomized with the city of shenzhen , which benefited the most from the policies of deng .
this order of teaching sisters has benefited from monaghan 's philanthropy .
the reopening of the grand canal also benefited suzhou over nanjing since the former was in a better position on the main artery of the grand canal , and so it became ming china 's greatest economic center .
the team also invited the fia to inspect its cars to confirm these facts ; " in order to address some of the speculation mclaren has invited the fia to conduct a full review of its cars to satisfy itself that the team has not benefited from any intellectual property of another competitor . "
by the late xvii century , the already well - established textile industry in yorkshire benefited from the ever - growing wealth in europe .
while louis ix of france launched the eighth crusade ostensibly to reverse these setbacks , it went to tunis , for reasons unclear , instead of constantinople , as louis ' brother , charles of anjou , had initially advised , though charles i clearly benefited from the treaty between antioch and tunis that ultimately resulted from the crusade .
although the borough itself does not have much room to grow , it has benefited from the growth of the nearby townships .
he did not find much gold , but his health benefited .
during the last 90 years thousands of students have benefited from the funds made available by the mandal .
chicago benefited from a strong sports culture .
most of the students who benefited from political connections came from elite and affluent high schools .
for nearly 30 years , sombart benefited from an appointment as senior cultural civil servant attached to the council of europe in strasbourg , while also continuing his career as a writer and academic , principally in berlin at the freie universität .
he benefited greatly from injuries to teammates , most notably to samuel eto'o , and added five in as much games in that season 's domestic cup , notably a hat - trick against deportivo alavés ( 3–2 win at home , 5–2 aggregate ) .
on the question of comparative turning circles in combat , spitfires and hurricanes benefited from their lower wing loading compared with the bf 109 : the royal aircraft establishment estimated the spitfire 's turning circle – without height loss – as 212 m ( 700 ft ) in radius ( the hurricane 's would be slightly tighter ) while the 109e 's was estimated as 270 m ( 890 ft ) radius at 3,657 m ( 12,000 ft ) .
the counts of lippe - weissenfeld also benefited with creations of the title prince of lippe - weissenfeld with the style serene highness taking place on 24 february 1916 for count clemens and his descendants and again on 9 november 1918 for the other members of this line .
during the 1970s , kuwait benefited from the dramatic rise in oil prices , which kuwait actively promoted through its membership in the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) .
he was benefited by other scholar musicians namely acharya ratanjankar , chidanand nagarkar , s. c. r. bhat and k. g. ginde .
john harvey died later of his wounds , but thomas benefited from the general promotion which followed the action and became a lieutenant .
the other matter that pozzo benefited from was ‘
the oracle benefited from the macedonian kings .
the southern economy also benefited relatively more after 1973 up to 2002 from the european structural funds system .
spain 's neutrality in world war i greatly benefited spanish industry and commerce , but those benefits were not reflected in the workers ' salaries .
