she was the first among the women writers in bengali to gain prominence .
enamul hossain rajib ( bengali : এনামুল হোসেন রাজীব ) ( born 1981 ) is a bangladeshi chess player .
kishore kumar was born into a bengali brahmin family in khandwa , central provinces and berar ( now in madhya pradesh ) .
mrinal sen ( , also spelled " mrinal shen " ) is a famous bengali indian filmmaker .
prithwindra mukherjee translated her famous novel " le journal " into bengali , serialised it in the monthly " basumati " , before bringing it out in a book form in 1956 , with a foreword by premendra mitra .
the " jôphôla " is sometimes used as a diacritic to indicate non - bengali vowels of various kinds in transliterated foreign words .
the film was re - produced in telugu as " vaana " and in bengali as " premer kahini " in 2008 .
" anurodh " is a 1977 hindi film , based on the 1963 bengali film deya neya , produced by girija samanta and directed by shakti samanta . the film stars rajesh khanna , vinod mehra , simple kapadia , rita bhaduri , ashok kumar , asrani , asit sen utpal dutt and nirupa roy .
haraprasad shastri ( ) , also known as haraprasad bhattacharya , ( 6 december 1853–17 november 1931 ) was an indian academic , sanskrit scholar , archivist and historian of bengali literature .
dhakir , ذاکر ( zakir in urdu , jakir in bengali , zakir in malay and zekir in persian ) ( arabic " one who remembers allah frequently ) is an islamic term used for those people who spent most of their time in remembrance of god .
later writers of the period who introduced broad discussion of social problems and more colloquial forms of bengali into mainstream literature included the great saratchandra chatterjee .
bengali and singalese .
jamdani is a fabric of fine cotton muslin of bengali origin , with colored stripes and patterns .
his major contribution was in finding out some basic relationship between santali language and bengali language .
it is the largest open - air asian festival in europe and the largest bengali festival outside of bangladesh .
the subjects offered are english , hindi / bengali , physics , chemistry , biology , mathematics , geography , and history for icse .
and the strange thing is that it is in bengali , a language that remo does n't know much about .
saigal endeared himself to the whole of bengal through his 30 bengali songs .
she is a well - known children ’s author in bengali for her fairy tales and adventure stories , where girls are the heroes .
contrasted with guest houses found in other parts of the world , bengali culture proscribes that traveling guests live free - of - charge in a private person 's home ( in the bengal house ) .
historically the term paiyapathar is comprised with two bengali words : paiya ( meaning touched ) and pathor(meaning stones ) , to thus mean touched stones , which change the nature of something by touched on itself .
the area was known as gauda ( gauka , of gau / cow ) at the time was under the rule of famous bengali kings such as sasanka .
these songs and lyrics , commonly referred to as " jeebonmukhi " ( literally meaning " towards life " ) , concerned itself with the tough reality of bengali middle class social life , in and around kolkata .
the independence of bangladesh from pakistan in 1971 led to the abandonment in the bengali - majority state of around half a million " stranded pakistanis " , who traced their ethno - linguistic heritage to the bihar region .
their language , bangla ( then commonly known as bengali ) , shares with urdu a common sanskritic - persian ancestor , but the two languages have different scripts and literary traditions .
the deuls ( temples of rekha type ) found here are reminiscent of bengali hindu architecture .
he is regarded as one of the most reliable critic of humayun ahmed who is arguably the most popular fictionist of modern bengali literature .
however , the first bengali feature film , billwamangal , was produced in 1919 , under the banner of madan theatre .
burmese indians consist of numerous groups from different parts of india , including tamilians , hindi speakers , bengali , gujarati , oriya , punjabis and pathans .
the north - westerners including the kambojas , sakas , hunas , yavanas , abhiras , khasas , sabaras , turushakas , suhmas etc have all been labelled as outsiders , foreigners or mlechchas within the bengali society and therefore were left outside the caste classification of ancient bengal .
mir mosharraf hossain ( bangla : মীর মশাররফ হোসেন ) ( 1847 - 1912 ) was a bengali language novelist , playwright and essayist in 19th century bengal .
in 1961 he wrote the book " kritadas kritadasi " it changed the landscape of bengali fiction and created a niche for himself .
he is also credited for standing up for bengali rights against pakistan 's establishment in the 1950s , for which he was jailed .
in bengali , it is called ' nagkeshar ' .
jnanendra nath bagchi , one of his maternal uncle , had written in many bengali magazines .
ramai pandit ( " ramai ponđit " ) or ramai the wise was a medieval bengali poet from the region of bengal .
tarasankar ventured into all walks of bengali life and it ’s experience with the happenings of socio - political milieu .
these groups also describe bengali secular nationalism as a " waste of money " , a way to abstract from being islamic : they claim to believe that the baishakhi mela celebrations are " shirk " activities .
malay roy choudhury ( ) ( born october 29 , 1939 ) is a bengali poet and novelist who founded the " hungryalist movement " in the 1960s .
devdas is a bengali novella by sarat chandra chattopadhyay first published in 1917 and adapted as a film many times .
scholars credit him for spearheading a cultural renaissance in muslim - majority bengal , " liberating " poetry and literature in bengali from its medieval mould .
while still a teenager , raakhee had an arranged marriage to bengali film director ajay biswas , which ended shortly and unhappily thereafter .
the history of bengali literature traces back hundreds of years while it is impossible to separate the literary trends of the two bengals during the pre - independence period .
" chirodini ... tumi je aamar " ( " all time you are mine " ) ( 2008 ) is a bengali film by raj chakraborty , one of the most revered directors of zee bangla tv show mirakkel hosted by anchor mir and dance bangla dance and judged by mithun chakraborty .
traditionally bengali people like football and most of the ghotis are supporter of mohun bagan ac whereas the bangals are traditionally supporters of east bengal club .
he speaks a number of languages very fluently , which includes english , hindi , gujarati , and bengali .
" bengali hindus have become agitated over this matter , but it does not concern only hindus .
tilopa gave naropa a teaching called the six words of advice , the original sanskrit or bengali of which is not extant ; the text has reached us in tibetan translation .
since 1970 a leading bengali magazine edited by samiran majumder .
the main composition of people there are assamese(borpetia),boro kachari , saotal , marwari , bengali hindu and muslims , nepali , garo and other tribes .
in her lifetime , she recorded more than 600 records from 1902 to 1920 , in more than ten languages , including bengali , hindustani , gujarati , tamil , marathi , arabic , persian , pushto , french , and english .
many bihari , bengali and gujarati scholars spent their life here , propagated their works in hindi and enriched the literature .
halisahar ( in bengali : হালিশহর ) is a city and a municipality under bijpur/ naihati police stations of barrackpore subdivision.in north 24 parganas district in the indian state of west bengal .
the name derives from the bengali word " uttor " meaning " north " .
bangladeshi weddings are celebrated with a combination of bengali and muslim traditions , and play a large part in developing and maintaining social ties .
sastri 's discovery brought to light the oldest specimens not only of bengali poetry but also of indo - aryan literature .
from then on , he is writing only in bengali little magazines and has never penned a single word for any commercial magazine .
in a simple declarative sentence , most words and/or phrases in bengali carry a rising tone , with the exception of the last word in the sentence , which only carries a low tone .
pannalal bhattacharya , mrinalkanti ghosh , bhabani charan das , radharani debi and gitashree chhabi bandopadhay were famous for their renditions of devotional songs , while abbasuddin ahmad and nirmalendu chowdhury were stalwarts in singing bengali folk music .
bengali is the common language spoken in agartala .
bengali speaking barua people of chittagong are all buddhist by religion , unlike hindu barua of assam who are generally brahmins or kayastha or may belong to any other general caste in india .
the name danio comes from the bengali name " dhani " , meaning " of the rice field " .
i do not recall coming across this type in our bengali literature .
her popularity coincided with the increase in the popularity of bengali songs in the 1920s and 1930s .
the novel also happens to be one of the earliest bengali novels .
during seventy - eighties , he edited the works of jeebananand das , the great bengali poet -1970 .
half the convoy was outside the ambush firing range and pakistanis , commanded by major amzad hussain ( bengali -2ic 24 ff ) fought back , and a 2 hour long battle ensued .
simone singh , born november 10 in jamshedpur to a sikh father and bengali mother , is an indian actress .
the concept of the take - away restaurant was later developed by the bengali muslim entrepreneur sake dean mahomed ( 1759–1851 ) .
bengali hindu worship many gods .
qamar abbas - w. pakistani ) was also at mymensingh , containing no bengali officers .
earlier she was part of the national film award - winning bengali feature film " faltu " and the highly unsuccessful " mumbai salsa " .
chattopadhyay wrote the poem in a spontaneous session using words from sanskrit and bengali .
written in the traditional ramayan panchali form of middle bengali literature , the krittivasi ramayana is not just a rewording of the original indian epic , but a vivid depiction of the society and culture of bengal in the middle ages .
original bengali title " shediner katha " ( calcutta : nabapatra prakashan , 1982 ) .
in his early life , he composed in both bengali and oriya languages , but later he shifted his writings in oriya only .
this distinction is important in bengali as its orthography was adopted from sanskrit , and ignores sound change processes of several millennia .
in 1919 , madan theatres produced the first bengali feature film " billwamangal " .
laban hrad vidyapith ( higher secondary ) for boys is a bengali language school situated in saltlake city , bidhannagar , kolkata , founded on january 21 , 1980 .
in the 1940s , 1950s and 1950s , a new breed of bengali writers and poets came into being in kolkata exemplified by jibanananda das , sukanta bhattacharya , bishnu dey , premendra mitra , buddhadeb guha etc .
the war broke out on 26 march 1971 as army units directed by west pakistan launched a military operation in east pakistan against bengali civilians , students , intelligentsia , and armed personnel who were demanding separation from west pakistan .
initially , he started translating novels from bengali to telugu .
bengali words are currently romanized on wikipedia using a phonemic transcription , where the pronunciation is represented with no reference to the spelling .
she hails from a brahmo bengali family .
manuel da assumpção ( sometimes spelled " manoel da assumpçam " ) was a portuguese missionary who wrote the first grammar of bengali language ( bangla language ) , titled " vocabulary of bangla language and portuguese , divided in two parts " ( archaic ) .
the another attraction of this temple is the kali puja , organized on the diwali night in an auspious mahurat by the bengali community of the city .
the bengali view .
there is also a saying which goes , " mach - e - bhat - e - bangali " ( fish and rice make a bengali )
in 1991 in recognition to her literary works she received the prestigious honour in bengali literature “ bangla academy literary award ” from bangla academy .
she starred in numerous tamil , telugu and malayalam films , along with a few hindi films and one bengali film .
her work is greatly appreciated and she is one of the prominent short story writers in bengali away from kolkata .
in bengali , it is called barobazar , ( ) , the meaning remaining same .
jugantar patrika ” ( 15 kartik 1345 ) bengali year published “
mansur and his party demanded that bengali also receive recognition and the provinces be granted autonomy .
nearly 70 per cent of the population is bengali .
tappa gayaki " took new shape and over decades became " puratani " , a semi - classical form of bengali songs .
and to this the bengali poet kazi nazrul islam wrote a poem to honor him .
his other publications include , naqd o nigarish ( criticism ) , maqalaat e mumtaz , shaakhsaanay ( short stories ) , maqam e ghazal ( edited work of hafiz hoshiarpuri ) , nashid i hurriyat , nukta e raz , bhagvad gita ( urdu translation),darpan darpan ( translation of poetry from various languages ) , intikhab e kalam e zafar , qitaat e tareek e wafat e ahle qalam wa mutaliqeen e ahle qalam , lisani masail o lataif , nazr e khusro -pahelian- keh mukarniyan , aaeena e afkar e ghalib , nok jhonk , suhaanay taraanay , and children 's literature with the title , phool khilay hain rung birnagay ( poems for children 8–80 years old ) , anjaan rahi ( translation of jack shaffer 's novel shane ) , teesri duniya ( translation of essays on politics and economy ) , soor - i - israfeel ( translation of bengali poet qazi nazrul islam ) , khayabaan e pak ( anthology of pakistan 's folk poetry of about 40 poets ) , and he also wrote hi biography that was serialized in urdu journal afkaar .
he won the jubilee research prize of the calcutta university for " the origin of the bengali script " published in 1919 ( and reprinted in 1973 ) .
according to architectural historian swati chattopadhay , abanindranath " used the bengali meaning of the word , jorasanko -- ' double bridge ' to develop this idea in the form of a mythical map of the city .
in the tradition of oriya and bengali cuisine , panch phoron is typically fried in cooking oil or ghee , which causes it to start popping immediately .
his literary works were included in the curriculum of school level , secondary , higher secondary and graduation level bengali literature in bangladesh .
the town is inhabited mostly by bengali hindus .
one of the first films produced in bangladesh after independence was " titash ekti nadir naam " ( " a river called titas " ) in 1973 by acclaimed director ritwik ghatak , whose stature in bengali cinema is comparable to that of satyajit ray and mrinal sen.
the death of an 11-year - old bengali girl phulomnee after being brutally raped by her 35-year - old husband hari mohan maitee in 1889 served as a catalyst for its legislation
the middle bengali literature is divided into three periods named pre - chaitanya era , chaitnya era and
brojabala girls ' high school ( in bengali : ব্রজবালা বালিকা বিদ্যালয় ) is a well - known girls school in ranaghat .
kaliprasanna singha ( ) is remembered for his two immortal contributions to bengali literature viz .
chin 's daytime lineup consists primarily of italian and chinese ( cantonese & mandarin ) programming , with some afghan , bengali , croatian , caribbean , dutch , ethiopian , german , greek , irish , jewish , macedonian , polish , romanian , serbian , somali , spanish and ukrainian programming airing evenings and weekends .
though she remained a big star in the bengali commercial film industry , after kapurush madhabi failed to reach such critical heights as her films with ghatak and ray again .
today , there are two bengali - language film industries : the one in kolkata , west bengal , india ( the cinema of west bengal , sometimes called " tollywood " , a portmanteau of the words " tollygunge " and " hollywood " ) , is one of many centres for indian regional filmmaking ; and the other one in dhaka , bangladesh ( the cinema of bangladesh , sometimes called " dhallywood " , a portmanteau of the words " dhaka " and " hollywood " ) , is the mainstream national film industry of bangladesh .
however , the environment at hazaribagh was more mahesh and the local bengali community extended support to the brahmo samaj irrespective of their personal beliefs and attachment to creeds .
dating back to 1932 , " tollywood " was the earliest hollywood - inspired name , referring to the bengali film industry based in tollygunge , which rhymed with " hollywood " and was the center of the cinema of india at the time .
amitav ghosh ( born july 11 , 1956 ) , is an indian - bengali author known for his work in the english language .
he secured his ma in both bengali and arabic from dhaka university .
abul barkat ( ) ( june 16 , 1927 – february 21 , 1952 ) was a demonstrator killed during the bengali language movement protests which took place in the erstwhile east pakistan ( currently bangladesh ) , in 1952 .
the first rastrabhasa sangram parishad ( national language action committee ) , an organisation in favour of bengali as a state language was formed towards the end of december 1947 .
amitabh bhattacharjee ( ) ( born august 15 , 1973 ) is a bengali and hindi film actor .
besides being an adept character actor , sanyal gave a superlative performance in his portrayal of iconoclastic bengali reformer vidyasagar .
he also wrote poems in two other major patterns of bengali rhythmic style , namely , " matrabritto " and " shwarobritto " .
the name is also very common amongst bengali hindus of bangladesh .
atn bangla is a canadian category 2 bengali language digital cable pay television channel that is owned by asian television network ( atn ) .
nearly every hindu bengali home has his idol placed in the family altar , huge temples are being built in his honor , thousands of devotees bow before him and glorify him as their guru and lord .
the baishakhi mela is a celebration of the bengali new year , celebrated by the bangladeshi community every year .
the largest spoken language in this region is now hindi , its speakers numbering almost 422 million ; the second largest spoken language is bengali , with about 210 million speakers .
he was part of the growing mission family , eating at the communal table and joining with other children in mission life ; as one would expect he became a fluent bengali speaker .
her sister chandana sharma is also bengali film actress .
in response , the pakistan army launched operation searchlight , which led to the arrests , torture and killing of hundreds of thousands of people , mainly hindus and bengali intellectuals .
then rabindranath tagore(1861–1941 ) , kazi nazrul islam ( 1899–1976 ) , jatindramohan bagchi ( 1878–1948 ) and many others begin the age of modern bengali poetry .
the indian rupee is officially known as টাকা " ṭaka " in bengali , টকা " tôka " in assamese , and ଟଙ୍କା " ṭôngka " in oriya , and is written as such on indian banknotes .
d " , which is a modern take on sarat chandra chattopadhyay 's bengali novella " devdas " .
" ke tumi " ( " who are you " ) is a bengali movie was released in 2008 .
sunil gangopadhyay says that while the tagore family enthused everybody with drama , songs and literature for adults , the ray chaudhuri family took charge of laying the foundations of children 's literature in bengali .
bangladeshi cuisine refers to the bengali cuisine prevalent in bangladesh .
in march 1971 , india 's prime minister announced support for the east pakistani independence movement , providing military assistance and opening india 's borders to bengali refugees - ultimately more than 10 million and mainly hindus - fleeing from the conflict .
finally , south asian cinema is typified by the cinema of india , which includes bollywood , telugu , tamil , malayalam , kannada and bengali industries .
the most well known bengali actor to date has been uttam kumar ; he and co - star suchitra sen were known as " the eternal pair " in the early 1950s .
maaza ( hindi : मज़ा , bengali : মযা ) is a coca - cola fruit drink brand marketed in india and bangladesh , the most popular drink being the mango variety , so much that over the years , the maaza brand has become synonymous with mango .
bharatchandra was the true representative of the transition of bengali music from medieval to modern age .
zia and get his escort of pakistani troops back to 8 ebr lines , where zia managed to arrest his escort and order bengali troops to move out .
it is also used in some publications outside the subcontinent ; for example , the guinness book of records lists the bengali atrocities as one of the top 5 genocides in the 20th century .
his nickname , badal ( meaning " rain , " " cloud , " or " thunder " in the bengali language ) , was given to him by his grandfather after he began crying in the rain as a baby .
in 1952 , dey sang for a bengali and a marathi movie with the same name and storyline , " amar bhupali " .
around 10% of the population is bengali speaking and 70% speak various dialects of hindi .
all the other northeast indian tribes are represented here as well as significant numbers of bengali , nepali , assamese , biharis and marwaris making it a fairly cosmopolitan city .
the assamese kamrupi and the bengali kamrupi are very similar according to suniti kumar chatterjee .
he produced a film named ek adhuri kahani directed by mrinal sen , a bengali film maker in 1972 .
north american bengali conference .
a list of films produced by the tollywood ( bengali language film industry ) based in kolkata in the year 2006 .
bengali nationalism .
kazi nazrul went on to write more poems , as well as the first bengali protest music , though he was later arrested for his outspoken beliefs , becoming one of the most important men in the indian independence movement .
his son rajendra nath lahiri was a bengali revolutionary .
in bangladesh upazila nirbahi officer ( uno ) bengali উপজেলা নির্বাহী অফিসার ) chief executive of an upazila ( sub - district ) .
accordingly , fatehullah shirazi , a renowned scholar and astronomer , formulated the bengali year on the basis of the hijri lunar and hindu solar calendars .
the first was bikham giri , a bengali tantric - vajrayan yogi .
swadesh bharati , has contributed a lot of his poems , short stories to indian languages especially to bengali literature .
atin bandyopadhyay , (; anglicised spelling of surname : banerjee ) is a noted writer of bengali literature .
the armenian community of dhaka played a significant role in bengali trade and commerce in the 17th and 18th centuries .
( r ) " homosexual references in bengali literature " , 1999 : " jijnasa " , calcutta .
another column moving along the seashore was also ambushed , and some pakistani soldiers lost their way and were killed by bengali mobs .
this is the first bengali film which were shoted at salzburg in austria .
zamor ( christened louis benedict or louis benoit ) ( b. 1762 ? - d. 7 february 1820 ) was a french revolutionary of bengali origin , who as a boy of eleven , was picked from chittagong by slave traders and sold to countess du barry who nurtured and educated him .
at the entrance gate , the logo has small projecting windows flanked by curved and covered bengali domes .
as a character sharadindu assumed that the average reader would be like ajit , but in some ways underestimated the sophistication of the average bengali reader of the time , something he admitted to in a letter he wrote .
the english collection is not a translation of poems from the bengali volume
there were also 160 single - language responses for gujarati ; 140 for romanian ; 125 for non - verbal languages ( sign languages ) ; 115 for japanese ; 110 for bengali ; 105 for indo - iranian languages n.i.e . ; 85 for somali ; 80 for gaelic languages ; 80 for sinhala ( sinhalese ) ; and 75 for malayalam .
even today a good majority of the students of this college are muslims of calcutta , mostly urdu - speaking muslims , with a significant bengali muslim population also .
the people here speak , hindi , urdu , angika , maithili , bhojpuri , bengali , marwari , polia , surjapuri etc .
the british army was mainly composed of bengali soldiers .
initially , baf was formed with all officers and trained airmen of bengali origin serving in the pakistan air force prior to the war .
it is also a bengali surname .
as noted on the official website for ray , " at that time , soumitra chatterjee was a radio announcer and had only played a small role in a bengali stage production " .
considered a realistic play of popular protest by many , the play is in effect melodramatic in its treatment of blood and torture but its content reflected contemporary social reality in a manner meaningful to urban middle - class bengali society .
in 1990 , the bangla academy enforced new regulations for bengali spelling which is quite similar to the 1937 regulation of the university of calcutta .
pakistanis refrained from mass transfer of bengali officers , as that might have compromised security of the plan .
according to another school of that , " panchali " originates from the word " panch " , which means five in bengali language , referring to the five elements of this genre : song , music , extempore versifying , poetic contests , and dance .
she has since received critical acclaim for her performances in the bengali film " antar mahal " ( 2005 ) and " rang de basanti " ( 2006 ) .
other smaller but common language groups include hindi and bengali .
she has been a heroine in nepali and bengali films .
indian troops partly aided by mukti bahini ( bengali guerrillas ) defeated pakistan army in the battle thus capturing key areas and severely denting pakistani morale .
bangladesh - bengali ( national)and other tribal languages
the dhuna or behna of khulna and murshidabad are bengali speaking .
shankha ghosh ( bangla : শঙ্খ ঘোষ ) ( 1932- ) is an bengali indian poet and critic .
although shakespeare 's english remained in key passages , the actors delivered much of the text in their own languages — a mix of seven from india and sri lanka ( hindi , tamil , malayalam , bengali , marathi , sanskrit , sinhalese ) .
the major part of the population over here is bengali almost(95% ) .
krittibas ojha ( bangla : কৄত্তিবাস ওঝা ) or kirttibas ojha was a medieval bengali poet .
in modern bengali usage , however , the full stop is gaining in currency as the abbreviation mark .
bengali is the dominant language of west bengal , spoken by well over 80 million people .
having studied hindustani , bengali , and sanskrit with indian scholars , he returned to england to take up an appointment as the first professor of sanskrit at cambridge .
since its inception , sananda tilottama has had a quest to discover new talents in young bengali girls .
she has mentioned she would be open to acting in bengali films , provided that the roles are of her interest .
in the film , she collaborated with mother moon moon sen. riya was slated to appear in anjan dutta 's bengali - english bilingual film " the bong connection " with her sister , but she was eventually dropped from the project and replaced by peeya rai chaudhary .
meyebela , my bengali girlhood .
sanskrit ( তৎসম " tôtshômo " ) words borrowed into bengali , however , possess a wide range of clusters , expanding the maximum syllable structure to cccvc .
in bangladesh , which lies in the floodplain of three great rivers , bengali language has several terms to differentiate between lakes , including " baor " , " haor " , " jheel " and " beel " .
gourmohan dutta was a bengali merchant from kolkata ( india ) who founded boroline , a brand of over the counter antiseptic cream .
as a young child he learned urdu , arabic and persian in addition to his native bengali .
to meet the rising demand for native doctors , the government introduced a bengali class at the calcutta medical college in 1851 .
bengali civil and military officers had alleged institutional discrimination through the 1960s , and now distrust had divided the pakistani army .
he published grammars of hindi , urdu and bengali language and completed , but did not publish grammars for gujarati and sinhalese .
his literary works were included in the curriculum of school level , secondary and higher secondary bengali literature in bangladesh .
" abelay garam bhaat " ( ( translation : " 2008 ) is a bengali movie directed by subhendu ghosh , the movie featured abhishek chattopadhyay , paran bandyopadhyay , biplab chattopadhyay , chinmoy ray and bibhu bhattacharya .
moheener ghoraguli or mohiner ghoraguli ( , translation : moheen 's horses ) was a bengali independent music group from kolkata .
during the 1960s , humayun ahmed - a very popular contemporary bengali novelist and playwright , graduated from this school with excellent scores in secondary school certificate ( s.s.c. ) examination .
as author of " gitanjali " and its " profoundly sensitive , fresh and beautiful verse " , in 1913 being the first non - european to win the nobel prize in literature , tagore was perhaps the most important literary figure of bengali literature .
he also authored a collection of humorous stories of mullah nasiruddin in bengali .
after passing through vicissitudes , it became a daily and played an important role in forming modern bengali society .
apu is a bengali who has lived in kolkata all his life and works for an it company .
after this , he has worked in several famous television shows ( mostly in bengali ) ; most notable is " tero parbon"(the theme song was catchy as well as his role as gora ) which made him immensely popular , in his initial days .
sen based his film on a bengali story by banaphool ( balai chand mukhopadhya ) .
iub also has established a language center to teach the bengali , english and french languages effectively .
she was president of the bengali literary conference in 1930 and vice - president of the bangiya sahitya parishad in 1932 - 33 .
within one year of democratic rule , differences between the two wings of pakistan surfaced : when jinnah declared in 1948 in dhaka that urdu would be the only state language of pakistan , it sparked protests in east bengal ( later east pakistan ) , where bengali was spoken by most of the population .
in 1854 , a bengali translation of the adikanda of the ramayana in poetry form was published by the raj .
considered to be one of the 51 shakti peethas , consists of a square type sanctum of the typical bengali hut .
there are many clubs and associations , which organize " durga puja " the main bengali festival .
rajuk uttara model college(rumc ) ( bengali : রাজউক উত্তরা মডেল কলেজ ) is a co - educational bangladeshi high school(grade vi - xii ) situated in uttara , dhaka about a kilometre north from shahjalal international airport .
but gallenberger decided that unlike the others , he was going to make it in bengali language rather than in english or his native german .
to some extent , moheener ghoraguli attempted to do the same for bengali popular music .
bengali films of 1987 .
on february 23 , 1948 in the pakistan constituent assembly in karachi , dhirendranath made a speech calling for bengali to be made one of the official languages of pakistan , in what was to become the action he will be most remembered for by his compatriots .
sheikh abdur rahim was very aware of bengali muslim community ’s wealth and history .
during the 1971 war of bangladesh he went to many asian countries to generate international awareness on the injustice atrocities and barbarian attacks upon the innocent bengali civilians , particularly the minorities by the then pakistani government .
he gives the yearning of radha a distinctly bengali rendition , and in the process capturing much of the social conditions of the day .
add coconut slices and garam masala ( preferably bengali garam masala in this case ) .
narayan played in the 1978 movie " main tulsi tere aangan ki " and composed music for the 1988 movie " the bengali night " by nicolas klotz , which starred hugh grant .
mainstream hindi films are popular , as are films from the bengali cinema industry , dubbed " tollywood " .
bangladesh railway ( bengali : বাংলাদেশ রেলওয়ে ) ( reporting mark br ) is the state - owned rail transport agency of bangladesh .
muzaffar ahmed ( ) ( august 5 , 1889 – december 18 , 1973 ) was a noted bengali politician , journalist and communist activist , popularly known as " kakababu " .
oriya belongs to the indo - aryan branch of the indo - european language family , and is closely related to bengali and assamese .
the east end life ( local newspaper of the borough ) also includes a section for the bengali readers .
the central government relented , granting official status for bengali .
in north america ( where hilsa is not always readily available ) the shad fish is sometimes used as a hilsa substitute , especially in bengali cuisine .
the concerned departments of the university offer a two year masters programme ( m.a. ) in english , bengali , nepali , hindi , economics , history , philosophy , sociology , political science , and strategic and area studies .
kalikesh is widely reported to have had a love affair with bollywood actress and high profile bengali sen family 's daughter , raima sen. various media reports suggest marriage could not be possible in the wake of controversy linking sen with kunal kapoor after the " rang de basanti " movie .
naihati ( in bengali : নৈহাটী ) is a town and an important railway junction station on the indian railways network , in the district of north 24 parganas , west bengal , india .
zaheer , hasan : " the separation of east pakistan : the rise and realization of bengali muslim nationalism , " oxford university press , 1994 .
the rivalry can be considered as a manifestation of one which already had existed between the two sub - category of bengali people - " ghoti " ( residents of the western part of undivided bengal ) and the refugee " bangal " ( residents of the eastern part of undivided bengal before the independence of india ) since the independence and division of india .
aroj ali matubbar ( ) ( 1900 - 1985 ) , a self - taught peasant - philosopher and apostate of bangladesh , was born in british india on 17 december , 1900 ( bengali year 1307 ) in the village of lamchari in charbaria union , about 11 km from barisal town , currently in bangladesh .
he has acted under the directorial baton of any and every director in bengali cinema one can recall .
he was closely involved in the design of the first type for printing bengali .
bengali films of 1986 .
he started his career as an actor in bengali cinema .
bournbrook also has a very high concentration of curry houses , largely run by bengali immigrants .
the famous bengali linguist harprashad shastri discovered the palm leaf charyapada manuscript in the nepal royal court library in 1907 .
the town has a large percentage of bengali speaking people and a small fraction of muslims as also christians and buddhists .
he was the first bengali to receive that honour .
currently , hoque is working as a deputy editor of the bengali language daily prothom alo which is leading position in bangladesh .
throughout the 1950s and ' 60s , dhaka remained a hotbed of political activity , and the demands for autonomy for the bengali population gradually gained momentum .
it is currently being published in the languages bengali and hindi .
the word is also present as a loanword with the same innocuous meaning in many arabic - influenced languages , such as : urdu , bengali , hindi , persian , turkish , kurdish , indonesian , malay and bosnian .
acajaiba , acajou , acajé ( tupi ) , kaju ( urdu , hindi , bengali , marathi , oriya , gujarati ) , acajuiba , alcayoiba , anacarde , anacardier , anacardo , kasuvandi parippu ( malayalam ) , cacajuil , cajou , caju ( portuguese ) , anacardo , cajueiro , cajuilcasho , cashu , castaña de cajú , marañón ( spanish ) , gajus ( malay),kajjubee ( konkani ) godambi ( kannada ) , hạt điều ( vietnamese ) , jambu , jambu golok , jambu mente , jambu monyet , jambu terong , kacang mede , kacang mete ( indonesian ) , jeedi pappu ( telugu ) , jocote de marañón , kadju ( sinhala ) , kasoy ( tagalog ) , marañón , merey , mundhiri paruppu ( tamil ) , sarsgorilla , noix d’acajou , pajuil , pomme , pomme cajou , mamuang himmaphan ( มะม่วงหิมพานต์ ) ( thai ) , korosho ( kiswahili ) , indijski orah ( serbian ) , indijski orešček and akažu ( slovenian ) .
as of april 2008 , channel s ( including other bengali channels ) was under investigation by ofcom for a breach of the communications act 2003 , after airing election adverts for the liberal democrats during the london mayoral election , 2008 .
he served in the department of bengali , university of dhaka , as a supernumerary professor from 1969 to 1973 .
the bengali almanac , vishuddha siddhanta panjika too describes the 52 peethas including the present modified addresses .
