the two stoats unwittingly run into raga bol and his crew , who take over management of besieging the abbey .
in the 4th century bc , writings of the mohist sect in china describe the use of bellows to pump smoke from burning balls of mustard and other toxic vegetables into tunnels being dug by a besieging army .
he died besieging nice in that year .
holding the rank of colonel , hakha was rescued from helghast besieging his position by captain templar , sergeant rico and shadow marshal luger and worked with them in defeating general lente .
the siege is infamous for a brawl and subsequent combat between german and scottish mercenaries within the besieging army , which claimed the lives of about 1,500 scots .
the report in the annals of ulster for 638 , " the battle of glenn muiresan and the besieging of eten " ( din eidyn , later edinburgh ) , has been taken to represent the capture of din eidyn by the northumbrian king oswald , son of æthelfrith , but the annals mention neither capture , nor northumbrians , so that this is rather a tenuous identification .
it was from blois that joan sent the first of at least two letters addressed to the english forces besieging orléans .
the expedition was planned on a grand scale and reached tărnovo before besieging it for a protracted period .
he then travelled to heeswijk , the headquarters of the french army in vain besieging ' s - hertogenbosch , where he on 16 july concluded the accord of heeswijk with the french , each party agreeing on a minimal shared list of demands and promising never to conclude a separate peace .
he separated the armies of sardinia and austria , defeating them in detail , and forced a peace on sardinia while capturing milan and besieging mantua .
in 953 , adalbert began besieging count adalbert azzo of canossa , in his canossan castle , where adelaide had taken refuge two years prior .
the french forces were even larger than louis had gathered for the siege of mons the previous year : the besieging army amounted some 60,000 men and 151 guns ; the duc de luxembourg ’s army of observation – designed to prevent william coming to namur ’s assistance – also had about 60,000 men .
uhha - ziti died while mursilis was encamped at the astarpa , besieging puranda .
as a result of syracuse 's support for carthage , the romans under marcus claudius marcellus began besieging the city in 214 bc .
via the prince - bishopric of osnabrück and minden , which were still loyal to the emperor , wrisberg 's army marched to bremen to begin besieging the city .
having obtained letters for the king , he left paris on july 31 , 1589 , and reached saint - cloud , the headquarters of henry , who was besieging paris , on august 1 , 1589 .
the first attempt was launched in 1110 ; having joined forces with ilghazi , the emir of mardin , and of soqman al qutbi , emir of khilat , they began by besieging edessa from april of that year , but baldwin i of jerusalem intervened , and forced mawdud to retreat .
boris ii now became a captive of john i tzimiskes , who continued to pursue the kievan army , besieging sviatoslav in drăstăr ( silistra ) , while claiming to act as boris ' ally and protector , and treating the bulgarian monarch with due respect .
in 1087 in france , william burned mantes ( 50 km west of paris ) , besieging the town .
tarquinius was besieging ardea , a city of the rutulians .
fermor , who was then besieging küstrin , learned about his manoeuvre from a cossack sortie .
along with his brother peter , duke of brittany he fought with future louis viii of france in 1212 at nantes and was captured there during a sortie . exchanged after the battle of bouvines for william longsword , earl of salisbury , he fought in the albigensian crusade , besieging avignon in 1226 .
while besieging italian mercenaries defending székesfehérvár , kadan was forced to withdraw his troops after an early thaw flooded the land around the town .
they set about besieging the castle at bauge when a scottish army of 6,000 men commanded by the earl of buchan made contact with them the day before good friday .
when perry took over in february 1994 , the bosnian serbs were besieging sarajevo , the bosnian capital , but the serbs were forced to draw back in face of a un ultimatum and warning of air strikes .
ibrahim 's army also marched in southern calabria , besieging cosenza .
on 18 march 2006 the mdjt started besieging the town .
cardinal richelieu acted as the commander of the besieging troops ( during those times when the king was absent ) .
then he began to put pressure on austria through a more southern route by besieging the castle of kanije .
the fugitive moses went to the camp of king nikanos , or kikanos , of ethiopia , who was at that time besieging his own capital , which had been traitorously seized by balaam and his sons and made impregnable by them through magic .
when the schieringers came asking for his support , john was busy besieging the city of leiden , so he had no aid to give them at that time .
the following year , dye returned to command of his regiment and was part of herron 's division of reinforcements sent to aid the union army besieging vicksburg .
suffren captured trincomalee from the british in july 1782 , in spite of hughes , and in what was apparently the last military engagement of the entire war , battled hughes off cuddalore , where the british were besieging the french .
with sizable anglo - portuguese forces tied up in assaulting san sebastián and besieging pamplona , the new french commander marshal soult launched a counterattack with the armée d'espagne through maya and roncesvalles .
two days later however the mob returned and broke through the fence besieging the building and eventually setting it on fire , becke , walker and the ambassador sir andrew gilchrist bravely stood their ground taking a stand on british sovereign soil and defending the embassy strong room .
the expedition was planned on a grand scale and reached tărnovo before besieging it for a protracted period .
shortly after besieging singara , eastern nomadic tribes attacked and plundered transoxiana province and eastern cities of the sassanid empire .
the bulk of other commie force in shandong was busying fighting nationalists in northern jiangsu in the central jiangsu campaign , and the rest was besieging the nationalist strongholds along the jinpu railway .
in july 1659 , however , vyhovsky and his crimean tatar allies inflicted a heavy defeat upon trubetskoy 's army , then besieging konotop .
he renewed his attack on athens and began another campaign in the dardanelles , besieging the important city of abydus .
" portraits " , by eric flint , deals with the decision to smuggle information about antibiotics to hostile forces besieging amsterdam , where rebecca stearns is trapped .
andrew abandoned his newfound hold over montecassino to defend his city of ancona from reginald of dassel and otto of wittelsbach , generals of barbarossa besieging the city .
during the roman - spartan war , the romans and their allies started besieging gythium .
on may 25 , the navies of the count and the emir engaged in the harbour and , the emir himself dying in battle , the forces of roger landed ashore to find jordan already besieging the city .
although eugene took the fortress of le quesnoy in early july , before besieging valenciennes and landrecies , marshal villars , taking advantage of allied disunity , outmanoeuvred eugene and defeated the earl of albermarle 's dutch garrison at denain on 24 july .
in april the 19-year old duke eric ii joined the besieging army , which numbered 12,000 men with eric 's reinforcements .
swedish relief forced the coalition to withdraw from the fortifications , whereupon the besieging armies drew a wider ring along the lines of the recknitz and peene rivers .
the byzantines were then besieging benevento and romuald 's valiant defence of the city was failing , when grimoald showed up and routed the byzantine menace .
macnab found that it would not be possible to maintain defense and during the night , sword in hand at the head of 300 men they cut their way through the besieging force .
the indians constructed two wooden cannons and were able to trick the garrison into thinking they had artillery besieging the fort as well .
aretas advanced towards jerusalem at the head of 50,000 men , besieging the city for several months .
while besieging a fort , the method adopted by the invading army was to first cut open a wide passage through the jungle around the fort , then fill up the moat to enable the army to approach the walls and finally scale the wall with ladders or break open the gates with the help of elephants trained to do the work .
a few days before the battle , warren and general artemas ward , commander of the besieging forces , inspected noddle 's island and hog island , which lay to the northeast of boston , and east of charlestown .
he then gave swabia to his son berthold and attempted to rectify this situation by besieging würzburg , but to little effect .
after the nomads routed the hungarians besieging zvenigorod , roman igorevich rode out to seek help from kiev .
in 1024 , he submitted to pilgrim , archbishop of cologne , when the latter was besieging capua on behalf of emperor henry ii , though his own duchy was not threatened .
shalmaneser retook carchemish in 849 bc , and in 841 bc marched an army against hazael , king of damascus , besieging that city but not taking it .
surrounded and isolated , william trent , the commander of fort pitt gave representatives of the besieging delawares two blankets and a handkerchief from the pittsburgh smallpox hospital , " out of our regard to them " , when the two delaware men came to talk to him .
on march 16 , an abortive sortie from khartoum was launched , which led to the death of 200 egyptian troops as the combined arab and african warriors besieging khartoum grew to over 30,000 men .
when the townswomen and children attempted to beg for food at the town gates , they were turned away with nothing by the besieging soldiers .
when richard returned to his continental lands in 1194 , the knights of sancho were besieging the castle for him .
after some initial success leading a large arab army into france and besieging a number of french towns and cities including narbonne , béziers , agde , lodève , maguelonne ( montpellier ) and nîmes , he returned to muslim iberia to gather more muslim fighters prior to attacking the strongly defended christian city of toulouse .
during the battle of narva ( 1581 ) , the besieging swedish forces destroyed the walls of narva , strong , within two days using twenty - four double and half - kartouwen .
while henry was besieging havelberg for a month , his son mistue plundered the neighboring linones with 200 saxons and 300 slavs .
in 1832 he commanded the besieging army in the notorious scientific siege of the citadel of antwerp .
all besieging force ( 1 - 10 february ) - 1044 killed , 52 missed , 3411 wounded , 276 sick .
in the late fall of 1864 in young county , texas , a war party of between 500 and 1,000 comanche and kiowa raided the middle brazos river country , stealing virtually every cow , horse , and mule in the area , and besieging the citizen stronghold of fort murrah .
at dunkerque , the french general souham , second in command to hoche , bravely stood fast against the besieging british forces of the duke of york .
during the siege of tuyen quang ( november 1884–march 1885 ) , liu yung - fu 's black flags , who formed part of the besieging chinese army , taunted the men of the french garrison by chanting the names of their two most famous victims : ' garnier
( 1 ) after an invocation to the muses , the story begins " in media res " towards the end of the trojan war between the trojans and the besieging greeks .
semyon budyonny 's 1st cavalry army besieging lwów had been defeated at the battle of komarów ( august 31 , 1920 ) and the battle of hrubieszów .
he is serving under a competent commander , will skeat , and the army is besieging the city of la roche - derrien .
otherwise , exaggerated messages of army besieging the temple would have attracted mobs to the temple premises .
she offered a huge sum of money to mastino in return for the city , but the republic of pisa began besieging in the meantime .
he failed to follow up his successes by taking the offensive against the austrian frontier , contenting himself with besieging buda , the hungarian capital , in which he desired to re - establish the diet .
however , parliament 's newly formed new model army , led by sir thomas fairfax , was marching north from besieging oxford after being instructed to engage the king 's main army .
he fought a number of battles alongside nitta , and led his own force in besieging kyoto .
in april 1780 the 64th was part of the covering force besieging charleston , while the grenadier and light companies formed part of the main siege force .
the malazan 2nd army under high fist dujek is besieging the city of pale , one of only two free cities left in the malazans ' path in genabackis .
john iv the oxite was the orthodox patriarch of antioch at the time of the siege of antioch in 1097 in front of the besieging army of the first crusade .
on 20 january 1754 , the marathas attacked kumher fort , besieging it until 18 may ; a state of war which continued for about four months .
balian led his family in besieging tyre in 1242 .
a letter , seemingly confidential , was despatched to general lauriston in ragusa , announcing his proximate arrival to raise the siege with such a force of dalmatians as must overwhelm russians and montenegrines ; which letter was , as intended by molitor , intercepted and believed by the besieging russians .
in november 1603 the spanish army defeats protestant troops besieging ' s - hertogenbosch , an important fortification in northern brabant .
while distrustful of each other , partisans and chetniks started taking joint actions and besieging larger towns together .
in addition , the consul fabius vibulanus , who was at that point besieging antium , moved his forces to attack tusculum .
america effectively won its war with britain when british general lord charles cornwallis surrendered unconditionally to the besieging armies of general george washington and his ally , the french on october 17 , 1781 at yorktown , virginia , with the british drummers beating out the strangely appropriate march , " the day the world turned upside down " for the occasion .
he and his son eleuthère irénée du pont were among those who physically defended louis xvi and marie antoinette from a mob besieging the tuileries palace in paris during the insurrection of august 10 , 1792 .
the besieging army had not only to deal with the gallant musketry of the mankera troops but had to find out ways to deal with the natural difficulties as well .
on 4 october that year , saladin launched a new attack against the crusader army besieging the town .
with li weiyue and liang ( who had been defeated by li xilie and committed suicide ) defeated and the forces loyal to the imperial government besieging tian and li na , it was believed that the rebels would soon be destroyed and the empire returned to unity .
after achieving this the rebels marched to lincoln to assist a rebel force besieging lincoln castle ; while the town had fallen to the rebels , the castle garrison had remained loyal to king henry .
from there , according to geoffrey , cadwallon led an army into dumnonia , where he encountered and defeated the mercians besieging exeter , and forced their king , penda , into an alliance .
ultimately , a message was sent into the castle tied to an arrow , explaining that the besieging army had taken the wife and children of one of the defenders hostage , and would crucify them unless he betrayed his compatriots .
the tower , on one of the highest points of la rochelle , was used as a gun tower against the besieging army of louis xiii in 1627 .
the persians then began besieging the city .
however , once he arrived in the mediterranean byng found an equally - sized french fleet and an 15,000-strong army besieging the fortress .
however , by october 1 , 1040 , alan iii was poisoned to death while besieging a rebel castle in vimoutiers .
after besieging aleppo for seven days , the mongols sacked it and massacred its population .
the ancient earthwork may well have provided a suitable campsite for the besieging parliamentarian forces , but cannon of the period would have lacked the range to fire on winchester castle and city walls from the so - called battery site .
the confederates besieging the fort had taken positions which exposed them to fire from the gunboats .
while the romans were attacking heraclea , philip with his army and a few romans started besieging lamia , which was seven miles away from heraclea .
the desmond rebels engaged in bloody conflict along the coast of munster , besieging the city of cork , amongst others , with the demand that all efforts at colonisation cease .
this expedition subjugated the cyclades , before besieging , capturing and razing eretria .
elected praetor in 193 bc he was given hispania citerior as his province where he carried on a successful war by besieging and capturing the wealthy town of litabrum .
their loyalty to their own seigneur and the english crown prevented any betrayal of their purpose , and the dawn of morning showed to the astonished french a fleet of british ships encompassing them by sea and a standing army of the islanders besieging them by land .
ka'b was , according to al - waqidi 's account , initially reluctant to break the contract and argued that muhammad never broke any contract with them or exposed them to any shame , but decided to support the meccans after huyayy had promised to join the qurayza in medina if the besieging army would return to mecca without having killed muhammad .
there he fought against the armies of manco inca yupanqui that were besieging lima in 1536 , against diego de almagro in 1537 and at the battle of las salinas in 1538 .
under suleiman , a brilliant strategist , the ottomans advanced steadily northward , taking belgrade , the capital of serbia in 1521 , defeating hungary in 1526 , and besieging vienna in 1529 .
frederick ii had won a battle against austria and was now besieging prague .
sailing from cádiz between 21–24 february 1811 , the anglo – spanish expedition regrouped at tarifa on 27 february 1811 and marched towards the besieging french force 's rear at chiclana .
soon after , bera , who was part of the besieging army , was invested as the first count of barcelona .
on 23 april , a symbolic 140-men strong unit led by major sítek detached from the troops besieging dunkirk , joined with the 3rd us army and raised the czechoslovak flag on its homeland border crossing on 1 may 1945 at cheb .
in the battle , polish forces defeated the swedish relief force and captured the besieging force , relieving the polish garrison .
the passes were , however , covered in snow , but the expeditionary force contrived some proper shoes ( " abarca " in basque ) to make it through the mountains , which allowed them to catch the besieging muslim assailants by surprise and overcome them , hence the nickname .
meanwhile the scottish magnates , indignant at their castle of edinburgh 's being in english hands , proposed to besiege it , but they desisted when they found they would be besieging their king and queen .
besieging akbar 's castle is futile , however , and both sides are aware of it .
late on 6 may , the iraqis besieging habbaniya pulled out .
in october 1217 , when simon was besieging toulouse once more , he sent a group of sympathisers to paris to plead for the help of king philippe - auguste .
after leading murong yong to believe that he would attack western yan 's capital zhangzi ( 長子 , in modern changzhi , shanxi ) through taihang pass ( 太行 , in modern jiaozuo , henan ) , he instead surprised western yan by attacking through tianjing pass ( 天井關 , in modern handan , henan ) , quickly advancing on zhangzi and began besieging it .
however , the easterlings were occupied with besieging the dwarves and the men of dale at lonely mountain , and were never able to join the attack on thranduil .
however , a number of german and romanian units that were involved in " blau " were then in the process of besieging sevastopol on the crimean peninsula .
in wallenstein 's camp , there were 120,000 soldiers , 50,000 horses , 15,000 women , and 15,000 servants . foraging to supply such a large static besieging force proved to be extremely difficult .
in late summer 1449 due to lack of potable water the albanian garrison surrendered the castle with the condition of a safe passage through the ottoman besieging forces , a condition which was accepted and respected by the sultan .
the approach to the fortress from the landward side is across a wide area of loose shingle , unsuitable for siting heavy guns , so that besieging artillery is kept out of range .
he was besieged by disaffected nobles and nashir khan , but managed to break through the besieging force with help of khalaf hasan basri who was sent by ala - ud - din ahmed shah ii .
the persians had recently gone to war with the portuguese , and a persian army was besieging the portuguese fort in kishm , but english help was needed to capture ormuz .
soult ordered victor to send almost a third of his troops to support soult 's assault on badajoz , reducing the besieging french army to around 15,000 men .
sforza schemes were voted down by the republic in favor of more traditional tactics , namely besieging lodi directly .
sometimes sieges were broken off when the enemy threatened to attack the besieging army , or , on the spanish side , conquered cities were given up immediately when the conquering army turned mutinous .
reinforced in january 1885 to a strength of 4,500 men , the french won two impressive tactical victories against the besieging chinese in late january and early march 1885 , but were not strong enough to exploit these victories .
for the next several months , colonna fought an evasive war of maneuver against odet de foix , vicomte de lautrec , the french commander , besieging cities but refusing to give battle .
philip ii was not happy with the loss of his vassals and invaded the duchy , besieging châtillon .
the ottomans sent another expedition into albania , besieging shkodër , but again failed to subdue it .
salaethus was executed immediately , although he suggested that , in return for his life , he would have the spartan force besieging plataea withdrawn .
then krum returned to adrianople and strengthened the besieging forces .
as phalaikos was besieging lyttus , the spartans arrived and relieved the siege .
in june it was ordered to the support of ulysses s. grant , who was then besieging vicksburg , and proceeding there promptly , it participated in the investment of the city , although not under fire .
this was because both the imperial garrison and the besieging force of the hōjō demonstrated high levels of siegecraft .
additional troops continued to arrive , and by may , the garrison was 26,000 strong , while the besieging french forces had risen to 25,000 .
however , as his troops were also besieging the muslim citadel of badajoz , ferdinand ii was able to push the portuguese out of galicia and to rush to badajoz .
amalric then breached his alliance with shawar by turning his forces on egypt and besieging the city of bilbeis .
her next two novels , " the besieging city " ( 1926 ) and " pins and pinnacles " ( 1928 ) , were set in new york and paris respectively .
maserfield effectively marked the overthrow of northumbrian supremacy , and in the years that followed the mercians apparently campaigned into bernicia , besieging bamburgh at one point ; the northumbrian sub - kingdom of deira supported penda during his 655 invasion .
since may 1706 a french army of 48,000 under louis d'aubusson de la feuillade was besieging the savoy capital turin , while another army of 44,000 under louis joseph de bourbon , duc de vendôme barred the austrians ' path from lake garda .
gen. ulysses s. grant reinforced troops at chattanooga and advanced to orchard knob against confederate troops besieging the city .
the expedition island - hopped through the cyclades , before besieging and destroying eretria .
command of the besieging army then came to d'asfeld .
he refused the ecclesiastical life , however , and joined the army of prince thomas of savoy , then besieging in piedmont .
wellington renewed the allied advance into spain just after new year in 1812 , besieging and capturing the fortified towns of ciudad rodrigo on january 19 and badajoz , after a costly assault , on april 6 .
by early june , the rpf had managed to sweep through the eastern half of the country and move south and west , while besieging kigali in the center .
he was back in 1624 , however , besieging breda , and dutch morale slumped , despite the diplomatic success of the treaty of compiègne with louis xiii of france , in which the latter agreed to support the dutch military effort with an annual subsidy of a million guilders ( 7% of the dutch war budget ) .
the campaign against anjou 's forces began in march , with the allies advancing , destroying several magazines and besieging the city of villena ; soon after beginning the siege , however , they were soon alerted by several french deserters that a large franco - spanish force was advancing towards almansa to the north - east .
after besieging and taking siwana , jalor , and warangal , the indian army , led by the alauddin khilji indian slave commander malik kafur , invaded malababar from devagiri in 1311 .
he then joined the king , defending bronllys castle in a war against his father - in - law , llywelyn ab iorwerth who was at the time besieging nearby brecon .
in early 1861 admiral léonard charner broke the siege of saigon by defeating the vietnamese besieging army at the battle of ky hoa ( 25 february 1861 ) .
as senior officer lawrence took over the command , but was careful to allow clive every credit for his share in the subsequent operations , which included the relief of trichinopoly and the surrender of the entire french besieging force .
in february 1882 , a french expedition attacked one of samori ’s armies besieging keniera .
bragadin 's fame rests upon the incredible resistance that he made against the vastly superior besieging forces .
a month later , after besieging the city of tarragona , the 1st/81st retreated offshore with the rest of anglo - spanish - sicilian force when general murray was fooled into believing that advancing french columns were significantly larger than they actually were .
as the aim to take all enemy strongholds on the loire banks was put forward the besieging of saint - pierre - le - moûtier was adopted .
yuan shao 's general yan liang crossed the yellow river and attacked cao cao 's fort at boma , besieging it .
at the culmination of the assault , the besieging forces managed to make a breach in the walls .
in the winter and spring of 1655 , ( prince ) radziwill launched a counter - offensive in belarus , recapturing orsha and besieging mogilyov .
the cannonfire by this small force killed 5 and wounded another 31 of the besieging british .
it took place between august 3 and september 5 , 1643 , between the defending parliamentarian garrison of gloucester and the besieging army of king charles i. the siege ended with the arrival of a relieving parliamentarian army under the earl of essex .
guigues was finally killed while besieging the savoyard castle of perrière in 1333 .
he conquered molina de aragón and repopulated monzón in 1129 , before besieging valencia , which had fallen again upon the cid 's death .
after the daybreak , from the fortification , a surprising sally of the despot 's army overwhelmed the many besieging syracusans , who retreated in utter disorder .
philip 's patience finally ran out when the athenians formed an alliance with byzantion , which philip was at that time besieging , and he wrote the athenians declaring war .
in december 1864 he was placed in command of all siege artillery in the army of the potomac and army of the james that were besieging petersburg .
but he dared not take the offensive , and did nothing to save condé - sur - l'escaut , which the austrians were besieging .
leven had by now returned to yorkshire , and a fortnight after naseby , carlisle fell to david leslie 's besieging corps , after a long and honourable defence by sir thomas glemham .
spartan forces besieging an athenian city placed a lighted mixture of wood , pitch , and sulfur under the walls hoping that the noxious smoke would incapacitate the athenians , so that they would not be able to resist the assault that followed .
he therefore started to mass his forces on the french border when word came that the dutch had suddenly invested the city of breda with a besieging army of 18,000 .
in 1280 , peter defeated the stewing rebellion led by roger - berengar iii after besieging the rebels in balaguer for a month .
the duke was drowned while besieging gibraltar , then under the control of the spanish moors .
the qin army led a direct invasion into wei by besieging its capital daliang but soon realized that the city walls were too tough to break into .
this allowed the bulk of the besieging force to reinforce gough 's army .
the city fell to the besieging american forces on 17 july , just two weeks after the great american naval victory .
the operations on shore were slackly conducted by him , and suffren was much hampered , but when he fought his last battle against hughes at the battle of cuddalore ( 1783 ) ( april 20 , 1783 ) , with fifteen ships to eighteen he forced the british admiral to retire to madras , leaving the army then besieging cüddalore in a very dangerous position .
charles i responded to these events by besieging the town .
while the ship had been abroad , the battle of bunker hill had been fought , the other colonies acting in congress had pledged to support massachusetts in its struggle for freedom , and george washington had taken command of the american army besieging british - occupied boston .
philip began besieging amphipolis is 357 bc ; the amphipolitans , abandoning their anti - athenian policy , promptly appealed to athens , offering to return to its control .
he played a role in the irish campaign by besieging the jacobite stronghold at carrickfergus .
a member of the antonia " gens " , antony was born in winter 83 - 2 bc , probably in sulla 's army besieging athens during the mithridates war .
joint byzantine and göktürks operations were focused on besieging tiflis
at the time of britain 's entry into the war , as part of the first coalition , hope was serving in the sloop hms " bulldog " in the mediterranean sea , and conducted several convoys to the forces of lord hood , who was besieging toulon at the time .
without relief from other forces and facing defeat , the rani committed jauhar with other women on march 8 , 1535 , while the rajput army sallied out to meet the besieging muslim army and committed saka .
the news that sturm had been vindicated caused the knight derek crownguard to lead his faction of knights in a hopeless attack against the besieging dragonarmy forces .
these maneuvers did not pass unnoticed , as villeroi let his intentions be known with the goal of worrying the allied armies besieging namur .
a sortie from the city was repelled but weakened the besieging british , and on 29 june a british ship flying under a truce flag brought news of a preliminary peace agreement between the two nations , resulting in a mutually - agreed suspension of hostilities on july 2 .
the orc - captains of the south commanding an army reduced in strength from besieging the havens of the falas after the first battle of beleriand , move north to join the attack .
the siege of sparta took place in 272 bc was a battle fought between epirus under king pyrrhus , who was besieging the city of sparta , and an alliance consisting of sparta under the command of king areus i and acrocratus and macedon .
however , an attempt by a combined munster and leinster force , commanded by preston and castlehaven , to follow up this success by besieging youghal ended in failure .
john morris surmised that the line of a certain morcant bulc referred to these monarchs , chiefly because he identified this man as the murderer of urien rheged who was , at the time , besieging lindisfarne .
in 390 bce , when his father was pontifex maximus , he and two of his brothers , numerius and caeso , were sent as emissaries to a gaulish army besieging clusium .
he quickly made for jerusalem , besieging the city and trapping judas maccabeus , the spiritual and military leader of judea , inside .
they spent their captivity in the monastery " nea metanoia " ( new repentance ) and were used as hostages to prevent heraclius from besieging constantinople .
he then started besieging antony in his fort on cranae .
he then joined the king , defending bronllys castle in a war against his father - in - law , llywelyn ab iorwerth who was at the time besieging nearby brecon .
philip certainly started besieging methone , the last athenian possession in macedon , during this period , but different historians choose different dates for this siege .
in 1743 , persian nadir shah destroyed additional villages after besieging and entering kirkuk and arbil .
during the roman - persian war of 421–422 , he invaded arzanene and mesopotamia , besieging nisibis and defeating seven persian generals .
hadrian ’s repressive policies in judea resulted in the bar kokhba revolt which the emperor had julius severus quash by besieging the guerrillas’ mountain base , visited by snow , in israel .
richard did not enjoy the benefits of the castle for long , however , as he died in normandy on 6 april 1199 , from an infected arrow wound to his shoulder , sustained while besieging châlus .
the soldiers of wellington 's army who died besieging the citadelle in 1813 are buried in the nearby english cemetery , visited by queen victoria and other british dignitaries when staying in biarritz .
the norwegian campaigns were halted and the army withdrawn when charles xii was shot dead while besieging norwegian fredriksten on 30 november 1718 ( os ) .
in 1805 , the 35th was attached to general sir james craig 's force that landed in sicily and oswald took part the following year in the invasion of calabria under sir john stuart , fighting at the battle of maida and besieging scylla castle and forcing its surrender .
then john the fearless pursued the princes of orléans and their allies to bourges , which orléans was besieging , but the royal army appeared in front of the city on june 11 , 1412 .
on the night of august 24–august 25 the lines of circumvallation drawn round that place by the prince were brilliantly stormed by turenne 's army , and condé won equal credit for his safe withdrawal of the besieging corps under cover of a series of bold cavalry charges led by himself as usual , sword in hand .
they sailed from port royal on 7 june with troops under major general carmichael to assist the spanish forces besieging the french in the city of san domingo .
three months later , fremantle attacked the city of trieste , blockading it from the sea , bombarding its defences and landing marines and cannon to join with the besieging austrian armies and force the city 's surrender .
again the speaker deplores his besieging .
carter quickly concluded that this was too dangerous — not least because the large gathering of fans that would assemble might be shelled by the besieging serb nationalists .
emperor sher shah suri campaigned against the chandelas , and captured mahoba before dying while besieging kalinjar in 1545 .
after assuming office , the united front government issued a circular to the police , stating that police would not be able to interfere in " gheraos " ( besieging blockades ) unless having the permission of the minister of labour .
the partnership with amir vali furthermore did not last , and in 1381 the latter was besieging sabzavar again . '
the intention of besieging forces was to isolate the 100,000 jewish residents of the city from the rest of the jewish inhabitants of palestine and , in the case of the jordanian forces , to conquer east jerusalem ( including the old city ) .
while the armies of emperor kaloyan were besieging odrin to the east , the king of solun boniface of montferrat launched attacks towards bulgaria from serres supported by the byzantines .
the following year ( 497 bc ) , onesilus ( still besieging amathus ) , heard that a persian force under artybius had been dispatched to cyprus .
bakaris , the blue dragonarmy officer in charge of the besieging force , approaches the tower after the battle with the headless body of lord alfred markenin and the dying derek .
vauban refined besieging to a science with a methodical process that , if uninterrupted , would break even the strongest fortifications .
meanwhile , the russian fleet was besieging koroni with assistance from the western legion .
aimery died in battle before the walls of the moorish city of fraga , which alfonso had been besieging .
catinat , advancing from fenestrelle and susa to the relief pinerolo , defended by the count of tessé and which the duke of savoy was besieging , took up a position in formal order of battle north of the village of marsaglia , near orbassano .
gallienus returned in 263 or 265 and , as even " historia augusta " admits , was entirely successful , finally besieging postumus in an unnamed gallic city .
as this tactic could often take months or even years to see results , the besieging army sometimes even built their own castle or fortress nearby .
ibn ishaq writes that during the siege , the qurayza readmitted huyayy ibn akhtab , the chief of the banu nadir whom muhammad had exiled and who had instigated the alliance of his tribe with the besieging quraysh and ghatafan tribes .
this proved a costly fiasco as spinola 's besieging army of 18,000 melted away through disease and desertion .
b-52s were instrumental in nearly wiping out enemy concentrations besieging khe sanh in 1968 and an loc and kontum in 1972 .
agnello appointed his third son , also agnello , co - doge and began to oppose giustiniano , even besieging him in san severo .
the battle of the novogorodians with the suzdalians ( ru : битва новгородцев с суздальцами ) is a twelfth century episode in which the city of novgorod the great was said to have been miraculously delivered from a besieging army from suzdalia ( the area around vladimir , suzdal , and moscow . )
guy then set about besieging acre .
hannibal mago sent two expeditions to sicily , the first one in 410 bc which drove the selinute army from segestan territory , and the second one obliterated selinus after besieging the city in 409 bc .
the order for " georg " , dated 22 august , specified " battery 628 " with three guns , presumably with two operational guns and one in reserve was to participate . " army group north " reported the battery 's arrival on 1 and 2 september 1942 , but the soviets preempted " georg " with heavy attacks against the german forces besieging leningrad so the " karl - geräte " did n't get into action .
while li ji was initially unable to prevail in besieging the zhao capital of handan ( modern handan , hebei ) , zhao 's hopes were virtually lost when xiongnu forces , realizing zhao was about to be defeated , chose not to join in the battle .
on 7 february , mendizabal launched a strong sally against the besieging french lines : the portuguese cavalry , supported by a small group of infantrymen , feinted towards the french left wing while a strong force of 5,000 men attacked the right .
that same year , or in 426 , he defeated the visigoths , who were besieging arelate , and obliged them to return to aquitaine .
while the austrians were besieging these bridges over the rhine , moreau sent 14 demi - brigades into italy to assist in the siege of mantua .
however , on seeing the besieging army , he flees to the belfry , leaving steven still chained .
the diversity of leonardo 's interests , remarked on by vasari as apparent in his early childhood , was to express itself in his journals which record his scientific observations of nature , his meticulous dissection of corpses to understand anatomy , his experiments with machines for flying , for generating power from water and for besieging cities , his studies of geometry and his architectural plans , as well as personal memos and creative writing including fables .
nine buildings , including the circa-1730 nelson house , still survive from this period , as well as many of the earthworks dug by the besieging american and french forces .
the troops of prince diponegoro were very successful in the beginning , controlling the middle of java and besieging yogyakarta .
he spent ten months ( july 1474 – june 1475 ) besieging the little town of neuss on the rhine ( the siege of neuss ) , but was compelled by the approach of a powerful imperial army to raise the siege .
however , overnight the soviet forces completed the encirclement of the city and joined up with the german army besieging lwów from the west .
zeno had theodoric fight against illus and the usurper leontius , besieging them at papurius in 484 - 488 .
however , the byzantine managed to bribe pavle branović and while the bulgarians were besieging adrianople , the serbs started hostilities against bulgaria but this time simeon easily fought them out - he sent zaharije with an army in serbia .
as the player characters move to investigate , they encounter armies of the living dead and other vile creatures besieging the last pockets of human resistance .
this force set out to confront berne by besieging the border town of laupen .
the besieging force of 35,000 men was led by maeda toshiie and uesugi kagekatsu .
on june 2 , halleck telegraphed that if rosecrans was unwilling to move , some of his troops would be sent to mississippi to reinforce grant , who by then was besieging vicksburg , but was potentially threatened by the army of joseph e. johnston to his rear .
to find reinforcements for the west country where prince maurice was besieging lyme , they ordered the fortress of reading , in berkshire , to be abandoned .
most of these troops were besieging the british garrison in boston , under general thomas gage .
since february , the visigoths , led by alaric i , had been besieging the emperor honorius of the western roman empire in the fortress of hasta in liguria .
