in theravada countries and institutions , this discourse is often recited as part of religious , public and private ceremonies for the purpose of blessing new endeavors and dispelling inauspicious forces .
for some people , the authenticity of the chalice of valencia failed to receive papal blessing .
gaston is brought out , but roger refuses to give him his blessing .
in 1915 , with gilbert ’s blessing , he left the firm and set up shop as an independent architectural delineator .
in missouri at the beginning of the civil war , volunteer unionist home guard regiments were formed with the blessing of federal authorities to oppose secessionist governor claiborne jackson 's militia and his intent to deny missouri enlistments into federal service .
the institute was founded with the assistance of the brotherhood of st. photius and with the blessing of patriarch sergius i ( stragorodsky ) of moscow .
chrétien states at the beginning of " lancelot " that marie de champagne had commissioned him to compose the poem , and godefroi says at the end that with chrétien 's blessing , he had brought the work from line 6132 , where lancelot has been trapped behind a wall by meleagant , to its conclusion some thousand lines later .
that god has shown nama ( namdev ) in his heart and thus khecar ( visoba ) confers a blessing on him .
in march 1929 , nearly 1,000 people joined bishop hickey at the blessing the new facility .
in the eastern orthodox church , though the hierarch ( bishop ) does not wear a ring , he holds his fingers in such a way as to form the initials associated with jesus christ , it is customary to kiss this symbol of christ when receiving his blessing ( which one should do upon being introduced ) .
his right hand is raised in blessing .
those who have come and wish to get the blessing of lord amirthakadeswarar and lordess abirami for their prosperous life at thirukkadaiyur , should also visit this markandayar ’s temple for a full prosperous life and for the welfare of their family .
the 1990s saw a big change when rev. moon allowed the blessing to be given to other people besides unification church members .
4 . which is the village of hampra , located in the vicinity of trigramyama ( salatiga ) with the blessing of siddhewi ( the diva who is perfect or late ) as a tax - free
in 1539 sher - shah - suri before attacking himayun took the blessing of raj dev .
this can be a mixed blessing because the 4 metre amateur allocation is only 0.5 mhz or less , and a single broadcast station causes considerable interference to a large part of the band .
the rule of the blessing ( 1qsb ) is a very fragmentary text once thought to be part of the dead sea scrolls book known as the community rule .
the kings of león and castile were trying to re - annex the country and the roman catholic church was late in giving its blessing and approval .
general jackson went to the convent himself to thank the nuns for their prayers : " by the blessing of heaven , directing the valor of the troops under my command , one of the most brilliant victories in the annals of war was obtained .
the major coalition base of camp blessing is located near nangalam to the west .
in late march and early april , thousands of party meetings were held all over poland , with politburo and secretariat blessing .
sometimes the gods condemn these interactions but at other times they occur with their blessing .
mercedes lackey presents a gently lampooned version of the concept in her tales of the five hundred kingdoms series , in which fairy godmother and white wizard are career options for young women and men who have access to magic , the blessing of the fae folk , and a certain depth of character .
the blessing ceremony , preferably held outside the church includes the reading of a gospel account of how jesus rode into jerusalem humbly on a donkey , reminiscent of a davidic victory procession , and how people placed palms on the ground in front of him .
this blessing is said whenever something pleasant that has not happened for a while is encountered .
according to most opinions , the blessing may only be recited if the sun can be seen .
his reign was a mixed blessing for the chinese populace .
the evangelist is available to offer a sacred blessing which can assist persons to recognize and touch the divine nature of god that resides within them .
she sings " send me a song " and " the blessing " , both originals that have been featured on the original and " a new journey " cds , dvds , and tours respectively .
sundiata based his one man show " blessing the boats " on experiences of heroin addiction ( back in the 60s ) , a car crash and a kidney transplant from a friend .
payments made by homeowners are put toward future greater blessing projects .
a blessing and a curse .
the church encourages large families and sees this as a blessing .
the long blessing of the font and baptismal water is a combination of the gelasian and gregorian forms .
green pitches can also assist the seam bowler since the tiny tufts of grass represent an uneven surface although this is a mixed blessing since the green surface also slows the ball slightly .
at jewish marriages , circumcisions , and at redemption of first - born ceremonies , the obligatory blessing of " borei pri hagafen " ( " blessed are you o lord , who created the fruit of the vine " ) is almost always recited over kosher wine ( or grape juice ) .
the kirpan is always kept sheathed except when it is drawn on such occasions as blessing of the karah prasad , ceremonial sweet pudding or langar distributed during religious ceremonies .
ordination of women and blessing of same - sex unions are allowed .
ethan crashes the commitment ceremony but only to give leo his silent blessing .
the sign of the cross may be made by individuals upon themselves as a form of prayer , and by clergy upon others or objects as an act of blessing .
the blessing of the bicycles is an annual tradition which began at the cathedral of saint john the divine in new york city , in which riders of bicycles are blessed by a priest in the hope that it will bring safety for the coming season .
this liturgy is followed by a blessing of waters , during which the cross is immersed in the water , symbolizing jesus ' descent into the jordan , and holy " myron " ( chrism ) poured in , symbolic of the descent of the holy spirit upon jesus .
i played it for days , and i started singing , " hold the line , love is n't always on time . " it was a phrase that just came into my head .... it was a blessing .
kaddish’ refers to the mourning prayer or blessing in judaism .
using archive news and super-8 footage , much of it never seen before , the film looks at the effect that the event had on the young yemeni - british men who attended the blessing .
the first room of the piano nobile at the head of the jordan staircase , it formed the processional exit of the neva enfilade , and presented a procession with a choice , either to descend the staircase and exit the palace , which happened once a year for the ceremony of blessing the waters of the neva , or to turn right and continue through the next enfilade to the the small throne room ( " 5 " ) or continue on through the armorial hall ( " 6 " ) and military gallery ( " 7 " ) to the great throne room ( " 8 " ) or grand church ( " 9 " ) .
renis finds mykros and gives him his blessing in rebellion .
these mantras salute soma , gandharva , agni , indra , vayu , the aswini devas , savita , brihaspati , viswa devas and varuna for blessing the marriage and beseeches them to confer long wedded life , health , wealth , children and freedom from all kinds of worries .
on 20 january 1689 the young men of the village were rebuked by the church courts for " having made a burning clavie , paying it superstitious worship , and blessing the boats after the old heathen custom . "
this ritual site , built in the time of king umi a liloa , was used for construction and blessing of canoes .
the homicide caught the nation 's attention when , 12 days after ryan 's body was found , authorities , with the blessing of police command , charged a 7-year - old boy and 8-year - old boy with the murder , making them the youngest murder suspects in the nation at the time .
in the oxford group , sharing was considered a necessity , it allowed one to be healed , therefore it was also a blessing to share .
he is not involved in gun 's reformation but has given his blessing to it
sportsbook radio is hosted by brian blessing from 8pm to 9pm et .
orthodox of lower ranks ( lay people , altar servers and deacons ) when meeting orthodox priests ( or higher ranks ) receive a blessing by folding their hands ( right over left ) palm upwards while he of the priestly office makes the sign of the cross in the air with his hand over the folded hands of the lay person and then places that hand on the folded hands of he of lower rank for him to kiss .
emma also gives her blessing to paula becoming involved with jim fairley .
therefore to express a blessing , is like bestowing a wish on someone that she will experience the favor of god . "
katy 's trials reflect a popular theme in the girls ' fiction of the era : a headstrong girl suffers a debilitating accident or illness which proves to be a blessing in disguise , because it helps her forget her selfish desires and live for others instead .
in religious and magical practice , insufflation and exsufflation are ritual acts of blowing , breathing , hissing , or puffing that signify variously expulsion or renunciation of evil or of the devil ( the evil one ) , or infilling or blessing with good ( especially , in religious use , with the spirit or grace of god ) .
nevertheless , the evening brings the news of a miracle : people gather around the mural , and the painter arrives to find the image of the lord buddha extending his hand as a blessing over a small white cat .
the plot - lines vary , but are always bizarre , revolving around buster 's outstanding physical attributes being a blessing or a curse .
here , she learns that the blessing eragon bestowed on the child in eragon was worded wrongly due to his lack of basic knowledge of the ancient language at the time , becoming a curse of sorts .
at first , the buddha spoke about generosity ( dana ) , morality ( sila ) , celestial states ( sagga ) , the evils of sensual pleasure ( kamadinava ) , blessing of renunciation ( nekkhammanisamsa ) , before teaching the four noble truths .
tieri never went to the commission , but he nevertheless told caponigro he had the commission 's blessing .
the detailed " acta " of these martyrs were ascribed to the aptly - named " eulogius " ( " blessing " ) , who was one of the last two to die .
robert robinson ( september 27,1735 – june 9 , 1790 ) was a dissenting minister known for authoring " come thou fount of every blessing " which he wrote at age 22 after becoming a methodist minister .
after he performed for the pope ( " he held my hand and gave me his blessing , " d'or said .
each weapon and type of armor has modifiers affecting its combat effectiveness , such as accuracy , damage , blessing , and racial modifiers .
thayet and buri visit her there , where alanna gives her blessing on thayet 's upcoming marriage to jonathan .
in both 1975 and 1987 " lexington " , with the blessing and cooperation of the us navy , served as a filming location at sea for the films midway and war and remembrance .
needless to say , these ‘ all jimmy’ recordings are almost impossible for me to listen to yet , but what a blessing to have them .
lee set him apart six months later as a bishop — mentioning in the blessing that he likely would not have been called if he had accepted the commission .
the band decided to revert back to mickey finn 's t - rex with the blessing of his family .
her husband is appalled and as her family is thrown into disarray , the ball turns out to be a blessing in disguise as old wounds are healed and the family learn acceptance and love are all they ever needed .
her poems reflect her abiding faith - for example in " kaasher berakhti ' al hanerot " - " when i said the blessing over the shabbat candles " כאשר ברכתי על הנרות .
on 20 october , 1696 , he received the abbatial blessing .
the band has stated that this album was a mixed blessing , saying that although they regret the " backing band " stigma that it gave them , they loved the way the album turned out .
in addition , a patriarchal blessing is given by the laying on of hands of a patriarch to a church member .
and from this time forth i appoint unto him [ hyrum ] that he may be a prophet , and a seer , and a revelator unto my church , as well as my servant joseph ; that he may act in concert also with my servant joseph ; and that he shall receive counsel from my servant joseph , who shall show unto him the keys whereby he may ask and receive , and be crowned with the same blessing , and glory , and honor , and priesthood , and gifts of the priesthood , that once were put upon him that was my servant oliver cowdery ...
, ii , 26 ) , was customarily distributed in his time to catechumens , and he even gives it the name of sacramentum , as having received the formal blessing of the church : " quod acceperunt catechumeni , quamvis non sit corpus christi , sanctum tamen est , et sanctius quam cibi quibus alimur , quoniam sacramentum est " ( what the catechumens receive , though it is not the body of christ , is holy — holier , indeed , than our ordinary food , since it is a sacramentum ) .
the ordination of women and the blessing of same - sex unions has been allowed .
deconsecration is the act of removing a religious blessing from something that had been previously consecrated by a minister or priest of that religion .
they are typically embroidered with the logo , בורא מיני מזונות ( " who creates all kinds of grains " ) , the final words in the hebrew blessing over cake .
in 1887 he had an audience with pope leo xiii , who rebuked the bishop of charleston for denouncing the anti - masonic confessions as a fraud and in 1896 sent his blessing to an anti - masonic congress in trent .
samson had been blessed by the lord with great strength but had lost this blessing .
he sent his blessing in an ecumenical manner : " may the lord bless everything you do for the case of christian unity . "
the staff apparently secretes a fluid which , after offering a blessing , he digs into the ground to release the zombies .
magic plays a major role in daily life through healing , exorcism , asking for rain , cursing enemies , blessing , divination and analysis of one 's relationship with the spirits .
“ mr. president - elect , we are gathered in this historic church to convey god ’s special blessing to you , your family , and your administration .
( ) and isaac blessed jacob with fertility and the blessing of abraham , that he might possess the land that god had assigned to abraham .
itchy lies on a table , presumably for his briss , between a congregation of jewish mice and scratchy , who is saying a hebrew prayer : " baruch atah adonai , alohienu melech haholahm , boray pur " ( a familiar blessing said over wine ) .
paisius 's translation of " philokalia " was one of the favourite books of saint seraphim of sarov , who received blessing to go to sarov for spiritual devotion from the paisius 's monastery close friend abba dositheus near kiev .
all of these books contain such features as meditations for the presiding celebrant(s ) during the liturgy , and other material such as the rite for the blessing of palms on palm sunday , propers for special feast days , and instructions for proper ceremonial order .
originally , this kiddush consisted only of the blessing over the wine .
the artist recounts that his empathy for lily and the pity for his first wife ’s death fused into what he calls “ the dark blessing of my life .
blessing 's recent plays include " a body of water " , " whores " , " the scottish play " , " black sheep " , " fortinbras " , and many others .
it also follows that if they were repeatedly successful , then they must have ' divine blessing ' and would wish to give thanks to , and worship , the deity to whom they ascribed their support .
on march 19 , 1948 , the blessing of the cornerstone took place with archbishop m.j. o'doherty officiating .
the annual river fest celebrated along the sudbury , assabet , and concord rivers often includes an event at egg rock to perform “ a blessing to honor the spirit of the river and the river of life . "
blessing .
although critically acclaimed and well accepted by fans , " the quiet offspring " has a more traditional rock sound and leaves behind much of the progressiveness and atmospheric feels of the band 's previous albums , " light of day , day of darkness " and " a blessing in disguise " .
the following month a second recorded ship , " the blessing " , set sail for the gold coast .
joan gardner as tiny tim ( " played " by the animated character gerald mcboing - boing ) sings of " razzleberry dressing " and " woofle jelly cake . " in " the lord 's bright blessing " .
it became the first ship in the u.s fleet to receive a papal blessing when it was blessed by pope john paul ii in naples , italy , september 4 , 1981 .
this turned out to be a blessing in disguise , when the raptors were given the 4th overall pick in the 2003 nba draft and brought another star to toronto in chris bosh .
krishna said " arjuna , i myself who own the whole weight of the entire universe am sitting on your chariot and your chariot is covered by the blessing of lord hanuman .
by mid - january 1976 , and after another attempt at a house blessing by george and kathy , they experienced what would turn out to be their final night in the house .
she did not approve of julia dating noah keefer but eventually gave them her blessing when they we d in 1996 .
the three - part blessing prayers specifically address the various contents of the baskets , with special prayers for the meats , eggs , cakes and breads .
instead , hoople wound up finding the blessing himself " in his own shop in 1893 .
the song begins with the workhouse boys and mr. bumble praying for the food they will receive and for a blessing of thankfulness .
the blessing is not time‑dependent , and it substitutes in part for the " todah " ( thanksgiving ) offering , one of the classes of korbanot ( sacrifices ) which women were obligated to offer ( e.g. after childbirth ) in the days of the temple in jerusalem .
eventually , she lets her mother know that she read the letter , and her mother finishes reading it by saying that melanie is a blessing .
they received a blessing from the local angel but were not ordained .
this was a mixed blessing , as young 's lack of influence again resulted in his being overlooked and passed over for seagoing commissions , a problem not aided by recurring bouts of ill health following a severe sickness in 1807 .
where the mainstream role of the tzaddik was emphasised , it often accompanied belief in the benefit of miracle - working , to channel spiritual and material blessing , and increase fervour .
latin text of the blessing .
the fair attracts a large number of devotees who congregate here during the fair to invoke the blessing of the deity .
the pro - senate group had one more member in the house of assembly at the time of the split , however senior members of the pro - senate faction subsequently defected to mdc - t led by tsvangirai including its chairman gift chimanikire , blessing chebundo , the member of parliament for kwekwe , the environmental secretary and binga member of parliament joel gabuza , and senate candidate for tsholotsho sam sipepa nkomo .
“ blessing and a curse ” by deborah pardes
father timothy hanley , pastor of st. dominic 's parish , presided over the solemn blessing .
with the support of the fsln " business bloc " led by bayardo arce , lewites rejoined the mainline fsln in 1998 and , with ortega 's blessing , won the managua mayorship as a sandinista in 2000 .
the word " noradz " is derived from " no rats " ; whereas the " blessing " uttered by the ra - kacharz , " noradzeer " , means " there are no rats here " .
they are opposed to the blessing of same - sex unions .
when he came for her at the time of his death , earhe bestowed upon him this blessing : that he would become the immortal spirit of the great river .
on week - days and sabbath the priestly blessing is recited by the hazzan after the modim ( " thanksgiving " ) prayer .
he appears still once more as a ghost , talking to jack and giving him his blessing to leave opal to live the life of a husband and father in san francisco with his girlfriend sadie .
moirin is half - d'angeline and half cruithne , touched by the blessing of naamah .
with the rising threat of moorkus rex and the spiked interest adam has found in fighting such a tyrant , king gregor comes to terms with his son chosen destiny and sends prince adam off with his blessing .
grant peace , welfare , blessing , grace , lovingkindness and mercy to us and to all israel your people .
peter avoids lauren as he is afraid max will hurt him again , but max gives peter his blessing to see lauren and peter tells her he loves her .
anderson asked former feud host richard dawson to come on the premiere show to give him his blessing , but dawson declined .
in his stinson reliant floatplane schulte flew through storm force winds and thick fog in order to rescue cochard , and received a special blessing from pope pius xi for his services .
the name ngozi stands for " blessing " .
it was because of his dedication and aggressiveness nepalese art is in this stage- he is a rebel with a vision , a pioneer and a proud nepali artist and a blessing to nepalese art .
american blessing .
that blessing and peace may descend on us all ;
adage ’s mission is to serve the wide audience of the world in giving them access to the true message of islām through the translation of the teachings of prophet muhammad , god ’s peace and blessing be upon him , in order to build a greater level of understanding , peace and harmony between the islamic and non islamic world .
they organized the st. stanislaus kostka society and , with the blessing of the current bishop , began to collect funds to build of a church .
jessica paff , from zap2it , reported that she was pleased that the love triangle between house , amber and wilson went on , despite house 's blessing in the previous episode .
after a short while and some convincing , carmela gives marielena her blessing and marielena leaves to go be with luís felipe and now their love starts anew meanwhile marielena 's friend chela gives birth to a healthy baby and receives well - wishes from marielena , her mother esperanza and teté but before marielena can plan anything , claudia feigns a medication overdose and luís felipe returns to claudia 's side after a warning from andrés that if he leaves claudia 's side now , it would be akin to killing her in cold blood by his own hands .
in some notable local results , emmerson mnangagwa , speaker of the previous parliament , and tipped at one time to succeed mugabe but recently fallen from grace , lost his seat kwe - kwe to the mdc 's blessing chebundo .
however /r/ has been re - introduced in non - arabic loans ( e.g. " brāxa " ' blessing ' < heb .
in the preface to * " haut mal , suivi de autres lancers " ( gallimard 1969 ) he is quoted as saying that " the practice of poetry enables us to posit the other as an equal " and that poetic inspiration is , " a very rare thing , a fleeting gift from heaven , to which the poet needs to be , at the price of an absolute purity , receptive - and to pay with his unhappiness for the benefits derived from this blessing . "
they possess baraka , the blessing of allah , which gives them the power to heal , and the endurance required to play some of the most intense and complex music around .
in 1911 with his father 's blessing he left the family firm and began to pursue a career in art .
in 1936 , animator isadore klein , with the blessing of mintz , set to work creating the short , " lil ' ainjil " , the only mintz work that was intended to reflect herriman 's comic strip .
in anglicanism , catholicism , eastern orthodoxy , lutheranism , oriental orthodoxy , and some other churches , holy water is water which has been sanctified by a priest or bishop for the purpose of baptism , the blessing of persons , places , and objects ; or as a means of " repelling evil " .
among the aims of the campaigners are to gain a christian blessing for the dead and a memorial at the cathedral burial site .
he first travelled to rome , where he obtained a blessing for his mission from pope urban viii , and then proceeded to lisbon .
taiwan 's political status proved to be a blessing in disguise for china airlines in japan .
roman catholics may apply for a papal blessing through their local diocese for wedding anniversaries of a special nature ( 25th , 50th , 60th , etc . ) .
another type of divorce is what is known as an " ecclesiastical divorce " , which does not signify the breakdown of the relationship but is a step taken for the sake of the theosis of the spouses and with the full support and blessing of the church .
the reputation of the chazon ish for saintliness and knowledge was widespread and people from all walks of life would frequent his home , for scholarly discussions or to seek advice on religious , business , or personal problems , or simply to receive his blessing .
the origin of the blessing of the fleet can be traced to portuguese and irish fisherman and tugmen who settled in ashtabula .
on 22 october 2009 , the assembly of the church of sweden ( which is no longer officially the national church but whose assent was needed for the new practice to work smoothly within its ranks ) voted strongly in favour of giving its blessing to same - sex marriages , including the use of the term " marriage " .
each day in the liturgical year and each saint 's feast day had a different blessing .
he is also the author of a memoir , " the blessing ( 2002 ) " , which was chosen by " publishers weekly " as one of the fifty best non - fiction books of the year , and three books of essays .
the injury , first viewed as a setback translated into a blessing when he was noticed by a talent scout from an agency that introduced him to the fashion industry .
hollenbeck received a grammy nomination in 2005 for his large ensemble 's debut , " a blessing " ( omnitone ) for best jazz big band cd .
this is considered to be a form of blessing from the divine .
a blessing is read ( על ביעור חמץ - " al biyur chametz " , " on the removal of chametz " ) , and one or more members of the household proceed from room to room to check that no crumbs remain in any corner .
the term is now used to denote a papal address and apostolic blessing that is addressed to the city of rome and to the entire world .
blessing of same - sex unions became a subject of media attention in the vancouver area in may , 2003 when bishop michael ingham of the diocese of new westminster announced that he had given priests in some parishes the authority to bless gay and lesbian unions .
the ceremony of laying the foundation stone and the blessing of the new salaberry armoury took place on 21 july 1938 .
despite this , pitard has warned that although evidence for the antiquity of the priestly blessing is now compelling , this does not necessarily mean that the book of numbers already existed at that time .
basbasan [ blessing ] for 20 bean - pod rattles and 20 muffled men 's voices [ 1983 ]
he preached to large congregations with much accompanying blessing in many parts of the british isles .
following his coronation , the pope pronounced the solemn pontifical blessing , " urbi et orbi " .
in pre - reformation days , it was the custom in catholic england for women to carry lighted tapers when being churched , in allusion to the feast of the purification of the virgin ( february 2 ) , the day chosen by the roman catholic church for the blessing of the candles for the whole year ( see candlemas ) .
you have all been a blessing to our community , and i pray for your continued success in praising our lord , jesus christ , and thank you for your part in helping others to share in the message of his kingdom . "
in addition , the production used work by john hudson , in his 2008 thesis at the shakespeare institute of the university of birmingham , to show the allegorical identity of all the other characters.(john hudson , a midsummer night 's dream ; an experiment in allegorical staging , university of birmingham , the shakespeare institute ( 2008 } the result was a consistent religious allegory - but one that was jewish in nature rather than christian - because it ends with a jewish apocalypse featuring a dew blessing , after the comic re - union in quince 's play - within - the - play ended in the deaths of both protagonists .
after receiving the blessing from his family and consulting with other republicans in the senate , sen. john ensign of nevada announced on september 26 , 2006 that he would seek the chairmanship .
although university heights alumni battled to keep the campus , many people suggest the sale was a " blessing in disguise " because the uptown campus was losing money ; nyu managing two campuses was impracticable .
i will make you into a great nation and i will bless you ; i will make your name great , and you will be a blessing
he joined basilica of saint paul outside the walls in 1904 , became master of novices in 1908 , prior in 1916 , and was elected abbot - ordinary of the abbey " nullius " on april 6 , 1918 , and also received the abbatial blessing from cardinal basilio pomphilj on april 14 there .
at the blessing of god shaft near the mountain wind recalled a monument .
the group was formed a month after the new westminster synod voted to allow the blessing of same sex unions .
the blessing " and " the two sides of love " won the gold medallion award for excellence in literature . "
two additional parties , a democratic farmers ' party and a national democratic party , designed to attract support from farmers and from former nazis , respectively , were added with the blessing of the sed .
in more recent years it has led some jurisdictions to permit the ordination of people in same - sex relationships and to authorise rites for the blessing of same - sex unions ( see homosexuality and anglicanism ) .
the new origin story , increased the character 's hellenic and mythological roots , receiving the blessing of each deity in her crib , diana is destined to become " beautiful as aphrodite , wise as athena , stronger than hercules , and swifter than mercury . "
jacob had scarcely left the room when esau returned from the hunt to receive the blessing .
mikhail was afraid that dionysius would get the patriarch 's blessing and followed him to constantinople .
he was being recognized as a prophet of holiness and so he taught and wrote on the second blessing , as the experience is called .
it is lews therin who provides the answers rand 's questions : being bound to the pattern is not a curse , but a blessing because it gives rand a second chance to do things right .
before her death , lady glencora had imprudently given her secret blessing to her daughter mary 's courtship by a poor gentleman , frank tregear , a friend of lord silverbridge , the duke 's older son and heir .
he is also commemorated in the song father 's blessing .
realizing that she can not keep mike from being happy , susan gives the couple her blessing , despite still feeling uncomfortable .
at this meeting , adam bestowed his last blessing on his descendants .
on a standard day , choral rehearsal ends directly before lunch , so the walden school community concludes the rehearsal by singing a blessing together .
crossleft joined with every voice network and claiming the blessing in october 2005 to stage a major conference , path to action , at the national cathedral in washington , dc .
the party , which had the blessing of grover cleveland , championed defense of the gold standard and free trade .
megumi means " blessing " in japanese .
the food had been blessed by its proximity to the god , and the blessing was now transferable to the king .
according to oral tradition related to this poem , when prince kul gen saw his first born son in his new place , in showing his respect , he sent his armour - bearer called langgsum to ciimnuai to ask for baby 's new name and blessing .
on formal occasions , such as giving the blessing , he wore the traditional 1877 palatine tiara he had been crowned with .
they are planning to add transport services with the blessing of the baltimore city fire department , but a start date has not been publicly announced .
another version says that the custom originally began as an actual blessing .
the lingam and the special structure that houses it are placed in such a way as to face the compound entrance directly ; only the sivacharya may enter this sanctum sanctorum but worshippers gather around to witness the rituals of ablution , decoration and offerings , to pray and sing , and to receive the ceremonial blessing .
the " amidah " follows the same pattern as the other shabbat " amidah " prayers , with the middle blessing starting " attah echad " .
his personal model of the hasidic master rebbe was passed to the subsequent hasidic masters in the new hasidic interpretation of the tzaddik ( saintly leader ) , who channels divine blessing to the world .
on 25 june 2000 , several years of construction on the campus came to an end with the official opening and blessing of the new college facilities and classrooms .
believing diana had purposefully set achilles up on a potential " date " with patrick , he wishes a blessing on the amazon for her kindness .
this straw was a bane and a blessing for the officers .
the king himself will kiss them each year when he comes to seek her blessing .
some pākehā parishes are more open to gay and lesbian issues , including ordination and blessing of unions .
spiritual assistance comprises disobsession , healing and blessing ( directed to the followers and occasional visitors ) but also medium meetings in which several types of " spiritual " assistance is directed to spirits of deceased people .
the blessing of the renovated cathedral was on november 8 , 2008 .
practices vary for the blessing of the chrism , from interpolations within the eucharistic prayer , to specific prayers of consecration , used at the discretion of the minister .
although the discussions had the blessing of randall davidson , the archbishop of canterbury , many anglican evangelicals were alarmed by them .
then another priesthood holder joins in , if available , and pronounces a " sealing " of the anointing and other words of blessing , as he feels inspired .
at rob cavestany 's suggestion and with gus 's blessing , the remaining band members enlisted their longtime friend and fan , ted aguilar , to handle rhythm guitar duties .
he also revised the holy week liturgy , introducing the use of red on palm sunday for the blessing of the palms and the procession ( for which the colour was previously violet ) , but not for the mass , and the use of violet for the communion service on good friday ( for which the colour was previously black ) .
two years later , with authorization of the jesuit superior general , jan philipp roothaan , and the blessing of pope pius ix he left the society of jesus to join his brother théodore and the ' pères de sion ' in paris .
it is a total fasting undertaken by women for the whole day and night to seek goddess durga ’s blessing for the long life of their bhais ( brothers ) .
the runes ása - laukr - ur might be read as a blessing of or ward against miscreant(s ) , but this presupposes the not undisputed and somewhat poorly supported theory claiming that runes were used as part of folk magic and divinatory practices , and that their iconic meaning had significance beyond mnemonics in this respect .
in 1997 he served as master of ceremonies at a blessing ceremony for about 20,000 engaged and married couples presided over by rev. and mrs. moon and held in robert f. kennedy memorial stadium in washington d.c ..
henry ii was given rome 's blessing in 1155 under the form of a papal bull but had to postpone the invasion of ireland because of all the issues in his domains and around them .
in his 1890 book , " a larger christian life " , simpson discussed his vision for the church : " he is showing us the plan for a christian church that is much more than an association of congenial friends to listen once a week to an intellectual discourse and musical entertainment and carry on by proxy a mechanism of christian work ; but rather a church that can be at once the mother and home of every form of help and blessing which jesus came to give to lost and suffering men , the birthplace and the home of souls , the fountain of healing and cleansing , the sheltering home for the orphan and distressed , the school for the culture and training of god 's children , the armory where they are equipped for the battle of the lord and the army which fights those battles in his name .
later on , ecclesiastical authority set apart special formulae for the blessing of cinctures in honour of the most precious blood , of our lady , of st. francis of paul , and st. philomena .
all of the kohanim participating in an orthodox prayer service must also deliver the priestly blessing , called " nesiat kapayim " , during the repetition of the " shemoneh esrei " .
the war was seen as a blessing for the city 's economy , but in 1917 a french munitions ship , the " mont blanc " , collided with a belgian relief ship , the " imo " .
salvator mundi , or " saviour of the world " , is a subject in iconography depicting christ with his right hand raised in blessing and his left hand holding an orb surmounted by a cross , known as a globus cruciger .
watson concludes that ( a ) " most moves have disadvantages as well as advantages , so an extra move is not always an unqualified blessing " ; ( b ) " with his extra information about what white is doing , black can better react to the new situation " ; and ( c ) because a draw is likely to be more acceptable to black than to white , white is apt to avoid lines that allow drawish simplifications , while black may not object to such lines .
the band is said to have the blessing of cox , steele and saxa .
later on , however , dallen visits christine 's father and explains to him the importance of temple marriage , and he gives dallen his blessing .
according to hindu scriptures , vrata assists the person doing the vrata to achieve and fulfill his desires as performing vratas are supposed to bring the divine grace and blessing .
in any case ramsay thought his speech worthy of note by the prevailing religious authority and he send the text to cardinal fleury , asking for a church blessing of the principles of freemasonry as he had stated them : " the obligations imposed upon you by the order are to protect your brothers by your authority , to enlighten them by your knowledge , to edify them by your virtues , to succour them in their necessities , to sacrifice all personal resentment , and to strive after all that may contribute to peace and unity of society . "
once a bride - to - be and her mother visited the bohusher rebbe , rabbi yitzchok friedman , for a blessing .
on 27 may 1956 , he received the blessing of his benediction in the recently and built under his instigation and management new abbey which had been consecrated on 2 may 1956 by the bishop of aachen , johannes pohlschneider .
elizabeth gets her father 's blessing to return to ( modern - day ) hammersmith , while amanda stays and is reunited with darcy in pemberley .
but war destroys accumulated capital .... complications should not divert us from recognizing the basic truth that the wanton destruction of anything of real value is always a net loss , a misfortune , or a disaster , and whatever the offsetting considerations in a particular instance , can never be , on net balance , a boon or a blessing . "
the poet ’s physical impairments , paradoxically , prove a blessing .
after the ceremony the new priests gave their first blessing to their parents .
there was a similar blessing and breaking of bread .
he makes a great show of submission to his father , and is presented to lydia with mrs. malaprop 's blessing .
he ran away from home with his mother 's blessing to escape a life of farming his father wished him to have .
as he recited the blessing prior to the act , he dwelt on the holy commandment he was about to perform . "
with their mother 's blessing , christabel ordered sylvia 's group to dissociate from the wspu .
several options were currently being prepared , the admiralty in paris having recently given its formal blessing to the use of naval forces in support of the army .
blessing and peace be ever thine own ,
in 1988 , moon matched 2,500 korean members with japanese members for a blessing ceremony held in seoul , partly in order to promote unity between the two nations .
this marriage proved to be a blessing for the puerto rican actress , both romantically and professionally speaking .
daughters of blessing series .
while the inika worry that the nuva will take over the mission to save the great spirit , the nuva recognize that this mission is the inika 's destiny and give them their full blessing .
he then summons the goddess juno , who descends to pronounce a general blessing ( " v'accendano le tede i raggi delle stelle " ) .
the languishing of the design in administrative limbo caused pancor to go bankrupt , as they could not fill foreign orders without the blessing of the state department , and the state department would not grant export licenses while it was being ostensibly tested by the department of defense .
however , the scope of quality education after schooling is limited due to lack of good colleges and this is probably a blessing in disguise , since it forces the students to look for avenues outside , and they excel in most such entrance exams .
the blessing is held on mother 's day to honor our lady of fatima , the patron saint of portugal , and mothers in the parish .
following the washing and drying of one 's hands , the asher yatzar blessing is then recited .
" urbi et orbi " is also used at st. peter 's at the papal inauguration and , on very rare occasions , as the blessing of pilgrims and during the holy year ( jubilee ) .
the ploy worked and at the event , bradford told wil that alexis had given her blessing to the nuptials .
before dying , weyoun vi asks odo for a blessing .
there a lot of miraculous plant and herbs grown by blessing of satguru ghasidas .
