the previous encyclical deiparae virginis mariae ( may 1 , 1946 ) to all catholic bishops stated , that for a long time past , numerous petitions have been received from cardinals , patriarchs , archbishops , bishops , priests , religious of both sexes , associations , universities and innumerable private persons , all begging that the bodily assumption into heaven of the blessed virgin should be defined and proclaimed as a dogma of faith .
the doctrine asserts that jesus’ bodily sacrifice was but the beginning of the atonement , which continued with jesus’ suffering in hell .
a few people feel that research on ndes occurring in the blind can be interpreted to support an argument that consciousness survives bodily death .
ryan is noted for the enjoyment he takes in discussing topics such as sex , bodily functions and food and once googled images of tapeworm porn .
cognitive theories of emotions deal with the perception or judgment of emotions , rather than the bodily responses .
in addition to safety risks from being attacked , motivated by homophobia or otherwise , all human sexual behavior that involves contact with the bodily fluids of another person should be considered to have some risk of transmission of sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) .
it is " a divine supernatural , evidence or conviction , ' of things not seen , ' not discoverable by our bodily senses . "
reform and reconstructionist use a format which is based on traditional elements , but contains language more reflective of liberal belief than the traditional liturgy . doctrinal revisions which may vary from congregation to congregation but generally include revising or omitting references to traditional doctrines such as bodily resurrection , a personal jewish messiah , and other elements of traditional jewish eschatology , divine revelation of the torah at mount sinai , angels , conceptions of reward and punishment , and other personal miraculous and supernatural elements .
in the form of " giving voice " to bodily ailments , it has been integrated by manhattan oncologist dr. mitchell l. gaynor .
after having been several times prioress of the convent of the rue chapon , where she showed a zeal for bodily mortification that her superiors had sometimes to moderate , she was attacked by dropsy , of which she died .
the emphasis on the intellect , the dialectical or , the ancient rationalism aristophanes satirically labelled as " thinkery " ( phrontisterion - from the clouds ) as well as the vigilance against moral and bodily corruption are central to neo - platonic understanding that interestingly enough finds its way into this bucolic landscape through the most unlikely of characters .
nursie 's character changes very little throughout the series ; she remains oblivious to the current topic of conversation , obsesses over bodily functions , and offers irrelevant comments and useless advice .
burdi was charged for assault causing bodily harm in 1995 , and given a 12 month sentence .
the orthodox church teaches that mary died a natural death , like any human being ; that her soul was received by christ upon death ; and that her body was resurrected on the third day after her repose , at which time she was taken up , bodily only , into heaven .
again the public peace and safety is protected and not the bodily integrity of an individual .
a fair number of baby talk and nursery words refer to bodily functions or private parts , partly because the words are relatively easy to pronounce .
his attacker was recently given a life sentence for wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
though the church always taught that the destruction of the earthly remains posed no threat to the bodily resurrection , many christians risked their lives to prevent this desecration of the relics of the saints .
the best medical practice today accepts a link between the body and psychiatric injury , so the words " bodily harm " in sections 20 and 47 were capable of covering recognised psychiatric illnesses , such as an anxiety or a depressive disorder , which affect the central nervous system of the body .
furthermore , these same hepatic enzymes are found in all glucose - utilizing bodily systems , suggesting a synchronous effect by insulin and glucose .
waisvisz had a passionate dedication to a physical , bodily approach to electronic music which he has expressed in the use and presentation of his many developments of hardware and software instruments .
" r. v. desousa " 1992 2 s.c.r. 944 , is the supreme court of canada case where the court determined the constitutionally required level for mens rea for the charge of " unlawfully causing bodily harm " .
then , too , he is more self controlled than any man i know with regard to bodily pleasures .
bodily harm ( novel ) .
the notions of a person 's " spirit " and " soul " often also overlap , as both contrast with body and both are imagined as surviving the bodily death in religion and occultism ,
the court of appeal reviewed r v quick , which had dealt with an allegation of assault occasioning actual bodily harm not requiring proof of specific intent .
in kenya , a p3 form is a legal document which is produced in court as evidence in cases which involve bodily harm e.g. rape or assault .
stillman 's lawyer told the police that he did not consent to the taking of any bodily samples .
" man , in his bodily development , is a primate foetus that has become sexually mature " ( bolk ) .
in this document , he called urgently for the adoption of a definition of terrorism similar to that contained in the report of the high - level panel on threats , challenges and change , which states “ that the targeting and deliberate killing of civilians and non - combatants can not be justified or legitimized by any cause or grievance , and that any action intended to cause death or serious bodily harm to civilians or non - combatants , when the purpose of such an act , by its nature or context , is to intimidate a population or to compel a government or an international organization to carry out or to abstain from any act can not be justified on any grounds and constitutes an act of terrorism . ”
in this manner the client is to be encouraged to discover his or her own mental experience ( introspective ability ) , to follow and to express his or her bodily - psychological impulses .
the word had been used differently since the time of the ancient greeks to mean the ability to receive stimulation from one or more of the five bodily senses .
she questioned the perhaps simplistic view that that female genital mutilation was necessarily imposed by men on women rather than by women on women , or even freely chosen , adducing some anecdotal evidence to the contrary and discussed the issue in relation to some of the forms of genital and other bodily mutilations carried out in the west on men and women .
the relationship with satchwell ended on bad terms , leading to newton being arrested on 16 october and charged with intimidation and assault occasioning actual bodily harm over incidents alleged to have occurred on 13 september and 6 october .
by 1963 when the building was at the design stage it was known that the prefabricated shell - roof version , constructed of thin , cast , reinforced concrete , was subject to being lifted bodily from buildings by high winds and that some shapes such as could create a drainage problem .
humans use clothing , hairstyle , accessories , jewelry , tattoos , and other bodily adornments as indicators of social and marital status .
much of this controversy centred on questions of the historicity of the bible , biblical inerrancy , creationism and evolution , and various doctrines such as the deity of christ , the virgin birth of christ , the bodily resurrection of christ , and the second advent of christ .
a side - effect of the attack forces the victim to shed bodily fluids from his body .
these salts are present in the cow 's milk and cow 's other bodily fluids which miraculously cures many diseases .
christians believed in a bodily resurrection of the dead at the second coming of christ , and the catholic church only relaxed its opposition to cremation in 1963 .
though the samples were created as a result of detention , the bodily state that they represent was not created by detention and exist outside of the detention .
when it comes to bodily emissions he suggests if you clean out your nose in your hand , do not show people what comes out .
in 1939 he was charged with illegal carriage of firearms , in 1940 for grievous bodily harm , in 1944 for robbery with violence and in 1950 for murder .
at issue was the legality of drawing blood and other bodily fluids from workman 's body .
those with strong bodily - kinesthetic intelligence seem to use what might be termed muscle memory - they remember things through their body such as verbal memory or images .
in byrne 's version , jor - el inhabited a cold , emotionally sterile krypton where even bodily contact was forbidden .
a group of 22 young individuals gathered on certain days of the week to perform bodily exercises in the serencebey neighborhood of beşiktaş .
human biomonitoring offers the opportunity to analyze the actual internal levels of bodily substances from all potential routes of exposure at one time , which may contribute to improving risk assessments .
he was a well - known harley - davidson enthusiast , who once threatened espn 's joe theismann with bodily harm after he mounted frerotte 's motorcycle without permission .
he considers " bodily effects " incidental to the real work of god , but his own mystic devotion and the experiences of his wife during the awakening ( which he gives in detail ) make him think that the divine visitation usually overpowers the body , a view in support of which he quotes scripture .
as green iguanas are not capable of creating liquid urine more concentrated than their bodily fluids , like birds they excrete nitrogenous wastes as urate salts through a salt gland .
the ascension is one of the great feasts in the christian liturgical calendar , and commemorates the bodily ascension of jesus into heaven .
on january 12 , 2009 , venkataraman was admitted to the army research and referral hospital with complaints of urosepsis ( a toxic condition caused by the extravasation of urine into bodily tissues ) .
at the beginning of the trial on 10 march 2008 all the accused admitted being guilty on the charge of grevious bodily harm with intent , ryan herbert pleaded guilty to murder , brendan harris pleaded not guilty to murder , while the murder charges against the other three were withdrawn .
once this representation is formed , symptoms or bodily sensations that the individual is currently experiencing which are consistent with the schema may be noticed , while inconsistent symptoms are ignored . "
it is declared to be a panacea for all bodily and moral evils .
he believes that diseases are not bodily phenomena , but ideas .
however , recent advertising and marketing endeavors by the company suggest that it is eager to associate itself with relief of general bodily aches and pains as well .
her companions greatly feared that on account of her bodily frailty she might not remain steadfast under torture .
condoms offer moderate protection against hsv-2 in both men and women , with consistent condom users having a 30% lower risk of hsv-2 acquisition compared with those who never use condoms the virus can not pass through a latex condom , but a condom 's effectiveness is limited because it does not prevent skin contact or bodily fluid contact with the scrotum , anus , buttocks , upper thighs or area immediately surrounding the penis , all of which are susceptible to infection with and transmission of the virus .
but [ the mission to protect hope summers in x - men : messiah war ] is breaking him down like he 's never been broken down before ' and said that [ the readers are ] going to see cable struggling with a new bodily problem , one directly borne out of his experiences in ' messiah war . ' "
deixis is taken as the rhetoric of the narrator , indicating the presence of the speaker in a discourse , a bodily or physical aspect as well as an explicit temporal dimension .
the meditator gradually improves his perception of the three marks of existence until he reaches the step where gross bodily sensations ( vedana ) dissolve and there is a subtle flow of sensations throughout the body , which is called ( sanskrit : ) , knowledge of dissolution .
in the liner notes for deutsche grammophon 's release of " wing on wing " , he is quoted saying " musical expression is bodily expression , there is no abstract cerebral expression in my opinion .
for example , it was through this novel that ibn al - nafis introduces his scientific theory of metabolism , and he makes references to his own scientific discovery of the pulmonary circulation in order to explain bodily resurrection .
other bodily fluids and organs may provide samples , particularly samples collected during an autopsy .
" the most recent linguistic approach to literature is that of cognitive metaphor , which claims that metaphor is not a mode of language , but a mode of thought . metaphors project structures from source domains of schematized bodily or enculturated experience into abstract target domains .
developing a pictographic language of body gestures and motion , a bodily hieroglyphics , spero reconstructed the diversity of representations of women from pre - history to the present .
cartman is amused by bodily functions and toilet humor , and his favorite television personalities are terrance and phillip , a canadian duo whose comedy routines on their show - within - the - show revolve substantially around fart jokes .
in december , 2008 , he was charged with , and pleaded not guilty to , gross vehicular manslaughter and two felony counts of causing bodily injury while intoxicated .
for instance , a person who sustains bodily injury through the negligence of another may sue for medical costs , pain , suffering , loss of earnings or earning capacity , mental and/or emotional distress , loss of quality of life , disfigurement and more .
on december 5 , 1988 , southgate was convicted of actual bodily harm and affray at lewes crown court for an assault on a male lab technician active with the revolutionary communist party ( rcp ) .
other works include " bodily harm " and " loving attitudes " , as well as television plays , screenplays and journalism .
for example , a generalized fear of contamination might entail not only wariness of bodily secretions or excretions , but also apprehension toward household chemicals , radioactivity , newsprint , pets , or even soap .
one of the fundamental ideas explored by descartes is mind - body dualism which impinges on the nature of reality as we perceive it , and concerns the relationship which exists between mental processes , and bodily states .
yusuf ibn abd - al - barr , an 11th century maliki jurist , writes that there have been differences of opinion on this issue and sunnis accept the second coming of jesus only through individual reports by narrators who are of sound character - a view supported by majority of muslims .. ( see jesus ' second coming ) however , some islamic scholars like sheikh mohammed al - ghazali ( not imam al - ghazali ) , javed ahmed ghamidi , and amin ahsan islahi argue that jesus was indeed rescued but was given death by god before he was ascended bodily as god never allows to dishonor his messengers , even their dead bodies .
also siirala considered bodily and mental illnesses as alternative reactions .
in humans , play fighting ( sometimes called roughhousing or horseplaying ) is an activity in which two or more people act as though they are in combat , but without actually meaning to harm their partners , nor dealing sufficient bodily harm to make the game unenjoyable .
paul also describes bodily resurrection in 1 corinthians , that it will be of a fundamentally different nature than people 's current physical nature .
the disorder often leads to bodily injury from unwanted movements .
stormboyz are those young orks who , tired of being told they can do whatever they want , whenever they want , separate themselves from ork society and join stormboy squadrons where they are taught the merits of rank , file , and bodily hygiene .
state employees have received similar benefits under executive orders of the governor and have been given priority over bodily remains of domestic partner as enacted into law by gov. george pataki in february 2006 .
handy was charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm .
" tzaraat " was a bodily affliction that is often translated loosely as leprosy ; this translation can prove problematic because , in the scientific realm , leprosy is caused by a parasitic species of bacterium mycobacterium leprae , and has no other instigation , such as eating fish and meat together .
some reports allege that she was raped and that her breasts were cut off , in addition to other bodily mutilations , and that her head was cut off and stuck on a pike .
bukatman 's research examines how popular media ( film , comics ) and genres ( science fiction , musicals , superhero narratives ) " mediate between new technologies and human perceptual and bodily experience . "
bodily and spiritual needs were balanced symmetrically within the mansion : the kitchen ( 16 ) and the chapel ( 7 ) were both large two - storied halls , rising from the semi - basement to the first floor .
pilgram marpeck wrote , " as members of one body , we proclaim the death of christ and bodily union attained by untainted brotherly love . "
the weera wickrama vibhushanaya ( " vīra vikrama vibhūṣanaya " , " heroic gallantry decoration " ) medal and bar are conferred as a reward for individual acts of gallantry and conspicuous bravery of a military nature of a high order in the face of the enemy , performed voluntarily whilst on active service without regard for his own security with the objective of safeguarding thereby the lives of his comrades or facilitating the operational aim of his force or for a meritorious act or a series of acts of a human nature of high order displayed in saving life from drowning , fire and rescue operations in mines , floods and similar calamities under circumstances of bodily injury or danger to the life of the rescuer .
he confronts blake himself and is threatened with bodily harm and forced to do one more job for the mobster .
several other amendments were related to nsls , including allowing those in receipt of an nsl the ability to consult a lawyer and challenge it in court and preventing the penalization of nsl recipients who are mentally incompetent , under undue stress , under threat of bodily harm , or under a threat of being fired if they disclose they have been served an nsl .
the law removed the a person 's " ' duty to retreat ' " when attacked in a place outside the home they had a legal right to be , giving the individual " ' the right to stand his or her ground and meet force with force , including deadly force if he or she reasonably believes it is necessary to do so , to prevent death or great bodily harm to himself or herself or another . ' "
another variation includes a rule about a zero tolerance on bodily fluids being expelled .
christian scripture gives a few descriptions of an immediate afterlife and a heaven and hell ; however , for the most part , both new and old testaments focus much more on the myth of a final bodily resurrection than any beliefs about a purely spiritual afterlife away from the body .
the troupe managed to avoid bodily harm by partly by convincing the rioters that they were a french theater troupe and partly by making judicious use of the money the adlers had won in court from goldfaden .
after 1970 , standard motor products split with british leyland , and introduced a bodily restyled four - door saloon based on the herald called the standard gazel in 1971 , using the same 948 cc engine but with a live rear axle , as the herald 's ' swing - axle ' one was not liked much by indian buyers and mechanics alike .
third , there is criminal liability where a vehicle manufacturer intentionally violates the new reporting requirements when a safety - related defect has subsequently caused death or serious bodily injury .
although groening intended for leela to be portrayed as attractive and sexy , he later had to instruct the animators to de - emphasize some of her bodily features , saying that " the tendency among the animators was to draw this bizarrely exaggerated female form .
these experiments led flourens to the conclusion that the cerebral hemispheres are responsible for higher cognitive functions , that the cerebellum regulates and integrates movements , and that the medulla controls vital functions , such as circulation , respiration and general bodily stability .
thus , a broader standard of foresight of bodily harm can not be used as it is asymmetric to the consequences .
bryant purvis , aged 19 , was arrested on february 7 , 2008 for an assault causing bodily injury on a fellow high school student in texas , where he now resides .
the milwaukee athletic club was established on september 18 , 1882 by eight young men for the purpose of " developing of the bodily powers through gymnastic and other exercises " .
a biography of pelletier recorded after his return to france by constant merland contains details of the " social organisation , language , beliefs , treatment of illnesses , mortuary practices , bodily decoration , dances , conflict , punishments , subsistence activities and crafts " of the people who rescued and cared for him .
the doctors created a record by completing the surgery without suspending his bodily functions .
at the end of 2008 , the company released ifart mobile , an iphone application that replicates the sound of bodily functions .
although the assumption was only recently defined as dogma , accounts of the bodily assumption of mary into heaven have circulated since at least the 5th century .
the princes themselves , or rather their bodily representatives , appeared on other chariots with their servants and their coats of arms , if we have rightly interpreted our author .
his literary labours , especially in the lives of knox and melville , combined with his extreme care that every idea which he gave forth to the public , and every sentence in which it was embodied , should be worthy of those important subjects in which he dealt —- all this , connected with the daily and almost hourly avocations of his ministerial office , and the numerous calls that were made upon him , in consequence of his interference with the great public movements of the day , had reduced him to the debility and bodily ailments of " threescore and ten , " while as yet he was ten years short of the mark .
structure / function claims are claims that do not suggest that the food can diagnose , treat , or prevent any particular disease , but that it can , for example , maintain , regulate , or promote normal healthy bodily functions .
generally speaking , this results in basic chemicals accumulating in acidic bodily fluids such as the cytosol , and acidic chemicals to accumulate in basic fluids such as mastitic milk .
this technique was intended to render the victim unconscious in an instant , while the lower voltage heated the vital organs to a point where life was extinguished , without causing undue bodily burning .
he stirs up many problems , including inflicting serious bodily harm by throwing acid to fereshteh 's cousin on mistaking him as fereshteh 's boyfriend .
but the persians were deeply vexed at the outcome and sent forth another horseman for the same purpose , a manly fellow and well favoured as to bodily size , but not a youth , for some of the hair on his head already shewed grey .
his other tv appearances include " bodily harm " and ' ( both directed by joe wright ) , " soldier soldier " , " the lab " , " boon " and " by the sword divided " ( as charles ii ) .
although also found in the icd , its diagnosis takes a particular form in china , called ' shenjing shuairuo ' , which emphasizes somatic ( bodily ) complaints as well as fatigue or depressed feelings .
lauren is found not guilty of attempted murder , but guilty of grievous bodily harm , and she decides to return home .
the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints interprets this " oneness " as a metaphorical oneness in " spirit " , " purpose " , and " glory " , rather than a physical or bodily unity .
" ... his bodily strength and physical powers are much reduced ... his resignation and fortitude are most extraordinary and really almost heroic . "
for shusterman , who is a true disciple of dewey in this regard , bodily and mental ( as well as cultural and biological ) dimensions of human being are essentially inseparable and to signify this unity ( this “ sentient perceiving « body - mind »
wei 's fighting style is somewhat unorthodox , encompassing spins and bodily contact , making him an unpredictable yet effective character .
( a ) a lawful occupant within a home or other place of residence is justified in using any degree of force that the occupant reasonably believes is necessary , including deadly force , against an intruder to prevent a forcible entry into the home or residence or to terminate the intruder 's unlawful entry ( i ) if the occupant reasonably apprehends that the intruder may kill or inflict serious bodily harm to the occupant or others in the home or residence , or ( ii ) if the occupant reasonably believes that the intruder intends to commit a felony in the home or residence .
if no bodily changes are felt , there is only an intellectual thought , devoid of emotional warmth .
indeed , neosapiens have been genetically optimized in virtually every bodily attribute .
these pranks occasionally result in serious damage to property or bodily injury .
the offences under sections 18 and 20 of this act are discussed in detail in the article grievous bodily harm .
cerebrospinal fluid is a clear bodily fluid that occupies the subarachnoid space and the ventricular system around and inside the brain .
after hospitalizing moore and taking blood , bone marrow apsirate , and other bodily fluids , golde confirmed that diagnosis .
stern 's interactive art is centered around bodily provocations , often asking his viewers to " perform " - whether publicly or privately .
as such , it can be excited in various ways by external stimuli or internal bodily conditions .
six people were arrested during the protests , reportedly for " offences including violent disorder , causing actual bodily harm , assault of a police officer and a person wanted on warrant " ; three police officers were slightly injured .
shortly thereafter , a strong belief in jesus ' bodily resurrection spread rapidly through jerusalem , beginning with his closest disciples , which led up to the traditional day of pentecost .
as soon as the hospital is in position , the cylindrical judoon ships land and the troopers march into the building ( due to their bodily shape and heavy footwear , their motion is referred to throughout the script as " yomping " ) .
the seudat chiyat hamatim , a hebrew term , is a " seudah " ( feast ) for the righteous following the " chiyat hamatim " , the bodily resurrection of the dead , which is referred to in a passage of the talmud in the section on passover which alludes to a relationship between the passover seder and this other feast of life and freedom .
her parents initially use anna 's umbilical cord blood to treat kate , and continue to use anna as a donor for other bodily substances as kate cycles through remission and relapse over the years .
for example , it was through this novel that ibn al - nafis introduces his scientific theory of metabolism , and he makes references to his own scientific discovery of the pulmonary circulation in order to explain bodily resurrection .
a hydrocele denotes a pathological accumulation of serous fluid in a bodily cavity .
necromancy (; greek νεκρομαντεία " nekromantía " , via latin " necromantia " ) is a form of magic in which the practitioner seeks to summon the spirit of a deceased person , either as an apparition or ghost , or to raise them bodily , for the purpose of divination .
jones objected that this sentence was not authorized because the serious bodily injury component was not charged in the indictment .
it is the pre - reflective awareness or implicit sense that it is me who is presently executing bodily movement(s ) or thinking thoughts .
this is in essence a neurobiological formulation of the ideas of william james , who first proposed that subjective emotional experience ( i.e. feelings ) arise from our brain 's interpretation of bodily states that are elicited by emotional events .
the ada does not recommend alcohol consumption as a preventive , but it is interesting to note that moderate alcohol intake may reduce the risk ( though heavy consumption absolutely and clearly increases damage to bodily systems significantly ) ; a similarly confused connection between low dose alcohol consumption and heart disease is termed the french paradox .
in northern ireland , a person guilty of assault occasioning actual bodily harm is liable , on conviction on indictment , to imprisonment for a term not exceeding seven years , or on summary conviction to imprisonment for a term not exceeding twelve months , or to a fine not exceeding the prescribed sum , or to both .
both the government and the ninth circuit had identified statements of members of congress that suggested , in their opinion , congress 's intent to make " serious bodily injury " a sentencing factor .
individuals diagnosed with ied report their outbursts were brief ( lasting less than an hour ) , with a variety of bodily symptoms ( sweating , chest tightness , twitching , palpitations ) reported by a third of one sample .
another difference is that the adjustment of pressure is transferred from the cylinder to the rollers which works in specially constructed bearings capable of the following movements : ( 1 ) of being screwed up bodily until the rollers are lightly pressed against the central bowl ; ( 2 ) of being moved to and fro sideways so that the rollers may he laterally adjusted ; and ( 3 ) of being moved up or down for the purpose of adjusting the rollers in vertical direction .
martha nussbaum credits him with the insight that jewish sensibilities " reshaped roman norms of manliness , making the astonishing claim that the true man sits still all day with a book , and has the bodily shape of someone who does just that . "
the main adr requirement that applies to bullbars is a clause within adr 42/xx ( where xx designates a version number ) , which states ( in part ) that : " no vehicle shall be equipped with any object or fitting , not technically essential to such vehicle , which protrudes from any part of the vehicle so that it is likely to increase the risk of bodily injury to any person . "
bordo alludes to constructed images of bodily perfection in contemporary consumer culture such as the portrayal of reconstructed physical bodies in magazines and advertisements as presenting false ideals for the viewers who identify with such images and use them as standards for their own bodies and lives .
in a strict sense , the term " puberty " ( derived from the latin word " puberatum " ( age of maturity , manhood ) ) refers to the bodily changes of sexual maturation rather than the psychosocial and cultural aspects of adolescent development .
some of their work has attracted media attention because of the inclusion of ( potentially ) shocking imagery , such as nudity , depictions of sexual acts , and bodily fluids ( faeces , urine and semen ) .
after greenberg tells his partners where he hid the rock in the police precinct jail ( after bodily disposing it ) , the quartet attempt another heist on the precinct .
these " bodily effects , " he insisted , were not distinguishing marks of the work of the spirit of god one way or another ; but so bitter was the feeling against the revival in the more strictly puritan churches that , in 1742 , he was forced to write a second apology , " thoughts on the revival in new england " , his main argument being the great moral improvement of the country .
he will attain full bodily maturity in the age of 31 .
it was an attempt to introduce a religious element into greek philosophy , worshipping god by living an ascetic life , ignoring bodily pleasures and all sensuous impulses , to purify the soul .
in 1971 they introduced a bodily restyled four - door saloon based on the herald called the standard gazel , using the same 948cc engine but with a different rear axle , avoiding the herald 's " swing - arm " .
kofi annan , as secretary general of the un , defined terrorism in march 2005 in the general assembly as any action " intended to cause death or serious bodily harm to civilians or non - combatants " for the purpose of intimidation .
following out this idea , he discusses in a casuistic form food and drink , dress and love of finery , bodily exercises and social conduct .
the name " melancholia " comes from the old medical theory of the four humours : disease or ailment being caused by an imbalance in one or other of the four basic bodily fluids , or humours .
~ hb0422 – animals and animal cruelty – establishes as element of cruelty to animals offense knowingly tying , tethering , or restraining dog in manner that results in the dog suffering bodily injury . –
karl jaspers preserves the term ' neurasthenia ' , defining it in terms of ' irritable weakness ' and describing phenomena such as irritability , sensitivity , a painful sensibility , abnormal responsiveness to stimuli , bodily pains , strong experience of fatigue , etc .
in doing so , a provider agrees to surrender time and take bodily risks and other ( reputation , financial ) risks .
in january 2005 , following a long campaign , a judge said that the police involved should be charged with causing bodily harm by negligence .
hammond notes six basic characteristics purposely avoided in the directory : ( 1 ) a prescribed form or liturgy , ( 2 ) outward or bodily worship , ( 3 ) uniformity in worship , ( 4 ) the people having a part through responses in prayers , hymns and readings , ( 5 ) the division of prayers into several collects or portions , ( 6 ) ceremonies such as kneeling in communion , the cross in baptism and the ring in marriage .
assault causing bodily harm .
in " r v sullivan " , a man was charged with grievous bodily harm under the offences against the person act 1861 after assaulting his friend during an epileptic seizure .
his signal contribution to critical and cultural studies is his book " how societies remember " ( 1989 ) that opened the discussion of collective memory ( per maurice halbwachs and others ) to include bodily gestures , finding in clothing , manners , musical performance , and other socially negotiated practices locii where memory is " silted " ( to use his verb ) into human corporeal consciousness and praxis .
it is not uncommon for women to be subjected to bodily searches or fired for refusing sexual advances .
i , 39 ; 2 , 19 ) we learn that varius composed an epic poem " de morte " , some lines of which are quoted as having been imitated or appropriated by virgil ; horace ( " sat . " i. 10 , 43 ) probably alludes to another epic , and , according to the scholiast on " epistles " , j. 16 , 2 729 , these three lines are taken bodily from a panegyric of varius on augustus .
these feminists believe that the assumptions that the bodily integrity and sexual pleasure of women are irrelevant , that women exist for men 's sexual enjoyment , and that men can not control themselves and are entitled to sex at any time , underlie the whole idea of prostitution , and make it an inherently exploitative , sexist practice .
his research was on standards of radioactivity and x - ray measurements ( 1914–22 ) , becoming the leader of the radium section ( 1921 ) and publishing a widely used book covering this emerging field , including specifications of his own bodily injuries from interactions with radium and radon .
the sword also gives dreadstar the strength of twenty men , enhanced reactions , and allows him to rapidly heal from virtually any bodily wound .
flies lay their eggs in and around clothing and skin which , if left undiscovered , will hatch into maggots ( larvae ) which begin feeding upon flesh , open wounds , ulcers , and any natural bodily entry point .
the us national center for complementary and alternative medicine ( nccam ) classifies cam therapies into five categories or domains , including : alternative medical systems , or complete systems of therapy and practice;mind - body interventions , or techniques designed to facilitate the mind 's effect on bodily functions and symptoms;biologically based systems , including herbalism ; and manipulative and body - based methods , such as chiropractic and massage therapy .
in her theory for creating a new disruptive form of feminine writing ( écriture féminine ) , she focuses on the child ’s pre - oedipal phase when experience and knowledge is based on bodily contact , primarily with the mother .
institutions are required to indicate if any of the crimes , or any other crime involving bodily injury , was a " hate crime . "
conservative judaism 's liturgy generally includes the traditional hebrew text affirming belief in bodily resurrection , but its thinkers are divided .
most of the play 's humor involves jokes about jewish stereotypes with occasional humor about body parts and bodily functions .
" breed type " in this sense means " qualities ( as of bodily contour and carriage ) that are felt to indicate excellence in members of a group " and is different from a " type of animal " , meaning a variety or breed of domesticated animal .
although the biblical regulations differentiate between the emission of semen and abnormal bodily discharges - " zav " - rabbinical tradition increasingly differentiated less and less between the regulations of " zav " and those for " keri " ; consequently modern orthodox judaism treats multiple cases of nocturnal emission , or of any other non - sexual semen - discharge , as " zav " , requiring washing in a mikvah one week later ( rather than on the following night ) .
heated fibres from the fronds are used to cure numerous bodily ailments such as muscle pain and joint stiffness .
his last years were full of intense suffering , both bodily and mental , which he bore with the utmost sweetness and resignation .
it accepts no double standards and applies to all persons , without regard to sex , gender , color , age , bodily condition , marital status , or sexual orientation .
the core of the gestalt therapy process is enhanced awareness of sensation , perception , bodily feelings , emotion and behavior , in the present moment .
when hunting live prey , it sticks its mouth into the prey 's body and proceeds to drain it of all bodily fluids .
a belief in a bodily resurrection of the dead , one of maimonides thirteen principles of faith , is a normative belief of orthodox judaism and a traditional belief of conservative judaism .
gay bashing , mugging , and bodily injury are further potential risks .
most striking , perhaps was his denial of the bodily resurrection of jesus during sunday school at the age of thirteen .
in 1987 , d. landsborough published an article entitled ' st. paul and temporal lobe epilepsy ' in the journal of neurology , neurosurgery , and psychiatry ( " j neurol neurosurg psychiatry " 1987;50;659 - 664 ) in which he stated that paul 's conversion experience , with the bright light , loss of normal bodily posture , a message of strong religious content , and his subsequent blindness , suggested " an attack of ( temporal lobe epilepsy ) , perhaps ending in a convulsion , which was startling and dramatic .
human bodily stores for different vitamins vary widely ; vitamins a , d , and b12 are stored in significant amounts in the human body , mainly in the liver , and an adult human 's diet may be deficient in vitamins a and b12 for many months before developing a deficiency condition .
sweeney was originally charged with second - degree murder and assault to do great bodily harm ; however , on november 10 , 1983 , the jury in the case acquitted him of these charges and found him guilty only of the lesser included offenses of involuntary manslaughter and misdemeanor assault .
while she has all of the mannerisms and most of her physical characteristics are human , some of her bodily functions are distinctly reptilian .
many , if not most , of the words in modern english that are used in polite conversation to describe body parts and bodily functions are of latin or greek origin .
in the universe of the runelords , there exists a unique magical system which relies on the existence of distinct bodily attributes , such as brawn , grace , and wit .
for comparison , if any one should " place himself in the way " of a free man he must pay him twenty solidi— if he had not done him any bodily injury— and in similar cases involving another man 's slave or handmaid or " aldius " , he must pay twenty solidi to the lord , the price for copulation with another man 's slave .
the flanking wings contained the kitchen in the south wing , and the chapel in the north , thus as at the baroque blenheim palace balancing both spiritual and bodily needs equally .
penalties for unlawful acts were separated into non - property related penalties ( ex . bodily harm ) and property related penalties .
to change direction , the link and rod ends were bodily raised or lowered by means of a counterbalanced bell crank worked by a " reach rod " that connected it to the reversing lever .
there , he encounters deceased sith lord naga sadow , who had used a technique to suspend bodily animation and enter a coma on the moon at the end of the great hyperspace war ( portrayed in " tales of the jedi " storyline of the same name ) .
angus rejected many of the core traditional christian beliefs , including the doctrine of the trinity , the biblical inspiration , the virgin birth and bodily resurrection of christ .
" ( 3 ) this section applies in respect of an offence under this act or any other act of parliament that includes as an element an assault or any other interference or threat of interference by a person with the bodily integrity of another person "
to best prevent bodily harm or injury its recommended that all direct contact be avoided and the compound be kept under extremely strict environmentally controlled conditions .
as the relationship deteriorates , the woman 's actions progress from insults ( calling him ugly , cheap , and the antichrist ) , to adultery ( sleeping " with the whole hockey team " ) , to bodily harm and pranks ( shaving his eyebrows while he slept , pulling out his chest hair with rusty pliers , shoving his head into a lit barbecue grill , drilling a hole in his skull ) , to arson , to attempted homicide ( putting poison in his coffee , cutting the brake lines on his car , pushing him down an elevator shaft , leaving a cobra in his dresser and piranhas in his bath , leaving him for dead in a ditch ) .
fractional amounts of the policy will be paid out if the covered employee loses a bodily appendage or sight because of an accident .
anointing with oil , often called " unction " , is one of the mysteries administered by the orthodox church and it is not reserved only for the dying or terminally ill , but for all in need of spiritual or bodily healing .
colossus , a computer program , developed by computer sciences corporation is the insurance industry ’s leading expert system for assisting adjusters in the evaluation of bodily injury claims ( aka " pain and suffering " ) .
once such a verdict is handed down , the defendant has the burden of proof of showing that his release would not create a substantial risk of bodily injury to another person or serious damage of property of another due to a present mental disease or defect .
some of these elements are contained in our three bodily energies and their imbalance affects the equilibrium of the three ‘
he was conceived of the holy spirit , born of the virgin mary , lived a sinless life , was crucified and resurrected bodily to make full provision for redemption .
the above items were additional examples of his overall aim at the maintenance of bodily health through a quiet enjoyment of human life .
where the onset of loss of bodily control was blameworthy , e.g. , the result of voluntary drug use , it may be a defense only to specific intent crimes .
elements of the oral storytelling art form include visualization ( the seeing of images in the mind 's eye ) , and vocal and bodily gestures .
for example , the " mens rea " of aggravated battery is the intention to do serious bodily harm .
these marks are not necessarily physical , but are talked about as bodily features .
the movement through the cave demands all kinds of bodily postures like standing , sitting , creeping , crawling etc . yet
this is not a great idea , as flinching is a bodily reaction to danger and is a very sensitive feature , and must be treated as such .
that is , when we walk we have a bodily understanding of where to place the foot , but normally we do not need rules to do this .
febronia refused and was tortured , suffered bodily mutalation and death .
ramnarine khelawon was accused of aggravated assault , uttering a death threat , assault causing bodily harm , and assault with a weapon .
the first attempt to do bodily harm to a president was against jackson .
as in many other folk religious , magical , and medical practices , extensive use is made of herbs , minerals , parts of animals ' bodies , an individual 's possessions , and bodily fluids , especially menstrual blood , urine and semen .
sexual desire , or libido , is experienced as a bodily urge , often accompanied by strong emotions such as love , ecstasy and jealousy .
accounts of external haemorrhaging from bodily orifices are pervasive in popular references to the disease but are in fact rare .
after lord steyn 's judgment in " r v woollin " ( 1998 ) 4 all er 103 ( hl ) ( affirmed in r v matthews & alleyne [ 2004 ] ) it is clear that , based on " r v moloney " , foresight of death or grievous bodily harm as a mere probability is insufficient .
speaking generally , the and the pārāyanavagga tend more strongly to emphasize the negative sides of asceticism ( i.e. , asceticism as a process of negating desire ) , and show a strong concern with regulating everyday bodily activities and sexual desires .
that is , our bodily know - how and the way we act and move can encode components of our understanding of self and world . "
bodily harm includes any foods that will cause detrimental stress to any physical organ directly or indirectly ( via any physical imbalance ) .
the precise mechanisms by which the effects of carbon monoxide are induced upon bodily systems , are complex and not yet fully understood .
on the sixth terrace are purged the gluttonous , and more generally , those who over - emphasised food , drink , and bodily comforts .
in contrast to the older system , which had allowed execution or bodily mutilation for a wide range of offences , the muluki ain severely limited-- without abolishing -- corporal punishment .
during his time in south africa , he became more " interested in the power of suggestion and the way the mind influences bodily functions . "
their bodily waste was managed by means of a chamber pot .
like the other abrahamic religions , islam teaches the bodily resurrection of the dead , the fulfillment of a divine plan for creation , and the immortality of the human soul ; the righteous are rewarded with the pleasures of " jannah " ( heaven ) , while the unrighteous are punished in " jahannam " ( hell ) .
murder , accidental death and bodily harm are open to punishment from the victim 's family . retribution may be sought in kind or through blood money .
" dark night of the soul " ( from which the spiritual term takes its name ) narrates the journey of the soul from her bodily home to her union with god .
cecilie was eight months pregnant with her fourth child at the time of the crash , and the remains of her baby were found in the wreckage , indicating that cecilie had gone into labour or suffered sufficient bodily trauma to result in birth .
then homer sees otto and carries him bodily off to the studio costume & makeup shop from where he returns dressed and bewigged like the other small people .
phenobarbital causes a " depression " of the body 's systems , mainly the central and peripheral nervous systems ; thus , the main characteristic of phenobarbital overdose is a " slowing " of bodily functions , including decreased consciousness ( even coma ) , bradycardia , bradypnea , hypothermia , and hypotension ( in massive overdoses ) .
manichaeans , again , holding their spiritual being to be unaffected by the action of matter , regarded carnal sins as being , at worst , forms of bodily disease .
this is done by identifying them as something non - dualistic , and here skinner takes a divide - and - conquer approach , with some instances being identified with bodily conditions or behavior , and others getting a more extended ' analysis ' in terms of behavior .
any subjects other than randall weaver , vicki weaver , kevin harris , presenting threats of death or grievous bodily harm , the fbi rules of deadly force are in effect
it is defined as the inner unity of a person 's " bodily and spiritual being " that successfully integrates a person 's sexuality with his or her " entire human nature " .
jawad was charged with " attempted murder in violation of the law of war " and " intentionally causing serious bodily injury " .
the james - lange theory posits that emotional experience is largely due to the experience of bodily changes .
while the muslim - arab elite engaged in conquest , some devout muslims , zahid , began to question the piety of indulgence in a worldly life , emphasizing rather poverty , humility and avoidance of sin based on renunciation of bodily desires .
a combined single limit combines property damage liability coverage and bodily injury coverage under one single combined limit .
however , blake describes inspiration in bodily terms , vitalising the nerves of his arm .
in 2008 , effective january 1 , 2009 , the mdaaa broadened the interpretations and added to the mda examples of " major life activities " including , but not limited to , " caring for oneself , performing manual tasks , seeing , hearing , eating , sleeping , walking , standing , lifting , bending , speaking , breathing , learning , reading , concentrating , thinking , communicating , and working " as well as the operation of several specified " major bodily functions".[4 ] the act overturns a 1999 ministry of justice case which held that an employee was not disabled if the impairment could be corrected by mitigating measures ; it specifically provides that such impairment must be determined without considering such ameliorative measures .
bodily harm ( film ) .
the case ended in a mistrial when jurors suggested that they were unclear as to the definition of “ serious bodily injury . ”
morphos will also feed on the bodily fluids of dead animals and on fungi .
a grand jury indicted paul schlesselman and daniel cowart on november 5 2008 on federal charges of threatening to kill and inflict bodily harm upon a major presidential candidate , conspiracy , interstate unlawful transportation of an unregistered firearm , interstate transportation of a firearm with the intent to commit a felony , transporting a short - barreled shotgun across state lines without a license and unlawful possession of a short - barreled shotgun .
it was lampooned in stanley kubrick 's 1964 film " dr. strangelove " , in which the character general jack d. ripper initiates a nuclear war in the hope of thwarting a communist plot to " sap and impurify " the " precious bodily fluids " of the american people with fluoridated water .
to him , " states yitzhak sonenson , " we all owe our lives , " for he was the person most intimately involved with the care of the 16 jews in hiding , including digging underground shelters , preparing food , removing bodily wastes , transfer from one locality to another , and no - less – warning them of approaching danger . "
since then , the movements of my body take place without my knowing how the nervous impulse passes to the muscles and there - causes them to contract i do not cause my own bodily actions .
díaz 's father , víctor días , appeared listed among those who were killed and had their bodily remains thrown into the pacific ocean .
