he has subsequently bounced back with 11 wins , including a triumphant return to the ufc at ' .
if " bounced " while cruising at low speeds it could take a spitfire up to two minutes to accelerate to top speed .
however in 1983 st. canice ’s seniors bounced back .
much of the unique tone is owed to the fact that the system is at least partially enclosed , but with linear louvres along the sides and front so that the unit can vent the sound from within the box after the sound has bounced around inside , mellowing it .
the game cube is tossed in the air rather than bounced .
the cork team bounced back in 1952 with ring winning a sixth munster medal following a defeat of three - in - a - row all - ireland champions tipperary in the provincial decider .
warwick had a mainly dismal 1983 season in the toleman car , but bounced back , scoring points in the final four rounds of the championship .
a year later , after losing hunter , sixth - man sonny johnson and three - point shooter steve esterkamp , the 2003–04 bobcats slipped to a 10–20 record , but bounced back in 2004–05 for their memorable run to the ncaa tournament .
in the second half jason campbell threw a three - yard touchdown pass to te chris cooley , then bruce gradkowski threw a three - yard touchdown pass intended for galloway but instead bounced off him into becht 's hands , making the game tied in the third quarter 10 - 10 .
however , portis bounced back in 2001 as the hurricanes won the national championship and portis had his best season rushing for 1200 yards and 10 touchdowns on 220 carries ( 5.5 avg . ) .
the two stations were mildly successful with the format , but poor money management by the general manager resulted in more bounced paychecks , and in 1974 , the entire staff walked out , shutting the stations down .
baltimore finished 7–9 and missed the playoffs in 2002 , but bounced back in 2003 with a 10 - 6 record and the franchise 's first division title ; the key game of this season was a wild 44–41 overtime win over the seattle seahawks in which the ravens scored 20 unanswered points from the 10:14 mark of the fourth quarter through overtime ; the win launched the then 5–5 ravens into the division title .
both missed kicks bounced off of the left upright , ultimately leading to a 10 - 3 victory for the san francisco 49ers .
but every time they slammed into someone , they bounced off and hit the wall .
with thirteen minutes left barry - murphy hit a low shot in towards the goal and it bounced in past noel skehan .
on october 31 , 2009 , instant replay was used in game 3 of the world series when in the 4th inning , alex rodriguez hit a ball that bounced off the camera in right field .
the following few years proved difficult for kilkenny , however , the team bounced back in 1982 with prendergast winning a national hurling league medal .
later , he admitted he had bounced a few .
he bounced off it and back into the road , hitting the barrier across the way , and flying over it .
the rangers to bounced back and they won the next three games , allowing the canucks just four goals .
the matter bounced back and forth , over the next few years , until richard swann lull published his " revision of ceratopsia " , in 1933 .
the club was relegated from the top flight for the first time in 2004 but bounced back the following season .
despite this setback , leeds bounced back five days later to win their 10th home game in succession , a record not matched since the glory days of don revie 's side .
prior to the accident , an air india flight from goa is reported to have bounced on landing , breaking two runway lights .
walsh missed out on qualifying for the 2008 grand slam of darts but bounced back to reach the semi finals of the inaugural championship league darts , winning group eight and then placing second in the winners group , eventually losing to mervyn king .
the group bounced briefly over to decca before returning to pye records , and a longterm contract to record for that label 's piccadilly imprint .
maurice deshazo threw the ball to still , but still dropped the pass after it bounced off his chest , thus denying the hokies a touchdown .
the club managed to keep the team together and bounced back after a record - breaking year .
the only gunfire that occurred was aimed at superman , and of course the bullets bounced off .
henson built a scale model of his design , which made one tentative steam powered " hop " as it lifted or bounced , off its guide wire .
on another occasion , a $ 17 million check bounced .
unlucky for norman his drive bounced to the right and bounded into a fairway bunker 310 yards from the tee .
the team bounced back in 1967 with gaynor collecting a second munster title .
in mid- , williams was sold to the expos , and his numbers bounced back somewhat , as he hit 17 home runs and drove in 55 runs .
the hawks bounced right back in 1990 , winning iowa ’s ninth big ten title and qualifying for iowa ’s fifth rose bowl , though iowa lost in pasadena for the third time under fry .
as the fourth chip was being dropped , a co - producer realized that the wires were still in place and stopped the chip as it bounced down the board , informing host drew carey of the situation .
he hit the reflector , the bullet bounced back through the target , and that resulted in an additional five points added to his perfect score .
the response was a burst of fire , which bounced off the stones in front of him .
5 duke won at n.c. state , 57 - 0 , but was still bounced out of the top five .
after experiencing a decelerated growth rate in 2002 compared to the previous year ’s 6.1% growth rate , the sector bounced back in 2003 with a 5.6% growth rate .
however the film became mired in preproduction limbo and bounced back and forth between different studios for the next several years .
freeman bounced back politically in 1990 , when he was elected to a single six - year term as the plaquemine city judge .
as she describes it , " playboy just bounced off my chest and fell into my lap . "
not having enough gunpowder , it bounced off the roof , causing servants who were dressed in red coats to come out .
but mariner 's landing quickly bounced back , and opened the 1982 season with four new rides and a ripley 's believe it or not attraction .
on 8 july 1943 , hubert strassl was bounced by four lagg-3s 60 km north of kursk .
upon contacting the stanchion , the ball bounced back over the crossbar and onto the field .
while huge aircraft wheels and tires bounced off some house roofs , miraculously the main fuselage came within 100 feet of the residential area .
however , they bounced back in 1969 as liga alef champions .
on 19 minutes john campbell controversially bounced over the line after he appeared to be tackled .
he bounced around the minors for five years before playing in various european leagues .
manges ' oil fortune collapsed , resulting in a myriad of bounced checks for the players and coaches .
a throw from close in ran out habibul bashar - he had managed to get his bat over the line , but it bounced up and did not touch the ground when the ball hit the stumps .
hopkins did not seek re - election to the house in 1992 , due in part to his loss in the race for governor and also because he had bounced checks on the house bank .
it will explode upon contact with an enemy ship , regardless of whether it has already bounced or not .
page bounced back in june 1992 , decking fellow former world heavyweight champion james " bonecrusher " smith in the first round and punching out a unanimous decision in a rousing bout that revived his career yet again .
he decided to have a walk outside , but fell and ( comically ) bounced along the street , until he painfully came to a halt in front of a building .
woods bounced back from the starie defeat by moving up a weight division to light heavyweight and winning his next two fights before landing a shot at fellow yorkshireman and current holder of the british , commonwealth and european light - heavyweight titles crawford ashley .
the club bounced back immediately by winning the second division championship in 1988–89 .
he bounced back the following season , when he hit nine home runs , which was fourth in the league , batted.319 to finish second in the league , and totaled 84 rbis , which was ninth .
he bounced back in 2003 , starting in twenty - four league matches and was named the clubs defender of the year after tallying 115 saves .
ethnikos had one of the stronger teams in greek football for decades , but after being relegated from a ' ethniki for the first time in its history in 1990 , the club bounced between a ' and b ' ethniki for a few seasons and then stalled in b ' ethniki after 1999 .
in 1974 , barry parkhill sued the team after his paychecks bounced .
luton were relegated to the fourth tier in 2001 , but under joe kinnear bounced back at the first attempt .
cheques of rs 6.67 crore given by ppc to t series bounced giving rise to rumours that the film would not be released on the stipulated date .
the umpires awarded a free kick to pavlich before the ball was bounced .
scott bounced back in 1998 with " enemy of the state " , a conspiracy thriller starring will smith and gene hackman .
beginning in the 1993 - 94 season , they bounced between the oberliga hessen ( iv ) and landesliga hessen - süd ( v ) for nearly a decade before finally collapsing in 2002 and voluntarily accepting relegation all the way down to bezirksliga ( vii ) where they currently play .
three shots from " louisiana " went all the way through the federal vessel , while the return broadside bounced harmlessly off the rebel 's armor .
wlyt first held a gold - based oldies format , but then bounced about between aor ( as " 92 rock " ) , automated top 40 , and then disco ( as " disco 92 " ) until the early 1980s .
tom is bounced along the floor and seems to be attracted to the elevator : he opens the doors all by himself .
on one occasion , an arbitrator threatened to release 30 players from their contracts if manges did n't make good on their bounced checks .
thurles sarsfields lost their county championship crown in 1960 , however , the club bounced back by winning another five - in - a - row from 1961 until 1965 .
however , he bounced back from injury and in 1946 won victorian selection for the first time and a league newspaper award as the best player of the year .
during the regular season , feldman bounced back and forth between the rangers and oklahoma .
the last hit by rafael furcal bounced off of zambrano 's leg , and he was removed from the game as a precaution .
the club bounced back swiftly , winning the third division south for a second time in 1952 .
for example , the humphrey forces argued that the winner - take - all rule for the california primary violated procedural reforms intended to produce a better reflection of the popular vote , the reason that the illinois delegation was bounced .
it bounced up beneath him and momentarily carried his hanriot skyward .
but by 1952 it had bounced back to 550 , to accommodate the increase fleming was rewarded $ 415,000 for a new wing .
georgia tech bounced back the following week in atlanta against the university of north carolina .
the ball is bounced in the server 's own square and then hit into another player 's square .
once those tracks were " bounced , " the band later added lead vocal , bass , and a three - part backing vocal section .
police put a stun grenade through a window , but it bounced off a mattress that gray had placed as a barricade and landed back near police .
tipp bounced back in 1960 by defeating arch - rivals cork in the provincial final giving nealon a second munster medal .
in contrast to rear projection , in front projection the background image is projected onto both the performer and a highly reflective background screen , with the result that projected image is bounced off the screen and into the lens of a camera .
in the 1987 season , reimers was plagued by an ankle injury , only playing in 10 games where the bengals went 4 - 11 , but bounced back in the 1988 season , in which he played in all 16 games of the regular season and all the way to super bowl xxiii , which they lost to the san francisco 49ers .
facing decline was n't new for the brothers , who had bounced back from declines throughout their career to find success .
with a runner already on first via a single , the lancer second baseman laid down a bunt , reached on nelson 's error , and both runners advanced two bases when the ball bounced all the way to the rolled - up tarp in right field .
the kick bounced out of bounds at the clemson 44-yard line , and virginia tech 's offense returned to the field .
after the team slipped somewhat in 1966 , they bounced back the next year with an 11–1–2 season .
in what was easily his worst performance of the season against hamilton , durant and the roughriders bounced back yet again the next week against calgary , securing first place in the cfl west division for the first time since 1976 .
bond resigned during the 1980–81 season and the club were relegated , but bounced back the following season after finishing third .
the hotel had bounced through several ownership groups from 1987 until 2005 .
1992 saw tipp exit the championship at an early stage , however , the team bounced back for one last hurrah in 1993 .
however he bounced back and his efforts were rewarded when he given the task of refereeing the 2000 all - ireland final between galway and kerry .
he missed the first three preseason games but bounced back in time for the final preseason game and recorded three tackles and a sack .
maddux 's final lateral hit the ground and bounced into curry 's hands .
the gators bounced back from their first loss of the season , scoring 11 runs in 6 innings .
the game seemed destined for a draw when in the last minute colchester goalkeeper scott barrett 's goal kick caught on the wind , bounced once over hyde and into the top corner of the net .
the team bounced back in 1931 with o’regan collecting a fourth munster winners’ medal .
during the game , the ball must be bounced continuously ( dribbling ) , thrown through the air to other players ( passing ) and towards the basket ( shooting ) .
with the bases loaded and 2 out , utility - man mitsuru honma grounded a pitch back to andoh , but it bounced off him , and he could n't come up with the ball in time to get honma , giving the hawks a 5 - 4 lead , after starting the game so poorly .
he also mentioned that even though cory left the team , they spoke several times and " bounced a few ideas off him , " but there was no formal collaboration .
the ball came loose , hit the post and bounced to enrique guaita , to score the only game of the match .
andrea de cesaris had a huge accident on lap 41 when his suspension failed at abbey corner , his car bounced back across the track and narrowly missed satoru nakajima 's tyrrell ; de cesaris was unhurt .
the california highway patrol ( chp ) initially reported that they suspect that the tanker had been speeding and bounced off a guard rail leading to the overturn .
after being bounced out of the playoffs in the first round by the avalanche , the next two seasons would be major disappointments , as the team failed to make the playoffs in both seasons .
in the barbados v rest of leeward islands red stripe bowl match in 2002 - 03 , barbadian batsman kurt wilkinson was given out hit the ball twice , although his dismissal was controversial , as after hitting the ball , it had bounced from the pitch back onto his bat .
kerry bounced back in the 200 m backstroke and won his heat to qualify third - fastest , before claiming bronze in a time of 2 m 3.14 s behind the hungarian duo of sandor wladar and zoltan verraszto .
pitkämäki , who finished a disappointing fourth at the world championships , bounced back to win the world athletics final ahead of thorkildsen , despite the latter improving his national record to 89.60 metres .
already leading 3 - 0 , lions quarterback , buck pierce led his club on a long first - quarter drive that should have produced a touchdown , but a hard throw into the end zone bounced in and out of receiver , ryan grice - mullen 's hands that resulted in a 30-yard field goal by paul mccallum , to increase the lions lead to 6 - 0 .
csonka was unprepared to receive the handoff , and the ball rolled off his hip and bounced free .
in 1958 tipperary had bounced back and doyle collected his fourth munster medal .
he missed the syracuse and connecticut with an ankle injury , but bounced back with two tackles against louisville .
it caused a superficial crack on one side and bounced on to make a hole through the wall opposite the throne .
against chicago white sox pitcher javier vazquez in early september at u.s. cellular field , burnett took a no - hitter into the 6th inning before giving up a hard hit that bounced off scott rolen 's glove , but nevertheless got the win .
stallworth then bounced off a tackle and turned inside and broke two more tackles .
this prompted the selectors to restore him to the test team , and macartney bounced back with his first test century , making 137 in the first innings and 56 in the second in just 40 minutes , as australia completed a seven - wicket win .
on december 21 , she bounced back to reclaim the iba version of the world bantamweight title by decisioning lakeysha williams over 10 rounds .
miller shielded harvey from laker , as his younger partner was struggling against the off breaks that were turning away from him , including one that spun and bounced sharply to beating the outside edge .
the cornhuskers bounced right back from the trouncing delivered by notre dame , as they easily handled kansas state in manhattan and held them to no points on the day .
his nicknames " bull " or " bull head " came both from his great booming voice and a legend that a musket ball once bounced off his head .
ashton scored sixteen more times in the 2002 - 03 season as the club bounced back to the first division after just one season in the second division .
the baggies bounced back by thrashing watford 5 - 0 .
twice storm 2 rammed tornado so hard that it bounced off the arena wall and flew across the floor .
on 23 november , the italian biplanes were " bounced " by spitfire mk .
the shot bounced off the rim , with canizares getting his own rebound .
on 13 august 1942 while flying with a wingman in a formation of two c.202s on a reconnaissance flight over malta looking for a shipping convoy , the italian aircraft were bounced by four supermarine spitfire escorting the ships .
flight control system number two was replaced in favor of number one , and it never bounced again .
the helicopter bounced before coming to rest .
macklin then hit the pit wall and bounced back to the left , crossing the track again .
defeat was cork ’s lot in 1971 , however , the team bounced back in 1972 .
spiksley however smashed a shot against the upright which bounced into the goal and then out again .
however , in january 1960 , london bounced back when he beat the american pete rademacher by a knockout in the seventh .
released at 8,000 feet over the normandy coast , three gliders , each carrying about 28 heavily armed troops — in total 90 men , pilots included — clipped the tops of a group of poplar trees skirting a very small field and a dangerous pool and bounced to a halt only a few yards from each other , at precisely 0016 hours .
trapanese bounced back however , playing local derby 's against teams from marsala and erice .
drop tests were carried out over the sea near eglin afb , florida , but the programme was abandoned after the bomb bounced back at the a-26 causing loss of the rear fuselage and fatal crash on 28 april 1945 .
over the next decade and a half " vfb " bounced up and down between first and second division play ; they were consistently a top performer in the amateurliga schlewig - holstein ( ii ) , but completely incapable of escaping the basement of the oberliga nord ( i ) .
initially successful in the group matches , scoring 46 , 57 and 42 , he failed in the first super8 match against west indies ( 7 ) , but bounced back to scored a second half - century ( 59 not out ) in a ten - wicket victory against bangladesh in a match drastically shortened due to rain .
his superiority was so clear for everybody that organizers had to force him to play " per baix " ( down ) , that is , he could only hit the ball when it had already bounced on the ground or on the walls , but never on the air .
the unusual puncture wound is consistent with one which might be inflicted by an ice axe , leading some to conclude that , while mallory was descending in a self - arrest " glissade " , sliding down a slope while dragging his ice axe in the snow to control the speed of his descent , his ice axe may have struck a rock and bounced off , striking him fatally .
he bounced around many teams in the mexican league , most notably cf monterrey , where he was champion in 2003 .
quance bounced back again at the 1997 pan pacs in fukuoka , japan , winning the 200 m and 400 m individual medley , silver in the 200 m butterfly and finishing fourth in the 200 m breaststroke .
in a game at fenway park , he hit a line drive which struck the center field wall 390 feet from home plate and bounced into reggie smith 's glove before howard had even reached first base .
the punt bounced off the left knee of bc 's paul anderson and went into the end zone , where vandy 's sean richardson recovered with 10:35 left .
they were unsuccessful there and slipped to the bezirksklasse hamburg / hammonia ( ii ) , but immediately bounced back by capturing the lower division title in 1944 .
rivera bounced around the minors for a few years after that , playing with the nashville sounds & toledo mud hens ( detroit tigers organization -1986 - 1987 ) , denver zephyrs ( milwaukee brewers organization -1988 ) , richmond braves ( atlanta braves organization -1989 ) , indianapolis indians ( montreal expos organization-1990 ) .
if that were the case , it would likely have bounced from there into the net , not out on the field as it did .
the team would continue to struggle to score goals ( missing starters davy arnaud ( usa),jimmy conrad ( usa),and roger espinoza ( hon ) who were representing their national teams at the concacaf gold cup ) failing to score in seattle or new england and being bounced out of the usoc at the same time .
however leicester were awarded a penalty 8 metres inside their own half ; tim stimpson 's kick for goal bounced off both the post and crossbar before just falling over the post to deny llanelli .
its signals are locked with quantum cryptology and bounced through a dozen different satellites ( presumably the waynecoms ) .
after the loss to south carolina , kentucky bounced back on october 13 to defeat # 1 lsu in a historic triple overtime game .
armbrister attempted a bunt that bounced high near the plate toward the first - base line .
the project diana program of the u.s. army signal corps detected radar waves bounced off the moon in 1946 and attracted the attention of donald menzel .
guys aircraft attacked it , but all their weapons bounced off his hide .
in this way , egan also deals with the socioeconomic realities of life as a copy ( the global economy of the novel is in recession and copies often lose their vital assets ) , many of the less wealthy of whom live in " the slums " , a euphemism for the state of being bounced around the globe to the cheapest physical computing available at any given time in order to save money .
orlando bounced back with maynor completing a 37-yard td pass to wr –
the cats’ bounced back in 1978 with crotty winning a fifth provincial title .
roethlisberger bounced back the following game , throwing for 198 yards and two tds in a 20 - 3 victory over tampa bay .
although the puck missed the net , it bounced off the end boards and came right back to niedermayer who shot it past mike vernon to tie the game at 2–2 .
then he was bounced . "
in this engagement , the second day of the battle of hampton roads , the two ironclads repeatedly tried to ram one another while shells bounced off their armor .
he is also regarded as the game 's premier " bad ball hitter , " for his ability to consistently hit balls thrown well outside of his strike zone , a skill made evident in a game a number of years ago when guerrero hit a pitch which bounced in front of home plate .
the cats’ bounced back in 2002 with delaney claiming a first national hurling league medal .
the station broadcast tongue in cheek ads for products such as " negative - calorie cookies " ( eating them actually burned calories ) , " stereo - vision " tvs ( a television mounted on a short track that bounced back and forth so quickly as to simulate 3d ) , and " portable holes " ( peel it off its backing sheet , place on wall , make your stash , then remove ) .
at about half - past 7 in the evening the ship struck the reef , not heavily but grazing ; after that she struck heavier and then bounced right on to the reef high up .
however the isolated p-47s found themselves isolated when bounced by günther rall 's " jg 300 " .
but , the sharks bounced back in series 2 as they posted an eight - win , two - loss mark for the league 's best record before beating marikina before losing a hard fought three - game series with the cebu dolphins in the championship .
the two williams cars touched briefly , and jarier ran into the back of rosberg , who hit the wall , bounced off , and hit it again before sliding to a stop .
when the bands were playing and the crowd was jumping , the entire wooden floor often bounced up and down , causing the 15 ' high pa system , to sway precariously back and forth .
each mine contained 15 pounds ( 6.8 kilograms ) of tnt and , depending upon type , either floated or bounced along the riverbed .
but latics bounced back with a deserved 3 - 2 win over northampton sending them second in the league .
after a misjudged landing k5404 bounced and then tipped over on its back , trapping the pilot flt lt .
the team bounced back in the early 1970s with the likes of quarterback don jonas , running - back mack herron , wide receivers jim thorpe and bob larose .
waterford lost their provincial crown in 1958 , however , the team bounced back in 1959 with walsh , who was now captain of the side , collecting a second munster title followinga 3 - 9 to 2 - 9 win over cork .
dion nash had south africa in early trouble at 38 for 3 , although andrew hudson 's dismissal was shrouded in controversy : replays showed he 'd walked for a catch that bounced .
the ball bounced away and the gloveman turned around and took a one - handed diving catch to dismiss barnes for 62 .
thus , the senior management literally walked into their corporate headquarters out of the blue one day , told everyone in the office that the company was shutting down , they would not be getting any severance pay , or even their last salary check , and the prior salary check bounced .
he later bounced back from losers bracket to win the competition .
unique for a scrolling shooter game , all power - ups can be targeted , shot , and bounced off the sides of a level , making them more difficult to acquire for other players .
rescuing people from their porches , second - floor windows , or roofs , crawford described that he and jones bounced around like a cork , and dodged debris , houses and telephone poles .
sunderland bounced back from the defeat to liverpool with a 2–0 win against wigan athletic on 9 february .
he bounced back in 2001 , winning his fourth championship .
the tone and pace of the novel is upbeat : " my manager spoke in a genial manner , and as he spoke , his brushy moustache bounced over his upper lip like a little floor broom at work . "
boherlahan bounced back from this defeat to win the next four county championship titles between 1915 and 1919 .
he bounced back in the summer by captaining the luchese team to one of the three finals of the santa barbara season .
after the defeat , wigan bounced back with a 1 - 0 win against sunderland .
a goal put bromley in the lead until a cross bounced perfectly for lee hodges to blast the ball into the back of the net .
wheeled circular tubs freely rolled and spun down the incline , guided by the rails and bounced about by the posts .
in the first period of extra time , england striker geoff hurst had a shot on goal which bounced down from the crossbar and then out of the goal , before being cleared away by the german defenders .
if a throw ends with a washer leaning on an edge of the box , whether it has landed that way directly or if it has bounced or rolled there , the game ends immediately , and the team which shot the " leaner " wins .
diana taurasi bounced back from her woeful game 1 with 30 points to help the mercury even the five - game series .
he played one undistinguished test match against sri lanka at the end of the 1988 english summer where his inability against pace bowling was evident as he was bounced out by sri lanka 's medium pace attack .
the cats’ bounced back in 1986 with fennelly collecting a third national league medal before playing in the provincial decider against offaly .
bc lost to the blue devils 66–65 on a last minute heart - breaker and were bounced from the tournament .
a five - team finals series was re - introduced for 2008 ; and reigning premiers north shore bounced back from a slow start to the season to qualify for the finals .
the " constitution " is known as " old ironsides " for the way the cannonballs bounced off the hard live oak planking .
chris jessee , a member of the longhorns football operations staff and mack brown ’s stepson , stepped onto the field and may or may not have touched the ball as it bounced near the sideline .
over the next three seasons , carrithers bounced back and forth between the starting rotation and the bullpen for the giants , but various injuries limited him to no more than 25 appearances in each season .
in the 68th minute , colombia had a goal disallowed for a questionable offside call , and in the 70th minute , brazil also did not score a goal for a shot that bounced downward from the crossbar , though replays indicated penetration of the goal line by at least half a meter .
the following week wayne bennett agreed to terms to continue coaching the broncos for a further two years and the broncos bounced back in the semi - final , defeating the newcastle knights 50 - 6 .
additionally , if a bounced ball - up is poorly executed ( skewing sideways rather than going more or less upwards ) , the umpire can recall the ball - up , and will throw the ball on the second attempt .
in 1992 , hill 's company successfully bounced back from tragedy when an elephant stampeded out of control and had to be shot down by police officers .
in 1990 , the longhorns bounced back with a 10–1 regular season record .
as a young man , preston sturges bounced back and forth between europe and the states .
the other hit bounced off the skin just outside the forward fire room between the forward electric generators and the electrical panel ( " luckily " bouncing off where the 2 thin hull plates overlapped , resulting in a large dent ) and exploded in the water close aboard .
in 1972 he bounced back to a.356 and his fourth and final home run title ( 37 ) .
martin could not get out of the way , bounced off the wall , and created a nine - car pile - up in the process .
after relegation in 1985 , the club immediately bounced back and stayed for four more years .
two weeks later , oregon bounced back with wins over 8th ranked ucla and 6th ranked washington at home .
after a period in the hurling wilderness the cork team bounced back in 1952 with lyons securing a first munster winners ' medal following a defeat of three - in - a - row all - ireland champions tipperary in the provincial decider .
on the first play after the punt , however , tech defender jason worilds tackled davis , forcing a fumble , which bounced into the hands of fellow defender orion martin , who ran it 17 yards for a defensive touchdown .
after his final game in the majors on september 29 , 1996 , he pitched in seven games for the yomiuri giants in 1997 , then bounced around in the minors until 2001 before retiring .
his aim was not as accurate as his predecessor , and he bounced off the port side , above the water line , to explode and burn alongside .
he bounced back to the aa level before earning a promotion to the major leagues in august of that year .
single sales bounced back in 2006 as legal downloads added nearly thirty million sales to the total for the year .
photos of featherstone with celebrities such as delta goodrem , cameron diaz , alyssa milano , rose mcgowan , kiss , cold chisel , the veronicas , anthony mundine and brian mcfadden have appeared in numerous magazines around the world and featherstone appears in a gene simmons dvd being bounced playfully on simmons knee .
he bounced back in 1971 when he co - starred with his eldest son randhir kapoor in randhir 's acting and directorial debut " kal aaj aur kal " ( 1971 ) which also starred raj 's father prithviraj kapoor as well as randhir 's wife to be babita .
the wheel broke its tether and bounced back across the track into the following group of cars and collided with surtees ' helmet .
town bounced straight back at the first attempt , but were relegated again in 1962 .
but luther head 's three pointer bounced high and out .
his family moved to israel when he was 9 and he has subsequently bounced back and forth between los angeles and israel .
the british ship had bounced off and into the tanker .
they bounced straight back up a year later , but immediately went back down .
iguodala also pulled off a dunk where he started out of bounds from the right side of the baseline while teammate allen iverson bounced the ball off the back of the right side of the backboard .
she however bounced back with good showings at the grass season , reaching the quarterfinals of both the 2007 dfs classic and 2007 ordina open , losing both to jelena janković ; this was her fourth loss to janković in the year .
they immediately bounced back and earned a string of upper table finishes before again being sent down for a single season in 1941 - 42 .
once the ball has bounced on the floor , the server hits it so that it hits the side wall followed by the front wall .
brazil surprisingly lost to mexico 2–0 in their opening match , then bounced back with a comfortable 3–0 victory over chile with three goals from robinho , and won 1–0 against ecuador , robinho scoring on a penalty kick .
the very next week however the team bounced back again with a 41 point win over west coast .
however , he bounced back in 1974 with the winston - salem red sox , leading the carolina league in wins , complete games , and shutouts , and was named the circuit 's pitcher of the year .
wexford put an end to kilkenny ’s hopes of retaining the title in 1968 , however , the noresiders bounced back the following year with keher , who was now captain of the side , collecting an eighth leinster medal .
after a great year with the browns in 1941 , the 1942 season saw cullenbine bounced to three different teams .
1992 saw tipp exit the championship at an early stage , however , the team bounced back for one last hurrah in 1993 .
the tournament started with a defeat to south africa , but kenya bounced back with a four wicket win over canada in cape town .
smith bounced back from the davis cup disappointment to reach the finals of the monterrey challenger , partnering frenchman fleurian .
they bounced back to win the gold medal at the south pacific games in new caledonia the following year .
the renegades bounced back from those two losses by winning their next three games , defeating the connecticut thunder , worcester wildcats and the boston bandits .
bakhramov later stated in his memoirs that he believed the ball had bounced back not from the crossbar , but from the net and that he was not able to observe the rest of the scene , so it did not matter where the ball hit the ground anyway .
despite the previous season ’s disappointment , shiels’ side bounced back with style the following season .
it crashed through the roof of a frame house in oak grove , alabama , bounced off a large wooden console radio , and hit ann elizabeth hodges ( 1923 - 1972 ) who was napping on a couch .
the grenade bounced off and exploded under the following vehicle , wounding about 20 people .
brown was handed the number 20 squad number at sunderland for the 04/05 season , with many tipping brown to break through into the first team that season as the club bounced back from a play - off defeat to crystal palace the year below .
chicago drew a very good kansas city team that had bounced back from the bad bob cousy days under coach phil johnson .
after a period away from football due to injury , samereh soon bounced back and continued his scoring for esteghlal f.c. in the 04 season and was recalled to the iran national football team .
wexford put an end to kilkenny ’s hopes of retaining the title in 1968 , however , the noresiders bounced back the following year with henderson collecting a fourth leinster medal .
tjader bounced from verve to skye and then back to fantasy , the label he 'd started with in 1954 .
juarez bounced back with back - to - back wins against reynaldo hurtado and backlin medrano and earned a shot against mexican legend , marco antonio barrera for his wbc super featherweight title .
upon landing , the aircraft skipped once , bounced hard twice , and then crashed at luis muñoz marín international airport , san juan , puerto rico .
they bounced back with a 1969 version of " the letter " , which had been a hit two years before for the box tops .
the only profit center is a customer whose cheque hasn’t bounced . ”
for several years , pederson bounced on and off of the dolphins ' roster , spending time on their practice squad before settling onto their roster in 1993 .
the rangers to bounced back and they won the next three games , allowing the canucks just four goals .
to his credit , liton bounced back from these setbacks and enjoyed a highly successful 1989 - 90 .
