despite these comments , it is important to note that the ' bounce ' described is characteristic of many african american vernacular dance forms .
bounce streetdance company .
knowing that fads are often short - lived , wham - o executive vice - president richard p. kerr said " each super ball bounce is 92% as high as the last .
in the visual effects - laden commercial , a man ( played by actor david douglas ) wakes up in his bed- which , along with a lamp , is in an otherwise dark space- as his adidas_1 sneakers bounce onto his feet and tie their own laces .
two elements of mauer 's system were new to basketball in the south – the offensive screen and the bounce pass .
also , white album is impenetrable ; attacks ( e.g. bullets ) just bounce off .
damp pitches , or pitches covered in grass ( termed " green " pitches ) , allow good fast bowlers to extract extra bounce .
skilled ball handlers bounce the ball low to the ground , reducing the risk of a defender reaching in to steal the ball .
his dream was to bounce entangled light off of satellites in orbit .
networks can propagate information in one direction only , or they can bounce back and forth until self - activation at a node occurs and the network settles on a final state .
the year round family entertainment center ( party castle ) includes an indoor 3d glow - in - the - dark mini golf course , outdoor laser tag , create - a - friend stuffed animal experience , a 2 story bounce slide , temporary airbrush tattoos , an arcade room , party rooms , a retail shop , and snack bar .
the ball may bounce at them as many times as desired .
in recent times , rules players have practised techniques which use the unpredictable bounce of the ball to curve it towards goal , making it possible to kick goals from seemingly impossible angles ( see also checkside punt ) .
he returned to full training on 22 january 2008 , scoring five goals in a bounce game .
this delivery can be dangerous for a batsman as it can bounce higher into the midriff .
in a test match in melbourne , 1988–89 , during christmas , just before second last days play , steve waugh decided to bounce patterson .
following the centre bounce st kilda moved the ball into their forward line where a pack formed about 45 metres from goal and a ball - up was called by the umpire with eight seconds remaining .
however , this has the disadvantage that valid messages containing images from new correspondents must either be silently discarded , or that bogus " backscatter " bounce messages must necessarily be generated to the reply - to addresses in junk mail messages , enabling denial - of - service attacks by spammers , as well as a directory harvesting attack .
his genre is mainly dance / trance / bounce .
this means the price is more likely to " bounce " off this level rather than break through it .
in many of the rules sets the ball can be played off of one bounce to get a striker out .
the user can safely jump off a great height , such as a tall building , bounce up again without injury , and continue bouncing until the boing !
the majority of the artwork in the first volume seemed to bounce between different artists but seemed to be primarily in the hands of ben dunn , whose work is best known on the comic series ninja high school .
if the maul lands beyond the log , the maul handle may either bounce or break .
on june 27 , 2009 anders was a guest of the first world moon bounce day .
pitches were not covered before the first world war and were consequently less batsman - friendly , often turning prodigiously for slow bowlers and offering erratic bounce for seamers , leading to much lower ( better ) bowling averages .
being swallowed whole by a monstrous beast or falling to the earth from staggering heights only to bounce back minutes later speak mildly of the heckler 's ability to absorb and recover from damage .
the new production company would open for new orleans bounce music artist of take fo records .
a test performed by doctors upon pregnant women that involves tapping against the uterus through the vagina and causing the fetus to " bounce " or move around the amniotic fluid within the uterus and rebound quickly .
tigger is introduced in chapter ii of " house at pooh corner " , when he shows up on winnie - the - pooh 's doorstep in the middle of the night , announcing himself with a big bounce .
ground bounce .
the team managed to bounce back with a draw in russia and a win in switzerland , but failed to defeat slovenia in the penultimate game , thus ended the qualifiers in third position .
however , one hand is useful in that it can generate a slice shot , applying backspin on the ball to produce a low trajectory bounce .
in the ninth game of the season , slaton exploded for runs of 65 and 63 yards to help wvu bounce back and beat cincinnati 42 - 24 , finishing with 148 yards and two touchdowns on just 12 carries .
just when they thought they had it solved , they ran into a major problem : with short putts the ball would bounce out of the cup .
when released , however , billboard described the tune as " an unusually swingy side " " with a bright bounce in the medium tempo and a steady drive maintained , it 's a jumper that defies standing still " .
roger hunt , the other english forward , claimed to have seen the ball bounce behind the line .
marvel learns he is invulnerable as bullets bounce off his chest .
several old songs have made their reappearance amongst the kop 's repertoire and the rtk were responsible for the fernando torres song and its accompanying ' bounce ' .
busta rhymes plays hypeman to " suicide bounce " and doug e. fresh beatboxes on " virgo " .
barring such " hollywood magic " in real life , a freak bounce out of the pit or a side wall rebound are the only realistic ways to convert a 7–10 split .
bradman 's early development was shaped by the high bounce of the ball on matting - over - concrete pitches .
one major improvement was a shock absorber to reduce tine spring return bounce .
balls are dropped from the top , and bounce left and right as they hit the pins .
he began his pro career and began to bounce around a bit to the aforementioned teams , until he found a solid home in boston , with the bruins , in 1989 and coach mike milbury .
after this is decided and set up , players take turns trying to bounce the quarter into the ice cube tray .
being short consists of coming short of the serving line upon its bounce back off the wall , or not reaching the opponents half but being in bounds .
this results in the high pitched whistle ( about 10 kilohertz ) that can often be heard behind an am station at night when other carriers from adjacent channels are traveling long distances due to atmospheric bounce .
significantly , radiosity rendering provided a true simulation of bounce - light in a computer - generated environment .
its primary purpose is to position various flags , color gels , bounce cards , and silks in front of light sources to block , direct , or modify the nature of the light .
dancers bounce twice gently on every count .
vision processes light waves as they travel from their source , bounce off surfaces throughout the environment and enter the eyes .
damper and spring specifications : bump , rebound with bounce frequency at 1.43 hz at front and 1.80 hz at the rear , despite being sports oriented these figures imply the rather soft ride and will inherently decrease track performance , but again , the mclaren f1 is not in concept nor implementation a track machine .
thankfully for the club , they were able to bounce back under the management of vittorio faroppa , winning promotion by finishing top of their group ahead of novara .
as a result the camera does n't bounce up to the ' balanced ' position after a move , for example when the operator steps up onto a curb from the road .
their shields can barely bounce off these shots .
this resulted in a recovery of the party , which had its highest peak in the 1983 general election : after that spadolini had been prime minister of italy for barely two years , the party enjoyed a bounce which lead it to the 5.1% of the vote .
the fake check will bounce and the victim has lost whatever money they " refunded " to the scammer .
smollett starred with bow wow in the 2005 film " roll bounce " .
long - established performers such as rebirth brass band , irma thomas , big chief bo dollis of the the wild magnolias , allen toussaint and walter " wolfman " washington are represented , along younger performers in the traditional vein , such as trombone shorty and corey henry , john boutté , josh cohen and ryan scully of morning 40 federation , and glen david andrews , and also bounce artists cheeky blakk , big freedia , katey red , and sissy nobby .
with stu growing suspicious of connor 's story that the money had been stolen from " bounce " in an armed raid , connor came clean to toadie who was irate .
after all the ups and downs , it is clear , this community has always been able to bounce back from hard times to change for the better .
bounce and this left feels right ( 2002–04 ) .
the platforms themselves are invisible in later stages , and the player can only tell they are there by where the coconuts bounce and the bonus items .
if done correctly , a " z " shot will apply spin to the ball as well on the final bounce , causing it to rebound perpendicular to the second wall and fall parallel to the back wall , the closer the better .
bay area slang consists of words like : " bounce " , " chillax " , " coochie " , " ginormous " , " hyphy " , " hella " , " ripper " , " cutty " , " scraper " , " perkin " and many other words .
in stream load transport , saltation is a bounce - like movement , occurring when large particles are suspended in the stream for a short distance after which they fall to the bed , dislodging particles from the bed .
they can try to attach stigma to me , but it will bounce off , back on to them .
these signals bounce off the target into the sky , where they are detected by the seeker on the laser guided munition , which steers itself towards the centre of the reflected signal .
similarly , the auditory system processes sound waves as they travel from their source , bounce off surfaces and enter the ears .
a new ball , which is harder than an old ball , generally favours fast bowlers who can make it bounce at a greater range of ( unpredictable ) heights and speeds .
" bounce " was officially given a physical release in the u.s. on 4 may 2004 , serving as connor 's debut single there .
cherry bounce is a liqueur made by steeping cherries and sugar in brandy .
the album mixes influences of techno - pop with fast trance dominated the album . the hit single releases from this album were " love religion " ( with daisy dee ) as well as the title track " club bizarre " with harmonies , which was reused later by brooklyn bounce .
from above and bounce around the edges of the screen and against the energy
a handsman can be caught out ' one hand one bounce ' .
but despite these setbacks , supporters of his back in pt augusta are sure he will bounce back in 2006 to reaffirm himself as one of the afl 's premier defenders .
this video consists of the band in the central arena attached to bungee cords , on which louise post ( right side and airborne ) , nina gordon ( left side and performing ) , and other band members bounce erratically .
in february , " bounce : the don barksdale story " is scheduled to be broadcast on fsn bay area .
as the piston moves up , the air inside the pipe column alternately compresses and expands , causing the carriage to bounce several times .
silicone balls have become a juggler 's favorite due to the high bounce back , and are used as a response system in many low response yo - yos .
in october 2009 oxford will also release his new book for the general public , " bounce : living the resilient life " .
however , instead of attempting to return the ball , renfro let it bounce inside his own 1-yard line where it was downed by center tom goode ( nfl rules prior to 1974 allowed a field goal that fall short of the goal posts to be downed just like a punt ) .
the main idea behind the quantum theory of a big bounce is that , as density approaches infinity , the behavior of the " quantum foam " changes .
shapiro proposed an observational test of his prediction : bounce radar beams off the surface of venus and mercury , and measure the round trip travel time .
if the mailing list is small , the owner can read the bounce messages and manually remove the invalid addresses from the list .
however , they are heavier and are prone to bounce when the horse trots or canters , which does not provide as steady a contact as the solid or elastic - insert side reins .
magellan 's high - gain antenna sent out thousands of pulses each second toward the planet ; the antenna then collected the echoes returned to the spacecraft when the radar pulses bounce off venus ' surface .
tigger invites everyone to bounce with him and even teaches rabbit how to do it .
charles goodyear 's innovation increased the bounce ability of the ball and made it easier to kick .
as of late , q - tip has been very active , once again happily reunited with the full line - up of a tribe called quest on the 2k7 nba bounce tour , rock the bells tour ' 08 , and regaining control of his previously label - owned myspace page .
contenders could throw as many balls as they wanted to per bounce but could only throw them at their allocated goal .
an entry page with a low bounce rate means that the page effectively causes visitors to view more pages and continue on deeper into the web site .
he will look to bounce back when he fights on the ufc 112 card in abu dhabi .
if performed correctly , the thumb should bounce along the head rapidly , producing the roll .
players are encouraged to form strategies that allow metal walkers to hit a single enemy , bounce off a wall , and then hit another enemy , all in a single turn .
it is said that he paid £ 50,000 for his peerage , and that he signed the cheque " woolavington " and dated it 2 january – the day after the title was to be gazetted – so that the payment would bounce if he did not receive the honour he had been promised .
jules and shadow 's personalities frequently bounce off each over the course of the game .
the problem worsened in the late 1990s after his third divorce , when he said he " could not bounce back " as he had after the previous divorces or after a bad game .
workers dig up the street out front of mr. bean 's house making lots of noise , and making the furniture bounce around .
pure gold was featured in the feature film roll bounce .
many expected charlton to bounce back from relegation into the premier league with signings such as chris iwelumo and luke varney in the 07/08 season .
there are also bludgeon enthusiasts who enjoy the extra bounce effects on certain skills for easier combos .
after this bouncing off the side or external surface , play resumes with primitive handball rules , but it is worth noting that players may still target external objects or sides of the court as long as the one bounce per square rule applies .
a mulligrubber is directed towards the ground and forced to bounce .
the ball is ' volleyed ' or hit off a bounce , cross court and with power to strike the front wall then the junction of the side wall and floor ( the ' nick ' ) .
he quotes one of many examples — " gas molecules may bounce against the walls of a container without requiring anything or anyone to get them moving . "
carrying , throwing , or catching the ball after a bounce also results in elimination .
in late 2008 , dinkins , with fellow browns player joshua cribbs , opened a children 's indoor inflatable play arena called bounce city , which is located in strongsville , ohio .
the success of the notorious b.i.g. 's debut album " ready to die " overshadowed mack 's early success on the bad boy label , and without being able to bounce back with another commercially successful album , mack hasn't been in the limelight since the 90s .
dive bombing springs will bounce alfred much higher so he can reach platforms well above his normal jumping ability .
meanwhile , the investors interested in one of major 's inventions , a rubber ring placed around a plate so that it will bounce rather than break when dropped , appear in the morning newspaper as robbers .
in ernest h. shepard 's illustrations , tigger appears to walk ( or more often , bounce ) on four feet as opposed to two .
the cornhuskers completed 11 of 16 passes and kept the cyclones off the board to bounce back from the disappointing season opener .
following a generally positive opening day 2 - 2 tie with ventura county fusion , the brigade promptly lost their next six games on the bounce , allowing six goals against the southern california seahorses , four goals against eventual divisional champs hollywood united hitmen , and conceded a last minute goal in a 2 - 1 loss in the return fixture against ventura .
good technique is characterised by quickly getting into the correct position to play the shot , especially getting one 's head and body in line with the ball , one 's feet placed next to where the ball would bounce and then swinging the bat at the ball to make contact at the precise moment required for the particular stroke being played .
instead , the challenge can be placed in the bounce message when the receiving mail system gives a rejection - code during the smtp session .
after releasing a pair of albums with the freestyle fellowship , " to whom it may concern ... " and " innercity griots " , as well as the 1994 " project blowed " compilation , acey signed to capitol records and released his highly acclaimed solo debut " all balls do n't bounce " in 1995 .
from blanchard ’s light funk reworking of the wayne shorter staple , “ footprints ” to the free - style of “ fred brown ” to the african - flavoured “ azania ” , which features vocals by african guitarist lionel loueke , to the straight - ahead finale , “ bounce / let ’s go off ” .
ricochet , true to his name , would bounce off all the walls yelling " bing - bing - bing ! "
the song is otherwise known as " sprite " or " melon - ball bounce " and was originally composed by raymond scott for a sprite radio commercial around 1963 , that references the " ice - tart taste " of sprite .
times critic jeannette catsoulis described " gracie " as " a familiar underdog story told with unusual sensitivity [ ... ] “ gracie ” connects the adversity - drama dots — the beat - down , the bounce - back , the last - minute support from an unexpected quarter — with a subtle awareness of the shock waves of bereavement .
rough or faulty jointed track is thought to have caused a two - axle cement hopper to " bounce " off the track , with the rear of the train pulling through the deck cross - sections .
some of his work incorporates or references elements of jazz — for instance " bela 's bounce " , an homage to béla bartók and charlie parker .
for its own students , silliman has an annual freshman olympics where students from its various entryways compete in teams for the " clean sweep " broom and richfest ( named in honor of rich marshall , a member of the silliman class of 1996 ) , an outdoor day of fun complete with a dunk tank , cotton candy , and a moon bounce , thrown as classes end in the spring .
it included seven large , staff - manned exhibits : bounce , orbitron , high cycle , roller coaster simulator , f-18 flight simulator , rock wall , and olympic sprint , which , due to the closing of upmc sportsworks in august 2008 , have since been moved over to the main carnegie science center .
reflecting shot : this power up makes the character 's attacks bounce off solid surfaces .
a " spin bowler " usually bowls quite slowly and puts tremendous spin on the ball causing it to bounce at an angle off the pitch , forcing the batsman to treat each ball carefully .
as khuhro had a big base of public support he was able to bounce back to become premier twice more and was defence minister of pakistan when the first martial law regime was imposed by ayub khan .
another type of boof is the " rock boof " which is a move that uses a glancing impact with a boulder at the top of a ledge to bounce the boater over a downstream feature , often finished with a mid - air eddy turn .
his diminutive size and extraordinary balance allowed him to bounce between defensive players much like a pinball inside a pinball machine .
along with that , he achieved steepling bounce from his great height and was very accurate .
nekesa mumbi moody of " usa today " called it “ a sexy techno groove that you ca n't help but bounce to ” .
the lights , which according to reports look like blue lantern lights or white spheres , float through the cemetery and bounce on the headstones .
since the dividers on an american board are " much " thinner ( usually around 1/100 of inch ) , and they are completely pressed into the surface , it is extremely unlikely that the dart will bounce off from hitting the steel .
the shotgun , the harpoon gun , the uzis and the grenade launcher have remained from " tomb raider ii " ( though the grenade launcher 's grenades will now bounce around unless directly hitting a living target , unlike the instant explode - upon - impact style of tomb raider ii ) .
the e major start soon transposes into a section in ab major , where both hands bounce around with a dotted melody which is the second theme .
to get balls that bounce unnaturally high or low , the plane of the machine must be set so that it is vertical .
playing the troy haymakers , with the game tied 17 to 17 , mcvey fouled off a pitch the catcher claimed to have caught on the first bounce .
bounce your boobies .
jefferis purchased " bounce " in 1994 and rode the horse for the remainder of his international career .
the coefficient of restitution entered the common vocabulary , among golfers at least , when golf club manufacturers began making thin - faced drivers with a so - called " trampoline effect " that creates drives of a greater distance as a result of an extra bounce off the clubface .
katy appeared in a television commercial for ' bounce ' fabric softener in spring 1996 with fellow scouse thespian mark moraghan .
bogart 's bounce .
the 1977 season was a bounce - back with the hiring of don zimmer as manager and the signing of reliever bill campbell from the minnesota twins .
off - broadway , mcgillin originated a leading role in the world premiere of stephen sondheim 's 2003 musical " bounce " and was featured in the " encores ! " production of the " ziegfeld follies of 1936 " .
bounce keys allows you to configure the computer to ignore rapid , repeated keypresses of the same key .
their crews , however , were experienced in tracking soviet aircraft over cuba and had developed a technique whereby an ec-121 flying at 50 to 300 feet could bounce a signal from its bottom - mounted aps-95 search radar off the surface of the water and detect aircraft at medium altitudes out to 150 miles .
yeah " by ginuwine , and " bounce back " by juvenile .
the two bounce around , and then mud boy decides to get rid of alan and judy so he and peter can have fun forever and takes off to get them after sticking peter to a wall .
the beam returns to the earth 's surface , and may then be reflected back into the ionosphere for a second bounce .
with each bounce , the wave loses energy to the foam material and thus exits with lower signal strength .
when the user pushes or pulls the corn popper , colored balls inside a plastic dome bounce and create a popping , bouncing noise .
one of their other major songs from this album was " galaxy bounce " , which was popular and featured as the main title music for the xbox game " project gotham racing " , it was also included on the soundtrack for the movie adaptation of tomb raider .
it is actually rigid insulation made for the construction trade , but was adopted to the film trade because of its " true - white " color and " soft " bounce .
when carmella found out what connor had done she was horrified - she had actually been loaned the money by her mother - and anonymously returned it to " bounce " and apologised to connor .
terrific wins over cardiff city and ipswich town followed , giving southampton three wins on the bounce .
when the contacts strike together , their momentum and elasticity act together to cause bounce .
competitors include txu , bounce energy , first texas energy corporation , texas power , and reliant energy .
the receiver must allow the serve to bounce once before returning it , or they lose the point .
when it hits a plate under a steep angle , its path might be curved , causing it to move through more armour — or it might bounce off entirely .
the atlanta falcons hoped to bounce back the next week against the pittsburgh steelers , and they did so with a huge game .
however , most american cities have seen at least a modest bounce in interest in core cities and older neighborhoods in recent years with a special emphasis on condominium projects , often in formerly non - residential structures .
a company called cinematic captioning systems has a similar reflective system called bounce back .
jigmastas ' recording debut was in rude rydims ' " everybody bounce " on freeze records in 1995 .
the bounce helps to prevent the club from taking deep divots on a sloppy or soft fairway .
any e - mail that is returned as a bounce without a valid signature can then be rejected .
from the first bounce , hart drove the tigers forward , where cumming grabbed the loose ball and handballed to richardson , who was alone in the goal square .
some relevant metrics include : the number of duplicates , email bounce - backs , percentage of dummy data , response rates , etc ..
moose is the name of a drinking game that involves players bouncing a quarter off of a table in an attempt to have the quarter land , without another bounce , in an ice cube tray on that table .
clinton also broke his season long try scoring drought . solely chasing a mediocre kick , the bounce of the ball confused cowboys winger brenton bowen , allowing joel to gather and score in the corner .
the sicilian side were not able to bounce straight back up into serie a , and in fact during their third season back down in serie b were relegated .
using coins will quickly reveal some problems : while shaking the coins in cupped hands , it 's hard to know whether they are truly being tumbled ; when flipping the coins , they tend to bounce and scatter .
when pushed against the rev - limiter , the engine will happily bounce against it just like a manual .
in some cases , ambient light may be used as a fill , in which case additional lighting provides the stronger light source , for example in bounce flash photography .
however , the stop zone is small , and the ball can often bounce right over it without stopping .
" get me bodied " is a moderate r&b and bounce track .
an original cast recording of the 2003 version ( then titled " bounce " ) was released on may 4 , 2004 by nonesuch records .
the clubs first matches were enterprisingly good wining there first 3 out of 4 matches , but soon more controversy came up when player and coaches alike claimed that their monthly paychecks had bounce
morris and hassett started slowly , scoring only six runs in the first six overs on a surface that offered spin and bounce .
at 10,60 m from the fronton there is another line on the ground , the back line , which the ball may not bounce from .
rami could also bounce on enemies ' heads to defeat them .
her first three books are the award - winning , young adult novels " perfect " , " lush " , and " bounce " .
los angeles would bounce back from this losing streak to win 17 out of their next 18 games , the first time the dodgers did so since 1899 .
he also appeared in a commercial for trill budgie seed , with the slogan , " trill makes budgies bounce with health " .
however , a well struck tee shot can make this hole drivable , and one of the better birdie opportunities , particularly since shots which are just left of the green tend to bounce right .
other features included electronic fuel injection , cdi type ignition with a twin spark ignition system using 2 spark plugs per cylinder , dry crankcase lubrication , mixed gear / chain timing , anti - vibration double - countershaft ( avdc ) double balancing countershaft , and power - assisted hydraulic - controlled clutch covered by the ( aprilia patented ) pneumatic power clutch ( ppc ) to control rear - wheel bounce during sudden deceleration .
davies showed considerable skill and maturity in a debut game when he timed his move on a loose ball to pick the correct bounce to kick the ball forward and then successfully chase it over the line .
following the end of the bounce tour in august 2003 , bon jovi embarked on a project ; originally intending to produce an album consisting of live acoustic performances , the band ended up rewriting , re - recording and reinventing 12 of their biggest hits in a new and much different light . "
offstring tricks include : main pass , flea bounce , and eli hops
following the season , he was dealt to the detroit red wings , where he had a bounce - back year to finish with 17 goals and 28 points .
they have already remixed tracks for dj manian , cascada , brooklyn bounce , rob mayth & dan winter , yanou , basshunter , and many others .
the club planned to bounce straight back in the 1912–13 season , but even with a team of strong new players the team could only finish fifth .
backspin : the easy - to - learn backspin strokes adds subtle lift to the first part of the ball - curve , lets the ball drop more suddenly , makes the ball bounce more upright and most significantly : makes the ball dive downwards when the opponent uses a common rubber ( pimples inwards ) on his racket .
later in february , in the u.s. , simpson was awarded with a " bounce back award " at the " trl " awards , which aired on february 25 , and performed " l.o.v.e. " on the occasion .
the receiving player had to hit the ball back to the original player , or into any other player 's box either on the volley or after one bounce , as in tennis , squash , etc .
these ballcourts vary considerably in size , but all have long narrow alleys with side - walls against which the balls could bounce .
in what would end up being known as the " demolition derby " , the scene was set before the first bounce when the eagles ruckman michael gardiner began pushing and striking the dockers first year player matthew pavlich , resulting in a free kick to fremantle .
shiloh won a radio contest with the bounce , which started her career in singing .
a player with possession of the ball must bounce or pass the ball within ten seconds .
more bounce to the ounce " stands out as the most used sample in chicano rap and west coast rap , being sampled in countless songs .
unfortunately , most bounce messages have historically been designed to be read by human users , not automatically handled by software .
papers released by the national archives , london , november 2007 , show that crookshank , with harold macmillan , led a faction within the cabinet of sir winston churchill 's government , who opposed what they perceived to be an attempt to bounce the cabinet into a premature decision to authorise a british thermonuclear bomb programme in july 1954 .
it requires that each mail server must either deliver it onward or return a failure notice ( bounce message ) , but both software bugs and system failures can cause messages to be lost .
this is a much more fragmentary piece than his earlier quartet ( 1951 ) : the four instruments play very individual roles and unpredictably bounce off one another .
modern sprung floors are designed to dampen bounce and so are sometimes called semi - sprung .
bounce profile .
the hatters were playing in third division ( north ) for the second time but unlike 1921–22 they could not bounce back and finished sixth in a season that burgess flourished .
ground bounce is usually seen on high density vlsi where insufficient precautions have been taken to supply a logic gate with a sufficiently low resistance connection ( or sufficiently high capacitance ) to ground .
channel email is a new proposal for sending email that attempts to distribute the anti - spam activities by forcing verification ( probably will use bounce messages so back - scatter does n't occur ) when the first email is sent for new contacts .
other modifications included a water jacketed inlet manifold , timing adjustments and stronger valve springs to eliminate valve bounce at high rpms .
sometimes i can get a girl on each knee and bounce 'em along . "
extremely prevalent in new orleans hip hop ( particularly bounce music ) , jazz , and other local genres of music , the concepts of ' calling out ' one 's ward ( stating the ward of one 's residence ) , and ' throwing up ' one 's ward ( holding one 's digits on one or both hands to signify their ward ) have become mainstays of local culture and are even embraced casually at culturally mainstream events such as the new orleans jazz & heritage festival .
his upkeep bouncing bomb was used in the may 1943 british operation chastise to bounce into dams and explode underwater with similar effect to the underground detonation of the earth quake bomb , " e.g. " , grand slam bomb and tallboy bomb ) , which he also invented .
without bounce , such a shot even if executed correctly will generally cause the club to dig into the ground after it contacts the ball which , with such a high - lofted club , prevents the player from following through on their swing and can cause injury .
" all balls do n't bounce " is the debut solo album by los angeles rapper aceyalone .
in this series , he has the ability to make any force applied to his tummy bounce back to repel enemies and has his fighting style of a turtle .
since bowling in cricket has greater number of variations ( such as bounce , swing , seam movement , off - spin , leg - spin and so on ) , the condition of the ball also affects play to a great degree .
before becoming a singularity , as one would expect from hawking 's black hole theory , the universe would bounce just before it became a singularity .
the second bounce of the ball .
the warriors would bounce back to take game 5 , but the suns would win games 6 & 7 to stun the defending champions .
the male and female would sit at opposite ends of the board and bounce up and down .
in this technique , radio wave signals are aimed at the moon by one location , bounce off the moon 's surface , and are detected by an antenna at a different location on earth .
unlike before the war , north end found it extremely difficult to bounce back to the top flight .
they eventually create fire pits and wheels to burn and flatten , respectively , the character and springs to bounce themselves all over the screen .
deliveries that bounce much lower than normal are less common and are usually the result of the ball striking a broken - up patch of ground .
in tennis , grass is grown on very hard - packed soil , and bounce may vary depending on the grass 's health , how recently it has been mowed , and the wear and tear of recent play .
gould 's failure to gather rutherford 's kick and a kindly bounce gave a try to renwick near the posts which irvine converted to give scotland their 24 - 15 win .
earnings : securitisation makes it possible to record an earnings bounce without any real addition to the firm .
the clay pitch was now offering indifferent bounce and after making a good start to their second innings lancashire themselves collapsed from 100/1 to 194 all out .
initially , on the back of the album , track 14 is listed was the " bounce with me ( rhythm mix ) " but this was an error and the track is actually the " do n't call me baby ( rhythm mix ) " .
in addition to these differences in shape of letters , italic lowercases usually lack serifs at the bottoms of strokes , since a pen would bounce up to continue the action of writing .
the purpose of introducing bounce into club head design is to control how easily wedges , with their steep angles of attack , penetrate the ground under the ball .
in 2003 , she made a return to the stage as mama mizner in the stephen sondheim musical " bounce " .
also , traditional drumming is more than just triggering sounds ; a drummer playing a physical kit gets important feedback in the way his or her sticks bounce and react from the drums and cymbals .
because of drag , each bounce would be shallower than the preceding one , but it was still calculated that the silbervogel would be able to cross the atlantic , deliver a 4,000 kg ( 8,800 lb ) bomb to the continental us , and then continue its flight to a landing site somewhere in the japanese held pacific , a total journey of 19,000 to 24,000 km ( 12,000 - 15,000 miles ) .
1 . " new - zealand " : blyth tait ( ready teddy ) , mark todd ( broadcast news ) , vaughan jefferis ( bounce ) , sally clark ( squirrel hill ) 137.65
she was also successful in europe with the song " bounce " ( duet with the turkish pop star tarkan ) .
bullets began to bounce off of him , much like superman .
excuse me miss / the bounce – united states 12 " vinyl
robert voisey 's work , " bounce " won best electroacoustic composition in on the kalvos & damian new music bazaar
on each bounce , the system is trying to return to its equilibrium position , but overshoots it .
you laugh in the face of danger , and it laughs back , as you bounce from boulder to boulder , on fire , towards that pile of mousetraps .
this makes way for the bounce tower coaster , the park 's third white - knuckle attraction .
under this rule , attacking teams kicking the ball into touch ' on the bounce ' from inside the 40 metres closest to their goal line , with the ball crossing the sideline inside the opposing team 's 20 metre area , receives a scrum feed .
though manu ginobili could have made the basket with five seconds remaining , he committed an error allowing the ball to bounce away from him with one second remaining .
there is a consistent , vicious double bounce , also referred to as tremoulo .
throughout the marathon and in the obstacles the groom can speak to the driver and assist using his or her weight and balance to keep the carriage upright or to bounce it off the obstacle uprights .
in digital systems , multiple samples of the contact state can be taken or a time delay can be implemented so that the contact bounce has settled before the contact input is used to control anything .
if the batter hits a line drive , the outfielder is solely responsible for deciding to try to catch it or play it on the bounce and for succeeding or failing .
the unexpected bounce also help the tweakers .
early full suspension frames were heavy and tended to bounce up and down while a rider pedaled .
rejecting a message will usually cause the " sending " mta to generate a bounce message or non - delivery notification ( ndn ) to a local , authenticated user .
" bounce " was heavily influenced by the september 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks , owing in part to jon bon jovi 's proximity to new york .
certain tendons in kangaroo hind legs are very elastic , allowing kangaroos to effectively bounce along conserving energy from hop to hop , making hopping a very energy efficient way to move around in their nutrient poor environment .
