he then scored a brace to help newcastle win 3–0 against swansea city on 28 november 2009 and keep the magpies top of the table .
both use stiffened tails to brace themselves when feeding .
connolly captured another brace of county and provincial titles in 1973 , however , rathnure got the better of castlegar in the all - ireland semi - final .
this helped to brace the foundations of the nearby buildings during the subsequent construction of the station vault and pylons .
she is a pink keronian tadpole with a brace and bell holding two locks of her hair and wears a pink robe with a red o symbol .
shailene suffers from scoliosis and had to wear a back brace for 18 months to straighten out her spine .
cudicini was carried off the field wearing a neck brace .
both churches , now independent , had new curates appointed by the crown : sir john brace to st. catherine 's ( which was shortly taken over by peter ledwich ) and sir john butler to st. james .
acknowledgment of the fact that , for better or worse , video games are likely to remain a part of modern society has led to a brace of comparative studies between violent games and non - violent games .
the first english editions were published in 1975 by harcourt brace jovanovich ( usa ) as maigret and the man on the bench and by hamish hamilton ( uk ) as maigret and the man on the boulevard .
types of brace position .
in 1993 , general cinema corporation renamed itself harcourt general and restored the publishing division ’s name to the historic harcourt brace & company .
new york : harcourt brace and world- harvest paperback 1967 .
starting 1 january 1989 the front spar was changed to a rectangular spar and an outboard drag brace was added , increasing wing rigidity .
overall sturdiness of the design depends on whether the dog is gently leading , acting as a brace , or physically pulling a wheelchair ( where the design may be similar to that of a sled dog 's ) .
several books were written about the first successful water landing of a commercial aircraft , including a book titled " brace for impact " written by crash survivors that was released on the first anniversary of the crash .
in 1991 , general cinema corporation , a diversified company that operated retailers such as neiman marcus and bergdorf goodman , as well as a national chain of movie theaters , acquired harcourt brace jovanovich for more than $ 1.5 billion .
" the jolly mon " is a children 's book written by jimmy buffett and savannah jane buffett published by harcourt brace jovanovich .
sigue la palabra harcourt brace .
he made a goalscoring return to action , scoring a brace on his return against manchester city .
the band 's guitar technician adam carr stood in for him before picchio returned wearing a full upper - torso body brace ..
brace and cumber 's party journey to a land of glaciers where they find the skeleton of aether , the troll after whom the canyon of aether 's cross was named .
dan mcbride , an army pensioner , was given the job of permanent garrison and was armed with one musket , a bayonet , a brace of pistols and a thirteen - feet - long pike .
the brace fights against the body 's curve by over - correcting .
at his delayed debut at norisring , kubica , driving with a plastic brace and 18 titanium bolts in his arm , won the race .
fort worth : hardcourt brace college .
the property was at that point in time the property of bertel johannes bertelsen ( a brother - in - law to the late original squatter ned or edward brace hawkins , best known as the man who took up and named beaudesert station south of brisbane ) .
gotheridge and watkins were again on the scoresheet , watkins getting a brace in a 3–1 win .
the balsa brace has a honeycomb pattern and allows the ( now much thinner ) sound board to support more vibrational modes .
it was first published by harcourt brace jovanovich .
on the 33rd match day , he scored his first career brace against his former club rennes .
‎between 1955 and 1969 , working with renowned children 's book editor margaret mcelderry at harcourt brace , flora wrote and illustrated 11 books for young readers , including " the fabulous firework family " ( 1955 ) , " the day the cow sneezed " ( 1957 ) , " charlie yup and his snip - snap boys " ( 1959 ) and " leopold , the see - through crumbpicker " ( 1961 ) .
the coach was wearing a neck brace at the time due to recent surgery .
on 17 february 2010 , sheridan scored a 2 goal brace in st. johnstone 's 5 - 1 win against hibernian .
at table , he kept a brace of duelling pistols handy , one for tapping the barrel of claret , the other for dealing with any of his guests who failed to drink enough to send him reeling from the table .
canoville nevertheless made an invaluable contribution to the cause with an equaliser against fulham and a brace in a 4 - 2 win over carlisle united .
the subsequent accident investigation established the failure of the forward tube of the " v brace " structure in the outer panel of the port wing due to fatigue as the probable cause .
there may be a bridge or brace that connects the stays above the rear wheel and below the connection with the seat tube .
he then scored his first european goals for the bhoys five days later , a brace in a 3 - 3 draw against rapid vienna in the europa league .
brace notation in c.
following the stoppage , muñoz remained down on the mat for several minutes , eventually leaving the cage wearing a neck brace .
javascript brace notation works the same as in php and c#.
uprated engine mounts and suspension bushes are all included , as is a front strut brace .
gold were the gauchos ' whipping boys in 06 , with the san diego team winning 2 - 0 and 6 - 0 in their other encounters , the latter of which featured a dustin guerrero hat trick and a brace from dagoberto nogales - gallegos .
ronaldo scored another brace in a 4–0 win over aston villa on 29 march , which at the time gave him 35 goals in 37 domestic and european matches as both a starter and substitute .
in 2003 , d - men was joined by the artists brace , yes - r & soesi b , negativ and dj mba .
many people of this village making brace and white mettle ring .
in the 1980s , book publisher harcourt , brace , jovanovich purchased the park along with seaworld , circus world ( later rebuilt as boardwalk & baseball ) and stars hall of fame , but sold most of the businesses to anheuser - busch in 1989 .
lennon ( 1916–1986 ) was an executive and head of the testing division of harcourt brace jovanovich as well as a chairman of one of its subsidiaries , the psychological corporation .
" a skeleton key to finnegans wake " was originally published by harcourt brace in 1944 .
he returned to the eagles with the aid of a special brace and played in the pro football hall of fame game against the oakland raiders on august 6 , 2006 .
television pictures showed the crowd surging back , with some of them attacking the vehicle with a wheel - brace and a stepladder snatched from a photographer .
her mother , cello player mary eleanor ( brace ) , received a master 's degree from juilliard .
the sport brace .
brace has emphasized the need to integrate the ideas of darwinian evolution into palaeoanthropology .
instead , the opossum uses its tail as a brace and a fifth limb when climbing .
umeå cruised to a 11 - 1 aggregate win over norwegian side kolbotn fk in the semifinal of the uefa women 's cup , with marta scoring a brace in both games .
lionel scored three more goals for united in the 2008 - 09 season including a brace and two assists against oldham athletic in a 5 - 0 hammering .
brace rolls tend to require a rapid hip snap while sweep rolls tend to require slower hip rotation .
after a hiatus , chernoff returned to form at the turn of the millennium with a brace of solo albums that effectively put the ' heart ' back into the ' lamb ' , complete with the organic warmth of real instruments .
after not scoring in his first six starts and two substitute appearances his first goal spurred him on to score a total of seven league goals in 16 starts and three substitute appearances in his first season at the club , including a brace in a 5–0 victory over southampton on 10 november .
published by harcourt brace , the thriller was his fourth novel , following three for random house ( " the hospital " , " dagger of the mind " , " clark gifford 's body " ) and five collections of his poetry .
maxine is seen singing in front of a three - way mirror in a blue dress while terry sings while wearing a face brace as a doctor attends to her .
after leaving the senate in 1971 , mccarthy became a senior editor at harcourt brace jovanovich publishing and a syndicated newspaper columnist .
unlike forward running , it is also much more difficult to brace a backward fall or drop into a roll if one trips .
what is left of the rock is located west of highway 130 across from brace park . "
brace ’s vision of migrating children to live with the western christian farming families was widely supported by wealthy new york families – the first $ 50 was given by mrs. john astor in 1853 .
there shels met french side lille and were beaten 4 - 2 on aggregate , having come back from a two goal deficit in lansdowne road to achieve a credible draw thanks to a brace from substitute glen fitzpatrick .
somewhat surprisingly , the outlaws finished the season strongly , notching wins over orange county blue star and fresno fuego , before pummelling bottom - of - the - table bakersfield brigade 6 - 0 on the final day of the season , with joseph hickman scoring a brace .
in 1989 , anheuser - busch purchased the theme park unit of publisher harcourt brace jovanovich , which included the seaworld family of parks .
with the departure of mark jones at the end of the 2007 season deryn brace took over as player / manager and town hosted their first european tie ( uefa cup ) at richmond park on the 19th of july .
he scored another brace on 17 november 2008 in kaiserslautern 's 6–0 win over hansa rostock and finished the first half of the 2008–09 season with 8 goals in 17 appearances .
it was originally published in the united states by harcourt brace jovanovich .
undeterred he ascended the pulpit , holding a brace of pistols , his family and servants attending him armed , and read the service with closed doors .
luke morley returned to the scene the following year with the solo album " el gringo retro " and played a brace of live shows at the borderline in london , backed by virtually all of his former bandmates ( danny bowes being the exception ) .
jeff , at one point during the tour , was in a leg brace having dislocated his knee the night before at a club gig in birmingham , alabama , but was still insistent on playing .
the 27 league places separating the two teams was evident as manchester united secured their eleventh fa cup victory with a headed goal from cristiano ronaldo and a brace from ruud van nistelrooy , including a penalty .
the scottish cup was won thanks to a 4 - 1 win over clyde with goals from billy williamson , jimmy duncanson and a brace from george young .
quirk would be unable to use his hands to brace the fall and the entire impact of hi - lite kid 's fall was caught by quirk 's head , with blood visible on the floor , and the match was stopped .
because maximum tension and compression forces in a brb are much closer than in a standard brace , there is much less imbalance of force in the chevron configuration .
they paid a man named matthews to get them a brace of pistols .
after attending schools in the butler area school district , where he gained the nickname " rooster " , allegedly because he " always had a few errant hairs on the back of his head that refused to stay down " ( because of an orthodontic head brace ) , and he was " dogged and determined like a rooster and never backed down " .
his highlight of the season came on the final matchday in a 4 - 2 away victory over borussia mönchengladbach , where he netted his only brace in the bundesliga .
prior to that he supervised project staffs or departmental staffs at harcourt brace and holt , rinehart and winston .
the most commonly used brace is a tlso , a corset - like appliance that fits from armpits to hips and is custom - made from fiberglass or plastic .
sherwood remained an important member of the pompey squad for the first half of the 04 premiership season , scoring a brace against northampton in the league cup , before breaking his leg against tottenham on 26 december 2003 .
it is a symmetrical brace .
brace ( singer ) .
the firm also makes the cti ( formerly sold as the cti2 ) , a ligament brace for knees used for both rehabilitation and for injury prevention , as well as cervical collars .
she recovered , but wore a brace on her left leg and foot which had become twisted as a result .
carroll recorded his first brace in 4 - 2 defeat away at west bromwich albion in the fa cup on 23 january 2010 .
true muslims should maintain a " sense of supremacy " and " superiority , " ( p.141 ) on the road of renewal , but it is important that they also prepare themselves for a " life until death in poverty , difficulty , frustration , torment and sacrifice " ( p.157 ) , and even to brace themselves for possibility of death by torture at the hands of jahiliyyah 's sadistic , " arrogant , mischievous , criminal and degraded people . "
in june 1996 , she finally released her first album , " love brace " , a collection of songs about love and stated by tetsuya komuro to be his best work to date .
track 6 ( " poo yourself jason " ) is named both in response to a song called " pee yourself aaron " written by bong - ra and a song called " brace yourself jason " by mu - ziq .
jason also comes with his usual blast cannon that is equipped onto his left arm brace .
during this season larsson also made the scoresheet for the first time in an old firm match chalking up a brace in a 5 - 1 victory in november and scoring the equaliser in the 2 - 2 ne'erday match at ibrox stadium .
if a closing brace is left out , for instance , the compiler will not know that the end of a block of code has been reached .
" brace posts " are placed in - line about from the corner post .
the book was first published in large format by harcourt brace jovanovich with each tale illustrated .
two years earlier , in 1969 , he translated a brace of essays , " the existence and discovery of beauty " , which the first japanese nobel prize recipient kawabata yasunari gave in the form of public lectures as a visiting professor at the university of hawai‘i in may 1969 .
steve learns that he has scoliosis and must wear a back - brace for six weeks .
in late in 1946 , the partly approved text of " the seven storey mountain " was sent to naomi burton , his agent at curtis brown literary agency , who then forwarded it the noted book editor , robert giroux at harcourt brace publishers .
he got on the score sheet for inter in the pirelli cup game against rivals a.c. milan when he scored a brace .
however , ljungberg was able to participate in the euro and played the games with a special brace to protect his healing ribs .
he played 43 league games , scoring 6 goals , including a memorable brace in rangers ' 4 - 2 victory at watford .
he responded with a brace , whilst at the back greenwood reflected " this was bobby moore 's greatest game .
barnes 's reputation as a writer was made when " nightwood " was published in england in 1936 in an expensive edition by faber and faber , and in america in 1937 by harcourt , brace and company , with an added introduction by t. s. eliot .
he stayed in the side for the next three games , scoring his first goal in a friendly win over the republic of ireland and contributing to a brace of drawn qualifiers versus romania and finland .
manning , who had worn a knee brace due to problems since he was in college , sat out all four preseason games and missed most of training camp .
but , after 3 months in the hospital and wearing a neck brace , he made one of boxing 's most incredible comebacks ever , returning to the ring against his doctors ' recommendations and beating future wbc world jr. middleweight champion luis santana by a 10-round decision .
these injuries required him to wear a head brace and took six months to heal .
he scored his first goal for aberdeen in a 2–2 draw with hibernian on 10 february 2010 and scored a brace in his next match , a 4–4 draw with celtic at pittodrie on 13 february 2010 , bringing his tally to 3 in 3 league games for the dons .
in 1970 , harcourt brace jovanovich acquired the psychological corporation and , in 1976 , merged its educational testing department , acquired from world book company in 1960 , into the psychological corporation .
this setback for yamaha and the yzr - m1 was largely responsible for valentino rossi 's mediocre season start in 2006 , manifest by poor qualifying performances and a brace of bad luck , he also suffered a wrist injury mid season , which added to his woes .
a brace from steve perrin and one from dylan evans secured a 3 - 1 win and history was made , for it was the clubs first ever victory over a football league team .
the overhang and angle brace are elaborately jig - sawn .
poles can be held in place by using threading to brace them against a ceiling joist .
this is because in the original c language , argument types needed to be declared on the subsequent line , whereas when no arguments were necessary , the opening brace would not appear in the same line with the function declaration .
brace notation in c#.
similar craniofacial measurements among samples from these regions were reported as well ( brace et al . , 1993 ) ...
on 28 october 2009 , herbert scored her first international brace in a 2011 fifa women 's world cup qualification match against estonia .
the use of an inflatable brace ( airheel ) was shown to be as effective as eccentric loading in the treatment of chronic achilles tendinopathy .
boyd ended the season strongly and scored a brace in the first leg of the play - off semi final match against tranmere rovers .
peter made his rovers debut in a 20 - 12 away loss to leeds rhinos although he opened his hull kr account with a brace of tries in a thrilling 20 - 24 victory in france against catalan dragons .
the surgery was performed at the usaf wilford hall hospital at lackland air force base , texas and he spent three months in a neck brace .
on 17 august 1994 , he netted a brace for croatia in a friendly match against israel in tel aviv to score his first international goals .
placing the gear release fully counter - clockwise then allows turning the brace and bit in a counter - clockwise direction , usually to remove the drill bit from the hole .
some rafts feature a circular metal bar in the middle of the raft ; this gives passengers a place to grip or brace their feet .
the siblings appeared as two geeks in " sixteen candles " : john as one of farmer ted 's posse , and joan as the geek with the neck brace .
in the very early hours of 25 december , digitaki and a number of other activists were summoned to suva 's queen elizabeth barracks at nabua ; she appeared the next day wearing a neck brace and claimed to have been physically assaulted by soldiers ..
the suspension was upgraded with new springs and shock absorbers and a brace was added to the bottom of the car to improve rigidity .
another brace of county championship victories followed for fennelly in 1982 and 1983 .
similar in basic design principles to java , unrealscript has object - oriented features and is recognizable as a member of the curly brace family .
european carriers usually prefer to give detailed instructions about brace position , emergency exits and jackets before taking off .
above the sound hole a large transverse brace spans the width of the upper bout of the soundboard .
among his best known recent works are i am you : the metaphysical foundations for global ethics ( springer , 2004 ) , principles of cognitive science ( routledge 2006 ) , wittgenstein 's tractatus ( mcgraw hill 1998 ) , wisdom without answers ( wadsworth 1998 ) , from the presocratics to the present ( mcgraw hill 1998 ) , in search of god : the language and logic of belief ( mcgraw hill 1994 ) , the experience of philosophy ( oxford university press , 2005 ) , self , cosmos , god ( harcourt brace jovanovich 1993 ) , self and identity ( macmillan ) , and the novel in search of myself : life , death and personal identity ( wadsworth 1999 ) .
slight scoliosis was found , but was correctable by a minor operation ; her mother was unwilling for her to have to wear a spinal brace through all childhood .
burgos then passed out on the stool in his corner ; he was taken on a stretcher with a neck brace to la county harbor - ucla medical center , where doctors removed a blood clot from his brain and induced a coma .
the brace procedure for the forward facing seat in the united states is similar to that of the uk , but rather than placing the hands on the back of the head , passengers are advised to place them on the top of the seat in front , one hand holding the other wrist and resting the head in the space between the arms .
the expanded novel was first published in 1966 by harcourt brace with the bantam paperback following in 1968 .
the civilian accidentally pulled the yellow and black ejection lever while trying to brace himself .
in sports , a brace is a feat of succeeding at anything two times , generally in two consecutive attempts .
spoon bits are the traditional boring tools used with a brace .
because of this malformation , goebbels needed to wear a leg brace .
the dogs may also be trained in physical tasks , such as retrieving objects , guiding the handler from stressful situations , or acting as a brace if the handler becomes dizzy .
in 1985 , fisher co - authored with harris coulter the first major critique of the mass vaccination system , ' ( harcourt brace jovanovich ) , which presented a view of an association between whole cell pertussis ( whooping cough ) vaccine in the dpt shot and brain and immune system damage , including autism .
mcginn continued his fine start to the season with a brace against kilmarnock at rugby park , where the buddies came from behind to win 2–1 .
brace matching .
the three car parks are located at harlescott ( to the north , colour - coded orange ) , oxon ( to the west , colour - coded brown ) and meole brace ( to the south , colour - coded green ) .
brace started his first nfl game on december 20 , 2009 against the buffalo bills in place of an injured vince wilfork and pryor at nose tackle .
another solution would be to prop up or cable - brace the low hanging branch .
noah is plagued with a disease which forces him to always wear a brace around his neck and spine .
the french hussar of the napoleonic period was armed with a brass hilted sabre and sometimes with a brace of pistols although these were often unavailable .
however , he suffered a season - ending knee injury after netting a brace in a 3 - 1 defeat of napoli on february 17 , and will be sidelined for six months , effectively ruling him out of the " azzurrini " squad for the 2008 olympics .
in an interview on " jake " the snake " roberts : pick your poison " , a video released by world wrestling entertainment , roberts stated that his father convinced the family that his injuries in the ring were real and wore a neck brace at home to sell a storyline .
it uses its " finger missiles " and " knee brace beams " to attack enemies , and then finish them with its " volcanic buster " attack ( the younger browgul could withstand this attack , however ) .
the cheneau brace .
after six months , the reconstructed acl is generally at full strength ( ligament tissue has fully regrown ) , and the patient may return to activities involving cutting and twisting if a brace is worn .
brace completed his ph.d. in 1962 .
the brace position as set out to airlines in the uk for passengers in a forward facing seat is similar , but subtly different from that in the united states and other countries .
his first strong display came in a remarkable 3 - 0 victory over lazio at the stadio olimpico , in which he scored a brace .
upon his return to almería , ortiz helped the andalusians achieve promotion to the second division in 2002 , netting five goals in the following season , notably a brace against neighbours xerez cd , in a 6–0 home routing .
although initially he did brace himself to meet the challenge , he retreated later and on his own volition stopped all record production .
with the brace on , there still appeared to be a jerk in his action .
as a newport player , brace was chosen to face the touring new zealand in 1954 .
henderson was transported by ambulance to the hospital with his leg in a brace .
brace feared the impact of the parents ' poverty , in general , and their catholic religion , in particular , on the youth .
in some cases , the back brace may also help decrease the amount of curvature in the spine .
his career was revived in 1933 by his illustrations for louis untermeyer 's " the last pirate " , and he went on to illustrate about twenty additional books before retired by failing eyesight about 1941 . " reginald birch — his book " , a retrospective collection of works he had illustrated by various authors , was published in 1939 by harcourt , brace and company .
the gt - h also includes the ford racing handling pack with lowering springs , improved dampers , sway bars , a strut tower brace and a 3.55:1 ratio rear axle assembly .
it is published by harcourt brace & company .
a half height ( 1 5/8 inch wide , 13/16 inch tall ) cross section version is also available , used mostly where mounted directly to a wall as it has significantly less stiffness and ability to carry loads across an open space or brace .
i hope you will persevere in the fall of all adversities and brace yourself for the great tasks ahead .
as the story continues , tim secretly tapes martin and zoot with hidden cameras to start up his story and impress the staff at the tv station he worked for , just as martin and zoot face a severe problem with the ship , discovering a small system called the interstellar safety system preparing martin 's ship for self - destruct , sending him into depression , just as brace passionately comes to visit tim and , while he 's not looking , acquire the martian evidence while tim hides martin and deals with him .
in one infamous appearance , andy kaufman ( who was already wearing a neck brace ) appeared to be slapped and knocked to the ground by professional wrestler jerry lawler ( though lawler and kaufman 's friend bob zmuda later revealed that the event was staged . )
the brace can cut through virtually anything at kai 's discretion , and can alternatively clamp onto objects , either to drag them to kai or allow him to drag himself to a desired location .
he scored a brace on his home debut the following week , against , and scored seven in total in his debut season , helping the club reach fourth place .
the brace opens to the back , and usually runs from just above a chair 's seat ( when a person is seated ) to around shoulder - blade height .
he scored the first goals during his second spell at st johnstone when he bagged a brace against stenhousemuir in the league cup .
the spinecor brace .
the opening curly brace indicates the beginning of the definition of the codice_155 function .
igor gamow conducts research in bionics , on an orthopedic knee brace that stores energy within a spring from the hamstring and redirects it to the quadriceps .
here brace traced the history of research on the neanderthals in order to show how interpretations established early in the century by marcellin boule and notions such as arthur keith 's pre - sapiens theory had convinced many anthropologists that the neanderthals played little or no role in the evolution of modern humans .
brace matching is sometimes used to help keep track on what is going on in a complicated nesting arrangement .
in particular , it has been suggested that recruiting the transversus abdominus muscle provides a natural corset - like brace around the trunk , helping to protect against injury .
the similarly - titled book by james thurber , " my world — and welcome to it " , was published in 1942 by harcourt , brace and company .
a knee brace is usually effective for 2–3 weeks following the dislocation ( brukner & khan , 2006 ) .
brace was also influenced by the writings of edward livingstone , a pioneer in prison reform who believed that the best way to deal with crime and poverty was to prevent it .
on 10 october 2009 , he scored a brace in a five - minute span , again against the faroe islands , in france 's 5–0 thrashing of the faroes .
steve brace is currently the director of welsh athletics
wood stringers bolted to the iron beams run the length of the spans , and more iron rods cross - brace them .
a nerve may be compressed by prolonged or repeated external force , such as sitting with one 's arm over the back of a chair ( radial nerve ) , frequently resting one 's elbows on a table ( ulnar nerve ) , or an ill - fitting cast or brace on the leg ( peroneal nerve ) .
his important brace against mansfield town ensured his goal tally reached double figures in his first season at the club .
brace finished the 2007 season with 27 total tackles ( 14 solos ) , 7.5 tackles for loss , and 2.5 sacks he registered three tackles ( one solo ) and 0.5 tackles for loss in the acc championship game against virginia tech and two tackles in the 2007 champs sports bowl against michigan state .
it is important however to realize that this type of prevention is given by a ' surgeon to surgeon ' basis ; all surgeons will prescribe a brace and crutches for post surgery recovery total usage time is one month .
this is the only widely - used soft brace currently .
later , during kinison 's appearance on " late night with david letterman " , letterman 's introduction of kinison warned his audience : " brace yourselves .
if a hat - trick is not achieved , it is not called a brace .
he is the author of four works of narrative history , including " wit ’s end : days and nights of the algonquin round table " ( harcourt brace jovanovich , 1977 ) ; " evening in the palace of reason " , which explored the conflict between faith and reason through a fateful meeting between johann sebastian bach and frederick the great ( harpercollins , 2005 ) " ; and for liberty and glory : washington , lafayette , and their revolutions " ( w. w. norton , 2007 ) .
the season also saw an improvement in his goal tally as he scored a total of 11 goals , although he reached this mark on 16 february with a brace against gretna and suffered a goal drought in the remaining 14 games of the season .
wales won the match 8–3 , and brace faced england 's mike smith , of whom he had made an excellent half - back partnership at oxford university .
dj lynnwood , against all odds , fully recovered from his injuries ( including 3 breaks in the spine , 2 broken knees , 2 broken shoulders , broken ribs , hands and major head trauma ) and completed his tour while wearing a back brace .
after the surgery a hinged knee brace is sometimes placed on the patient .
changes from the standard civic included stiffer , progressive - rate springs , stiffer front and rear anti - roll bars , and a tower brace , which contributed to a flatter - cornering ride .
brace yourself for the mediocre .
benni mccarthy scored a brace and porto were boosted by the sending off of manchester united 's captain roy keane .
brace notation in matlab .
if you were to half halt against the thrusting leg , the horse would brace against you and either go against , above or behind he bit .
he transferred to bursaspor in 2009 . on 22 february 2010 , he scored a brace in the final 6 minutes of a match against fenerbahce s.k. away , giving bursa a famous 2 - 3 victory .
it describes one of the short ropes or iron cramps used to brace in the shrouds toward the masts so as to give a freer sweep to the yards .
the operator generally holds two handles while a third " brace " rests on the shoulder .
as a brace , the dogs hunt for the tunnel entrance from a distance of 100 to .
all in all , arouna 's international comeback was a complete success , and his impressive brace helped maintain the elephants 100% record in the african cup of nations qualifiers .
he also wore a neck brace due to the injury .
clearly , this imposter did not know that hikari had given his knight brace to mebius before leaving earth !
- in an episode of " alfred hitchcock presents " entitled " the manacled " ( 1957 ) , a prisoner in transit is hobbled with an ankle - brace referred to as an " oregon boot " .
" the dentist 2 " ( also known as " the dentist 2 : brace yourself " ) is a 1998 american horror film , and sequel to the 1996 film " the dentist " .
there are two english translations of " coup de lune " : the first is by stuart gilbert for harcourt brace jovanovich as part of an anthology of simenon 's works entitled " african trio " ( 1979 ) , the second is by marc romano for the new york review books classics series .
the brace is attached to a line that can travel enormous distances ( though never explicitly given a limit , it can at least reach dozens of stories ) , and can change direction mid - flight .
he saw a specialist in bradford and was told to wear a knee brace for 6 weeks .
he was a son of charles loring brace , jr. , a 1874 graduate of phillips academy in andover , massachusetts and a graduate of yale college class of 1876 with a degree in civil engineering .
trundle scored his first goals , a brace , for bristol city against scunthorpe on 25 august 2007 .
two field batteries fired directly upon a battalion of chinese infantry ; the marines were forced to brace themselves against their howitzers , as they had no time to dig them in .
self , cosmos , god ( w/ r. martin ) dallas : harcourt , brace , jovanovich 1993
the aims of this organisation were " to brace the spirit of the nation that the people of great britain , knowing that they are fighting for the best interests of humanity , may refuse any temptation , however insidious , to conclude a premature peace , and may accept with cheerfulness all the sacrifices necessary to bring the war to a satisfactory conclusion " .
as a result , the french , starting with the huguenot rebels , eventually replaced the heavy gendarme lance with a " brace " of pistols , and the armour of the gendarme rapidly lightened to give the horseman more mobility ( and to cut the extreme cost of fielding such troops ) .
although brace was 34 years old , howe thought he would also like to attempt to instruct her in the english language as he had bridgman .
in addition , lawrence was suffering physically as she was still getting over injuries she sustained from a car accident and was forced to remove a neck brace for filming purposes .
he scored a brace against spain , sending nigeria into the u-17 world cup final , which they eventually lost to switzerland . scoring a remarkable 5 goals in 221 minutes of play
according to andrew h. brace 's " pet owner 's guide to the boxer " , this theory is the least plausible explanation .
brace would play in all four matches of the 1956 five nations championship which wales won , losing only to ireland in the tournament .
he later received his phd in anthropology from the university of michigan in 1976 at the age of 26 under the advisorship of frank livingstome , milford wolpoff and c. loring brace .
davies also penned a short novella version of the tale , which was published by harcourt brace simultaneously with the film 's release .
brace shape and ' voicing ' or ' tap tuning ' .
charles loring brace ( june 19 , 1826 in litchfield , connecticut - august 11 , 1890 ) was a contributing philanthropist in the field of social reform .
to this day , brace is honored and revered for his compassionate work with the street children of new york city .
wind brace .
however , katayama impressed by running in 5th at the canadian gp until his engine blew , but was eventually left with a brace of 9th places as his best result .
according to brace , caldwell had told at least three witnesses that he expected to soon receive a large amount of money from someone " high up in political life " .
morison sealed his brace in injury time , to put a gloss on what was a tough encounter .
a further four soas fall into the bottom 30% nationally , these being located in the wards of monkmoor , sundorne , battlefield and heathgates , and meole brace .
in only his second bundesliga match , against bayer 04 leverkusen on 8 december 2001 , he netted a brace in nuremberg 's 4 - 2 defeat .
by the time world book merged with harcourt brace in 1960 , it had a portfolio of educational tests , including the stanford achievement test ( 1923 ) , the metropolitan achievement test ( 1932 ) and the otis mental ability test ( 1936 ) .
the brace is typically worn 22 hours a day , and often coupled with a physical therapy program .
meole brace is a suburb of shrewsbury , shropshire , england .
he managed to get his name on ths scoresheet too , scoring the solitary goal against maccabi haifa in champions ' league , as well as a brace in a 5 - 2 win over atalanta .
in shrewsbury for example , the priory and meole brace schools maintain a long - standing sporting rivalry whilst on a wider scale wrekin college and ellesmere college remain rivals , as do shrewsbury school and adams ' grammar school .
five of the stories had appeared previously in the anthologies ' ( ace books , 1986 ) , edited by will shetterly and emma bull , " the unicorn treasury " ( doubleday , 1988 ) , edited by bruce coville , " tales of the witch world 3 " ( tor books , 1990 ) , edited by andre norton , " a wizard ’s dozen " ( harcourt brace , 1993 ) , edited by michael stearns , and " black thorn , white rose " ( morrow avonova , 1994 ) , edited by ellen datlow and terri windling .
he also walks with a limp and has a large neck brace grafted to his body .
on march 15 , he added another brace against another neighbouring club , in a 2–2 home draw against former club sevilla .
the survivors of bataan " ( new york : harcourt brace inc. , 1981 ) , recalls snyder having asked his filipino guide why a particular group of children was holding the “ v ” for victory sign to the visiting american veterans .
company promotional material bragged the b-25h could " bring to bear 10 machine guns coming and four going , in addition to the 75 mm cannon , a brace of eight rockets and 3,000 lb ( 1,360 kg ) of bombs . "
sanogo 's notable goals during the season include a brace against uruguay in the tournoi du val - de - marne , a hat trick against australia in the tournio de montaigu , another double the following day against mali in the same tournament , and a goal against germany in a match that was played at the olympic stadium in berlin .
in 1853 , charles loring brace founded the " children 's aid society " , which worked hard to take in children living on the street .
the f - sport line , including performance and accessory upgrades such as big brake kits , shocks , lowering springs , sway bars , chassis brace , light weight wheels , air intake , exhaust , engine cover , floor mats , shift knobs and also clutch for manual drive , was later expanded to the full is lineup .
