the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
many species are brightly coloured .
" ella swings brightly with nelson " is a 1962 ( see 1962 in music ) studio album by the american jazz singer ella fitzgerald , with the nelson riddle orchestra .
the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
the broad - billed rollers have brightly coloured bills , whereas those of the " coracias " ( or true ) rollers are black .
she was the only u.s. navy ship named for the toucan , a brightly colored and easily tamed bird of the american tropics , characterized by its large but thin beak .
a toucan is a brightly marked tropical bird with a colorful bill .
hand - painted , brightly colored and designed 4 inch cubes , resembling childrens blocks , were places around houston as " easter eggs . "
he was also known to use brightly colored chains woven onto shirts to make intricate chainmail dresses and tops .
most species are brightly coloured .
at the climax of the song florence runs by all the dancers and as she does , they burst into ash in a flash of brightly coloured light .
it also made it mandatory for all girls to wear brightly coloured wellington boots as part of the students school uniform
the production of energy at the core is the reason why stars shine so brightly : every time two or more atomic nuclei of one element fuse together to form an atomic nucleus of a new heavier element , gamma ray photons are released from the nuclear fusion reaction .
less formal counterpoint is employed in numbers such as ‘ brightly dawns our wedding day’ ( " the mikado " ) and ‘ when the buds are blossoming’ ( " ruddigore " ) .
the race features brightly - coloured giant pumpkins as the sole means of flotation .
the broadbills are small , brightly coloured birds that feed on fruit and also take insects in flycatcher fashion , snapping their broad bills .
the cornice of the temple supported a brightly coloured stucco frieze .
while susanne talks brightly but nervously in an uninterrupted stream , alex looks depressed and is almost silent .
especially favored for this purpose are all - brass lamps or lamps made with no ferromagnetic metals , as these lamps do not deflect the needles of a magnetic compass , which is typically read while brightly illuminated from above using the caver 's lamp .
this method is currently very popular for painting high contrast , intricate subjects , in particular colorful blossoms in crystal vases brightly illuminated by direct sunlight .
the bōsō peninsula and mount fuji , the highest mountain in japan , can also be seen on a clear day , and at night the wheel is brightly lit by 120,000 neon tubes programmed to display multiple patterns in over 100 colours .
they are predominantly greyish with white and black , although some minivet species are brightly coloured .
as soon as they did get in , however , they found a roomy , gorgeous interior fitted up with every attention to comfort and decorated brightly in gold , blue , and white .
most species are brightly coloured .
many , but not all , are brightly coloured .
several species of " panaque " have become popular aquarium fish , in particular the brightly coloured " panaque nigrolineatus " .
the more brightly the test sample glows , the greater amount of hiv present in the sample , and this test is used to directly measure the amount of virus in a given sample .
many are brightly coloured and diurnal .
usually , tiny threads are used to create brightly coloured pictures on cloth .
most species are brightly coloured .
their first season of league football began brightly enough , but in april 1889 , the combination hit financial difficulties and was wound up before the season could be completed .
the style has also been associated with architectural indulgence , and situated in the context of the golden age of modern design due to its use of features such as " single - support beams , acute angles , brightly colored paneling " as well as " shapes and cutouts showing motion "
the old lakebeds are almost all paved except for some canals preserved in xochimilco , mostly for the benefit of visitors who tour them on brightly - painted " trajineras " , boats similar to gondolas .
the instrument glows more brightly , and leaves trails of light when moved through the air .
lisu women are remarked for their brightly colored dress .
later that night , as angelus ' hypnotic voice imparts the epilogue of his " passion " drama , giles comes home to a very normal - seeming , brightly lit apartment building .
brightly yellow - speckled in vertebral cross - lines , they also exhibit a lateral row of large , dark brown spots which , as they mature , are gradually fragmented by encroaching yellow flecks .
most species are brightly coloured .
they are inflated and globose at the base , continuing as a long perianth tube , ending in a tongue - shaped , brightly colored lobe .
" on the roof of police headquarters , commissioner gordon laments the apparent loss of batman as the bat - signal shines brightly .
the clerk 's desks were located near large windows or in a brightly lit skylighted atrium so that natural light would n't needed supplementation .
the ioras are bulbul - like birds of open forest or thorn scrub , but whereas that group tends to be drab in coloration , ioras are sexually dimorphic , with the males being brightly plumaged in yellows and greens .
town did start the season brightly and only lost two of their first 13 league games .
the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
males tend to be more brightly coloured and are well known for being aggressive towards one another .
painted snipe are short - legged , long - billed birds similar in shape to the true snipes , but more brightly coloured .
the special areas on the board are typically brightly coloured with yellow , green , red , and blue .
" lichenomphalia " species can be grouped into brightly colored taxa , with vivid yellow and orange colors , versus the grey brown group , depending upon the microscopic pigmentation deposits .
frequently , the bill is brightly coloured .
on average , males are slightly more brightly colored than females .
patterns varied from regular geometric designs featuring brightly coloured reserves and simple gilding , through intricate neo - rococo designs of scrolls and acanthus leaves , to ornate encrusted decorative wares .
the procession takes place in two waves through the brightly decorated old town of botnang , culminating on the open area next to the modern sports hall with a huge bonfire .
most species are brightly coloured .
nine brightly colored quarter - inch - thick stainless steel silhouettes mark each milestone along the riverwalk , including a bird watcher , bluegrass musician , bikers , a man in a wheelchair and another strolling , a jogging father and daughter and a family group .
the oil drilling equipment itself is masked by brightly - colored walls in an attempt to improve their appearance from shore .
many species are brightly coloured .
he reported seeing 9 brightly - reflecting vehicles , one shaped like a crescent but the others more disc- or saucer - shaped , flying in an echelon formation , weaving like the tail of a kite , flipping and flashing in the sun , and traveling with a speed of at least 1,200 miles per hour ( 1,900 h ) .
the garden has always been at its best toward the end of april and beginning of may. there are also brightly colored azaleas , old boxwoods and numerous varieties of rare trees adorning the garden .
in " reflections on violence " sorel compares this view with the image of a lightbulb shining more brightly before it passes out .
even more , the tequipment- and exclusive - programs added further options and built to order almost any specific wishes of customers such as special consoles , fax - machines or even brightly colored interior upholstery .
the combination of a giant bill with brightly - colored plumage ( yellow for " r. flaviceps " , orange for " r. palmeri " ) gave the males a very striking appearance .
they were joined by three male backing singers in brightly - coloured afro wigs .
the turacos and plantain eaters are brightly coloured birds , usually blue , green or purple .
the formentean subspecies tends to be more brightly coloured than its ibizan and mainland conspecifics .
one day international matches are usually played in brightly coloured clothing often in a " day - night " format where the first innings of the day occurs in the afternoon and the second occurs under stadium lights .
many somali women cover their heads and bodies with a brightly - coloured hijab when they are in public .
they get their name from the brightly coloured fleshy eye decorations found in most species in this group .
he took the club to a 4th place finish in his first season , and they began the following campaign brightly too , with the club in the midst of the promotion push by christmas .
subscribers and non - subscribers ' homes are also easy to discern in the level itself , with subscribers living in brightly coloured houses , and non - subscribers living in dark houses .
many , but not all , are brightly coloured .
the old world species tend to have brown , streaked , plumage , although some new world species can be very brightly coloured .
red fox sparrow is the collective name for the most brightly colored taxa in the american sparrow genus " passerella " , the " passerella iliaca iliaca " group .
hal 's central core is depicted as a crawlspace full of brightly lit computer modules mounted in arrays from which they can be inserted or removed .
this brightly colored artwork is located in a square , meeting point of youth and elders .
another memorable piece was her performance of jim mcwilliams ' " sky kiss " in many locations including new york and sydney , australia , which involved her hanging suspended from helium - filled weather balloons or the brightly - colored inflatable sculptures of otto piene .
the mysterious lamp of the kanhiram tree that surrounds the tree is brightly lit up on every tuesday and friday after 10 pm .
seeing something brightly colored , he will often mistake it for candy .
the juveniles are brightly patterned above with rufous colouration and white mantle stripes .
apart from the battlefield , the most notable site in the surrounding area is the " clootie well " , in culloden woods , where brightly coloured rags are hung as offerings from people wishing to be cured of ailments .
many species are brightly coloured .
" in the same review , ayu 's winged backpack is cited as possibly being a " little overkill " in regards to the " moe " attributes of the series . " newtype usa " stated in an article on " kanon " that , " ayu beams brightly with joy as she munches on her favorite fish - shaped crepe , looking so adorable you almost wanna pinch her . "
they are brightly marked and have enormous , colourful bills which in some species may amount to half their body length .
the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
most species are brightly coloured .
his dressing style includes brightly colored turbans , wrap around glasses , and sequined jackets , not unlike that of the grand wizard .
the males are brightly plumaged , usually in greens and yellows .
these aircraft were brightly painted and decorated with individual psychedelic colors in stripes , checkers , or polka dots enabling easy recognition by their flock of bombers in order to form up from various airbases over england and fly strategic bombing missions over europe .
they may be brightly colored or solid white .
they also enlarge their rib cage as a defense device to expose brightly colored markings on their scales .
a lively but heavily derivative shot at pure abstraction is " nonobjective " ( 1925 ) , whose brightly colored geometric flats lie deceptively collagelike on one another , topped by a fragment of guitar .
the leaves immediately surrounding the inflorescence are very often brightly colored , and many species show banding or striping on most or all of their leaves .
many , but not all , are brightly coloured .
they are generally black or brown in colour , although there are few brightly coloured species .
depending on the species , it bears two to fifteen large flowers , each of which is 13–20 cm ( 5"–8 " ) across with six brightly colored tepals ( three outer sepals and three inner petals ) that may be similar in appearance or very different .
indeed , the following season began brightly with campbell forcing his way back into the team , but it was clear that clough still was not confident in the youngster , and he was sold to charlton athletic for £ 75,000 in october 1987 .
vera bradley designs , inc. is an american design company best known for its soft , brightly patterned bags .
the video depicts the band performing in a studio in front of a brightly lit display screen .
when wep was on , the mig-21bis 's r-25 engine produced a huge 5 meter long blowtorch exhaust - there were six or seven brightly glowing rhomboid " shock diamonds " visible inside the flames , caused by shock wave interference patterns , thus giving the emergency - power setting its " diamond regime " name .
dye chemist dr. ram sabnis has developed a lactone dye that sticks to the surfactants , enabling brightly coloured bubbles to be formed .
the broadbills are small , brightly coloured birds that feed on fruit and also take insects in flycatcher fashion , snapping their broad bills .
the woman dresses in a dark skirt and a brightly colored jacket .
females lack the brightly coloured throat and borders .
the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
additionally , if the first frame depicts a brightly - colored object against a solid background , and the second depicts the same object but in colors similar to the background , the audience will report that the object moved away from them .
brightly colored rocks continued to be deposited as the final period of the mesozoic , the cretaceous dawned .
in the ceremonies of timkat ( epiphany ) , priests will cary a model of the ark of the covenant , called a tabot , on their heads in procession to a body of water , which will then be blessed . brightly - colored embroidered and fringed
at maturity , the scales become berry - like , swollen , brightly coloured red to purple and fleshy , and are eaten by birds which then disperse the seeds in their droppings .
although originally made of concrete , today 's versions are more commonly brightly - coloured thermoplastic or rubber cones .
similarly , pilots at one time would also do the same , when flying at night over brightly lit cities , so that one eye could look out , and the other would be adjusted for the dim lighting of the cockpit to read unlit instruments and maps .
some weave willow into utilitarian basket forms handed down from antiquity or into brightly - colored trays used both in modern - day ceremonies and sold through the tourist art market .
they are often brightly coloured and are poisonous , containing toxins which are not destroyed by cooking and for which no antidote is known .
they are typically brightly coloured , in blaze orange or fluorescent yellow , so that the person will be easier to spot by rescuers .
the brightly coloured crown and ear tufts are prominently featured in breeding displays .
" mictyris " is a genus of brightly coloured crabs , placed in its own taxonomical family , the mictyridae .
the males of many species are brightly coloured , usually in red or yellow and black , some species show variation in colour only in the breeding season .
some species , such as the north american newts , also become more brightly coloured during this phase .
the flowerpeckers are very small , stout , often brightly coloured birds , with short tails , short thick curved bills and tubular tongues .
according to elizabeth h. hawkes , curator emeritus of the delaware art museum , the style consisted of " using flat , brightly colored figures boldly outlined and placed against a patterned background .
the artwork was a brightly - coloured image from the virgin tour in 1985 .
they get their name from the brightly coloured fleshy eye decorations found in most species in this group .
it is characterized by small yet neatly - kept and brightly painted single family homes .
his lifelong friend , disgruntled advertising agency account executive , mark brightly , who also gets inadvertently entangled with nina patiense .
the brightly painted yellow mouth may deter potential predators .
the variety of types of birds is vast as well , and include birds ranging from brightly colored parrots , toucans , and trogons to flamingos , ducks , vultures , hawks , eagles , owls , swans , and hummingbirds .
hapshash and the coloured coat designed usually brightly coloured images with a strong art nouveau influence from alfons mucha of swirling lines and curving shapes .
the triluminary glowed brightly , indicating that sinclair had valen 's dna so the council assumed that sinclair had valen 's soul and was the reincarnation of valen himself ( rather than the other way around ) .
like other manakins , the golden - headed manakin is a compact , brightly coloured forest bird , typically 3.7 in ( 9.4 cm ) long and weighing 0.44 oz ( 12.5 g ) .
graphics are more grainy and not as brightly colored , and character shadows are all oval .
the popular name for the desert comes from the colonial spanish who are said to have named it " el desierto pintado " due to its brightly colored landscape .
like other coraciiformes , they are brightly coloured .
later that night , while the crews were celebrating on their brightly lit ships , at 10:13 p.m. the italian torpedo boat " mas-95 " a few miles from pola , sent a tiny vessel towards the harbour .
the wrasses are a family , labridae , of marine fish , many of which are brightly colored .
it is known for its hand - made umbrellas and parasols which are brightly colored and often decorated with beautiful floral motifs .
the music video features nami wearing funky 80-style clothes and dancing in a brightly colored room with friends , it also cuts to shots of her wearing a large pink bow on her head and also one of her on a bicycle .
the burial chamber still contained two sarcophagi , one smashed and the other one well preserved , made of granite and brightly painted on the insides .
the males are sometimes brightly colored and wander around looking for females in their tubes .
frequently , the bill is brightly coloured .
today , the inscriptions and other ornamentation are brightly painted .
the western tragopan or western horned tragopan ( " tragopan melanocephalus " ) is a medium sized brightly plumaged pheasant found along the himalayas from hazara in northern pakistan in the west to uttarakhand within india to the east .
the dancers dress in brightly colored kurtas and full flowing skirts called lehengas .
huddersfield started brightly but a poor run of form in october and november ( in part caused by an injury to goalkeeper ted taylor ) saw them drop to as low as ninth .
they get their name from the brightly coloured fleshy eye decorations found in most species in this group .
the uk general public are most likely to be aware of the jesus army by its brightly - coloured minibuses and coaches and highly visible multi - coloured camouflage jacket often worn by jesus army evangelists on the street .
however , this may be a modern misconception as there is evidence that the idols were originally brightly painted .
medusa peppers are a type of sweet , ornamental chili pepper which grows upright , brightly colored fruit , which is long and thin , producing a " hair of snakes " look akin to that attributed to medusa in greek mythology .
they are predominantly greyish with white and black , although some species are brightly coloured .
the ioras are bulbul - like birds of open forest or thorn scrub , but whereas that group tends to be drab in coloration , ioras are sexually dimorphic , with the males being brightly plumaged in yellows and greens .
the brightly painted yellow mouth may be used to deter potential predators .
although many species migrate at night , they often collide with even brightly lit objects like lighthouses or oil platforms .
ambrose began his career brightly , making a fifty on debut against new zealand in the first test and keeping cleanly throughout the match .
although the flying distance is short , it can easily be raining in lukla while the sun is shining brightly in kathmandu , or vice versa .
the temple brightly defined psychological borders over which " enemies " , such as " traitors " to the temple , crossed at their own peril .
as a werewolf , when a full moon shines brightly , his abilities are heightened to the point where his speed exceeds even moka in her super - vampire state , he is also the first enemy that inner moka hasn't outright beaten in a fight , in fact that only reason he lost at all was simply because the moon was covered by clouds just as he was going to attack .
curcumin is brightly colored and may be used as a food coloring .
painted snipe are short - legged , long - billed birds similar in shape to the true snipes , but more brightly coloured .
in some countries , parents and/or children on walking buses are encouraged to wear brightly coloured vests .
like other toucans , the collared aracari is brightly marked and has a large bill .
they are described as " early- to main - season variety good for baking , boiling , steaming , mashing , brightly colored salads .
it is common to require that a brightly - colored cover sheet be affixed to the cover of each classified document , to prevent observation of a possibly classified title by someone unauthorized ( shoulder surfing ) and to remind users to lock up the document when it is unattended .
while the first two albums , produced under kirshner 's direction , constituted prime examples of the traditional american pop music industry , with its brill building composers and its skilled studio session players , the next three albums , while not shining as brightly in terms of polished commerciality , constituted high class , original examples of the individual monkees ' country - rock , folk - rock , psychedelic rock , soul / r&b , guitar rock , broadway , and english music hall sensibilities .
twoflower is disappointed , believing he should be dressed in brightly - coloured clothes and " more sort of ... jolly " .
they go out and agnès insists on buying marc a brightly patterned jacket ( " a clown 's jacket " as marc describes it ) .
they are predominantly greyish with white and black , although some species are brightly coloured .
typically they are made of white pottery or porcelain and accompanied by matching saucers , but some coffeehouses and china companies also produce brightly decorated varieties .
they are predominantly greyish with white and black , although some species are brightly coloured .
apparently dissatisfied with the car 's speed , he quickly ordered them to pull up at a brightly lit house where resident alvin koerner , aware of the ongoing events , quickly phoned authorities at one of the involved lodges to report a suspicious vehicle in front of his home .
in the " burned over district " of western new york , the spirit of revival burned brightly .
rca showed little interest , because they felt that any effect that used two polarizers would also have a large amount of light absorption and thus have to be brightly lit .
these are reminiscent of the bulbuls , but whereas that group tends to be drab in colouration , the ioras are more brightly coloured .
they are often brightly decorated .
especially brightly recommended itself fc metalist kharkiv which in the late 2000s consistently was placing right behind " dynamo " and " shakhtar " .
any spectator who has ever watched one dance down the street -- a brightly costumed member of the camarillo family astride a heavily ornamented silver saddle -- can attest to the predilection . "
this simple affection for place and people shines brightly as a feature common to his writings and his art .
many , but not all , are brightly coloured .
the flowerpeckers are very small , stout , often brightly coloured birds , with short tails , short thick curved bills and tubular tongues .
although this species is variable in appearance and easily hybridizes with other " castilleja " , it generally bears a brightly - colored inflorescence of shaggy pink - purple or lavender flowers .
the boat then enters a brightly light room in which the ducks have their baths in " dunkin ' ducks " .
night - time cricket can be seen at weekends when people play brightly - lit night matches on less traversed city streets , disused construction sites , parks and several grounds within the district .
frequently , the bill is brightly coloured .
they are brightly colored , with spots , stripes , and bands of yellow or brown covering their bodies .
the flowerpeckers are very small , stout , often brightly coloured birds , with short tails , short thick curved bills and tubular tongues .
while licorice comfits ( also known as torpedoes because of their shape ) are multi - coloured , almond comfits are usually white for weddings but may be brightly coloured for other occasions .
many species are brightly coloured .
in england 's 2nd innings , openers strauss and cook started brightly as they looked to score quick runs to increase their lead in the match .
context mostly tough - fleshy , white or becoming brightly colored .
covered wholly or partially in mud , they stare dully out at the camera through elaborate necklaces and garlands of brightly coloured , sensuous flowers .
many species are brightly coloured .
at 512 s. main st. is a brightly colored example of queen anne architecture .
they are brightly marked and have large , colorful bills .
they are attractive because they are brightly colored and often very sexually dimorphic ; like other cichlids they are not suited for beginners and for most companion tanks .
after his death , his longtime companion edward " ted " dragon arranged for the sale of the creeks , eventually selling it to ronald perelman complete with many of ossorio 's brightly colored found art sculptures placed in among the groves of exotic evergreens that ossorio had carefully planted in his final 20 years of life .
art needlework emphasized freehand stitching and delicate shading in silk thread , and was thought to encourage self - expression in the needleworker ; this contrasted sharply with the brightly coloured berlin wool work needlepoint and its " paint by numbers " aesthetic which had gripped much of home embroidery in the mid - nineteenth century .
the males are usually more brightly colored than females , specifically during the breeding season in order to attract a mate .
they are brightly marked and have enormous , colourful bills which in some species may amount to half their body length .
the broadbills are small , brightly coloured birds that feed on fruit and also take insects in flycatcher fashion , snapping their broad bills .
many constructivists worked on the design of posters for everything from film to political propaganda : the former best represented by the brightly coloured , geometric jazz - age posters of the stenberg brothers , and the latter by the agitational photomontage work of gustav klutsis and valentina kulagina .
paintings by mykola tseluiko stand brightly from his heritage .
the launch of the bravia brand was supported by an advertising campaign , with a commercial featuring 250,000 brightly - colored rubber balls ( real , not computer - generated ) bouncing down a san francisco street .
many species are brightly coloured .
while she swings from the rope æon is distracted by the men salvaging the object which is obscured from view by the cliff , but is glowing brightly .
the red star m31 rv in the andromeda galaxy , flared brightly during 1988 and may have been a luminous red nova .
brightly illuminated in the evening , it became a mecca for tourists and angelenos alike , often being referred to in the same category as other prominent landmarks of downtown los angeles , such as angels flight , olvera street , and pershing square .
scattered throughout the land of the lost , often embedded in the walls of caverns and some pillars , are a variety of colourful brightly - glowing crystals that the marshalls dubbed " light crystals " and which enik called " fourth - dimensional nodes . "
baram rice cakes look like japanese daifuku , their hollowed out centers filled with red bean paste but these brightly colored tidbits have a flavor all their own .
arriving at the palatial abode , she is at first treated like royalty , receiving sensuous foot massages and brightly - lit red lanterns , as well a visit from her husband , master chen ( ma jingwu ) , the master of the house .
in literally hundreds of films , these five actors have done a lot of the dirty work so that the stars can shine a little more brightly .
in 1985 , resnicoff began working with " esprit " , and in 1986 , two summer seasons of clothing , including brightly colored shirts and scarves , featured his designs -- with his signature on each item .
in the united states , corpses found in brightly lit areas are generally inhabited by " lucilia illustris " .
the lyrics were written by vocalist bono , describing two characters in a brightly - lit city in a futuristic version of european society .
during the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , men often wore elaborate and brightly - coloured waistcoats , until changing fashions in the nineteenth century narrowed this to a more restricted palette , and the development of lounge suits began the period of matching informal waistcoats .
many species are brightly coloured .
in season 2007–08 , morrison started the season brightly scoring twice in the first three games , taking himself to 99 goals in his palace career , however the 100th goal became an albatross round his neck , and manager peter taylor dropped him from the starting line up for several games .
the small chapel , with its brightly frescoed walls and gold leaf decorations gives the impression of a jewel box .
they also have brightly coloured unfeathered heads .
large hail within the rear flank downdraft often shows up brightly as a hook on weather radar images , producing the characteristic " hook echo " , which often indicates the presence of a tornado .
the brightly - coloured pile of the bumble bee is a form of aposematic signal .
the ash on the old bench and painted dunes lava flows is brightly oxidized because it fell on the lava flows when they were still hot .
in his first season at aek lagos started his career with aek brightly before suffering a serious injury .
he is so overjoyed , he spends the better part of the night working miracles such as lifting his table , lifting his bed , enlarging a candle - extinguisher to a brightly painted cone , making a kitten appear under it , and turning his bed into a cornucopia of fruits and fluffy bunnies .
butterflies have large , often brightly coloured wings , and conspicuous , fluttering flight .
the set was a brightly coloured and stylised park containing the eponymous roundabout ( a fairground carousel ) .
despite bringing in new blood and starting brightly , roberts was unable to save the club from the drop .
process paintings ” produced with masking tape grids and often brightly coloured , mostly from the 1960s .
his work may have gone unrecognised if he was n't pushed by another nurseryman called james baker to show the plants to the public , its understood the pair worked together for several years to perfect the russel hybrid , before they were displayed at the royal horticultural society 's june show in 1937 – where their brightly coloured , tightly packed spires won awards .
" bembix " is a large cosmopolitan genus of large , often brightly - colored predatory sand wasps , consisting of about 380 species .
its mismatched levels , long one - way ramps , sudden dropoffs , dramatic parapets , shadowy colonnades , cul - de - sacs , and brightly painted facades create an architectural experience in dramatic contrast to the conventional wisdom of mall management .
the fourth day started brightly for england , damien martyn hooking a short ball from flintoff straight into the hands of collingwood , in the third over of the day , having added only one to his overnight score of nine .
they get their name from the brightly coloured fleshy eye decorations found in most species in this group .
its main attraction is the fourteenth century church of santa caterina , and there is also a brightly painted housing development , designed in 1979 by giancarlo de carlo .
the turacos and plantain eaters are brightly coloured birds , usually blue , green or purple .
however crewman ernest gil said he believed the other ship big enough to be an ocean liner , and third officer groves said he believed it was a passenger ship because it appeared brightly illuminated , and that the deck lights appeared to go out around 23:40 .
the young leaves in spring are brightly coloured pink to red before turning green ; old leaves turn red or purple again before falling .
most of the grasslands and meadows , except in the harsh winters , are covered with brightly coloured flowers .
many young crotalines have brightly coloured tails that contrast dramatically with the rest of their bodies .
a short time later , wonka introduced candy - coated tart n tinys , identical candies with a brightly colored candy coating .
from its foundation until the mid 1980s , ospaaal produced brightly coloured propaganda posters promoting their cause , however , financial difficulty and ink shortages forced the organization to stop producing these posters .
the match started brightly for reims , leblond and templin scored to make it 2–0 inside ten minutes , but by half time madrid had levelled the scores , through goals from di stefano and rial .
they are typically common , fairly large , and brightly colored - making them one of the most recognizable genera among mycologists and mushroom collectors .
their lack of activity is possibly a defence against predation ; trogons on all continents have been reported to shift about on branches to always keep their less brightly coloured backs turned towards observers , whilst their heads , which like owls can turn through 180 degrees , keep a watch on the watcher .
the two brightly decorated 4 - 4 - 0 engines weighed some thirty tons each and were named the " rochester " and the " salamanca " .
the males of many of the species are brightly coloured , or decorated with plumes or wattles .
mines were painted brightly in red and yellow by the serbs in the hopes that children would pick them up out of curiosity .
the males of many of the species are brightly coloured , or decorated with plumes or wattles .
originally released in striking bondi blue and later a range of other brightly colored , translucent plastic casings , the imac shipped with a keyboard and mouse in matching tints .
gennaro and his friends celebrate on the brightly lit terrace , in front of which lies the giudecca canal .
plants pollinated by birds often have brightly colored diurnal flowers that are red , yellow , or orange , but no odor because birds have a poor sense of smell .
tt56 is one of best preserved theban nobility tombs from western thebes and its reliefs boast many vivid and brightly painted scenes depicting the deceased userhat and mutnefret receiving gifts and presents in the afterlife .
as a member of the nelson riddle orchestra he appeared on dean martin 's " this time i 'm swingin ' ! " , as well as many ella fitzgerald recordings , including her 1959 " get happy ! " album , the two 1962 albums " ella swings brightly with nelson " and " ella swings gently with nelson " , the " ella fitzgerald sings the george and ira gershwin songbook " ( also 1959 ) , as well as " ella fitzgerald sings the jerome kern songbook " ( 1963 ) and the " ella fitzgerald sings the johnny mercer songbook " ( 1964 ) .
one of borghese 's first collections included brightly colored lipsticks and nail colors to match the vivid colors of her fashion designer friend , emilio pucci 's knitwear .
e.g. in painting – that involve mixing brightly colored pigments with black or white to achieve lighter , darker , or less colorful colors .
the woman 's " stola " looked different than a toga , and was usually brightly colored .
they get their name from the brightly coloured fleshy eye decorations found in most species in this group .
most species in the genus are brightly colored .
examples of conservation without efficiency improvements would be heating a room less in winter , driving less , or working in a less brightly lit room .
his sculptures and brightly colored mosaics can be seen in public places around tel aviv .
