from its nearly constant brightness it was determined that the asteroid is roughly spherical and has a rotational period of ≥ 21.7 hr .
as the particles build up , the star fades in brightness and also gets redder .
their brightness typically varies by 0.01 to 0.1 magnitudes over the course of 0.5 to 160 days .
sony claims that the smooth finish provides a sharper screen display , the ar coating prevents external light from scattering when it hits the screen , and the high - efficiency lens sheet provides 1.5 times the brightness improvement over traditional lcd designs , while also extending battery life due to less usage of the lcd backlight .
( see also : sky brightness )
a high luminometer number ( brightness of flame index ) is required to minimize transfer of heat to the burner parts .
stochastic texture synthesis methods produce an image by randomly choosing colour values for each pixel , only influenced by basic parameters like minimum brightness , average colour or maximum contrast .
it has a period of 3.9696 days and varies.1 magnitudes in brightness , which is imperceptible by the human eye .
the gauge of wire used , current rating of the fuse ( if present ) and the power consumption of each string will determine how many strings can be safely daisy - chained this way , or whether the end string will have diminished voltage and brightness .
as defined by the us " federal glossary of telecommunication terms " ( fs-1037c ) , " brightness " should now be used only for non - quantitative references to physiological sensations and perceptions of light .
the bear came back and was so transfixed by the brightness of the holy fire that it sank into the undergrounds .
ambient light technology is a lighting system that actively adjusts both brightness and color based upon picture content .
lcds , as currently the most common flatscreen technology , have generally inferior color rendition ( despite having greater overall brightness ) due to the fluorescent lights commonly used as a backlight .
as the object moves away from the earth , its brightness will fall on a six - month cycle down to the 28th magnitude , severely limiting study of its composition .
most of the video is in widescreen format , though the within letterboxed black area are pulses of color based on the brightness at the edes of the shots .
today its brightness is 14 mag .
seeing his change of attitude the townsfolk guess that michael has been touched by the brightness , and decide to use him as bait in a trap .
video camera tubes typically had a certain maximum brightness tolerance .
the second thing to notice is that the scale is logarithmic : the relative brightness of two objects is determined by the difference of their magnitudes .
abstinance from the drug causes headaches , a swelling tongue , shaking limbs , aversion to brightness , and a chill as well as an overall ache and fatigue .
the brightness qualifies it as a dwarf planet candidate , and the spitzer space telescope estimates it to be about 681 km in diameter .
in 1907 stebbins and f.c. brown used the selenium cells to study the brightness of the moon .
the front of the camera has a plastic infrared filter which appears black , this reduces the brightness of non - ir light sources .
the thunderbolts , which became zeus 's main weapons , were forged by all three cyclopes , in that arges added brightness , brontes added thunder , and steropes added lightning .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation indus , sorted by decreasing brightness .
finally , nótt marries the god dellingr , and the couple have dagr , who takes after his " father 's people " in brightness and fairness .
the critic for " time " thought merman " consistently converts vulgarity into fun " but called her triumph " a minor one , what with a book that has at best a routine brightness , and a score that sometimes lacks lilt even where it seems reminiscent . "
these records establish light curves depicting the variation in brightness of a star over time .
the two stars are separated by 17.9 arcseconds on the sky and their combined apparent brightness is + 3.31 .
the handset comes with numerous " pre - shot " options include single , multi - shot , panorama , mosaic or frame shooting ; flash ; brightness adjustment ; timer ; auto - focus ; auto - shot ; fine , normal or economy photo quality ; white balance ; metering and iso ; contrast ; saturation ; sharpness ; normal , black and white , antique , aqua or negative color effects ; and several resolution options from 2048 x 1536 px down to 320 x 240 px .
as in " myst " , the topology of the islands was originally created as grayscale images , where brightness corresponded to elevation .
rosat 's unique strengths were high spatial resolution , low - background , soft x - ray imaging for the study of the structure of low surface brightness features , and for low - resolution spectroscopy .
all these contributed to the high skills and the brightness that the chagga people portrayed .
the automatic telescope , located in las campanas observatory , chile , was designed to register the brightness of circa one million stars in the southern hemisphere .
the scattered light produces the brightness and color in clear skies .
due to a finer dot pitch , the screen is more evenly lit , and the brightness is adjustable .
12 straight sections between the tbas of different lengths ( 3×11.5 m , 3×7 m , 6×4 m ) accommodate the undulator magnets to generate ultraviolet and x - ray light of extreme brightness .
it can also have the controller change contrast , brightness and hue of a displayed video stream .
this correlation disappeared when the local clarity of the night sky was controlled for , suggesting that it is the brightness of the night and the contribution the moon phase makes to nocturnal luminance , rather than the moon phase , that may influence the occurrence of epileptic seizures .
an approach more inline with tradition is to add an extra storey and a saddleback roof which fulfils contemporary expectations of space and brightness , while maintaining the prestige of a " tongkonan " .
the trumpler scheme gives a cluster a three part designation , with a roman numeral from i - iv indicating its concentration and detachment from the surrounding star field ( from strongly to weakly concentrated ) , an arabic numeral from 1 to 3 indicating the range in brightness of members ( from small to large range ) , and " p " , " m " or " r " to indication whether the cluster is poor , medium or rich in stars .
on march 28 , 1666 , the three men declared that the brightness of the image colors could not be explained by natural means .
it is used in paints because it is a good filler and extender , has high brightness , and is weather resistant .
white is a color , the perception which is evoked by light that stimulates all three types of color sensitive cone cells in the human eye in nearly equal amounts and with high brightness compared to the surroundings .
as they move away from the parent star , hh objects evolve significantly , varying in brightness on timescales of a few years .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation centaurus , sorted by decreasing brightness .
nevertheless , the brightness is much lower , when non - dangerous light sources , such as lightsticks or battery - powered lamps are used .
beckett was accused of lack of colour , possibly because people missed the brightness of the expected primary reds , yellows and blues .
because the magnitude is logarithmic , calculating surface brightness can not be done by simple division of magnitude by area .
these stars , like γ doradus , are pulsating variables which vary in brightness by less than a tenth of a magnitude owing to nonradial gravity wave oscillations .
this temperature difference could give rise to a brightness variation up to 0.6 magnitudes between the spot and the surrounding surface .
the comet became widely observed , reached a maximum brightness of magnitude 11 during may , and was last seen on july 10 .
these products enable more energy efficient use of the backlight to increase diplay brightness , thus extending the battery life of portable devices such as cell phones and laptops .
a conventional liquid crystal display with the same number of green pixels ( green carries most brightness or luminance information for human eyes ) as the olpc xo-1 would be 693×520 .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation scutum , sorted by decreasing brightness .
it reached a brightness of 3.8 mag and decreased within 100 days by around 3 mag .
nonetheless , most of the scientists remained puzzled by the brightness , trajectories , and absence of sound . seeming to contradict his meteor hypothesis
brightness is a measure of how much light is reflected by paper under specified conditions
the space shuttle is shown emerging from a star , representing the brightness of space exploration .
it is classified as a mira type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude + 3.9 to + 10.5 with a period of 308.71 days .
surface brightness fluctuation ( sbf ) is a secondary distance indicator used to estimate distances to galaxies .
the automatic capability of the soon telescope system allows the rapid collection of this brightness - area information on many active regions on the sun .
another example of such a deviation from the usual brightness order is the constellation sagittarius .
the brightness image remained compatible with existing b&w television sets , at slightly reduced resolution , while color televisions could decode the extra information in the signal and produce a limited - color display .
ubv photoelectric photometry catalogue , or ubv m is the star brightness catalogue comply to ubv photometric system , developed by johnson .
particularly important is the anchoring — relating the luminance values to a known brightness value , namely estimating which luminance value is perceived as white in the scene .
jonathan miller points out that apart from " adding suggestive gleams at the bevelled edges , the most important way the mirror betrays its identity is by disclosing imagery whose brightness is so inconsistent with the dimness of the surrounding wall that it can only have been borrowed , by reflection , from the strongly illuminated figures of the king and queen " .
visual effects include the illusion of movement of static surfaces ( " walls breathing " ) , after image - like trails of moving objects ( " tracers " ) , the appearance of moving colored geometric patterns ( especially with closed eyes ) , an intensification of colors and brightness ( " sparkling " ) , new textures on objects , blurred vision , and shape suggestibility .
it should be noted that despite the excellent brightness of these lamps , a significant fraction of the light shining on the surface of the water is lost by reflection and thus will not be available to attract fish and their food chain .
cross processing effects can be simulated in digital photography by a number of techniques involving the manipulation of contrast / brightness , hue / saturation and curves in image editors such as adobe photoshop or gimp ; however , they lack the unpredictable nature of regular cross processed images .
when camouflaging themselves , they use their chromatophores to change brightness and pattern according to the background they see , but their ability to match the specific color of a background may come from cells such as iridophores and leucophores that reflect light from the environment .
a simple example is multiplying each value in the stream by a constant ( increasing the brightness of an image ) .
bahir or sefer ha - bahir סֵפֶר הַבָּהִיר ( hebrew , " book of the brightness " ) is an anonymous mystical work , attributed pseudepigraphically to a first century rabbinic sage nehunya ben ha - kanah ( a contemporary of yochanan ben zakai ) because it begins with the words , " r. nehunya ben ha - kanah said " .
scattered areas of brightness confined to leaflet margins
the doctor also noticed the exceptional brightness of his eyes .
in addition to being mapped to standard keyboard keys like scroll lock and num lock , the fn key combinations may also be mapped to control system interfaces to change the lcd brightness , vga output , or speaker volume on most laptop computers .
this technology offers up to 10 times better brightness than previous zinc sulphide based materials .
the ( radioactive ) tritium light source has to be replaced every 8–12 years , since it gradually loses its brightness due to radioactive decay .
the camera has two cds cells attached to the top of the prism that reads in a center - weighted fashion the brightness off the focusing screen .
he then appeared as lohengrin ( in which the shimmering brightness of his voice was especially effective ) , as buddha ( in " maja " of adolf vogel ) , as little massarena ( " le domino noir " , auber ) , achilles ( " iphigeneia in aulis " , gluck ) , walter ( " meistersinger " ) and as " faust " ( gounod ) .
the symmetric component of the brightness distribution only contributes to the real part of the complex visibility , while the anti - symmetric component only contributes to the imaginary part .
the light gun sends a signal after sensing the sudden small change in brightness of a point on the screen when the electron gun refreshes that spot .
all the press personnel were around the bars ground to take photos of the new olympic champion but due to the brightness of the cameras flash by the time and the swiss coach did n’t manage to get them away of the bar ground so mahmoud safwat was to fall during an acrobatic highly rated spin in the air .
manufacturers can further artificially improve the reported contrast ratio by increasing the contrast and brightness settings to achieve the highest test values .
it is classified as a semiregular variable star and its brightness varies by 0.06 magnitudes .
it reached a brightness of 2.1 mag .
the old man unhurt but the gypsy man is warned to leave the neighborhood’. the copy sold in the milestone collection is in good condition with good brightness , contrast and sharpness .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation serpens , sorted by decreasing brightness .
the unbleached tmp is recovered from storage and bleached to brightness levels in the bleach plant .
these complex optical systems started out as the multicellular eyepatch gradually depressed into a cup , which first granted the ability to discriminate brightness in directions , then in finer and finer directions as the pit deepened .
the lantern comes up to full brightness and the second half , subtitled " the cry of the beast " , opens in the lighthouse .
in frescoes , mosaics , and manuscript illuminations , artists like master honore , a french manuscript painter , and pietro , a painter and mosaic designer active in the middle ages , modeled from underneath with black and white space to create brightness in their works .
the star has an apparent brightness of 3.72 , the third brightest of the stars in the group .
training experiments have shown that the common octopus can distinguish the brightness , size , shape , and horizontal or vertical orientation of objects .
operators had to look at the light itself to determine if it was at the proper brightness , and they adjusted the voltage according to their observations .
each digital scan of a region describes the amount of solar surface area within a pre - set rectangular viewing grid that is of brightness level n , where n ranges from 1 to 64 and represents the gray scale range from black to white .
the planetarium displays all of the stars above fifth magnitude over cambridge , massachusetts in their relative brightness .
typically negative film has a better ability to record a range of brightness than slide / transparency film or digital .
on the other hand , the so - called " brightness " and " contrast " adjustment controls on televisions and monitors are traditionally used to control different aspects of the picture display .
love is jah and jah is light , so as people decrease presenting themselves as vessels fit for the masters use , the brightness of his rising in us will gather his sheep unto him by an increased hunger to abide in him and know him more .
the magnitude of the comet has been known to vary from 19th magnitude to 9th magnitude , a ten thousand - fold increase in brightness , during its brightest outbursts .
daisy newman 's novels include : " now that april 's here " ( 1945 ) , " diligence in love " ( 1951 ) , " the autumn 's brightness " ( 1955 ) , " i take thee , serenity " ( 1975 ) , " indian summer of the heart " ( 1982 ) , and " a golden string " ( 1986 ) .
the earth and the heavenly bodies lost their brightness , which will come back only in the messianic time ( genesis rabba xii . ; zohar , iii .
some displays may have a further problem when displaying native resolution however , when sent the exact native resolution image , the display may be programmed to assume that it is receiving a signal from a pc ( which causes some displays from manufacturers like pioneer to reduce output brightness to avoid phosphor burn - in from a still image ) or to crop off the overscan and zoom the rest .
during peak brightness , observers reported that it was bright enough to study during full daylight .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation telescopium , sorted by decreasing brightness .
the brightness of the binary varies from magnitude + 5.8 to + 6.40 with a period of 6.43 hours .
the weighted values of r , g and b are added together to produce a single y signal , representing the overall brightness , or luminance , of that spot .
its day - side brightness temperature was subsequently directly measured as 2,300 ± 200 k by comparing the combined emissions of star and planet at 8 μm wavelength before and during a transit event .
the brightness of a simple reflective body varies with the inverse square of its distance from the sun .
it is classified as a gamma cassiopeiae type variable star and its brightness varies by 0.05 magnitudes .
since it 's hard to create fake moonlight on film ( " so the challenge became how to light a big night exterior with the light from a single flashlight . " ) , he suggested the m6 because he had heard of the m6 's brightness .
in particular , the light curve of sn 1972e in ngc 5253 , which was observed for more than a year , was followed long enough to discover that after its broad " hump " in brightness , the supernova faded at a nearly constant rate of about 0.01 magnitudes per day .
it is classified as a semiregular variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude + 4.16 to + 4.26 with a period of 12 . days .
arguably the best way of distinguishing the halo from the arc is to carefully study the difference in colour and brightness .
below is an image of sn 2005bc and ngc 5698 taken just over a week after peak brightness .
solving this system yields the radiosity , or brightness , of each patch ,
small bodies , such as small moons and asteroids , are too small and/or distant to be directly resolved even by hubble ; their image appears as a diffraction pattern determined by brightness , not size .
the xo 1.5 will keep the existing display , although olpc is working to improve its brightness and efficiency .
the number of points on the stars of the southern cross on today 's australian flag differs from the original competition - winning design , on which they ranged between five and nine points each , representing their relative brightness in the night sky .
there are three main types : literal optical illusions that create images that are different from the objects that make them , physiological ones that are the effects on the eyes and brain of excessive stimulation of a specific type ( brightness , tilt , color , movement ) , and cognitive illusions where the eye and brain make unconscious inferences .
an adjustment layer typically applies a common effect like brightness or saturation to other layers .
she becomes a favorite of goldmoon due to her boldness , brightness , and ability to ask so many questions .
it has three components y , cb and cr : the y component represents the brightness of a pixel , the cb and cr components represent the chrominance ( split into blue and red components ) .
appropriately processing information from both can yield larger black to white range of brightness ( dynamic range ) .
sn 1986 g was used to demonstrate that the spectra of type ia supernovae are not all identical , and that type ia supernovae may differ in the way that they change in brightness over time .
it is otherwise called brightness scan .
this doubled the brightness of the system with no other changes .
because the human eye is much less sensitive to small changes in color than in brightness , chroma subsampling is a very effective way to reduce the amount of video data that needs to be compressed .
the electron gun was controlled by two separate digital signals , a video bit , and an intensity bit to control the brightness of the drawn pixels .
strings may be wound with several layers , in part to control the damping of vibrations , and influence the " warmth " or " brightness " of the string by manipulating the strength of its overtones .
thus it did not show a pre - eruption rise in brightness .
however , the reflection of sunlight on venus more closely follows lambert 's law , which means that the maximum brightness occurs at a somewhat larger phase of venus than its greatest brilliancy .
as the alignment changes , the source 's apparent brightness changes , and this can be monitored to detect and study the event .
like conventional wick lamps , they can be adjusted for brightness , and can also be adjusted too high , which will cause the lamp chimney and the mantle to soot up .
the brightness of an atomic spectral line emitted by atoms in a gas ( or plasma ) can be proportional to the gas 's temperature , pressure or a weighted sum of both .
zwicky estimated the cluster 's total mass based on the motions of galaxies near its edge and compared that estimate to one based on the number of galaxies and total brightness of the cluster .
sky brightness .
according to wave theory , the strength or amplitude of a light wave was in proportion to its brightness : a bright light should have been easily strong enough to create a large current .
the apparent brightness of a spot from a laser beam depends not only on the optical power of the laser and the reflectivity of the surface , but also on the chromatic response of the human eye .
the brightness of the internal display is adjustable .
as the stars rotate the area of their surface presented towards the observer changes and this in turn affects their brightness as seen from earth .
on flat panels , however , trace brightness is essentially independent of sweep speed , because the internal signal processing effectively synthesizes the display from the digitized data .
the apparent magnitude is the observed visible brightness from earth , and the absolute magnitude is the apparent magnitude at a distance of 10 parsecs .
because of the brightness of australian sunlight , it was decided to glaze the clerestorey with yellow glass .
he had shi change his name to siming ( literally meaning , " thinking of brightness " ) .
the filter is active when the led is at normal brightness , and deactivated when dimmed ( on early amiga 500 models the led went completely off ) .
the brightness of the fill light is usually between 1/3 and 1/4 that of the key light .
spiral galaxies with large high surface brightness companions .
the finished product appears as though a veil of smoke had drifted between the subject of the painting and the viewer and had added some brightness to the pure darks and had blocked some of the pure brights of the subject .
the fdct process converts the 8x8 block of uncompressed pixel values ( brightness or color difference values ) into an 8x8 indexed array of " frequency coefficient " values .
this is cheaper and lighter , but generally produces a viewfinder image of lower quality and brightness .
thus , there is no set brightness seen by the viewer , and no intensity just lower than this that no flash is seen .
total brightness may also decrease , but less , when the hotter component passes in front of the cooler one ; this is the secondary minimum .
she sees that marble piece has turned to yellow ; losing its beautiful whiteness and brightness ; it is matte now …
he greets natura and points out urania , whose brightness dazzles natura .
previous observations of the thermal emission of eris at a wavelength of 1.2 mm , where the object 's brightness depends only on temperature and surface area , indicated a diameter of 3,000 ± 400 km , about a third larger than pluto .
// if the brightness of the shine on this section of the sphere
he further praised the song , saying : " linked together by alike synthesizer bedrocks of gradually increasing warmth and brightness , the song - cycle progresses from silver - lined dark clouds to hints of dawn before finally settling on a lovely , sun - drenched morning .
at the same time , plasma displays could easily offer the performance needed to make a high quality display , but suffered from low brightness and very high power consumption .
gives the user control over the brightness , contrast , and color of the streamed video image .
the brightness and contrast of the projector are adjusted so that on a full white field , it is possible to distinguish between a 5% screen area block of 95% percent peak white , and two identically sized 100% and 90% peak white boxes at the center of the white field .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation pegasus , sorted by decreasing brightness .
for quality comparison , only the ratio between those values is important , so 4:4:4 could easily be called 1:1:1 ; however , traditionally the value for brightness is always 4 , with the rest of the values scaled accordingly .
the phase shift between a star 's radial velocity pulsations and brightness variability depends on the distance of he ii zone from the stellar surface in the stellar atmosphere .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation gemini , sorted by decreasing brightness .
there are 20 colours for which behaviour is specified : 18 " colourful " colours , which are ordered by a 6-step hue cycle and a 3-step brightness cycle ; and black and white which are not ordered .
to optimize the display , the user often needs to adjust the contrast and brightness control of the monitor .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation pisces , sorted by decreasing brightness .
" a straight line can be readily drawn among each of the two series of points corresponding to maxima and minima , " leavitt wrote of her study of 1,777 variable stars recorded on harvard 's photographic plates , " thus showing that there is a simple relation between the brightness of the variable and their periods . "
restoring an image to remove noise , improve brightness , color and details .
these leds emit incoherent beams of light that , while not so fine as a laser ’s beam , provide a brightness ten times greater .
a xenon lamp is a high pressure sealed arc lamp , and is in common usage today where extreme brightness in a relatively small space is required , typically in motion picture projectors in theaters , and stage and motion picture lighting .
by 1880 the ' cold blast ' lantern was designed using a similar circulation system , but with only fresh air to increase the brightness of the flame .
of course , at 109 k the oh molecule would dissociate ( kt is greater than the bond energy ) , so the brightness temperature is not directly indicative of the kinetic temperature of the maser gas but is nevertheless useful in describing maser emission .
the location of the center of the supernova shell from x - ray data is at j1950 ra dec. a characteristic thermal temperature averaged over the loop from x - ray spectral data is tx = 2.9 ± 1.5 x 106 k. an x - ray surface brightness map of the loop was obtained with a one - dimensional x - ray telescope flown aboard an aerobee 170 sounding rocket launched on march 30 , 1973 , from the white sands missile range .
it is classified as a dwarf nova , meaning that it undergoes frequent and regular brightness outbursts - every 7 or 8 weeks in the case of this much - observed example .
after considerable research , the ntsc introduced a system that encoded the color information separately from the brightness , and greatly reduced the resolution of the color information in order to conserve bandwidth .
the old summer palace , known in china as the gardens of perfect brightness ( ) , and originally called the imperial gardens ( ) , was a complex of palaces and gardens northwest of the walls of the imperial city in beijing , built in the 18th and early 19th century , where the emperors of the qing dynasty resided and handled government affairs ( the forbidden city was used for formal ceremonies ) .
another way of making the same colors is to use their hue ( x axis ) , their saturation ( y axis ) , and their brightness value ( z axis ) .
compared to syrah , the wine is noticeably more dark and purplish in color , and typically rounder and fuller in the mouth , and offers a brightness that syrah lacks .
measurements of their changes in brightness can be plotted to produce light curves .
other features include the presence of a central ring - like structure and a relatively low core brightness relative to the arms .
between 1995 and 1999 , his time spent in france and also in thailand enhanced the brightness and variety on his palette .
this usually results in a lower ratio as brightness will creep into the dark area of the screen thus giving a higher luminance .
cloud cover is indicated by the brightness of the map , while rain and snow are indicated by animated blue and white areas respectively .
κ2 boötis is classified as a delta scuti type variable star and its brightness varies from magnitude + 4.50 to + 4.58 with a period of 1.83 hours .
flash suppressors introduce turbulence into the mixing of fuel - laden hot gases escaping from the muzzle and the surrounding oxygen - rich air , reducing combustion efficiency and thus reducing the size and brightness of the flash .
hence the footage had to be taken in the very late afternoon near dusk , when the brightness outside was closer to that in the room .
lightness ( sometimes called tone ) is a property of a color , or a dimension of a color space , that is defined in a way to reflect the subjective brightness perception of a color for humans along a lightness – darkness axis .
because the galaxy has a high surface brightness and relatively large angular size , it is an ideal target for amateur astronomy observations .
brightness variations .
designed in the late 1970s before the advent of high - brightness leds , each sign consists of a set of 12 panels arranged in 4 rows of 3 columns each ( a 3 x 4 grid ) .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation coma berenices , sorted by decreasing brightness .
these lights were traditionally incandescent but are now increasingly light - emitting diodes with brightness control .
some of the properties that make wollastonite so useful are its high brightness and whiteness , low moisture and oil absorption , and low volatile content .
component b has been observed to fluctuate in brightness and is also catalogued as nsv 2008 .
for the most part , bayer assigned greek and latin letters to stars in order of apparent brightness , from brightest to dimmest , within a particular constellation .
the existence of other stars changing in brightness gave credence to the idea that some may change in colour too ; sir john herschel noted this in 1839 , possibly influenced by witnessing eta carinae two years earlier .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation mensa , sorted by decreasing brightness .
one of several applications of crtm are retrievals of brightness temperature and sea surface temperature from advanced very high resolution radiometer sensor .
spiral galaxies with small high surface brightness companions .
on the other hand , the level of the cvs represents the brightness .
instead , for a source with magnitude " m " extending over an area of " a " square arcseconds , the surface brightness " s " is given by
in many ways mac transmission systems are better than muse because of the total separation of colour from brightness in the time domain within the mac signal structure .
a man of true brightness and purity who can enter into simplicity , who can return to the primitive through inaction , give body to his inborn nature , and embrace his spirit , and in this way wander through the everyday world –
this constellation is one of those cases where johann bayer chose to name the stars in a non - brightness order , in this case even putting the brightest star to a mere γ.
most plasma display producers state a 100,000 hours time before brightness halves , theoretically allowing for over ten years of normal viewing before the display dims significantly .
when account is taken of the fact that massive galaxies originate from homologous merging , and the fainter ones from dissipation , the assumption of constant surface brightness can no longer be supported .
in september 2001 , there was speculation that tagish lake meteorite which struck in british columbia , canada on january 18 , 2000 was derived from a d - type asteroid since the spectral shape and brightness of the meteorite was similar to d - type asteroids .
this conclusion is supported by the observations of a ring plane - crossing event in 2007 , when the η ring demonstrated increased brightness , becoming the second brightest feature in the ring system .
the brightness of the eyes , wiriness of the hair , exuberance of colour , combined with forced chiaroscuro and often very inaccurate drawing , are characteristics of andrew plimer 's work .
image noise is the random variation of brightness or color information in images produced by the sensor and circuitry of a scanner or digital camera .
it is estimated that the nova reached a maximum brightness of magnitude + 9.2 , over five times brighter than the brightest ' normal ' star in the cluster .
this allowed the real brightness of a dwarf star to be predicted with reasonable accuracy .
frequency selective optical filters can be utilized to alter or enhance the brightness and contrast of a digital image .
however , by observation , it is demonstrated that reduced brightness does not happen .
their shared properties include an orbital period of ~30 hours and x - ray brightness of ~1 ergs .
the prototype of these sorts of variable stars is delta scuti , which exhibits brightness fluctuations from + 4.60 to + 4.79 in apparent magnitude with a period of 4.65 hours .
this is the list of notable stars in the constellation crater , sorted by decreasing brightness .
he projected a brightness ( " diafanidad " ) ; his mind had developed to become a great work of refinement .
due to m82 's high disk surface brightness , nearly edge - on orientation ( ~80° ) with respect to us , and the presence of a complex network of dusty filaments in optical images , the arms were not previously detected .
thinning works because the eye better resolves brightness details than chrominance details .
thus , the sun 's luminosity is ~4×1033 ergs / s , while its visual brightness as observed from the earth is about -26th magnitude , or in energy flux integrated over frequencies , approximately 1380 watts / m² .
chelating agents can contribute to brightness gain by sequestering iron ions , for example as edta complexes , which are less colored than the complexes formed between iron and lignin .
will stanton hypothesized that the monochromatic ' color ' of the white rider 's robes , like those of the black rider , reflected the " extremism " of their evil — either darkened by their ignorance , or blinded by the brightness of their ideas .
there was one known bright light for the allies , and one whose brightness was not understood until after the war .
marine radar has performance adjustment controls for brightness and contrast , gain , tuning , sea clutter and rain clutter suppression , and other interference reduction .
surface brightness .
led 's are measured so that the line along half the viewing - angle from directly forward is half the brightness as at directly forward .
the colour of the streaked grey to brown upperparts is variable , with subspecies differing in hue and brightness , but this species is easily identified by its rufous cap , white underparts , and red shoulders .
newer channel letter signs are being replaced by high brightness leds .
nasa released a brightness map of the surface temperature of hd 189733 b ; it is the first map ever published of an extra - solar planet .
it operates in the visible , ultraviolet , and near infrared spectral ranges , and maps surface brightness distribution searching for volcanic activity , monitoring airglow , studying the distribution of unknown ultraviolet absorbing phenomenon at the cloud - tops , and making other science observations .
no tired light theory is known that by itself correctly accounts for the observed time dilation of distant supernovae light curves , the black body spectrum or anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background , and the observed change in the morphology , number count , and surface brightness of high redshift galaxies and quasars .
hsv stands for " hue " , " saturation " , and " value " , and is also often called hsb ( " b " for " brightness " ) .
one drawback of the existing led bulbs is that they offer limited brightness , with the brightest bulbs equivalent to a 45 - 60 w incandescent bulb .
like the spiral galaxies with high surface brightness companions , most of these spiral galaxies are clearly interacting systems . tidal tails and bridges are visible in many of the images .
the xmb 's default background color changes depending on the current month of the year , and it changes brightness depending on the time of day .
even though motion may seem to be continuous at 25 or 30 frame / s , the brightness may still seem to flicker objectionably .
pure brightness of the everliving father in heaven ,
the sudden drop in brightness may be caused by a rapid condensation of dust , resulting in much of the star 's light being blocked .
she smiled and revealed her true self , which had the glittering radiance surpassing the brightness of sun .
a significant finding was that a sound increased the perceived brightness of the light , regardless of their relative spatial locations , provided the light ’s image was projected onto the fovea .
this changes the intensity of the electron beam and therefore the brightness of the spot being scanned .
an led backlight offers several general benefits over regular ccfl backlight tvs , typically higher brightness .
corresponding to the optical images of solar regions are the digital " brightness - area " data .
susumu yoshida was sent to the u.s. to look for potential licenses , and was impressed with the improvements that rca had made in overall brightness by introducing new coloring dyes on the screen .
though the human visual system generally does maintain constant perceived color under different lighting , there are situations where the relative brightness of two different stimuli will appear reversed at different illuminance levels .
the companion has an apparent brightness of 7.3 at an angular distance of 3.2 arcseconds .
as a member of the national association of photographic manufacturers ( napm ) standards subcommittee , it7 - 3 , he along with leon shapiro , co - developed the worldwide ansi standard for measurement of brightness , contrast , and resolution of electronic projectors .
in this theory the goals of system design are thought of as the primary colors of tv light - green for simplicity , blue for realism , red for consistency , with notions like adaptability , tenacity , brightness , and visibility being extensions of the metaphor .
in a sounding rocket experiment , they detected an excess brightness at 0.5 and 0.7 mm wavelengths .
further performance improvements of led materials made by investments aimed at general lighting applications will increase the brightness and range of applications for scanned - beam displays based on green and blue gallium nitride devices and aluminum gallium indium phosphide red leds .
one evening , after meditation , i opened my eyes and suddenly saw i was in brightness similar to broad daylight in which i could see everything within and without the monastery ... "
