the private broadcasters are : kantipur television owned by kantipur publication which is located at tinkune , kathmandu ; image channel owned by image groups of companies is situated at lazimpat , kathmandu ; avenues television , a news and current affairs channel located at tripureswor , kathmandu , which is owned by avenues ad started broadcasting from july 2007 .
pacific pioneer broadcasters was founded in 1966 by veteran announcer art gilmore and 178 other original members , with edgar bergen as the founding chairman of the board .
alix is one of the authors to the " mckinsey quarterly " report " keeping baywatch at bay " , a report discussing whether public - service broadcasters could fulfill their mission in the deregulated television environment , which was written with adrian d. blake , nicholas c. lovegrove , and toby strauss .
it is unknown when or where the term " facade " came into use , but it has become the more common name , used by fans , broadcasters , and personnel .
writers for reality television do not receive union pay - scale compensation and union representation , which significantly decreases expenditures for producers and broadcasters .
the station is currently owned by heartland christian broadcasters , inc ..
after german broadcasters started to broadcast some of their programmes in pal+ , the palplus board ended its work at the end of that same year .
indeed , in an attempt to circumvent mainstream media opposition , net went to associate broadcasters , local broadcasting channels for television syndication , and other non - traditional means of marketing .
licensed to john day valley broadcasters , the station was initially authorized to broadcast with 1,000 watts of power during the day and 250 watts at night .
sun weide , the spokesman for the beijing organizing committee , said the decision to use both girls was made by the artistic director after consulting with broadcasters , who had recommended the change .
although the station no longer makes a significant content contribution to itv nationally ( the last major programme being " trisha " , before she defected to five ) , the semi - independent anglia factual brand now runs a thriving international business supplying content for discovery channel in the usa , channel 4 and five in the uk , and other broadcasters worldwide .
the station changed hands again on september 22 , 1988 to metroplex communications , headed by veteran local broadcasters norman wain and bob weiss .
in october 1982 , krdz broadcasters , inc. , reached an agreement to sell this still - under construction station to j - bar - t broadcasting company , inc.
both national public broadcasters , abc and sbs are broadcast into sale as well .
he argued that " either broadcasters will accept the light harness of decency that has been the law for decades and start cleaning up their acts , or the public 's deepening outrage will foster a more fearsome governmental response . "
host to opening and closing ceremonies and athletics competitions , the west side stadium would have sat adjacent to the jacob javits convention center , host to six olympic sports , olympic square park , and a new 40 + story office tower that would have housed olympic broadcasters in 2012 .
individual performances , such as from actors , can either be entered by the performers themselves or by the broadcasters .
the company also provides transmission services such as satellite distribution , internet broadcasting and fm / am brokerage to a range of commercial , religious and not - for - profit broadcasters .
the german pay tv provider , premiere ( now ( sky deutschland ) was part of the kirch group . aps provided and continues to provide premiere ( sky deutschland ) , as well as other private and public german broadcasters , playout , multiplexing , encryption satellite uplinks and other media broadcast services .
during his tenure there , wmhk became the first south carolina radio station to be awarded the coveted marconi award for excellence in broadcasting from the national association of broadcasters .
it is owned by missionary broadcasters inc.
hudler finally broke through onto the red wings roster in 2006–07 and scored 25 points in 76 games to be chosen team rookie of the year by the detroit sports broadcasters association .
today , j104.5 ( as it is now known ) continues to be one of west virginia 's most successful radio stations , winning the west virginia broadcasters association " station of the year " award in 2004 , 2005 , 2006 and 2007 .
the ebu picked up the idea for a song contest featuring children and opened the competition to all ebu member broadcasters making it a pan - european event .
with both a black minute hand and a red second hand going around during play , broadcasters and fans alike spent most of the game utterly confused .
since 2006 serbia has a total of 8 national broadcasters , which can be viewed throughout serbia .
like other broadcasters , cetv repeated blocks of programming but still needed at least six hours of fresh programming per day .
on january 30 , 2009 , laboe was honored with pacific pioneer broadcasters ' " diamond circle award , " given to ppb members who have made an important contribution to the development of broadcasting during their 75 + years .
the ana , the association of national advertisers , disagrees with creating a v - chip for commercials because it would block commercials and therefore be “ economically ruinous for content providers , especially broadcasters .
mitchell has several awards , including " best weathercast " by the oklahoma association of broadcasters and the oklahoma chapter of the associated press .
nbc also began using a scoring banner , along the bottom like abc 's , in 2005 for its coverage of notre dame football home game telecasts , which also quickly became used for all sports on the network except for hockey , where the banner runs atop the screen , which have been adapted by canadian broadcasters , cbc , rogers sportsnet and tsn .
in addition to entertaining the audience , these exist because uk broadcasting standards effectively prevent five from running commercials every time the us broadcasters do so .
one argument was that its low - cost advertising rates were damaging the ability of commercial broadcasters to operate .
the right side became nationally syndicated in 2006 by ebn radio network and golden broadcasters .
other broadcasters present at punchestown included spin 1038 , fm104 and phantom fm .
" conspiracies " is a documentary television programme produced by the bbc and broadcast on both techtv ( from 1 october 2003 ) and various british broadcasters .
list of arenabowl broadcasters .
the wasteland speech was a speech given by federal communications commission ( fcc ) chairman newton n. minow to the convention of the national association of broadcasters on may 9 , 1961 .
at the annual minnesota associated press broadcasters awards , kduz competes in radio class 1 against other radio stations with " one or no full - time newsroom employees " .
cleveland browns broadcasters .
all the public broadcasters give the possibility to ras to relay their programmes without any cost ( provincial citizens do n't have to pay extra license fees ) .
commercial broadcasters include prime television , win television and southern cross ten .
in addition to international broadcasters , the shortwave bands also are home to military communications , rtty , amateur radio , pirate radio , and the mysterious broadcasts of numbers stations .
located in iowa city , iowa , usa , the station is licensed to student broadcasters inc.
by the late 1990s , it was abolished due to pressure from private radio and tv broadcasters .
the tower , which was built in 1971 , is owned by kmsp channel 9 of eden prairie , minnesota but is shared by several area broadcasters ; wftc channel 29 ( kmsp 's sister station ) and the twin cities public television stations , ktca 2 and ktci 17 .
in many cases , such as the cabinet - directed prohibition on foreign ownership for broadcasters and the legislated principle of the predominance of canadian content , these acts and orders often leave the crtc less room to change policy than critics sometimes suggest , and the result is that the commission is often the lightning rod for policy criticism that could arguably be better directed at the government itself .
north american broadcasters association .
the station is currently owned by western inspirational broadcasters , inc. and features programing from salem communications .
the bbc , unlike american broadcasters and their commercial british rivals , did not produce dramas entirely on film stock on any regular basis until the 1980s , preferring their traditional electronic studio methods , which gave much of the drama produced by the corporation a somewhat unique –
anti - siphoning laws are designed to prevent pay - tv broadcasters ( pay - per - view or ' premium channels ' for example ) from buying monopoly rights to televise important and culturally significant events before free - to - air television ( commercial supported television , such as nbc , abc , cbs and fox in the united states ) has a chance to bid on them .
after an unsuccessful attempt to run for lieutenant governor in 1994 , statham returned to broadcasting assuming the position of president and ceo of the california broadcasters association .
established full - service broadcasters ( who signed on before the start of transition ) had ( with rare exception ) been required to operate existing digital simulcasts on another channel for several years and digital equipment is therefore already in place .
unusually for commercial broadcasters , storer supported educational television , and the company gave two transmitters and frequencies in the general birmingham area ( channels 7 and 10 ) to alabama educational television .
the recipients are not members of the hall of the fame , merely featured in a permanent exhibit at the national baseball museum , but writers and broadcasters commonly call them " hall of fame writers " or words to that effect . living recipients were members of the veterans committee for elections in odd years 2003 to 2007 .
list of oakland athletics broadcasters .
this allows broadcasters to apply for dts facilities to cover the area once covered by analogue tv , while not expanding coverage beyond the existing analogue coverage area .
between 2001 and 2004 , the award voting panel comprised variously fans ; sportswriters and broadcasters , sports executives , and retired sportspersons , termed collectively " experts " ; and espn personalities , but balloting thereafter has been undertaken exclusively by fans over the internet from amongst choices nominated by the espn select nominating committee .
the broadcasters often tell stories about his antics , among other things .
many local broadcasters got their first on - air job with the station , with the likes of , paul page , gary havens , and steve miller .
membership is drawn from the communication , entertainment , manufacturing , warranty insurance and service sectors from programme makers and broadcasters to radio producers and makers .
there has been talk that if adbusters wins in canadian court , they will file similar lawsuits against major u.s. broadcasters that also refused the advertisements .
former chiefs broadcasters bill grigsby and bob gretz also contribute to the broadcasts .
names in bold received the award based primarily on their work as dodgers broadcasters .
the station 's main competition in the market are wttw and wycc , public broadcasters in the city of chicago .
television broadcast stations : only one state - controlled propaganda station zbc , as government has shut down and refuses to issue licenses to domestic independent broadcasters such as joytv in 2002
jim is also a member of the rock jock hall of fame and was inducted into the ohio radio / television broadcasters hall of fame .
viewers of longtime full - power low - vhf broadcasters like wect ( nbc 6 wilmington ) , a signal which in its analogue form reached to the edge of myrtle beach , could no longer receive the station - even with the converter and proper antenna installation .
since his tenure with fox and the dodgers in 2006 , francisco still remains as one of the youngest sports broadcasters in the united states .
albury - wodonga christian broadcasters transmits as 100.7 the light and dance formatted narrowcaster rawfm on 87.6 fm .
kihr morning show " mid - columbia today " was named " best public affairs program " for 2002 by the oregon association of broadcasters .
brandstatter has twice served as the president of the detroit sports broadcasters association .
the canadian association of broadcasters ( cab ) honoured cockburn by inducting him into the canadian broadcast hall of fame .
in the 1990s the station became one of the top three college radio stations in the us and was awarded two awards by the national association of college broadcasters
kmpc - fm first broadcast in 1987 after the station , which was r&b - formatted kute , was purchased by gene autry 's golden west broadcasters .
under her direction , in 2009 wchv received the runner - up award for most outstanding newscast by virginia association of broadcasters .
( broadcasters based in london receive the aptn video feed by local terrestrial circuits , know as " local ends , " via the bt tower .
live 8 broadcasters .
thomason and his associates acquired a former german coaster and renamed it the " mv king david " , because they saw the station as being a david to the major broadcasters ' goliath .
under us law , full - service local broadcasters are the primary occupants of the fm radio broadcast band .
several other broadcasters will also carry consortium coverage , including v ( formerly tqs ) , the aboriginal peoples television network , several channels owned by asian television network , and corus entertainment 's french - language radio stations group .
the principle – aimed at ensuring that broadcasters would , first , buy the television rights and , second , continue to show the proceedings – was more or less followed .
in 1986 , broadcasters larry and susan thompson set up thompson creative with the idea of updating the " traditional " jingle sound .
national association of broadcasters .
the two broadcasters have co - commissioned a six - part series of the show , with pay - tv broadcaster uktv also investing in return for repeat rights .
he is also a recipient of the baseball hall of fame 's ford c. frick award for broadcasters ( inducted in 1982 ) .
bill sanders , president of the georgia association of broadcasters for more than a quarter of a century , says of ludlow porch , " he 's a true american humorist in the style of will rogers .
the isan standard ( iso standard 15706:2002 & iso 15706 - 2 ) is recommended or required as the audiovisual identifier of choice for producers , studios , broadcasters , internet media providers and video games publishers who need to encode , track , and distribute video in a variety of formats .
the funding never came and the equipment was donated to non profit broadcasters .
they requested that the power limit on the " i - a " channels in the u.s. be increased from 50 kw to 750 kw , pointing to wlw 's successful experiments before the war , and in later years successful implementation by state broadcasters in europe and the middle east , as evidence that this would work and improve the service received by most americans .
in april 2003 , coquille river broadcasters , inc. , reached an agreement to sell this station to bicoastal media through their bicoastal cb , llc , subsidiary as part of a four - station deal valued at a reported $ 1.5 million .
it also had four nyc fm broadcasters : wpat - fm 93.1 , wnyc 93.9 , wkcr 89.9 , and wktu 103.5 .
the broadcasting bill 2006 will cover the dissolution of the rté authority , bci , bcc and allow for transition arrangements , exemption from stamp duty , funding of the bai by broadcasters , and the rules governing state support to rté and tg4 under ec directive 97/36/ec on state aid following government consultation with the commission and eu parliament .
in 1969 , a local group , boston broadcasters incorporated ( bbi ) , was granted a construction permit for a new channel 5 under the call letters wcvb - tv after promising to air more local programming than any other station in america at the time .
broadcasters .
the international media help ( imh - internationale medienhilfe ) is a non - commercial working group and co - operative enterprise of intercultural and jewish newspapers , magazines , radio stations , television broadcasters and news agencies located throughout the world , which have collectively agreed to provide mutual support and to collaborate on projects of mutual interest .
the american meteorological society and national weather association issue " seals of approval " to weather broadcasters who meet certain requirements .
she won a padma shri for her coverage of the 2004 tsunami and commonwealth broadcasters award for journalist of the year .
redesigned by james t. chiles and telecommunication properties , inc. this modern facility supports both television and fm broadcasters .
ppnz can grant licences to any individual or business playing or using recorded music in the public arena ( i.e. non domestic ) such as bars , cafes , retail shops , salons , telephone ‘ on - hold’ systems , sports grounds , broadcasters , gyms , function centres and many other premises where performance of recorded music takes place .
list of toronto blue jays broadcasters .
in most countries , the public broadcasters were the only television services available until the 1980s .
scott showed disdain for other religious broadcasters like jerry falwell and jimmy swaggart and bristled when people referred to him as a " televangelist " , preferring to be regarded as a teacher and pastor .
born in mattoon , illinois , edwards broadcast on pioneering radio station kdka am in the 1920s , making him one of the earliest professional radio broadcasters .
other popular phillies broadcasters through the years include bill campbell from 1962 to 1970 , and harry kalas from 1971 to 2009 .
he was named " sportscaster of the year " by the illinois association of broadcasters in 1991 .
religious broadcasters have utilized kaay 's signal to spread messages nationwide .
john mokwetsi , entertainment editor of the independent standard weekly , says local broadcasters seem to have " shut out protest music and drama altogether . "
at the national association of broadcasters 2007 show in las vegas , three working red one cameras were on display as well as all - day screenings of a recent 12-minute short entitled " crossing the line " directed by peter jackson using two alpha versions of the red camera nicknamed boris and natasha .
he argues that systematic media manipulation ( which he dubs " pallywood " ) dates back to at least the 1982 lebanon war , and argues that broadcasters are too uncritical of the veracity of palestinian freelance footage .
crossing the line " was shown at nab 2007 ( the usa national association of broadcasters ) .
many people from springburn have left their mark on the world , some of more the famous being scottish international footballer james mcfadden , singer sydney macewan , musician duncan campbell , broadcasters and writers tom weir and his sister molly , the railway author john thomas , and the politician john mcallion .
the project is being led by tobu railway and a group of six terrestrial broadcasters ( headed by public broadcaster nhk ) .
afge represents almost every type of worker in the american economy , blue collar and white collar , and covers a variety of professional , technical and support personnel — including nurses , doctors , machinists , electricians , aircraft mechanics , astronauts , scientists , safety inspectors , mine inspectors , food inspectors , environmental specialists , accountants and accounting technicians , fire fighters , police officers , correctional officers , cowboys , engineers , administrative assistants , janitors , radio and tv broadcasters , procurement specialists , quality assurance specialists , benefits administrators , housekeepers , lawyers and paralegals , boiler plant operators and many more .
the initial programme / station manager , john mcneil , laid the groundwork for what became the network 's relaxed talk and music format , in which a limited number of teaching programmes are intermingled with music , news and interviews , to differentiate the station from american christian broadcasters , which were perceived to be " bible - bashing " and culturally irrelevant .
wvur - fm consistently wins awards from the indiana association of student broadcasters , including radio school of the year for the 2005 - 2006 and 2007 - 2008 academic year .
it has long been considered " the bible of ( ice ) hockey ” and is the book the nhl issues to reporters , broadcasters , scouts and general managers .
industry veterans and " raw " broadcasters jim ross and jerry lawler have done commentary on the show .
on september 18 , 2009 , he was named as president of the national association of broadcasters .
georgia association of broadcasters .
he also won a gold ribbon award from the canadian association of broadcasters for his coverage of the robert pickton trial in new westminster in 2007 .
the largest groups of end - users for ku - band free - to - air signals were initially the ethnic - language communities , as often free ethnic - language programming would be sponsored by multilingual american communities and their broadcasters .
these providers have been joined by a range of pure internet " broadcasters " who never had on - air licenses .
an effect of this act was that , in the letter of the law , the television or radio companies rather than the regulator became the broadcasters , as had been the case in the early ( 1955 - 1964 ) era of the independent television authority when it had fewer regulatory powers than it would later assume .
the station is owned by radio antillas of harriet broadcasters .
following her success at cnn , lee returned to the united states in 1999 , where she hosted the talk show " pure oxygen " on the oxygen network , and also worked for other major broadcasters including abc and nbc .
in march 2007 , lyon broadcasters inc. made a deal to buy ksvl from donegal inc.
free - to - air television stations in australia include three commercial networks , transmitted in various parts of the country by several different stations , two state - funded broadcasters ( abc and sbs ) , a small number of community television stations , and some digital datacasting services .
virginia association of broadcasters award - winning sportscaster bob alvis calls the play - by - play for most of the high school games , assisted often by co - host kyle hoehne .
aptn distributes video to its client broadcasters around the world , mostly by satellite .
list of nfl kickoff game broadcasters .
17 national broadcasters televised the championships along with 69 eurosport and eurosport asia - pacific nations . , resulting in a total of 666 million global viewers the top events with the greatest naitional live audience was the men 's ski jumping individual large and normal hill event from poland 's tvp1 with 5.0 and 4.4 million viewers respectively .
of the british broadcasters , really only the bbc ever " opts - out " within the proper technical meaning of the term , and only then in its english regions .
many international broadcasters ( television or radio ) can reach " unreachable " audiences via email and rss feeds .
the council also provides a range of resources to broadcasters such as training programs and advice on funding and grants .
additional press box features included modern work spaces for print journalists , sound - proof radio broadcaster booths for home and visitor stations , television broadcasters , public address announcers , scouts , administration , home and visiting coaches and video operators via a covered outdoor deck .
apart from the public canadian broadcasting corporation and community broadcasters , media in canada are primarily owned by a small number of companies , including ctvglobemedia , canwest , rogers , shaw , astral , newcap and quebecor .
he claims to be ranked third in a list of the world 's most controversial broadcasters of all time .
list of los angeles dodgers broadcasters .
the atlantic association of broadcasters is an organization representing the maritimes private television and radio networks .
after setanta sports entered administration and ceased broadcasting its core channels , rangers announced that rangers tv has ceased broadcasting but hoped there will be an opportunity to restore a dedicated rangers tv channel in the future depending on discussions with broadcasters on 30 october 2009 rangers tv re - launched however only on the internet at www.rangerstv.tv but is available throughout the world now including live matches for viewers outside the uk & republic of ireland .
wrhi am / fm is a four - time winner of the south carolina broadcasters association , " radio station of the year " honor ( 2005,2006,2008,2009 ) .
harrelson has become known as one of the quintessential " homer " ( home - town enthusiast ) broadcasters .
on 26 november 2005 , the contest was broadcast live from the ethias arena in hasselt , belgium , in a joint effort by the national broadcasters vlaamse radio- en televisieomroep ( vrt ) and radio télévision belge de la communauté française ( rtbf ) , in co - operation with the european broadcasting union .
the station is currently owned by florida broadcasters and features programing from cnn en español radio .
strange paradise was marketed to potential broadcasters via the pilot
because the station already had an fm sister station , namely cibm - fm ( at the time , canadian radio - television and telecommunications commission ( crtc ) regulations generally forbade broadcasters to operate more than one am station and one fm station per market ) , cjfp - fm originally operated under a condition of licence which required at least half of the programming to be " spoken - word programming " ( i.e. , talk radio ) .
in addition to his duties as diocesan bishop , he served as a member of the episcopal commission of the legion of decency and as episcopal moderator of the catholic broadcasters association .
some segments of " totp " which have been wiped by the bbc do survive in some form owing to having been included in other programmes , either by the bbc itself or by foreign broadcasters .
mainly known for presenting regular late - night coverage of nascar and indy car racing on five , and motorsport uk for the itv network , she has also worked for other broadcasters including sky sports .
tasmanian youth broadcasters inc. was awarded a broadcasting licence after a four week trial period in august 2002 .
currently , the digital terrestrial platform has twenty seven radio stations broadcasting from broadcasters including the bbc , bauer radio , gmg radio and absolute radio .
international broadcasters .
games in the first round not selected by national broadcasters are usually broadcast by nba tv .
from midnight until 06:00 the programme " through the night " filled in with radio recordings supplied by participating broadcasters of the european broadcasting union .
also , around this time , wsyw - fm was leasing out various hours throughout the day to spanish - language broadcasters , providing the first on - air outlet in indianapolis for spanish programming .
this information allows operators , broadcasters and advertising media to monitor audience tv usage habits .
list of little league world series championship game broadcasters .
additionally , local or regional broadcasters contract with the mlb team in their area for the right to broadcast a number of regular season games locally .
the station 's original license holder , clatsop video broadcasters , was owned in partnership by leroy e. " ed " parsons , e.w. littlehales , and j.w. spencer .
list of baltimore ravens broadcasters .
this award , considered the equivalent of a hall - of - fame induction for broadcasters , is given for outstanding contributions to hockey broadcasting .
other broadcasters must average no more than nine minutes ( twelve in the peak ) .
from 1999 onwards , broadcasters who wished to do so were given the opportunity to take more advertising breaks as short , non - essential hiatuses were introduced into the programme .
ibs is also a member of the national association of broadcasters .
more than 600 broadcasters from the air force , navy , and army had served during the ten years that aftn operated .
in 1987 , kkbq won the houston association of radio broadcasters ' award for local / retail station promotion .
other broadcasters .
it has been used by television broadcasters to enable both and television sets to optimally present pictures transmitted in either format .
a news " has also been honoured twice by the bc association of broadcasters for excellence in news coverage .
since qualifying as a broadcast journalist in 1989 , ricky has worked as a travel reporter for aa roadwatch , as a newsreader , senior journalist and " flying eye " travel news reporter for ocean fm , power fm and south coast radio ( now gold ) , as a presenter / producer for bbc radio solent and bbc wiltshire sound , as a journalist / newsreader for national commercial broadcasters virgin radio and talksport , and as a presenter for london news 97.3 .
the award takes its name from jack graney , one of the first canadian baseball players to enjoy success in the major leagues , and one of the first notable canadian baseball broadcasters .
memorable broadcasters of ksfo 's history include russ hodges , lon simmons , don sherwood , jeff skov , aaron edwards , jim lange , john gilliland , gene nelson , dan sorkin and jim eason .
the following year ckx was purchased by a group of brandon businessmen headed by john b. craig , managing director of western manitoba broadcasters .
most broadcasters were bitter at having to purchase digital equipment and broadcast a digital signal when very few homeowners had digital television sets .
during his years of study he also worked as an editorial assistant of american football for some tv broadcasters , and later as a football referee and university sports speaker of flag football .
kduz news director mark wodarcyzk was elected to a one - year term as president of the minnesota associated press broadcasters in march 2008 , following his one - year stint as vice president of the organization the previous year .
these boxes were slow to be made available in canada and mexico , where broadcasters were not required to transition to digital television in 2009 .
in 2004 , 50% ownership of 2cc & 2ca was sold to grant broadcasters .
the country has its own newspapers , television and radio broadcasters and internet service providers .
towards the end of his career this trait was very well known and often commented upon by broadcasters .
the decree made by the national association of broadcasters in 1975 was also overturned , giving stations free rein on what to air in the pre - prime time slots .
the dutch regional broadcasters all moved to astra 23.5°e in september 2007 , to be lost to viewers without access to the new satellite position .
wght 's news department has been honored with awards from the associated press and the new jersey broadcasters association .
mount wellington was selected by many broadcasters as the site of broadcast radio and television transmitters because it provides line - of - sight transmission to a much larger area of hobart and surrounding districts than any other point in the region .
some of the traditional broadcasters really want their own space , who get upset when their analyst gets in and steps on their call .
since colt mccoy was listed third on the ut depth chart , television broadcasters referred to matt mccoy ( no relation ) as colt mccoy , a mistake they repeated over the season .
these conditions were an extension of the existing canadian content rules applicable to all broadcasters in canada .
in 2004 , grace broadcasters sold wcgb to calvary evangelistic mission .
wimax would replace the existing services but would make mvpd services cheaper , while still allowing broadcasters to make more money .
other broadcasters have used kalas ' " outta here " call , including gary cohen of the new york mets , jerry coleman of the san diego padres , and terry smith of the los angeles angels of anaheim .
this style of play - by - play announcers in hockey broadcasting really hasn't changed between radio and tv , as broadcasters still describe the action as if viewers can not see what is on the screen they 're watching .
the " debate " between the two broadcasters degenerated over the next few days , with carlton calling zemanek " a little shit " , " a village idiot " , " a homosexual " , and " a stunted runt " and zemanek calling carlton a " a turd " and " a ponce " with " his head up his backside " .
the timing of the race with a late afternoon start , supposedly to appease us broadcasters , produced some controversy since summer marathons normally start early in the morning to avoid the heat .
middays , evenings , and overnights were used to sell time to various christian broadcasters .
stations that carry the broadcasts include those owned by macquarie regional radioworks , grant broadcasters and some independently owned stations ( such as 2bs bathurst ) .
a rancorous dispute ensued over how performance royalties should be assessed for internet broadcasters .
larger multi - channel broadcasters with hundreds of feeds running simultaneously could potentially use several thousand vhs decks in rotation , along with the equipment racking , tape storage space and staff to manipulate those assets - and tens of thousands of tapes required to span the compliance retention period .
changes to the public service broadcasters and the allocation of public funding is also heralded in the new act following on from discussion with the european commission recently .
mcroy would go on to sell both wcil - fm and am to dennis lyle , now the president of the illinois broadcasters association .
the station is currently owned by jacksonville area radio broadcasters inc.
he has been a board member of the public radio news directors incorporated , a member of the radio - television news directors , president of the illinois news broadcasters association and vice - president of the saint louis chapter of the society of professional journalists .
wade is also aligned with conservative evangelical groups such as the national religious broadcasters ( nrb ) his office would neither confirm or deny his participation in high level conversations between the white house and the nrb but the nrb admits that there were talks that included nrb members and key white house officials .
it is not at all uncommon for a shock jock to be fined by regulators for " going too far " ; in fact , some broadcasters consider such an incident as a " badge of honor " .
this enabled the itv broadcasters to open up the afternoon schedule to sell advertising between programmes ( advertising was strictly prohibited during schools broadcasts . )
in september 1991 , beacon broadcasters sold the station to kb media , who promptly renamed the station kswt .
the largest audiences are in english , hindi , urdu , bengali and other major languages of south asia , where bbc broadcasters are household names .
the technical bureau , which consists of 15 members representing all categories of member broadcasters in the region , meets twice each year .
in 1964 , ktla was purchased by actor and singer gene autry and merged with his other radio properties ( including los angeles ' kmpc ) into an umbrella company , golden west broadcasters .
it is , in effect , radio 's version of the eurovision song contest , with national broadcasters sending designated bands to represent their country .
inside the studio , broadcasters used a single microphone on a wheeled base , which severely restricted the number of users at any one time .
each ensemble can only have a certain maximum total bitrate , a sort of " bit budget " that participating broadcasters must work within .
based in london , members of cops and robbers are responsible for creating , writing , editing and producing for some of the country 's largest broadcasters .
brewington was inducted into the broadcasters hall of fame in 2007 , the same year as his twin brother rudolph brewington .
currently , the official television broadcasters of cfl games are cable network tsn ( which began televising cfl games in 1985 ) , while cable network and tsn partner rds broadcasts montreal alouettes games in french for the quebec television market .
the festival was established in 1995 to celebrate , popularize and support european local tv broadcasters production .
he was fond of reminding broadcasters that , with minimal cash investment , anyone can be a tv station in today 's world .
welx ( for : ernie and lamont- xenia the sons of founders harry and ernestine miller ) was sold in 1979 to l&d broadcasters inc.and returned to the air in 1980 airing soul gospel in the morning and early evenings and southern gospel in the afternoons .
his father , an economist , had been one of the last broadcasters against hitler and left germany in january , three months before john was born .
on april 6 , 1998 , the station changed its call sign to kker , on february 1 , 2002 to the current khkv , on january 4 , 2001 the station was sold to houston christian broadcasters .
however , a crtc statement issued in june 2008 indicated that as of that date , only 22 digital transmitters had been fully installed across the entire country , and expressed the regulator 's concern that canada 's television broadcasters were not adequately preparing for the shift to digital broadcasting .
for the first time , major broadcasters were allowed to serve video coverage of the olympics over the internet , provided that they restricted this service geographically , to protect broadcasting contracts in other areas .
coverage of premier league now dominates football on english television , especially in financial terms ; the contracts agreed between the league and broadcasters bskyb in 1992 and 1997 were worth £ 191.5 m and £ 670 m respectively .
the institut für rundfunktechnik gmbh ( irt ) is the research centre of the german broadcasters ( ard / zdf / dlr ) , austria 's broadcaster ( orf ) and the swiss public broadcaster ( ssr ) .
in 2007 , money was named the southern league 's manager of the year as voted upon by the league 's field managers , radio broadcasters , and print media .
then horrocks criticised rival broadcasters , saying " i know that many other tv and radio networks have been absolutely extraordinary , always talking about it in terms of sympathy and their [ mccanns ] feelings . "
a complete list of broadcasters , with their period of tenure on the show ( beginning years of each season shown ) .
by the 1950s and 1960s transcribed recordings had become more commonplace , particularly for news broadcasts , so schafer was able to include genuine recordings of some broadcasters , particularly the aforementioned paul harvey and lowell thomas , the latter being featured on several occasions .
wednesday games will be blacked out in the teams ' local markets ( and anywhere their broadcasters reach ) , except if they would otherwise go untelevised .
her candidacy arose in the midst of criticism from american conservatives that the cpb and public broadcasters , cpb indirectly funds , namely npr and pbs , exhibit a " liberal bias " that excludes conservative viewpoints and participation .
since 1978 , british television commentary of the formula 1 seasons has been used by other broadcasters right around the world , including australia and japan .
television broadcasters got into the game , including the english - language national networks , the canadian broadcasting corporation ( cbc ) , ctv television network ( ctv ) and canwest / global and the french - language networks , radio canada , tva ( tv network ) and tqs .
the introduction of colour television in the united kingdom during the late 1960s meant that broadcasters felt there was even less value in keeping hold of monochrome recordings .
further , some broadcasters are required by fcc regulations to caption a percentage of their broadcasts .
the station is owned by crossett radio and licensed to peggy s. medlin 's ashley county broadcasters , inc.
it would require video service providers to offer a $ 10 basic package to anyone who lost at least one channel to the dtv conversion ( with broadcasters waiving fees ) , pay for outdoor antennas ( including installation ) and extend the converter box program beyond july 31 .
this led to a two - tier system which was unpopular with viewers due to local broadcasters focusing heavily on local teams and drivers , whilst missing key moments .
names in bold received the award based on their work as diamondbacks broadcasters .
the dragons are broadcast on espn radio 1410 , with tom nichols and owen serey as the broadcasters .
presently , the 19th floor , which was the former home of patterson broadcasters cfdr and cfrq ( q104 ) radio and later the meteorological service of canada , is occupied by m5 marketing communications ; the msc moved to the 3rd floor after safety concerns arose following hurricane juan .
the station is currently owned by new northwest broadcasters , llc and features programming from citadel media .
additional unused capacity is used by some broadcasters to transmit utility functions such as background music for public areas , gps auxiliary signals , or financial market data .
kccc ( now off air ) was then sold to a group of broadcasters who would return the station to the air in 1959 as kvue , broadcasting from studios near the old california state fairgrounds off stockton boulevard .
the crtc distinguishes two types of campus radio : " instructional " ( for training of professional broadcasters ) and " community - based campus " ( programming provided by volunteers who are not training to be professionals ) .
the early private broadcasters , as canal+ , were the pioneers in adopting this new form and today are preceded by their digital formats .
in 1973 , muggeridge signed up leading bbc broadcasters such as tony blackburn , jimmy young and pete murray to long - term contracts in the face of the challenge from the new local commercial radio stations .
section looks at the everyday working loves of irish scientists and science broadcasters , ranging from a professor of biochemistry to a marine photographer .
with the advent of popular television , broadcasters realized they needed more than live programming .
in april 1994 a modest package was recorded for victory fm who became the full - time broadcasters to greater portsmouth 1999 , with more jingles from manchester .
with more than 900 live concerts , festivals , performances , debates and lectures , fabchannel.com built a substantial concert video archive , their claim of being ' the largest concert video archive in the world ' however being an exaggeration , given the far larger archives developed by major broadcasters such as bbc .
elliott had managed a television station in dodge city , kansas in the 1950s , had founded a station in ensign , kansas , and was a founder of the kansas association of broadcasters in 1951 .
from the start the gpo had trouble with competitive pirate radio broadcasters who found ways to deliver electronic messages to british receivers without first obtaining a gpo licence .
in 1988 , ept also established et3 a regional state - owned network which focused on issues of northern greece , to counter the athens - centric broadcasts of the other two major state broadcasters at the time .
broadcasters , theaters , and wireless microphone manufacturers are firmly against these types of devices ostensibly for this reason .
while in the usa he took the opportunity of seeing the developments made in television broadcasting by the new american broadcasters , compiling a report upon his return home to the uk entitled “ report on the conditions for a post - war television service . ”
