milton kort attended the local chapter of the international brotherhood of magicians ring # 22 in the detroit , michigan metropolitan area .
the vigil honor may be conferred upon arrowmen who have completed a minimum of two years as a brotherhood member and perform exceptional service above through leadership , exemplary efforts , or dedication .
it also won the brotherhood award of the national conference of christians and jews in the same year , and the paperback of the year award from " bestsellers " magazine in 1962 .
these dissenting " anti - missourian brotherhood " congregations joined in 1890 with the norwegian augustana synod and the norwegian - danish conference to form the united norwegian lutheran church of america .
in 1974 , operation of kqiv was turned over to brotherhood broadcasting company ( roy jay , president ) which changed the station 's music format to urban contemporary .
the muslim brotherhood received funds from the third reich via the german legation in cairo .
it went on to serve as the headquarters of the brotherhood of locomotive engineers , or ble , from 1896 until 1910 .
polo grounds iii opened for business in 1890 as " brotherhood park " , the home stadium for a second new york giants franchise , the players ' league version .
in addition to the muslim brotherhood ’s peaceful methodology , certain groups , more extreme either in their opinion or in their activities , such as the neo - salafism ( al - itihad al - islami)and takfir ( jama'at al - muslimuun ) were establishing their footholds in somalia .
the first lodge flaps were white with red - embroidered border and presented , one per lifetime to brotherhood members , restricted , and not to be traded , sold or given away .
brotherhood / return from mojoworld .
the tribute was known as " khuwwa " ( " brotherhood " ) , and in exchange , the tribesmen pledged to protect the farmers from other tribes .
it has been recorded most famously by diana trask and brotherhood of man .
he and others ( including john o'connor power , joseph biggar and john barry ) resigned from the irish republican brotherhood in august 1877 over the condemnation by its leaders of the use of politics within a revolutionary organisation .
he was president of the native brotherhood of british columbia for twelve years until his appointment to the senate .
schillinger is also quick to have the brotherhood kill other inmates to prove that the aryans in oz are a legitimate threat to the rest of the inmate population .
republican brotherhood .
in 1998 sánchez joined the international brotherhood of electrical workers ( ibew ) local 441 and became a compliance officer .
the noze brotherhood .
the dedication orchestra is a jazz ensemble formed as a tribute to the exiled south african musicians who formed the core of the the blue notes and the brotherhood of breath , it features alan skidmore , radu malfatti , django bates , kenny wheeler , elton dean , lol coxhill , evan parker , paul rutherford and many others , including keith tippett on piano , louis moholo on drums and with julie tippetts and maggie nichols on vocals .
the asatru free assembly had been an outgrowth of a group called the viking brotherhood founded by mcnallen together with robert stine in 1971 .
suevia is committed to the principles of brotherhood , tolerance , scholarship and academic excellence .
in 1925 randolph organized the brotherhood of sleeping car porters .
other endorsements of bean included those from the united auto workers , the international brotherhood of electrical workers , the sierra club , the american federation of teachers , the chicago tribune , and the chicago sun - times .
indeed , the brotherhood wishes to return the church to the level of influence that it knew before the reformation .
other than that , he was in an association with john trivett nettleship , and sidney hall , also followers of blake , as well as john butler yeats and george wilson ( 1848 - 1890 , a scottish pre - raphaelite inspired artist ) , called " the brotherhood " .
in 1991 , dr. and mrs. pendleton jointly received the brotherhood , sisterhood humanitarian award presented from the national conference of christians and jews ( renamed the national conference for community and justice ) .
after working with several smaller unions , including the brotherhood of locomotive firemen , debs was instrumental in the founding of the american railway union(aru ) , the nation 's first industrial union .
it currently holds a brotherhood of approximately 115 monks , which makes esphigmenou the most populous monastery in athos .
in the late 1840s , the historian , mykola kostomarov " ( russian : nikolay kostomarov ) " ) , founded a secret political society , the brotherhood of saint cyril and methodius , whose members put forward the idea of a federation of free slavic people with ukrainians as a distinct and separate group rather than a subordinate part of the russian nation ; the society was quickly suppressed by the authorities .
prayer brotherhood was founded in leipzig by lutheran theological students .
sabretooth would later attack the xavier institute , in a revamped brotherhood consisting of leader black tom cassidy , mammomax , avalanche , exodus , and undercover heroes nocturne and juggernaut .
the stove workers , with 5,800 members , became a division of the international brotherhood known as the stove , furnace , energy and allied appliance workers division .
masque teams the morlocks with toad 's brotherhood of evil mutants , but in one of their first battles against x - force , led by nathan summers , masque is apparently killed by shatterstar .
yet , there was a bond which bound us together in our cause ... uniting us in a charitable and selfless brotherhood of artistic collaboration .
in its early stages , the pre - raphaelite brotherhood believed that their two interests were consistent with one another , but in later years the movement divided and began to move in two directions .
but despite their beginnings " as two distinct movements " , the migration of muslim brotherhood members from egypt to saudi arabia and saudi king faisal 's " embrace of salafi pan - islamism resulted in cross - pollination between ibn abd al - wahhab ’s teachings on tawhid , shirk and bid‘ah and salafi interpretations of ahadith ( the sayings of muhammad ) .
the group 's leaders believed or claimed to believe that they were in contact , via visions and messages , with a secret order of adepts referred to as the " himalayan brotherhood " or " the masters " .
in addition to his parish duties and responsibilities , father vladimir has been an active member of the ukrainian catholic brotherhood of canada since 1976 , of the presbyteral council of the eparchy since 1985 , and of the knights of columbus since 1987 .
founded may , 1892 , by henry peach robinson the brotherhood was " a means of bringing together those who are interested in the development of the highest form of art of which photography is capable . "
carrying on their shoulders the gigantic pine torches and forming almost a river of fire to build the bonfire of the brotherhood , you proclaim the love of him who came to bring the fire of the gospel on earth ... " the agnonesi performed a special ndocciata to celebrate the 600 anniversary of being proclaimed a city by king ladislas of durazzo .
recurring topics also include the kennedy assassination and its alleged relations to the fbi , george h. w. bush , richard nixon and the watergate scandal , german - controlled industry and banking , the muslim brotherhood , 11 , the bush family and its business connections to the osama bin laden family and the third reich ( through senator prescott bush ) , the p-2 lodge , disinformation , mind control and cults .
however , the brotherhood found support from the critic john ruskin , who praised their devotion to nature and rejection of conventional methods of composition .
it appeared in 1993 as " nkumbi initiation ritual and structure among the mbo of zaïre " and as " asa : myth of origin of the blood brotherhood among the mbo of the ituri forest " , both in " annales " of the royal museum for central africa ( tervuren , belgium ) , vol .
the cinematic version differs from the original comic creation as the character is a mutant recruited to join magneto 's brotherhood of evil mutants and has no apparent relation to charles xavier .
ruane was a native of carnmore , county galway , and joined the irish republican brotherhood in 1908 .
o'brien heavily implies to smith that all of the details of the brotherhood and the very existence of emmanuel goldstein are just fabrications that the party invented in order to lure out thought criminals .
on march 27 , 1954 , nentico lodge provided the first brotherhood ceremony for the lodge at broad creek memorial scout reservation in harford county maryland .
the bridge was used as a part of the highway " brotherhood and unity " ( until the zagreb bypass was constructed ) and later ljubljanska avenue .
the current aaa world tag team champions is the team of nicho " el millionario " and joe lider , collectively known as " la hermandad 187 " ( the 187 brotherhood ) .
heroic bloodshed is a genre of hong kong action cinema revolving around stylized action sequences and dramatic themes such as brotherhood , duty , honour , redemption and violence .
aquarius , capricorn , and sagittarius sought to recapture the zodiac key , but lost it to the brotherhood of the ankh .
eventually the village would close and , in 1927 , be sold to the la salette brotherhood of montreal , a catholic order noted for its christmas display .
in 2001 , the lawyers ' association held open elections for its executive board for the first time in five years ; in order to avoid embarrassing the regime , the brotherhood chose to contest only a third of the seats , and won all of those .
" the brotherhood of satan " was filmed in albuquerque , new mexico .
the student african american brotherhood members serve their communities through mentorship , role modeling , and programming that highlights the experiences of african american culture as well as black men ’s roles in society .
talking asher into joining the brotherhood , they left .
om sahodaryam sarvatra ( the brotherhood of all ) .
it has recently been revealed that brain 's true purpose for the brotherhood was to destroy chief caulder and his " colleagues " .
he agrees , but six months later , the dark hunters have it within their possession again , split into six , and auctioned to the brotherhood at a profitable price .
despite this , blavatsky 's admirers claim that her thinking was not connected to fascist or racialist ideas , asserting that she believed in a universal brotherhood of humanity and wrote that " all men have spiritually and physically the same origin " and that " mankind is essentially of one and the same essence " .
he has been a key figure of important groups in the british free jazz / improvised music scene , including ian carr 's nucleus , the brotherhood of breath and the dedication orchestra , london jazz composers orchestra , john surman , octet django bates ronnie scott 's quintet , kathy stobart , charlie watts , stan tracey 's big band and octet ; elton dean 's " ninesense " .
the international brotherhood of electrical workers ( ibew ) does represent several bresnan employees in missoula , montana and they remain the only bresnan employees who have elected to maintain their union status .
the brotherhood has developed into an independent organization with strong anglican and community links which continues to work for an australia free of poverty .
along with brotherhood leader ' abd al fattah isma'il , she went on to play a key role in rebuilding the organisation .
by introducing the system of ' silsila’ which was a sort of association / order , and takia / khankha , a lodge or hospice , they invested the movement with a sense of brotherhood and provided it with a meeting place .
one night , when frieda attacks a member of the brotherhood , she is captured by her uncle and put in jail .
in the summer of march 2005 in bukidnon , he joined the group of watch dogg committee one of the list of underground groups in the philippines , watch dogg committee is considered a community , although they are scattered geographically , they have interests or goals that binds them together and was founded in 1985 as a brotherhood in crown heights , new york , u.s.a. 1995 .
astra ( brotherhood ) .
the novel also features a great deal more back - story into santo 's past - he is shown to have served in the korean war , received a purple heart after being wounded by an enemy bullet , and then spent time as an international envoy promoting peace and brotherhood through music and traditional menominee indian folk songs .
according to author john kennedy o'connor 's " the eurovision song contest - the official history " , the herreys opened the contest and thus became the third winners of the competition to sing from pole position , following teach - in in 1975 and brotherhood of man in 1976 .
munroe is a veteran aboriginal activist in the province , who helped form the manitoba indian brotherhood in 1967 and was executive director of the indian - metis friendship centre in the early 1970s .
he co - formed and played bass in the seminal boston hardcore bands dys and slapshot , writing and playing on the dys records " brotherhood " and " dys " as well as slapshot 's debut record " back on the map " ( all re - issued by taang ! records in various formats ) .
prison authorities describe him as a brutal killer and a former leader of the aryan brotherhood prison gang .
magneto 's brotherhood .
before this , in 1964 , the brotherhood changed its name to the kings park jewish center .
hamallayya or hamallism is a sufi ṭarīqah ( order , path ) originating in west africa as an outgrowth from and reaction against the tijaniyyah brotherhood .
brotherhood of saints cyril and methodius .
he also had extensive contact with the muslim brotherhood , and exchanged views with sayyid qutb .
the darqawiyya or darqawa sufi order was a revivalist branch of the shadhiliyah brotherhood .
that evening , st. patrick 's day , the irish republican brotherhood commenced .
he is captured by the brotherhood of guardians , and later freed by robotnik .
later his family sent him to the bulgarian men 's high school of thessaloniki , where he organized and led a secret revolutionary brotherhood , repeatedly punishing other students who betrayed the group ’s plots or for example dared to slander then honoured bulgarian national revival revolutionaries .
his first involvement with the brotherhood was when he was attacked at deuel vocational institute in tracy by two members of the black guerrilla family and excelled in the fight with knives .
in 1979 , disgruntled employees unionized with the brac ( brotherhood of railway , airline and steamship clerks , freight handlers , express and station employees ) after the removal of profit sharing plans , medical coverage , personal holidays , and cumulative sick leave .
in christian ecumenism brotherhood holds to transsubstantiation , office of st peter and honour to blessed virgin mary .
each brotherhood elects two delegates who take part in the national ecclesiastical assembly .
the pre - raphaelite brotherhood also drew on myth and folklore for their art with dante gabriel rossetti contemporaneously regarded as the chief poet amongst them , although his sister christina is now held by scholars to be a stronger poet .
despite the best efforts of the doom patrol , the brotherhood members were killed and the painting that ate paris destroyed , presumably killing the members who had elected to remain there .
the child was placed in a monastery which had already come under the influence of the albigenses , where he was educated and made the acquaintance of the four other brothers who were later to be associated with him in the founding of the rosicrucian brotherhood .
bakbakan international is a brotherhood of martial artists from different disciplines
of course , the brotherhood and sisterhood were a family with most of the members re­lated in some way .
in the one year jump after " infinite crisis " , robin has returned to the teen titans , wonder girl has quit and has been fighting the brotherhood of evil .
the members of the brotherhood are sometimes called the ascended masters .
in june 1918 , a group of disgruntled ukrainian catholics met to create the ukrainian greek orthodox brotherhood , which became the ukrainian greek orthodox church of canada .
instead , they ensure that those that are given the opportunity to join the brotherhood , are equipped with the tools necessary to face the enormous challenges that phi rho eta fraternity , inc. has decided to address .
the group merged its insurance and financial services functions with the lutheran brotherhood to form thrivent financial for lutherans .
he was recruited by magneto as a mercenary and professional criminal to be part of his new brotherhood of evil mutants .
its leader , hassan al - banna , founded the muslim brotherhood as both a social - welfare organization and a political - activist movement .
the finnish brotherhood hall ( reused for various purposes ) stood nearby for roughly a century on 15th avenue west , but was eventually demolished .
together they developed the philosophy of the pre - raphaelite brotherhood , which they founded along with john everett millais .
as a legal political party the workers party accepted affiliation from independent socialist groups such as the african blood brotherhood , the jewish socialist federation and the workers ' council of the united states .
the aryan brotherhood is angered by this , as they hired tidd to murder said , and they make an attempt on said 's life in retaliation .
yehowists ( also yehowist - ilyinites , ilyinists , ilyintsy , jehovists , sect of the right - hand brotherhood , the message of zion , ) is a russian millenarian religious movement founded and led by retired army officer and religious thinker nikolai ilyin in the 1840s .
later , at a meeting of the local chapter of international brotherhood of jazz dancers , pastry chefs and nuclear technicians , carl announces that the newest contract requires the union to give up their dental plan in exchange for a free keg of beer for their meeting .
the song is an appeal for peace and brotherhood , presenting the polarity of love versus fear , and the choice to be made between them .
while most political parties and movements were banned for a long time in jordan , the brotherhood was exempted and allowed to operate by the jordanian monarchy .
according to the federal bureau of investigation , the mexican mafia had arranged for contract killings to be carried out by the aryan brotherhood , a white prison gang .
after freedom force 's dissolution , the blob participates in other versions of the brotherhood , including one led by toad and another led by professor x ; the blob takes over as leader of the latter when xavier leaves .
it is also starred kirk acevedo as latino inmate miguel alvarez , edie falco as correctional officer diane wittlesey , rita moreno as prison counselor sister peter marie reimondo , tony musante as inmate and mafia boss nino schibetta , leon robinson as inmate jefferson keane , j.k. simmons as inmate and aryan brotherhood leader vernon schillinger , lee tergesen as new inmate tobias beecher , sean whitesell as cannibalistic inmate donald groves , dean winters as manipulative irish inmate ryan o'reily , and b.d. wong as the prison chaplain father ray mukada .
during almost 5 years in french prisons , he developed friendship in so far as brotherhood with other inmates who will later become the elite of a free algeria .
– zhang mentions that he hopes the film will have some contemporary relevance , and that , in the aftermath of the september 11 attacks ( which took place just before the movie was filmed ) the themes of universal brotherhood and " peace under heaven " may indeed be interpreted more globally , and taken to refer to peace in " the world . "
this was to be brotherhood of man 's final no.1 single .
from the new arrivals , other plast members were accepted into the vovkulaky brotherhood .
events of the festival include the brotherhood of the drum concert series , the ballard jazz walk , and new in 2008 , the jazz pancake brunch .
it described itself as an " esoteric brotherhood working toward the revitalization of the culture - soul of the european people " .
a young convert , he is seen as one of their weaker members and eventually targeted for execution by aryan brotherhood member james robson .
in its early beginnings , the founding fathers of omega delta sigma came together because they shared a common brotherhood , their service to the country .
this thought of brotherhood is not based upon sentiment , but upon the structure of the universe , in which everything is inextricably interconnected and cooperating with one and another .
originally founded in 1920 as an all - male organization to promote brotherhood in christ , became been co - educational in 1970 , welcoming all brothers and sisters from diverse creeds and origins .
the requirements were eliminated in 1991 , and all scouts now wear the world crest as a display of world brotherhood in scouting .
mr. nobody recruits several bizarrely - powered individuals to form the first brotherhood of dada : sleepwalk , who has vast strength only when sleepwalking ; frenzy , a large , garishly - dressed dyslexic jamaican man who can transform into a whirling cyclone ; fog , who can absorb humans into his being when in his gaseous form ; and the quiz , a japanese woman with " every super - power you 've never thought of . "
two main organisations are recognized by the french council of muslim faith ( cfcm ) : the " federation of the french muslims " ( " fédération des musulmans de france " ) with a majority of moroccan leaders , and the controversial " union of islamic organisations of france " ( " union des organisations islamiques de france " ) ( uoif ) , influenced by the islamist muslim brotherhood .
" brotherhood of the bat " features a future in which ra 's al ghul discovers the batcave following bruce wayne 's death , and outfits the league of assassins in variant batman costumes based on wayne 's rejected designs .
chaired by senator mcclellan and staffed by robert f. kennedy , the subcommittee ’s chief counsel , and other staff members , this special committee directed much of its attention to criminal influence over the international brotherhood of teamsters , most famously calling teamsters’ leaders dave beck and jimmy hoffa to testify .
cutler apparently leaves miguel alvarez as his sole beneficiary in his will , a surprise that baffles the aryan brotherhood .
when the brotherhood was reverted to adulthood and reorganized , unus teamed with the vanisher , blob , and mastermind and fought alongside the group against the champions .
according to rifqa 's attorney , john stemberger , hany saqr is a leader of the muslim brotherhood in the united states , and the center is affiliated with salah sultan , who was allegedly photographed with men designated as terrorist leaders by the u.s. government .
using his position and influence on rahmania brotherhood el - mokrani was able to overcome the dissension in his camp and retake bordj - bou - arreridj .
in 1517 he founded the brotherhood of st. sebastian and in 1526 he was chosen deutschmeister , the master of the german branch of the order .
the filipino people join the world in congratulating the united states of america for putting the first men on the moon , a triumphant milestone in the conquest of space which augurs greater achievements in the broadening of man ’s vision and the fulfillment of a larger destiny , within the framework of true human brotherhood and an enduring peace .
at some point , they started up the militant terrorist group , the brotherhood .
the international bear brotherhood flag was designed in 1995 by craig byrnes(va copyright 760 - 763 digital graphic by paul witzkoske for bear manufacturing ) .
brotherhood winery .
warp has fought the teen titans on different occasions , later resurfacing with the other brotherhood of evil members who were then called the society of sin .
brotherhood of the wolf .
destiny was simply referred to as the only member of the new brotherhood that mystique saw as a friend ; all the other members being male and prone to arguing amongst each other .
" the brotherhood of the bell " is a 1970 made - for - television movie produced by cinema center 100 productions and starring glenn ford .
villains included the immortality - seeking general immortus , the shapeshifting animal - vegetable - mineral man , and the brotherhood of evil led by the brain , an actual brain kept alive by technology .
likewise , the knights exemplar , using their bond of brotherhood ability , actually benefit when one of their unit dies .
he is one of the historians of the 1993 lucasville rebellion , when 450 lucasville prisoners , including an unlikely alliance of the aryan brotherhood and gangster disciples , rioted and took over the facility for 11 days .
the resistants , also known as mutant force are a fictional supervillain group in the marvel comics universe . they were originally the second incarnation of the brotherhood of evil mutants , but have become completely independent of the other incarnations of that group , except that they were originally gathered by magneto .
the second anime 's ( " fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood " ) events , however , follow the ones from the manga .
to promote and maintain good fellowship and brotherhood .
in the pre-1912 period gurdjieff went on his apocryphal voyage outlined in " meetings with remarkable men " where he comes upon a map of " pre - sand egypt " which leads him to study with an esoteric group , the alleged sarmoung brotherhood .
the jordanian brotherhood has formed its own political party , the islamic action front , which has the largest number of seats of any party in the jordanian parliament .
critics also refer to isna 's magazine and articles that quote individuals such as sayyid qutb , who according to the 11 commission report was a member of the muslim brotherhood whose writings inspired bin laden .
three new initiates were welcomed into the brotherhood , including thomas wright strange .
a group known as the brotherhood without banners , made up of the remnants of the party sent out by king 's hand eddard stark to bring justice to gregor clegane in the name of king robert , begins by acting as protectors of the smallfolk under the leadership of beric dondarrion and thoros of myr , before turning to carrying out reprisal attacks against any frey or bolton forces they encounter under the leadership of lady stoneheart , in retribution for the red wedding .
they created this brotherhood with the hope that men of any color or sexual preference could bond together for the greater of the community .
in the early 13th century , the people of szepes created their own religious organization called the " brotherhood of the 24 royal parish priests " , which received many privileges from the local provost .
elizabeth eleanor siddal ( 25 july 1829 – 11 february 1862 ) was an english artists ' model , poet and artist who was painted and drawn extensively by artists of the pre - raphaelite brotherhood , including walter deverell , william holman hunt , john everett millais ( including millais ' 1852 painting " ophelia " ) and most of dante gabriel rossetti 's early paintings of women .
he alleged that , using internal documents from whistleblowers , the muslim brotherhood infiltrated security personnel at charles de gaulle airport in paris .
in consultation with leaders of the muslim brotherhood and islamic teachers and administrators , who were the strongest supporters of his regime , bashir proclaimed a new philosophy of education .
beginnings of the brotherhood .
in his capacity as a high official in the international brotherhood of teamsters , sheeran was a leading figure in the corruption of unions by organized crime .
in both " x - men legends " & ' , the danger room is used by the x - men ( and the brotherhood in legends ii ) for training and gaining levels , items , new powers , and rare character exclusive equipment .
he recruited italians , frenchmen , scandinavians , and slavs into the international brotherhood , also called the alliance of revolutionary socialists .
in the mid-1980s , the aryan league , an alliance between the aryan brotherhood and public enemy no.1 , formed .
hunt 's autobiography ' ( 1905 ) was written to correct other literature about the origins of the brotherhood , which in his view did not adequately recognise his own contribution .
the fraternity was founded as the idea of 7 individuals who came together as one group to further their ideas of brotherhood based on the belief that each person 's differences should be accepted .
a small group of irish republican brotherhood ( irb ) conspirators within the irish volunteers movement were also planning a rising .
vlogbrothers after brotherhood 2.0 .
since then , the brotherhood has ceased to be an active political force inside syria , but it retains a network of support in the country , of unknown strength , and has external headquarters in london and cyprus .
contois became active in manitoba 's aboriginal politics during the 1960s , and at different times worked for the manitoba indian brotherhood , the western regional tribal council , the pine creek first nation and the waterhen first nation .
he remained on the team for some time , but often showed frustration with being treated as a junior member by his teammates , even after playing a role in the defeat of vanisher and mystique 's brotherhood of mutants when they infiltrated banshee 's x - corps .
islamist insurgents rose in saudi arabia ( the 1979 week - long takeover of the grand mosque ) , egypt ( the 1981 machine - gunning of the egyptian president sadat ) , syria ( the muslim brotherhood rebellion in hama ) , and lebanon ( the 1983 bombing of the american embassy and french and american peace - keeping troops ) .
aleister crowley regarded the great white brotherhood as a real organization , and mentions them in his book " magick " , which provides a diagram of their sigil .
he was sworn by thomas macdonagh into the oath - bound irish republican brotherhood , which secretly controlled the central executive of the volunteers .
the confrérie des vignerons ( brotherhood of winegrowers ) organises the winegrowers ' festival ( " fête des vignerons " ) four or five times each century ( one per generation ) to celebrate its wine - growing traditions and culture .
shrines to bralm are built at the mouth of every new mine in the empire of the scarlet brotherhood .
william morris ( 1834 - 1896 ) was for a time a member of the pre - raphaelite brotherhood and was influenced by their ideals and those of john ruskin .
the new name " ukrainians " began to be accepted by galician ukrainophiles around the 1890s , under the influence of mykola kostomarov and the brotherhood of saints cyril and methodius in central ukraine .
on formation , young candidates for the priesthood are trained in the divine word formation center in davao city while seminarians for brotherhood are form in the freinademetz formation house in cebu city .
in 1332 , at the campo de arriaga the " cofradía " ( " brotherhood " ) formally recognized the royal seigneury over treviño and its surrounding territories .
in october 2008 , the 25th issue of " the amazing spider - girl " featured a back - up strip revealing how kaine fought against the brotherhood of the goblin , infiltrated norman 's mansion , and recovered an infant mayday , who was being cared for by the father of fury the goblin queen , who was also present at the mansion that day as a young child .
feral appears in the house of m as a member of the strike - force known as the brotherhood .
the younger members are receiving the training and competence to serve as the future leaders of the brotherhood , community , and nation .
scholars agree that most of brentner 's music was first performed in tepla under wilfert 's direction , excepting his funeral motets , which were written specifically for the brotherhood of st. nicholas church in prague .
michael thompson ( aryan brotherhood ) .
jeffrey rockwell cudlip ' 90 memorial award - this award is given to the member of the brotherhood from the most recent pledge class who contributed the most to the fraternity as a pledge .
he later reappears as a member of the brotherhood in the ultimates vol .
it should be noted that burdette 's body language in a certain in - game cut scene suggested that he may not actually have been a member of the brotherhood of nod , and instead was coerced in some way .
in the mean time , hank schillinger , son of aryan brotherhood leader vernon schillinger , beats a murder charge for killing the son of tobias beecher .
used by the earliest u.s labor unions such as the american federation of labor and other pre - cursors to the modern afl - cio , the motto continues to be a traditional and defining statement of purpose on contemporary labor union emblems including the international union of operating engineers and the united brotherhood of carpenters and joiners of america .
master beinsa douno and the universal white brotherhood do not participate on principle in any government institutions or political units .
to dream the dream of brotherhood , the bond of harmony ,
in 1982 the regime of syrian president hafez al - assad was on the point of being overwhelmed by the countrywide insurgency of the muslim brotherhood .
their male counterpart is known as the brotherhood of the sword .
joseph fort newton , in " the builders " , offers a simple definition of the landmarks as : " the fatherhood of god , the brotherhood of man , the moral law , the golden rule , and the hope of life everlasting . "
as a composer pukwana wrote " mra , " one of the best - loved tunes by the brotherhood .
the avengers found hawkeye and tigra had been sent to the same dimension and , reunited , the team was sent back to earth by the brotherhood .
according to the " historia " , he was opposed by a " brotherhood " ( " germanitas " ) led by the knight arias pérez and diego gelmírez , who had known each other since childhood .
the na 's sister group , the wolf 's hook white brotherhood , has ceased to exist , with most of its membership transferring to the racial volunteer force .
working with will , a lowly yet friendly street urchin , and lord wigmere , a powerful and knowledgeable man ( head of the brotherhood of the chosen keepers ) , she must work to return the heart to its rightful resting place ... before it 's too late .
ironically , the muslim brotherhood in egypt and in europe has not embraced his vision of armed jihad , something for which they have been denounced by more radical islamists .
the seven were accused of membership of the irish republican brotherhood , and were held in sydney ’s darlinghurst gaol for several months .
artemis also found himself working briefly with forces of the arcane brotherhood , assigned the task by the wizard , dendybar the mottled .
there are also diaspora branches in several western nations and in south and east asia , composed by immigrants previously active in the brotherhood in their home countries .
with the muslim brotherhood scattered , the population was so cowed that it would years before opposition groups would dare disobey the regime again and , van creveld argues , the massacre most likely saved the regime and prevented a bloody civil war .
kappa psi kappa constantly endeavors to participate in a multitude of community service projects for a range of different communities while fellowshipping in brotherhood .
dykes was a former shreveport " young man of the year " , a member of the centenary college hall of fame , and was cited for outstanding service and brotherhood by the national conference of christians and jews .
during the 1948 arab - israeli war , the egyptian muslim brotherhood battled jewish forces in the neighborhood .
influenced by the pre - raphaelite brotherhood , they had recourse to medieval and religious art topics .
in 1110 a truce between pedro and the brotherhood was broken when the former took over the south galician fortress of castrelo de miño and installed a garrison there under his wife urraca and the young alfonso .
casement traveled to germany by way of the united states , shortly after the outbreak of world war i , with the aid of the irish republican brotherhood and the " clan na gael " .
the brotherhood under mubarak , 1981-present .
this in turn led to a novelty tie - in single , " milky milky ( take me to the fridge ) " released as " mr strange and the lactose brotherhood " in 1992 , as well as punt and dennis ' tour of that year being named " the milky milky tour " .
although it has never been revealed when and how the singh brotherhood started , it is known that they have existed for many centuries .
in " archie finds a friend " , mr. bernstein asks archie how he celebrates brotherhood week , and archie glibly responds that , as he is an only child , he does not celebrate it ; however , later episodes feature archie 's younger brother fred bunker .
riggi started his career in 2008 in the tv series " brotherhood " as jared , before moving onto screenwork such as the independent films dare and toe to toe .
it is a day of forgiveness , moral victory , peace of congregation , fellowship , brotherhood and unity .
he joined the anabaptist brotherhood in 1533 and became an elder in 1534 .
it has been referenced in the novel don quixote , wherein sancho panza suggests it to be a refuge from the holy brotherhood after don quixote frees a group of galley slaves .
this is contested by another contributor , who points out that the genesis of the brotherhood was a rag - tag crew of very young street toughs in compton , california - in a poor neighborhood - who in the course of smoking multiple kinds of vegetation and swallowing random available pills for recreational purposes , accidentally encountered lsd .
there he became a member of the muslim brotherhood .
together they formed the brotherhood of brass .
the brotherhood was supposedly founded by a man named emmanuel goldstein , one of the members of the original inner circle of the party just below big brother himself .
brotherhood of light ( sf ) was formed in 1968 as a collective group of lighting and multimedia specialists .
he was a member of the greek brotherhood of venice from 1577–1582 , having been in venice since 1574 .
the name was derived from the greek letters beta ( β ) and sigma ( σ ) which stands for " brotherhood of scholars " . "
the leader of the brotherhood of the cruciform sword is kemal , a hatayan secret agent who allies with the nazis because he wants the grail for the glory of his country .
in december 2009 mission australia together with the benevolent society , the brotherhood of st laurence and social ventures australia were successful in bidding for close to 700 centres of the former abc childcare business established by eddy groves .
goron culture revolves around brotherhood and strength , usually referring to each other and those they deem strong as " brother . "
spencer has expressed strong criticism of the council on american - islamic relations as well as numerous other muslim advocacy groups , in particular relating to their alleged close ties with jihadist organisations such as the muslim brotherhood and their employment of several muslims who were later convicted on charges relating to terrorism .
bishop svend was a strong supporter of king valdemar i. it is named in history for the first time in 1176 when bishop of viborg , niels established a ' brotherhood agreement between st. peter 's and the chapter at viborg cathedral .
it was originally built by architect piotr barbon for merchant konstanty korniakt , a champion of greek orthodoxy and co - founder of the lviv dormition brotherhood .
in tad williams ' " otherland " novels , the grail brotherhood , a group made up of the most affluent people in the world , attempt to achieve eternal life in virtual reality .
their most widely known title , " fallout tactics : brotherhood of steel " was published by interplay and was a squad based tactical game based on the fallout ( video game ) universe , and achieved scores between 80 and 90 from reviewers and fans alike ..
the pre - raphaelite brotherhood was a group of english painters , poets , and critics , founded in 1848 by william holman hunt , john everett millais and dante gabriel rossetti .
he had a very active practice working with and for labor unions , eventually becoming active in businesses which were owned by the brotherhood of locomotive engineers .
his father vern schillinger is an inmate who runs the aryan brotherhood within oz .
conversely , the brotherhood of nod ending used the song " destructible times " written by klepacki 's local band , i am .
at this time when the world needs the ideal of brotherhood more than ever before in the history of the world , it is our privilege and destiny to do all we can to bring about this ideal in our own lives first , and thus to spread it in the world .
colossus was later almost killed in a battle with mystique 's brotherhood of evil mutants , when he was doused with liquid - nitrogen after pyro had turned his metal form white hot , but was saved by a combination of rogue and the morlock healer .
the brotherhood was a centerpiece of the award - winning documentary " changing habits " by sara needham .. ministries of the community have been the subject of local press reports in chattanooga and yonkers .
he was active in gaa circles in early life , and ultimately joined the irish republican brotherhood .
in theosophy , and similar religions the deities called the great white brotherhood , are said to have white auras .
saint herman of alaska brotherhood , platina , ca , 2000 ) .
as expert swordsmen reinforced with blessed armour and holy weaponry , they are an elite brotherhood .
jordan encouraged the greeks to open the brotherhood to arab members of the community between 1948 and 1967 when the west bank was under jordan .
while working in mining camps in the us , he became a member of a revolutionary group called the fenian brotherhood , intent on overthrowing the english control in ireland .
safety and security advocacies are spearheaded by such groups as the guardians brotherhood philippines , inc. ( gbpi ) , and a number of neighborhood security associations .
the best of the secular clergy even enrolled themselves in his brotherhood , which in due course was approved by the pope .
some members were indeed aligned with the movement and associated with the irish republican brotherhood in his autobiography " the life story of an old rebel " , nationalist john denvir claimed volunteers from ireland had insisted they joined the 64th with the intent of " learning and perfecting themselves in the use of arms " .
this disturbed stephens but he went ahead regardless and that evening , st. patrick 's day , the irish republican brotherhood commenced .
the members are linked together by a bond of brotherhood for mutual co - operation in the pursuit of a specific object of religion or charity by means of prayer , example , and counsel .
blue dog anchorite informs the others that otherland was specially commissioned by a cryptic organisation known as the " grail brotherhood " , comprising some of the world 's wealthiest and most powerful men and women , and that he is the only surviving member of the team who devised otherland 's security , his colleagues having died in unusual circumstances .
the " gospel advocate " has long been very influential in the churches of christ and was , during much of the twentieth century , the most influential journal within the brotherhood , helping to shape consensus views .
prior to his election as the member for bentleigh , he worked at the brotherhood of st laurence , and was the director of the victorian council of social services .
members of the brotherhood 's secret apparatus started to carry out attacks on britons as well as on egyptian police stations , and continued to do so over the next few years .
one of these young black writers observed of hughes , " langston set a tone , a standard of brotherhood and friendship and cooperation , for all of us to follow .
showing significant parallels between the word malakas and the word ' nigga ' used by some african americans between each other giving them a sense of friendship or brotherhood .
fraternity brother a. phillip randolph , who organized the brotherhood of sleeping car porters , played a role in the amendments to the railway labor act in 1934 .
enough has the serbian people been a slave to brotherhood and unity , avnojist , tito 's yugoslavia , and even the dreams of aleksandar karađorđević to fix yugoslavia . " or " it 's time to once and for all establish the firmest border possible with croatia , but it will be a border a lot more just and realistic than the existing one that was drawn - up by bolshevik map makers " .
