the canonical gospel accounts in the new testament do not explicitly name either of mary 's parents , but some argue that the genealogy in luke 3 is that of mary rather than joseph , thereby naming her father as eli ( heli ) .
this argument is supported by the fact that many of the derivational morphemes that form denominal verbs work almost identically to canonical noun incorporation .
ordination of the clergy ultimately drifted far from canonical norms , breaking apostolic succession , and various muslim sources claim that concubinage and fornication among the clergy was extremely widespread .
alexander ogonowskiego to live in lowell and the canonical mission to organize and establish a polish - american church .
while not always considered canonical to the " a nightmare on elm street " film series , nancy returned in the " nightmares on elm street " six issue comic book series published by innovation comics in 1991 .
the following is a list of recurring fictional characters that appeared throughout the " metal gear " series in more than one canonical installment .
she is a canonical name of brazilian modernism , one of the great female poets in the portuguese language , and is widely considered the best poetess from brazil , though she rightly combatted the word " poetess " because of gender discrimination .
canonical issues .
this set of representatives is rather artificial , and teichmüller suggested the more canonical set consisting of 0 together with the " p " − 1st roots of 1 : in other words , the " p " roots of
in computer vision and image processing , the notion of scale - space representation and gaussian derivative operators is regarded as a canonical multi - scale representation .
canonical sources .
based on canonical catalogues and biographies such as sengyou 's chu sanzang jiji ( 出三藏記集 t2145 ) and the wei annals , it has been possible to reconstruct an outline of dharmakṣema 's life and career .
rosa also found that the canonical history sought to minimize or conceal the political stances of manuel belgrano , presenting him instead only as a military leader .
note : this is a humor story depicting celestial youth , an inconsistency with celestial full - grown birth as seen in " the mighty thor " # 424 , and appears to be non - canonical .
like several of his contemporaries ( ricardo piglia , césar aira , roberto bolaño ) , saer 's work often builds on particular and highly codified genres , such as detective fiction ( " the investigation " ) , colonial encounters ( " the witness " ) , travelogues ( " el rio sin orillas " ) , or canonical modern writers ( e.g. proust , in " la mayor " , or joyce , in " sombras sobre vidrio esmerilado " ) .
in order to design a service inventory where all services are interoperable with each other so that they can be composed into different solutions , the application of the canonical protocol pattern dictates standardizing the communication protocols used by the services .
each canonical office begins and ends with a " qawmo " , a set of prayers that includes the lord 's prayer .
jesus ' baptism figures into non - canonical accounts and into some beliefs considered heretical by orthodox christianity .
a term is first " interpreted " into a denotational model of the λ-term structure , and then a canonical ( β-normal and η-long ) representative is extracted by " reifying " the denotation .
" he castigated now - canonical artists such as shakespeare , goethe and wagner for failing to express the ' simple truths ' about morality ( as he saw them ) , opting instead to show off their poetic cleverness .
the community of christ , formerly known as the reorganized church of jesus christ of latter day saints ( rlds ) , has not accepted the book of abraham as canonical .
cultural anthropology and social anthropology were developed around ethnographic research and their canonical texts which are mostly ethnographies : e.g. " argonauts of the western pacific " ( 1922 ) by bronisław malinowski , " coming of age in samoa " ( 1928 ) by margaret mead , " the nuer " ( 1940 ) by e. e. evans - pritchard , or " naven " ( 1936 , 1958 ) by gregory bateson .
this primacy , expressed in canonical literature as " presbeia " ( " prerogatives " ) , grants to the ecumenical patriarch the right to preside at pan - orthodox synods .
except when otherwise noted , most of the stories in the monthly series ' are considered canon , even though some have tales of batman in the future , which are deemed non - canonical .
the orthodox christian fellowship or ocf is the official campus a ministry of the standing conference of the canonical orthodox bishops in the americas ( scoba ) .
similar groups include : public ivies , southern ivies , and the little ivies , among others , none of which have canonical definitions .
locally all pure spinors can be written in the same form , depending on an integer " k " , the b - field 2-form " b " , a nondegenerate symplectic form ω and a " k "- form ω. in a local neighborhood of any point a pure spinor φ which generates the canonical bundle may always be put in the form
like the other canonical hours , lauds is observed by christians in other denominations , notably those of the anglican communion .
4 the canonical day at the time was called the divine office which were prayers and worship services at set times during the day .
religious centres , spiritual administrations and other religious organizations elected at such congresses and conferences have administrative jurisdiction only over the religious ( canonical ) activities of religious associations .
the path integral now resembles the partition function of statistical mechanics defined in a canonical ensemble with temperature formula_109 .
this is the most ancient canonical text that speaks of the custom of lay communion .
a few portions of the canonical gospels would seem to give evidence that james and his brothers were not followers of yahshua prior to the resurrection ; john 7:5 mentions such unbelief explicitly .
in 1905 , pope pius x gave his approbation to the canonical establishment of the guild at westminster cathedral and in 1906 , the sacred congregation of rites made the guild an archconfraternity prima primaria enabling all the parish branches to be linked with it .
for the vector field " a " * on " e " corresponding to the canonical generator " a " of formula_41 .
the canonical example is the slashdot effect .
canonical issues .
the armenian apostolic church at times has included the third epistle to the corinthians , but does not always list it with the other 27 canonical new testament books .
among its critics are those who read it as including canonical examples of irredeemably sexist writing ( katherine kroger and kate millet , for example ) .
taipei 101 is also home to a canonical office .
this article lists characters of star trek in their various canonical incarnations .
the eminent lives series is harper collins ' series of " brief biographies by distinguished authors on canonical figures . "
major " literary " historians include herodotus , thucydides and procopius , all of whom count as canonical literary figures .
thus , sfrp1 is most likely the hedgehog target to confine canonical wnt signaling within stem or progenitor cells .
one can associate to any hamiltonian non - autonomous system an equivalent hamiltonian autonomous system on the cotangent bundle formula_13 of formula_14 coordinated by formula_15 and provided with the canonical symplectic form ; its hamiltonian is formula_16 .
she was three months short of her 20th birthday , and had yet 6 months to complete her canonical novitiate and to be legally able to make her religious vows .
the canonical regulations of the orthodox church state that the antidoron should be consumed before leaving the church , and that it should not be distributed to unbelievers or to persons undergoing penance before absolution , but variances are allowed .
canonical pertaining to society of jesus , he was one of the authors in controversy with galileo galilei on the nature of the comets .
it was not accepted as canonical by the mahasanghika school and several other schools .
canonical is registered in the isle of man and employs staff around the world , along with its main offices in london , support office in montreal and oem team in lexington , massachusetts , usa and taipei , taiwan .
in a similar way the confederation of canons regular of st. augustine , elects an abbot primate as figurehead of the confederation and indeed the whole canonical order .
this article touches upon only those parts of the canonical legislation which may seem in any way to individualize the discipline of the church in the united states or depict the peculiar needs and difficulties of its nascent period .
the mao school became the canonical school of " book of songs " commentary after the han dynasty .
currently , the eparchy has 89 parishes under its canonical jurisdiction .
the national catholic war council was a voluntary organization with no canonical status .
the events of the story were of course non - canonical , and conflict with what was established about zefram cochrane , his first warp flight , and first contact with the vulcans , in the 1996 film ' .
grand canonical ensemble .
nevertheless , because of " fight club"s usage , non - projectionists have begun to use the term , mistakenly thinking that it is canonical .
any choice of basis determines an isomorphism by sending the basis onto the canonical one for ( f"x")0 .
opposition to sergius 's declaration was based not only on his political concessions , but also on canonical and theological disagreements .
the theory of the canonical oscillator was devised to explain the profit cycle in lloyd 's of london insurance business .
this perspective is generalized by the linear canonical transformation , which generalizes the fractional fourier transform and allows linear transforms of the time - frequency domain other than rotation .
according to the tv special " snoopy 's reunion " , their names are molly and rover ; however , their appearance is not considered canonical in the comic strip .
25,4 religion ( pre - constantinian christianity : life and environment jesu ; new will [ canonical writings and apokryphen ] [ continuation ] ) , hrsg v./ed by wolfgang haase ( berlin & new york : walter de gruyter & co. , 1987 ) , xii + pp . 2649–3618 .
the resistance began after metropolitan sergiy ( stragorodskiy ) issued formal declaration to all members of the church , called for loyalty toward the soviet government : “ … " we need to prove it by not words but deeds that not only those indifferent to the orthodoxy , not only its betrayers can be loyal citizens of the soviet union but also its most fervent adherents for whom it is as dear as the truth and life with all its dogmas and traditions , all its canonical and service ways .
a canonical structure that is lower in energy makes a relatively greater contribution to the resonance hybrid , or the actual picture of the molecule .
during the post crisis era no mention is made of lew moxon - therefore moxon 's canonical status during this time is uncertain .
in the next canonical discourse , the buddha described the minimal negative consequences of breaking the precepts .
canonical releases new versions of ubuntu every six months and supports ubuntu for eighteen months by providing security fixes , patches to critical bugs and minor updates to programs .
putin took an active personal part in promoting the act of canonical communion with the moscow patriarchate signed 17 may 2007 that restored relations between the moscow - based russian orthodox church and russian orthodox church outside russia after the 80-year schism .
the commission noted that his suspension was accompanied by a prohibition not only to be in the altar , but also to be in the church itself , which seems unthinkable from a canonical viewpoint . ' ' the conflict between the diocesan leadership and archpriest andrei teterin developed in a written form .
commissioned by the ducal family of ksani in the reign of king george iii of georgia in 1172 , ikort’a is the earliest in a series of the 12th-13th - century churches of georgia that set a final canonical model of a georgian domed church .
the monks sent to godwin , in whose earldom they were , and informed him of the canonical election of ælfric and begged him to use his influence in behalf of his kinsman .
the coptic church refused to recognize the removal of patriarch abune tewophilos , and declared that as far as the church of egypt was concerned , he remained the canonical patriarch of ethiopia .
the products differ in how equality between sets of open rectangles ( = the canonical base for the product topology ) is defined : equality for the topological product means the same set of points is covered ;
due to the lack of canonical homosexual relationships in source media at the time , some came to see slash fiction as being exclusively outside of canon .
gainax has several other angels appearing in non - canonical " evangelion "- related titles .
his two letters , lost by the diocese before the canonical investigation which lead to the recognition of the miracle by mgr waffelaert in 1908 , will only be found again in 1956 .
in the non - canonical gnostic gospel of thomas , peter says to jesus : " tell mary to leave us , " for women are not worthy of life . "
the authenticity of this parable has been attacked on the grounds that jesus would not use a parable that glorifies murder , and because of its use of the phrase " the kingdom of the father " which is not found in the canonical gospels
the mapping formula_20 is a semigroup homomorphism , called the quotient map , canonical surjection or projection ; if s is a monoid then quotient semigroup is a monoid with identity formula_21 .
the patriarachate of moscow thereby renounced its former canonical claims in the united states and canada ; it also acknowledged an autonomous church established in japan that same year .
the canonical example is the linked list .
the three characteristics typical of the " third quest " are an interest in the social history , a jewish context for jesus ( especially restoration eschatology ) , and attention paid to non - canonical sources .
canonical coronation .
define relations between the new generalized coordinates formula_34 and the old canonical coordinates formula_49 .
canon # 85 is this list of canonical books : a 46-book old testament canon which essentially corresponds to that of the septuagint , 26 books of what is now the new testament ( excludes revelation ) , the didache , two epistles of clement , and the apostolic constitutions themselves , also here attributed to clement , at least as compiler .
when it declared devoid of canonical effect the consecration ceremony conducted by archbishop pierre martin ngô đình thục for the carmelite order of the holy face group at midnight of 31 december 1975 , the holy see refrained from pronouncing on its validity .
sylvester called the singular values the " canonical multipliers " of the matrix " a " .
for confession , the canonical age is seven , the age of reason , when a child is nominally supposed to be capable of mortal sin and being bound by the law of annual confession .
" stoichiometry " is derived from the greek words " στοιχεῖον " ( " stoicheion " , meaning element ] ) and " μέτρον " ( " metron " , meaning measure . ) in patristic greek , the word " stoichiometria " was used by nicephorus to refer to the number of line counts of the canonical new testament and some of the apocrypha .
the canonical commutator is invariant only if " t " is chosen to be anti - unitary , i.e. , " tit−1 " = −"1 " .
although the themes , events and characters of the arthurian legend varied widely from text to text , and there is no one canonical version , geoffrey 's version of events often served as the starting point for later stories .
recently ( 2009 ) the archdiocese of vancouver , canada , began a canonical investigation into the cure of a man ravaged by a flesh - eating disease .
on january 19 , 1951 brother mathias founded the congregation of the little brothers of the good shepherd ( bgs ) , a roman catholic pontifical institute of religious brothers , whose members profess the canonical , public vows of chastity , poverty and obedience .
kennedy has appeared in 21 canonical buffyverse appearances
it has been proposed , and is thought highly likely by scholars , that " esdras b " - the canonical ezra - nehemiah - is theodotion 's version of this material , and " esdras a " is the version which was previously in the septuagint on its own .
in fandom and fanfiction , ! is used to signify a defining quality in a character , usually signifying an alternate interpretation of a character from a canonical work .
the statement of kunihiko kodaira 's result is that if " m " is a compact kähler manifold of complex dimension " n " , " l " any holomorphic line bundle on " m " that is a positive line bundle , and formula_1 is the canonical line bundle , then
with the canonical embedding of formula_127 in formula_128 , the normal bundle formula_129 to formula_127 is a line bundle .
the sum over histories method gives identical results to canonical quantum mechanics , and sinha and sorkin ( see the reference below ) claim the interpretation explains the einstein - podolsky - rosen paradox without resorting to nonlocality .
the canonical gei model was formulated by radner in the early 1970 ’s in a paper which also pointed up one of the fundamental puzzles about models with incomplete markets : the possible loss of dimensionality in the span of the asset payoffs as prices vary .
bethune 's standing as a bishop known for his piety and independence of the king helped persuade maurice that the homage was canonical .
the " canonical basis " formula_30 is obtained in a similar way .
on january 15 , 2010 hasbro stated the devil 's due continuity was no longer canonical : " fans can read it according to their personal preference , but we are currently taking the brand in a direction that does not take the devil ’s due story into account . "
when formula_2 is a grassmann valued field , or equivalently an operator with canonical anticommutation relations , the field describes identical fermions .
andrew has been in 41 canonical buffyverse appearances .
the canonical bundle of formula_3 is trivial ,
in complex analysis , a branch of mathematics , a generalized continued fraction is a generalization of regular continued fractions in canonical form in which the partial numerators and the partial denominators can assume arbitrary real or complex values .
atoms in a canonical s - expression are encoded as length - prefixed byte strings .
although it was canonical , that scene was rarely used in the byzantine iconography .
another webcomic , established early 2009 by ' the owl , ' features random skits as well as a canonical storyline about this meme .
this is called the partition function of the canonical ensemble . specifying this dependence of " z " on the energies " e"i conveys the same mathematical information as specifying the form of " p"i above .
" clear and present danger " is a novel by tom clancy , written in 1989 , and is a canonical part of the ryanverse .
the categories of literature which exist are enormous , including documents such as business and legal records , religious texts , canonical literary texts ( for example , the epic of gilgamesh ) , historical inscriptions of rulers , personal letters , as well as music , mathematical . and pseudo - scientific texts ( omen series ) .
max-3sat is a canonical complete problem for the complexity class maxsnp ( shown complete in papadimitriou pg .
pinong was granted a papal dispensation to be ordained below the canonical age of 24 .
because of the extremely unorthodox method it used to obtain a hierarchy , and its disrespect for some established canonical principles , this church was never acknowledged by any other orthodox church .
this series was poorly received and has been supplanted by the current comic book series , " gargoyles " , written by greg weisman himself and published by slave labor graphics as canonical .
let " βm " be the canonical homomorphism of " bm " into " b " .
enriques surfaces give examples of complex manifolds that have ricci - flat metrics , but their canonical bundles are not trivial so they are calabi – yau manifolds according to the second but not the first definition above .
the word " canonical " refers actually to a certain structure of the classical theory ( called the symplectic structure ) that is preserved in the quantum theory , up to ħ - deformation
with the benefit of hindsight it can be said that this process effectively set the new testament canon , although there are examples of other canonical lists in use after this time .
the rule of st. benedict employed the term ; and walafridus strabo notes that , while st. benedict styled the hymns to be used in the canonical hours ambrosianos , the term is to he understood as referring to hymns composed either by st. ambrose or by others who followed his form ; and , remarking further that many hymns were wrongly supposed to be his , thinks it incredible that he should have composed " some of them , which have no logical coherence and exhibit an awkwardness alien to the style of ambrose " .
professor ivan žužek sj is a jesuit canonical theologian .
rigveda , one of the four canonical sacred texts of hinduism says ' vikruti evam prakriti ' ( perversity / diversity is what nature is all about , or , what seems un - natural is also natural ) , which some scholars believe recognizes the cyclical constancy of homosexual / transsexual dimensions of human life , like all forms of universal diversities ..
non - canonical oz works by the " royal historians " .
some writers maintain this division was owing to the establishment of ecclesiastical benefices ; others claim that it followed the canonical recognition of the private ownership of churches .
so tense was the situation that , for the first time , the canonical daily prayers were neglected by the muslim community .
in 1834 , monseigneur signay decreed the canonical establishment of the parish .
when vaughan first pitched " pride & joy " to marvel , they immediately accepted it and set " runaways " in the marvel universe , the main string of story lines that ties marvel 's canonical series .
canonical issues .
a 2010 study suggested that " both " equations are correct , with abraham version being the kinetic momentum and minkowski version being canonical momentum and claims to explain the contradicting experimental results using this approach .
the first canonical recognition of the community was granted by cardinal siri in 1979 .
the establishing of a " canonical text " may involve an editorial selection from biblical manuscript traditions with varying interdependence .
if formula_63 is a cofinal sequence ( i.e. , any normal subgroup of finite index contains some formula_78 ) , then this completion is canonical in the sense that it is isomorphic to the inverse limit of formula_79 , where formula_63 varies over " all " normal subgroups of finite index .
the canonical one - form restricted to this sphere forms a contact structure ; the contact structure may be used to generate the geodesic flow for this metric .
this was determined by canonical decision and did not entail hegemony of any one local church or patriarchate over the others .
likewise , if formula_23 is the trivial bundle formula_120 , then there exists a canonical diffeomorphism between formula_102 and formula_122
canonical issues .
as early as august , 1988 , bishop josef stimpfle of augsburg announced that he would accept a canonical establishment in wigratzbad .
it is thus often excluded from " canonical " lists of asterix volumes with the subsequently published " obelix and co. " typically being listed as the " official " twenty - third volume .
in the canonical exact cover problem , " p " is a collection formula_1 of subsets of " x " , " q " is the set " x " , " r " is the binary relation " contains " between subsets and elements , and " r " -1 restricted to " q " × " p * " is the function " is contained in " from elements to selected subsets .
the formal language generated by a post canonical system is the set whose elements are the initial words together with all words obtainable from them by repeated application of the production rules .
caingin , taal luwasan , taal hulo , tambubong and batia , under the canonical jurisdiction of the diocese of malolos .
" canonical erection " is the approval of the proper ecclesiastical authority which gives the organization a legal existence .
where formula_48 is known as the partition function for the canonical ensemble .
unfortunately , it is difficult to find many canonical statements about the hist in game lore .
this in summary causes an inhibition on the exocitaton of the canonical neurotransmitter released by the presynaptic neuron , which causes a final depression on the activity of the postsynaptic neuron .
wrch1 was identified in 2001 as encoded by a non - canonical wnt induced gene .
in frank miller 's non - canonical " the dark knight returns " , the role of robin is filled by carrie kelly , a thirteen year old girl .
the hilbert matrices are canonical examples of ill - conditioned matrices , making them notoriously difficult to use in numerical computation .
pushforward of the canonical ( liouville ) measure on a symplectic manifold under the moment map is a piecewise polynomial measure .
canonical territories of some eastern catholic churches , as in the case of the syro - malabar catholic church and the syro - malankara catholic church , may overlap geographically , but are distinct with regard to the faithful involved .
canonical ” mark would have been written sometime thereafter , but before clement wrote his letter to theodore .
these texts were not universally considered canonical until the church reviewed , edited , accepted and ratified them in 368 ad .
he is considered the pioneer of dutch cinema , and one of his movies was recently elected as one of only sixteen " canonical dutch movies . "
to pass from these limiting examples to the general case , observe that a singular proposition " s " : b"k " → b can be given canonical expression as a conjunction of literals , formula_18 .
motion as a canonical transformation .
among further traditions not present in the four canonical gospels are the birth of jesus in a cave , the martyrdom of john the baptist 's father zachariah during the slaughter of the infants and joseph 's being elderly when jesus was born .
the etymologies discuss the languages quenya and sindarin ( as they 're known in the lord of the rings and other " canonical " books ; called " noldorin " at this stage ) .
by taking the highest exterior power , one gets that the canonical sheaf formula_6 .
he emerges victorious , but it is unknown whether life or death of the leader is canonical .
canonical ring .
they had in fact been executed , and as wolff later described , he was only spared death himself because the emir laughed uncontrollably at wolff 's appearance in full canonical garb .
classical tibetan refers to the language of any text written in tibetan after the old tibetan period and before the modern period , but in particular refers to the language of early canonical texts translated from other languages , especially sanskrit .
english - speaking fans usually use the non - canonical term " inner senshi " for the first group .
it is possible to choose a " canonical " decomposition into pieces with geometric structure , for example by first cutting the manifold into prime pieces in a minimal way , then cutting these up using the smallest possible number of tori .
where formula_53 refers to a ( many - body ) eigenstate of the grand - canonical hamiltonian formula_54 , with eigenvalue formula_55 .
the levi decomposition expresses an arbitrary lie algebra as a semidirect sum of its solvable radical and a semisimple lie algebra , almost in a canonical way .
mcconnell 's basic argument was that kenyon got his doctrine from these non - canonical sources , kenneth hagin got his doctrine from kenyon by plagiarizing it , and thus the entire word of faith movement was built on a heretical theology .
a form of the " epistle " 850 lines long is noted in the latin list of canonical works in the 6th century " codex claromontanus " .
the task of summing over states ( calculating the partition function ) appears to be simpler if we do not fix the total number of particles of the system because , for a noninteracting system , the partition function of grand canonical ensemble can be converted to a product of the partition functions of individual " modes " .
the basic theory of cyclotomic fields informs us that there is a canonical isomorphism
the usual examples are liturgical horary prayer , the canonical hours of the priest , or an office of the " breviary " .
on 17 december 2009 mark announced that , effective march of 2010 , he would step down as ceo of canonical to focus energy on product design , partnership and customers .
this isomorphism is not canonical , however .
his canonical law ( or the " kanuns " ) fixed the form of the empire for centuries after his death .
by the end of the century the form had become canonical .
snappea is also able to check if two " closed " hyperbolic 3-manifolds are isometric by drilling out short geodesics to create cusped hyperbolic 3-manifolds and then using the canonical decomposition as before .
although our missions are not canonical parishes , yet it is the desire of the bishops to conform as much as possible to the discipline of the universal church in this matter .
the next canonical function , u2 and v2 are then restricted so that they are uncorrelated with u1 and v1 .
is an isomorphism , and for all objects " a " , the canonical map formula_2 is an isomorphism .
however , ford uses elements from the marc okrand - developed klingonese ( which became the canonical klingon language ) mixed with ford 's own invented klingonaase .
non - canonical appearances .
the cycles of the canonical formula_3-form
it was fortunate in locating and working with prominent germanists who brought out companions to the works of such canonical writers as hartmann von aue , friedrich schiller , heinrich von kleist , heinrich heine , thomas mann , rainer maria rilke , franz kafka , and many others over the next two decades .
harold bloom includes " a cool million " in his list of canonical works of the period he names the chaotic age ( 1900-present ) in " the western canon " .
the bcs theory was set on a firmer footing in 1958 , when bogoliubov showed that the bcs wavefunction , which had originally been derived from a variational argument , could be obtained using a canonical transformation of the electronic hamiltonian .
the cf standard name table identifies over 1,000 physical quantities , each with a precise description and associated canonical units .
it has been proved that any post canonical system is reducible to such a " substitution system " , which , as a formal grammar , is also called a " phrase - structure grammar " , or a " type-0 grammar " in the chomsky hierarchy .
here , formula_6 is the canonical momentum operator and formula_7 is the electromagnetic vector potential , which is related to the magnetic field by
certain it is that at the general chapter of the lateran congregation held at ravenna in 1558 , at the request of many spanish canons , don francis de agala , a professed canon regular from spain , who for some ten years had already laboured in the newly - discovered country , was created vicar - general in america , with powers to gather into communities all the members of the canonical institute who were then dispersed in those parts , and the obligation to report to the authorities of the order .
however , some mormons have called it quasi - canonical .
an ecclesiastical benefice can not be lawfully obtained without canonical institution .
the " canonical " msting style mostly derives from these first three postings , including usenet - style quoting of the original work and script - style lines for the riffers and characters outside the theater .
the order is checked by lexicographic verification at all levels ( keeping in mind that formula_2 is greater than any expression obtained by formula_1 , and for canonical values the greater formula_1 always trumps the lesser or even arbitrary sums , products and exponentials of the lesser ) .
during the course of 1509 - 1510 five schools were already operative : artes y filosofía ( arts & philosophy ) , teología ( theology ) , derecho canónico ( canonical laws ) , letras ( liberal arts ) and medicina ( medicine ) .
hence the utility of collections of civil laws concerning ecclesiastical matters or the administration of the canonical laws ( " praxis canonica " ) .
the armenian apostolic church at times has included the testaments of the twelve patriarchs in its old testament and the third epistle to the corinthians , but does not always list it with the other 27 canonical new testament books .
the immaculate conception cathedral witnessed the solemn canonical coronation of its patron as our lady of the immaculate conception of pasig last december 7 , 2008 .
activities of canonical intrinsic immune proteins .
indeed one checks that the assembly map is given by the canonical inclusion .
( the canonical book of " acts " ends rather abruptly with paul kept under house arrest in chapter 28 , which has led to various theories about the history of the text . )
the national catholic war council was a voluntary organization with no canonical status .
these canonical post - war figures included donald judd , robert morris , dan flavin , ad reinhardt , john baldessari , richard artschwager and ed ruscha .
within the last century in particular , however , the canonical genre elements emerged , particularly tracing to authors such as h.g. wells and jules verne .
canonical examples .
she played a fundamental role in the development of system r , a pioneering relational database implementation , and wrote the canonical paper on relational query optimization .
the canonical erection of the diocese and the episcopal ordination of the bishop took place on saturday february 25th , 2006 .
these uses of " ivy " are intended to promote the other schools by comparing them to the ivy league , but unlike the " ivy league " label , they have no canonical definition .
this was the first episode to air ( barring the non - canonical “ treehouse of horror viii ” ) which was executive produced by mike scully .
he also voiced a now non - canonical ninth doctor for the bbc original animated webcast " scream of the shalka " .
as the creator of " buffy " , joss whedon 's association with buffyverse story is often linked to how canonical the various stories are .
the new saint seiya episode g manga , authored by megumu okada under commission by masami kurumada , although still non - canonical , shows a version of shura that conciliate both previous versions : here , shura is a very loyal gold saint , but when he discovers the truth about gemini saga , he is attacked by the demon emperor fist , a technique that controls the mind of its victim .
following the hamiltonian procedure , the canonical momenta associated with the coordinates are
as such , return to lonesome dove is not considered to be part of the canonical continuity of mcmurtry 's books .
additionally , he called for the formation of a governing council , composed of clergy and laity , which would meet to discuss administrative and canonical issues .
the society of clerks secular of saint basil ( ssb ) was an organization of western rite orthodox christians which was absorbed by the antiochian orthodox archdiocese of north america and was later reestablished out the bounds of canonical orthodoxy .
additional post - canonical texts composed in the following centuries attempted to further clarify the analysis presented in the abhidhamma texts .
the quantum fields of bosons are bosonic fields , obeying canonical commutation relations .
the greek gift sacrifice is a canonical example .
in computing , the word is sometimes used as a metasyntactic variable or as a video game cheat code , the canonical " magic word " .
canonical authority .
in the mathematical discipline of linear algebra , a matrix decomposition is a factorization of a matrix into some canonical form .
canonical normalization ( nf ) does not affect any of these , but compatibility normalization ( nfk ) will decompose the ffi ligature in the constituent letters , so a search for u+0066 ( f ) as substring would succeed in an nfkc normalization of u+fb03 but not in nfc normalization of u+fb03 .
a women religious congregation marist missionary daughter of the society of jesus the good shepherd though founded as a piuos association in uturu , okigwe in 1989 , received canonical approval from bishop obot on november 27 , 2000 at the holy cross parish , dekina .
where the first map is the canonical isomorphism formula_51 .
most of the episodes were non - canonical stories except for an adaptation of " the red - headed league " .
thus standard expositions of the canonical axiomatic set theories zf and zfc do not mention urelements .
no agreement emerged for a canonical turing test , though bringsjord expressed that a sizeable prize would result in the turing test being passed sooner .
as such , the church was not extinguished nor was its canonical and hierarchical organization completely destroyed .
faith is featured in the ongoing comic book , " buffy the vampire slayer season eight " , which serves as a canonical continuation of the television series .
the bishop may exercise the right of canonical visitation in regard to churches and parochial or elementary schools , though they be in charge of regulars .
similarly , a system of equations is said to be in " reduced row echelon form " or " canonical form " if its " augmented matrix " is in " reduced row echelon form " .
he has ruled " a darker geometry " as definitely non - canonical , and incompatible with " juggler of worlds " , which is co - authored by niven & edward m. lerner .
it illustrates a canonical text in which buddha admonishes his monks not to fall into self - torture since this is just as " fruitless " as self - indulgence .
none of these are considered to be the canonical ending of the line , as the storylines are left open for each group to end them as they please .
it is the canonical and simplest example of a typed lambda calculus .
for example , free energy differences are not simply functions of the phase space coordinates of the system , but instead , they are related to the canonical partition function q(n , v , t ) and can not be directly measured in a simulation .
an instruction issued by propaganda fide ( 9 may , 1877 ) enumerated sixteen canonical causes .
the amendments also removed formal defection from the catholic faith as excusing catholics from the canonical form of marriage .
the services of the canonical hours are much longer during great lent .
canonical issues .
the legend is supported by the similar appearance of both men , probably exaggerated by the propaganda efforts to make canonical images of stalin more slavic - like .
the conflicts also related to administrative issues which until that time were canonical jurisdiction , but that the bishop had entrusted to an outsider , bernardino manconi .
there is no canonical reference to the fate of the transwarp program until the year 2409 , when most ships in service were capable of opening up a transwarp conduit to earth , as seen in star trek online .
composers of the middle generation of the franco - flemish school included johannes ockeghem , who wrote music in a contrapuntally complex style , with varied texture and an elaborate use of canonical devices ; jacob obrecht , one of the most famous composers of masses in the last decades of the 15th century ; and josquin desprez , probably the most famous composer in europe before palestrina , and who during the 16th century was renowned as one of the greatest artists in any form .
canonical coordinates .
canonical issues .
the catalogue of tzarigrad patriarchy ( april 1855 ) , athens sintagma , letter of tzarigrad patriarch grigorius to st. petar i petrovic njegos ( dated 29 january 1798 ) , and against the claims of other documents , see here and here ( a list of historical documents ; external links are in serbian ) are interpreted by the moc that the church of montenegro was independent and autocephalous until yugoslav regent alexander i of yugoslavia abolished it and incorporated , by the decree of 17th ( 30th ) june 1920 , with serb - orthodox churches into a serbian orthodox church , an act which received subsequently canonical recognition from the ecumenical patriarchate .
current canonical law requires the trinitarian formula and water for validity
in the 12th century the celtic church was completely metamorphosed on the roman pattern , and in the process the culdees also lost any distinctiveness they may formerly have had , being brought , like the secular clergy , under canonical rule .
the minimal model program can be summarised very briefly as follows : given a variety formula_1 , we construct a sequence of contractions formula_2 , each of which contracts some curves on which the canonical divisor formula_3 is negative .
the jaina canonical literature does not mention the cult of ganesha .
