for example , if a court order provides for the lawful interception of one type of communication ( e.g. , e - mail ) , but excludes all other communications ( e.g. , online shopping ) the carnivore tool can be configured to intercept only those e - mails being transmitted either to or from the named subject .
" carnivore " is the debut album by the brooklyn thrash metal band of the same name .
it is an opportunist carnivore and eats ants , termites , ground dwelling insects , larvae , earthworms , and small animals including lizards .
the alvarezsaurid " albertonykus " was smaller , though likely an insectivore rather than a carnivore .
all large predators except dolphins and porpoises are potential man - eaters , and people must be aware that to a carnivore , man is often no more than another prey item .
" dakosaurus " was a carnivore that spent much , if not all , its life out at sea .
the australian biologist tim flannery has suggested that the australian ecosystem may benefit from the introduction of komodo dragons , as it could partially occupy the large - carnivore niche left vacant following the extinction of the giant varanid " megalania " .
the only common large mammalian carnivore in the afro - alpine zone is the leopard , although leopard , lion and hyena have all been seen in the alpine zone .
the official investigation initiated by the chief coroner of saskatchewan was carried out by carnivore biologist dr. paul paquet and forensic anthropologist dr. ernest walker , who concluded that carnegie died as the result of a violent predatory attack , either by wolves "
" coelurus " is regarded as a small terrestrial carnivore , feeding on small prey items like insects , mammals , and lizards .
the last upper premolar and first lower molar of the cat , since it is a carnivore , are called carnassials and are used to slice meat and skin .
more nutritious food we can offer to a carnivore
it is much smaller than most other species ( 18 to 28 cm , 210 to 350 grams ) ; in fact , it is africa 's smallest carnivore .
puijila darwini " is the first mammalian carnivore found in the haughton lake deposits .
" retaliation " is the second album by the brooklyn crossover thrash band carnivore .
founded as the botswana wild dog research project in 1989 , the botswana predator conservation trust ( bpct ) has expanded to cover all the large carnivore species in botswana .
large carnivore initiative for europe working group
among the mammals in the park are common genets ( " genetta genetta " ) , wild boar ( " sus scrofa " ) , the garden dormouse ( " eliomys quercinus " ) and the least weasel ( " mustela nivalis " ) , the smallest terrestrial mammalian carnivore .
it results in data which shows which forest beat possess how many , of what sex / age and which type of large carnivore .
" plithocyon " is an extinct genus of bear - like hemicyonid carnivore of the miocene epoch , endemic to north america and europe living from ~15.97—7.25 ma , existing for approximately .
although classified as a carnivore , red foxes are omnivorous and are highly opportunistic .
list of mammalian carnivore genera .
his code name is carnivore , perhaps because of his past achievement of eating a 96-ounce steak in less than an hour .
interestingly , while sauropodomorphs dominated the norian and rhaetian large herbivore niche , the large carnivore niche continued to be ruled by the crurotarsi ( e.g. ornithosuchids and ' rauisuchians ' ) .
he initially dislikes herbivores , and is displeased to learn that his mother married one , that corrie , his maternal cousin , was an herbivore masquerading as a carnivore , and that bruno , his best friend , voluntarily changed to one .
although " megalosaurus " was a powerful carnivore and could probably have attacked even the largest sauropods , it is also likely that it gained some of its food by scavenging .
following the release of their second album , " retaliation " , carnivore went on hiatus .
this area is an atypical habitat to the largest carnivore of sri lanka , sri lanka leopard .
before joining type o negative , he played for the metal group fallout and the thrash band carnivore .
dmitri garnitsky is on the hitlist of a professional assassin , the carnivore , who has a reputation for never failing .
for example , the denver zoo 's exhibit predator ridge allows different african carnivore species to rotate among several enclosures , providing the animals with a larger environment and exposing them to each others ' scents .
however , recent re - evaluation of the material has shown that the maxilla assigned to " aliwalia " does not , unlike the other material , belong to " eucnemesaurus " , as it is clearly from a carnivore .
the dusky antechinus ( " antechinus swainsonii " ) , also known as swainson 's antechinus or the dusky marsupial mouse ' " , is a species of small marsupial carnivore , a member of the family dasyuridae .
it is plausible to name the dingo as the cause of the extinction , but there are significantly morphological differences between the two , which suggested that the ecological overlapping of both species might be exaggerated : the dingo has the dentition of a generalist , while the thylacine had the dentition of a specialist carnivore , without any signs for the consumption of carrion or bones .
the " smilodons " were among the largest felids ever to live ; the heaviest specimens of the massively built carnivore " s. populator " may have exceeded .
the three earth angels worked together to stop the carnivore .
like other polecats , this carnivore is nocturnal .
prey drive is the instinctive behavior of a carnivore to pursue and capture prey .
sook - yin lee 's feature film directorial debut " year of the carnivore " premiered at the toronto international film festival in 2009 .
as a small theropod , " sinocoelurus " would have been an agile , bipedal carnivore .
a third view suggests that the bandicoot group evolved from a primitive carnivore , developed the syndactylous hind foot as a specialisation for climbing , and the diprotodonts then split off and evolved the two - tooth jaw that gives them their name .
the mauritius owl was the largest carnivore on the island before the start of human settlement .
e. colbert and others supposed that a large heavy carnivore like " teratosaurus " ( then considered to be a dinosaur ) made the track , but a possible candidate is " dilophosaurus breedorum " , a large theropod related to " coelophysis " , or a close relative .
it is a stocky and muscular carnivore , more closely resembling a small bear than other mustelids .
the carnivore system could be installed on a system either through the cooperation of the system owner , or by use of a court order .
either way , he thought the remains belonged to a " megalosaurid " dinosaur , a carnivore , which friedrich von huene agreed with .
the pilbara ningaui ( " ningaui timealeyi " ) , sometimes known as ealey 's ningaui , is a tiny species of marsupial carnivore found in australia .
in 2000 , the editorial staff of " business week " called for the resignation of director freeh , citing the carnivore communications monitoring system , the waco cover - up , and insubordination to attorney general reno as reasons .
" dromaeosaurus " was a small carnivore , the size of a wolf , about 2 m ( 6 ft ) in length and 15 kg ( 33 lb ) in weight .
the third reformation years later has seen two re - releases of " 1.3.8 " , two dvds and two full length albums , " butcher the weak " and " unleash the carnivore " .
" fukuiraptor " was a medium - sized carnivore of the early cretaceous ( barremian ) that lived in what is now japan .
the cape genet ( " genetta tigrina " ) , also known as the blotched genet or the large - spotted genet , is a carnivore mammal , related to the african linsang and to the civets .
no skull material has been found for either " deltadromeus " or " bahariasaurus " , and though carnivore teeth labelled as " deltadromeus " are commonly sold in rock shops , there is no way of knowing if they actually come from this animal .
" chamitataxus " was fairly similar to its modern day relatives in most respects ; it was a carnivore and judging from the skull found , it looked fairly similar .
like most polypterids , " p. delhezi " will readily eat silversides , krill , mysis shrimp , and commercially available carnivore fish pellets in captivity .
carnivore ( band ) .
" neocynodesmus " is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore within the family canidae which inhabited north america from the oligocene to early miocene 30.8—-20.6 mya existing for approximately .
" eusmilus " had lost many other teeth , possessing only 26 instead of the 44 usually seen in carnivore mammals .
the marsh mongoose is a voracious carnivore , consuming any form of meat it can catch , as well as a wide variety of fruit .
unlike the currently existing kitia , the legendary kitia was not a carnivore and ate only the red fruit of the merujong .
in attacking prey ( but probably not necessarily in a defensive situation , as it was too slow - moving ) it most likely was the dominant carnivore of miocene patagonia , being able to kill even large animals such as the elephant - like " astrapotherium " and in the predatory role being on par with a pack of " thylacosmilus " ( marsupialian sabre - tooth ) .
implementing magic lantern does not require physical access to a suspect 's computer , unlike carnivore , a predecessor to magic lantern , since physical access to a computer would require a court order .
the iberian lynx is the world 's most threatened species of cat , and the most threatened carnivore in europe .
they are not picky on food , as they will eat anything from standard flakes to sinking carnivore pellets .
however , other scientists have argued that the holes are the result of chewing by a carnivore rather than by human design .
the galidiinae , or " malagasy mongooses " , of madagascar , which were reclassified from the herpestidae to the malagasy carnivore group in 2006 .
the " associated press " reported in mid - january 2005 that the fbi essentially abandoned the use of carnivore in 2001 , in favor of commercially available software , such as narusinsight .
" proailurus " was a prehistoric carnivore that lived in europe and asia approximately 25 million years ago in the late oligocene and miocene .
this is the first ever experiment by any organization and country , to attempt to save a large carnivore by re - introducing them into the wild .
the most obvious differences are the teeth , which are those of a carnivore rather than an omnivore , and the number of nipples ( six ) .
n / a’an ku sê is totally funded by voluntary donations and relies on the time of volunteers to continue its services which include a medical outreach project , school for the san community , sanctuary for orphaned and injured animals and carnivore conservation project .
the carnivore and pangolin conservation program , based at cuc phuong national park in vietnam , runs an international conservation and breeding programme for them in cooperation with various zoos including newquay zoo .
a later commercial involved a man eating with a lady , ascribing to be a " meatetarian " ( a play on the word vegetarian with a meaning similar to carnivore ) .
it is the world 's largest land carnivore and also the largest bear , together with the omnivorous kodiak bear , which is approximately the same size .
" mustelodon " had a length of approximately 80 cm ( head to tail ) and this carnivore resembled the modern mongooses .
but in other respects it is a fairly typical " altolamprologus " , and like the other two species of that genus a ferocious ( for its size ) carnivore preying on smaller fish such as juvenile cichlids .
a carnivore is an animal with a diet consisting primarily of meat .
the bourlon 's genet is a new species of carnivore mammal found in the north - west coast of africa .
implementing magic lantern does not require physical access to a suspect 's computer , unlike carnivore , a predecessor to magic lantern , since physical access to a computer would require a court order .
titanosuchus " was a carnivore and might have eaten both " jonkeria " and " moschops " , among other vertebrates .
the lungfish is a true carnivore .
a " tyrannosaurus " alongside adam and eve are described as living in peace with each other therefore " tyrannosaurus " was a herbivore rather than a carnivore .
the zoo is internationally noted for its large carnivore exhibit .
both thomas jefferson and the initial discoverer , colonel john stuart , hoped to find the skull of the beast , for the teeth would reveal its proper identity as a carnivore or herbivore .
this olive , like all olives , is a carnivore : it captures bivalves and small crustaceans with its foot and takes them below the sand surface to digest .
partial skeletons are known ( two fractured skulls and parts of the postcranial skeleton ) and show " piatnitzkysaurus " was a lightly built medium - sized bipedal carnivore with robust arms around 4.3 meters long and around 275 kg in weight .
the kultarr is a solitary carnivore , feeding mostly on terrestrial invertebrates including cockroaches , spiders and crickets .
most " n. orbicollis " have been collected in mesic forest habitats on human and carnivore feces as well as on rotten fruit and carrion .
scott gold is an american author from brooklyn , new york , most famous for his 2008 book " the shameless carnivore : a manifesto for meat lovers " .
spotted hyena milk is very rich , having the highest protein content ( 14.9% ) of any terrestrial carnivore .
the sharp teeth of " ornitholestes " clearly identify it as a carnivore , but its exact diet has been a subject of debate in the paleontological community .
like other basal tetanurans , it would have been a bipedal carnivore .
mineralogical and chemical analysis of these coprolites indicates that this carnivore could digest bone .
" a. regius " is a carnivore that lives in pelagic coastal areas .
the next smallest carnivore in the environment was the mammal " eodelphis " , which weighed only 600 grams .
it has been classified as a dinosaur in the past due it being adapted as a terrestrial , running carnivore .
the first carnivore album was heavily influenced by the contemporary new york metal scene .
this is partially supported by the absence of particular bone types and what may be damage to the fossils from a carnivore .
martin dunford is the chairman of the tamarind group , which owns the famous carnivore restaurant , geraldine , granddaughter to abraham block , the founder of block hotels is the marketing executive .
scientists cite several possible reasons for this , including the dramatic sexual dimorphism in the species and the possibility that female anacondas require additional food intake after breeding to sustain their long gestation period and the male simply being an opportunistic carnivore item , but the exact reason is not understood .
wright also humorously demonstrated a creature that looked like a care bear ( claiming it would be a vicious carnivore ) , indicating that players could create animals similar to those found in nature or popular culture .
" orcomimus " was a bipedal carnivore , but the dinosaur is known from only a pelvis and a hindlimb .
however , recently others have argued that the size of the beak suggests that the bird was a carnivore .
like other tyrannosaurids , " tyrannosaurus " was a bipedal carnivore with a massive skull balanced by a long , heavy tail .
it was a large carnivore , its skull measuring 530 centimeters long .
the size of this predator is unknown , but it was probably a medium sized carnivore , about 6 meters long ( 20 ft ) .
these fish have been found with crustacean exoskeletons in their stomachs and may be the top carnivore in its habitat .
early work generally envisioned " deinocheirus " as a carnivore that used its long forelimbs " in tearing dead or weakly agile prey asunder " ( osmólska & roniewicz 1970 : 15 ) .
" carcharodontosaurus " was a carnivore , with enormous jaws and long , serrated teeth up to eight inches long .
it is arboreal and primarily herbivorous , although it can be an opportunistic carnivore .
the hymn was parodied by the goodies on their 1978 " the goodies beastly record " as " i 'm a carnivore " .
a low - slung , sharp - toothed carnivore , " thrinaxodon " lived in burrows , and ate small creatures like insects , reptiles , etc .
the former members of carnivore performed sporadic concerts in new york during the 1990s , but no formal tours or new releases were undertaken .
the polar bear is the largest terrestrial carnivore , being more than twice as big as the siberian tiger .
like many other ammonites , " acanthoplites " was a marine nektonic carnivore .
they will wait , several days if necessary , until a carnivore leaves a carcass .
it is thought to have been a benthic carnivore that walked along the sea floor in search of hard - shelled prey .
but her greatest challenge came when linda was captured by a strangely wally - like man , who was the carnivore , the first vampire .
the trumpeter whiting is a benthic carnivore , consuming a variety of crustaceans , polychaetes and molluscs , with a dietary shift occurring as the mature and move into deeper waters .
this would rather put it in the size range of " megistotherium " , which is considered by some authors , such as robert savage ( who even named it ) to be the largest mammalian land - carnivore that had ever existed .
the album has a rawness that was prominent in peter steele 's previous band carnivore , but it incorporates elements that would become standard for type o negative , merging styles including doom metal , thrash metal , gothic rock , new wave and industrial music . "
electronic ease dropping devices such as the carnivore surveillance tool are used to perform a digital wire tap of a user ’s internet activity and record information specific to that user .
the band is signed with record collection and released their debut full - length , " carnivore " , in september 2006 .
it is arboreal and primarily herbivorous , although it can be an opportunistic carnivore .
however , it had both carnivore - type and herbivore - type teeth , so it could possibly have been omnivorous .
" enaliosuchus " was a carnivore that spent much , if not all , its life out at sea .
the carnivore tooth helped this misidentification take hold .
it was initially named " porto de piranhas " , because a fisherman had caught some piranhas ( a carnivore predator fish ) there .
carnivore spent much of the mid - eighties playing venues in and around the east coast , including the now defunct cbgbs on the lower east side of manhattan , and the now defunct l’amours in bay ridge , brooklyn .
the largest creodont and the largest mammalian land predator of all time , was the giant carnivore " megistotherium " .
the best preserved tattoos were images of a donkey , a mountain ram , two highly stylized deer with long antlers and an imaginary carnivore on the right arm .
the final carnivore with a pitfall - like trap is the bromeliad , " brocchinia reducta " .
all known specimens of this carnivore have been discovered in rocks of early carnian age ( late triassic , around 228 million years ago ) in northwestern argentina .
it is an extremely aggressive carnivore that will eat anything in its sight .
like all cats , it is an obligate carnivore , feeding only on meat .
struthiomimus " is one of the more common small dinosaurs in the dinosaur provincial park ; its abundance suggests that it was a herbivore or omnivore rather than a carnivore .
a zoological garden was added in 1876 modeled after the finest european zoological buildings , and consisting of a monkey house , bear pits , and carnivore house .
patterson stated that he became suspicious when he contacted carnivore biologist maria de almeida of the ontario ministry of natural resources , who had been cited in paquet 's report as a consultant .
pathological changes consistent with hypervitaminosis a have been seen in bones of homo erectus , and have also been attributed to consumption of carnivore liver .
" puijila darwini " was a semi - aquatic carnivore which represents a morphological link in early pinniped evolution .
thus ivan turk has asserted that whether the holes are of " artificial " ( made by neanderthals ) or " natural " ( punctures from a carnivore bite ) origin is the " crucial question . "
grimm brothers ' " little red riding hood " folk tale , adapted by ending before the grandmother makes her entrance , and explicitly using the ambiguity of modern english between " wolf " , the carnivore , and " wolf " , a man with concealed sexual intentions .
the eucalypt forest provides key habitat for rare and threatened species such as the powerful owl , the spotted quoll , mainland australia 's largest marsupial carnivore , and the long - footed potoroo .
finally , " saurosuchus " was a huge carnivore , 6 or 7 meters long , whose fossils are known from the late carnian of argentina .
recently viv has expanded his research activities to include a survey of the leopard and cheetah of zimbabwe , the biodiversity of the matobo national park and the formation of the cri ( carnivore research institute )
a protocarnivorous plant ( sometimes also paracarnivorous , subcarnivorous , or borderline carnivore ) , according to some definitions , traps and kills insects or other animals but lacks the ability to either directly digest or absorb nutrients from its prey like a carnivorous plant .
nature et paysages , also known as the jardin carnivore , is a botanical garden specializing in carnivorous plants .
the velociraptor , a carnivore , grew to be up to in length and could grow up to 45 pounds .
this species is an actively hunting carnivore .
it was an active nectonic carnivore .
tyrannosaurus rex : the largest carnivore on the planet .
its members are formally referred to as " carnivorans " , while the word " carnivore " ( often popularly applied to members of this group ) can refer to any meat - eating animal .
" dinocroc " is a 2004 horror film , starring charles napier and joanna pacula about a prehistoric carnivore , " sarcosuchus imperator " .
the new guinean planigale ( " planigale novaeguineae " ) , also known as the papuan planigale , is a species of small marsupial carnivore native to new guinea .
the brown bear is the largest carnivore in all of north america .
allosaurus : this is a good carnivore for the beginning hunter , but beware , it will attack the player at close range .
a human diet is not ideal for a dog : the concept of a " balanced " diet for a facultative carnivore like a dog is not the same as in an omnivorous human .
it has been suggested that the giant sloth may have been a carnivore , although this is a controversial claim ..
" redondasaurus " was a carnivore and measured from 10 to 12 meters in length , 1.5 meters of which made up the length of the head , and 1.5 meters in height .
the least weasel ' " , also known as the dwarf , pygmy , or mouse weasel ( " mustela nivalis " ) is the smallest of all species of the carnivora order , making it the smallest true carnivore .
an example of land conversion being a chief cause of the critically endangered status of a carnivore is the reduction in habitat for the african wild dog , " lycaon pictus " . )
by far the largest carnivore in its environment , " tyrannosaurus rex " may have been an apex predator , preying upon hadrosaurs and ceratopsians , although some experts have suggested it was primarily a scavenger .
like all cats , the oncilla is an obligate carnivore , requiring meat for survival .
due to its unique predatory morphology , scientists repeatedly claim " thylacoleo " to be the most specialized mammalian carnivore of all time .
however , whether it is truly a musical instrument or simply a carnivore - chewed bone is a matter of ongoing debate .
a carnivore ( ) , meaning ' meat eater ' ( latin " carne " meaning ' flesh ' and " vorare " meaning ' to devour ' ) , is an organism that derives its energy and nutrient requirements from a diet consisting mainly or exclusively of animal tissue , whether through predation or scavenging .
the official government of saskatchewan investigation was headed by carnivore biologist and behavioral ecologist dr. paul paquet and rcmp forensic anthropologist dr. ernest walker , who oversaw carnegie 's autopsy , which was performed by dr. n. brits in prince albert , saskatchewan .
the arctic wolf spider can live for at least two years , grows as long as 1.6 inches ( four centimeters ) and is a carnivore .
" year of the carnivore " is a 2009 canadian romantic comedy about a grocery store detective with a crush on a boy who rejects her because she has too little sexual experience .
it has been proposed that it was a fast moving , nektonic carnivore .
this is not a weapon for charging carnivore , but fantastic for distance shots .
however , she often does so in order to conceal her presence , such as when she listens to fiona talk about her with bruno , or when she sneaks into the school board building to help bruno " prove " that he is still a carnivore .
it was a carnivore and preyed upon animals close to its size .
at the time of its discovery , it was unlike any other asian carnivore known .
the player may choose whether the creature is a herbivore or a carnivore prior to starting the stage .
the crested servaline genet ( " genetta cristata " ) , also just known as the crested genet , is a species of carnivore mammal of the family viverridae , related to civets and linsangs .
this is not altogether the case in reality , due to the presence of systems such as carnivore and echelon which can monitor communications over entire networks , and the fact that the far end may be monitored as before .
a carnivore may eat both secondary and tertiary consumers , and its prey may itself be difficult to classify for similar reasons .
" dissacus " was a jackal - sized carnivore that has been found all over the northern hemisphere , but its daughter genus , " ankalagon " , from the early to middle paleocene of new mexico was far larger , growing to the size of a bear .
but in her defeat of carnivore , her matrix side was ripped away , leaving linda alone once again .
a recent study by roach and brinkman has called into question the cooperative pack hunting behavior of " deinonychus " , based on what is known of modern carnivore hunting and the taphonomy of tenontosaur sites .
in practice , the two have not gotten far toward restoring the van past making it run , as the boys usually end up lying on the roof of the van , talking . hector dates autumn , a radical vegetarian who refers to jeremy as " carnivore " , " predator " , " vampire " , and " flesh - eater " or the like whenever she sees him with meat .
the cpcp is a combination of two earlier projects , the small carnivore conservation centre which started as a breeding program for the rare owston 's palm civet and the asian pangolin conservation program , and has expanded into a nation - wide program for conserving civets , pangolins , weasels , otters and small cats .
rudy has recently become the easter bunny as a result of an accident ; while filling in for kevin , who had to help his business recover from the ceiling collapsing on the servers , he accidentally stumbled upon a sunrise service for easter , and the entire carnivore congregation spotted him .
for all poor folks at picketwire by r. a. lafferty ; growing up in edge city by frederik pohl ; durance by ward moore ; the ghost of a model t by clifford d. simak ; planet story by kate wilhelm ; graduation day by w. macfarlane ; timetipping by jack dann ; encounter with a carnivore by joseph l. green ; lady sunshine and the magoon of beatus by alexei panshin and cory panshin; ... for a single yesterday by george r. r. martin ; bloodstream by lou fisher ; existence by joanna russ ; interface by a. a. attanasio ; blooded on arachne by michael bishop ; leviticus : in the ark by barry n. malzberg ; cambridge , 1:58 a.m. by gregory benford ; run from the fire by harry harrison ; the aperture moment by brian w. aldiss ; nightbeat by neal barrett , jr. ; uneasy chrysalids , our memories by john shirley ; and the dogtown tourist agency by jack vance .
while certainly bestial and carnivorous , he can not be said to resemble a specific type of carnivore such as a canine or feline .
some of the carcasses were subsequently brought to basra 's veterinary hospital where they were identified as being ratels , also known as al - ghirayri or al - girta , a nocturnal carnivore and a member of the mustelidae family .
the american badger is a fossorial carnivore .
there are many more carnivore species on the reefs than herbivores .
i am a carnivore ; who will provide me food . if i die , you will be responsible and bear the sin . "
" ontocetus " is an extinct genus of walrus , an amphibious carnivore of the family " odobenidae " , endemic to coastal regions of the southern north sea and the southeastern coastal regions of the u.s. during the miocene - pleistocene .
after prolonged negative coverage in the press , the fbi changed the name of its system from " carnivore " to the more benign - sounding " dcs1000 . "
despite his differences with the dewclaws , he testifies before the senate about the herbivore / carnivore marriage ban , to oppose the bill .
the taxonomic decline of creodonta at the end of the eocene coincided with the beginning of the speciation and radiation of the carnivora , and the origination of most modern carnivore families .
it was a 1.5 m long carnivore from about 165 ma ( million years ago ) in oxfordshire and is tentatively assigned to the tyrannosauroidea .
it is a carnivore , feeding on millipedes , flies , and isopods .
the species is a benthic carnivore , consuming a variety of crustaceans , polychaete worms , molluscs and fish .
year of the carnivore .
the denotation of dog is ( something like ) four - legged canine carnivore .
the polar bear is the dominant carnivore of the tundra , but is an occasional visitor to coastal newfoundland , especially in the spring .
" majungasaurus " was by far the largest carnivore and probably the dominant predator on land , although large crocodylomorphs like " mahajangasuchus " and " trematochampsa " might have competed with it closer to water .
as a carnivore , it feeds on aquatic insects , young shrimp and smaller fishes .
like other carnosaurians , " australovenator " would have been a bipedal carnivore .
" deuterosaurus " was among the largest animals of its day , and has variously been interpreted as a herbivore or carnivore .
" herpestides " is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore the family " hyaenidae , " endemic to north africa and southern europe during the early miocene subepoch ( 22.4—20 mya ) existing for approximately .
( true abalones are primitive herbivores whereas " concholepas concholepas " is a sophisticated carnivore .
evidence from the numbers found at the la brea tar pits suggests that " smilodon " , like modern lions , was a social carnivore .
" plioviverrops " is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore of the family " hyaenidae , " endemic to southern europe during the late miocene subepoch ( 11.6—5.3 mya ) existing for approximately .
" metriorhynchus " was a carnivore that spent much , if not all , its life out at sea .
it is used as a teaching collection for undergraduate and graduate students ; reference collection for law enforcement as a forensic identification of endangered species ; as a reference collection for carnivore feeding studies i.e. owl pellet and scat analysis ; a comparative material for students and faculty of zoo archeology and vertebrate paleontology ( post - cranial skeletal collection ) .
omnivore creatures can either have an omnivore mouth , a combination of herbivore and carnivore mouths , or a combination of the three mouth parts .
the triassic takeover was gradual — in the earliest part of the triassic cynodonts were the main predators and lystrosaurs were the main herbivores , but by the mid - triassic archosaurs dominated all the large carnivore and herbivore niches .
the haussa genet ( " genetta thierryi " ) , also known as thierry 's genet , is a carnivore mammal , related to linsangs and civets .
the mangrove monitor is an opportunistic carnivore feeding on the eggs of reptiles and birds , mollusks , rodents , insects , crabs , smaller lizards , fish , and carrion .
this wild dog is mainly a carnivore , with fish , insects , and small mammals making up the majority of its diet .
he received the best original score award at the 2006 st kilda film festival for the animated short " carnivore reflux " , a film that was also a 2006 tropfest finalist .
the plot line is based on the premise of australian werewolves descended from the now extinct thylacine , or tasmanian tiger , a marsupial carnivore which was hunted to extinction by australian farmers to protect their sheep .
" unleash the carnivore " .
he is a member of iucn / ssc asian elephant , asian rhino , asian wild cattle , bear , cat and small carnivore specialist groups , and iucn / ssc / bli waterbird and galliformes specialist groups .
malagasy carnivore the falanouc , which is also a euplerine .
because tilapia are detrivores and herbivores , these introductions were regarded as less threatening than the introduction of any carnivore .
these animals , many of them phosphorescent , include an aggressive carnivore called an orange patch that shoots a jet of water at its prey , and the v - frogs , small sticklike animals that the human colonists keep as pets .
" pseudocyonopsis " is a member of the extinct family amphicyonidae , a terrestrial carnivore belonging to the order caniformia .
the early sauropodomorphs were most likely omnivores as their shared common ancestor with the other saurischian lineage ( the theropods ) was a carnivore .
it was bipedal and walked more upright than its carnivore ancestors . "
due to the absence of human development in its remote habitat , it retains more of its original range than any other extant carnivore .
by 1974 , with the superior nutritional quality of his products impacting the pet food market , mr. iams was recognized as a world authority on carnivore nutrition .
the first carnivoran was a carnivore , and nearly all carnivorans today primarily eat meat .
so its qualities as a " bane " must be protective , for the wolf is more dangerous than a mere ravening carnivore .
while the earlier smaller species were insectivores , the later marmot - sized cimolestes magnus probably took larger prey and were definitely a carnivore to some degree .
as coach , he accepts " unconventional " kids such as rudy ( who has a tracking disability ) , bruno ( who is trans - diet ) , and rachel ( who is not a carnivore ) .
" alioramus " was bipedal like most theropods , and its sharp teeth indicate that it was a carnivore .
" mnemiopsis " is a carnivore that consumes zooplankton including crustaceans , other comb jellies , and eggs and larvae of fish ; it is sometimes known to eat smaller individuals of its own kind .
she begged her master carnivore for help , but he scoffed at her , calling her a crippled firefly .
" aggiosaurus " was a carnivore that spent much , if not all , its life out at sea .
it was a carnivore whose diet included turtles , clams and crayfish .
one type living in south america , " deltochilum valgum " , is a carnivore preying upon millipedes .
the species is carnivore , feeding on insects , larvae , worms , etc .
in their society , their major difference is their diet : kevin is a herbivore and kell is a carnivore .
the most famous of these is the giant panda , which survives in pockets of high - altitude bamboo forest across the southwest.like other bears the panda should be a carnivore but moves too slowly to catch any animals ..
it had strong legs but short arms , and like most theropods , it was a carnivore .
" titanosuchus " rivals that to " titanophoneus " , which is also a carnivore and a dinocephalian , but it lived only in russia . " titanosuchus " should not be confused with the therapsid " eotitanosuchus " , which belonged to a different family .
it was a bipedal carnivore that had some features which resemble " ceratosaurus " .
the cheetah is a carnivore , eating mostly mammals under , including the thomson 's gazelle , the grant 's gazelle , the springbok and the impala .
accusations of racism in their music were strenuously denied by the band , but in later interviews , seinfeld and graziadei explained that it had all been a publicity stunt to win over the band carnivore and their fans .
martin dunford is the chairman of the tamarind group , which owns the famous carnivore restaurant in nairobi , geraldine , granddaughter to the famous abraham block , founder of block hotels is the marketing executive .
a group of perhaps 180 chicken - sized coelurosaurs ( skartopus ) and bantam to emu - sized wintonopus were disturbed by the arrival of a single much larger carnivore - a theropod named tyrannosauropus , which may have been up to 10 metres long with 50-centimetre feet .
its 34 teeth resembles that of a carnivore but the philippine flying lemur eats mainly fruits , flowers and leaves .
the greyhound bus company is called " strayhound " , and carnival cruise lines is referred to as " carnivore cruise lines " .
" saurophaganax " was the largest carnivore of late jurassic north america .
it would probably have been a small aerial carnivore .
while its sharp teeth were all of the same shape , it did possess a pair of enlarged canines , suggesting that it was a carnivore .
the fbi 's proposed carnivore program was intended to act as a system of eavesdropping protocols built into the systems of internet service providers .
the excavation site has yielded the first important carnivore fauna of north africa , including 23 taxa ( 13 of which are new ) .
there appears to be no reason to do so , in fact , the actual sifting through email which is done by carnivore does not , itself implicate the fourth amendment[. ] it is equivalent to an fbi agent going to the post office and looking at the writing on the envelopes of the letters there is order to find the ones that are addressed to a specific individual ” .
