1/5 ) and was catalogued as hob .
to date , an estimated 438,000 species of plants of economic and social interest have been registered in the region with many more remaining to be discovered or catalogued .
during this time he also catalogued a significant amount of flora and fauna of the islands of java and sumatra .
this specimen is catalogued under the accession number ivpp v15900 .
evans catalogued all of his creations in a book he called the " catalogue of the world " , which resembled a stamp - collecting catalogue in layout and style .
an alternative method that may be used to tabulate casualties is by using the satellite imagery of port - au - prince located on google maps so that destroyed buildings can be catalogued and an estimate of casualties can be calculated using data on the inhabitants .
34 tauri ( or 34 tau ) is a hypothetical star catalogued by english astronomer john flamsteed in 1690 .
they were catalogued by the royal irish academy between 1916 and 1919 .
several collectors have catalogued the songs including john meredith whose recording in the 1950s became the basis of the collection in the national library of australia .
scholz catalogued it twice as the number 155 and 180 .
83 leonis bb , also catalogued as hd 99492 b or abbreviated 83 leo bb , is an extrasolar planet approximately 58 light - years away in the constellation of leo ( the lion ) .
agathyllus is also a species of the eulophidae family of chalcidoidea catalogued by francis walker .
when french scientist léon péricard excavated la marche between 1937 and 1942 he catalogued over 1,500 slabs of limestone that had been carefully placed on the floor .
most of the bones in turku were still in place in 1720 when they were catalogued for a transfer to saint petersburg during the russian occupation of finland in the great northern war .
all monkeys are photographed and the pictures together with individual characteristics catalogued .
others taught nursery school and adult education , repaired and catalogued library books , served hot lunches to school children , canned produce for distribution , and worked as household aides to the elderly and handicapped .
the units that were catalogued replicated the recommendations of the cgpm , supplemented by a few other units including the " are " ( and implicity the " hectare " ) whose use was limited to the measurement of land .
most descriptions and eyewitness accounts are catalogued in linda godfrey 's book " hunting the american werewolf " .
only three years after it began , " mad " was catalogued in harvard 's houghton library .
relying on this postulate , for many chemical species , phase distribution and intrinsic phase properties such as density , heat capacity , thermal conductivity , viscosity , enthalpy , and entropy have been reproducibly measured and catalogued as functions of temperature and pressure .
the 538 items numbered and catalogued by james exist as 546 physical volumes .
although it is expected that the majority of catalogued visual doubles are visual binaries , orbits have been computed for only a few thousand of the over 100,000 known visual double stars .
holdings from a large variety of repositories are catalogued .
( according to the historian joachim von sandrart , who catalogued the giustiniani collection in the 1630s , the curtain was only installed at his urging at that time ) .
the nebula contains a number of bok globules - dark , collapsing clouds of protostellar material - the most prominent of which have been catalogued by e. e. barnard as b88 , b89 and b296 .
the eastern han dynasty scholar and astronomer zhang heng ( 78 - 139 ad ) invented the first water - powered rotating armillary sphere ( the first armillary sphere having been invented by the greek eratosthenes ) , and catalogued 2500 stars and over 100 constellations .
he found that about 30% of the objects in his sample could be catalogued as a possible type of cluster remnant .
for unknown reasons , some of the mutants that are catalogued as the twelve are not part of the group .
the second sophistic is a literary - historical term referring to the greek writers who flourished from the reign of nero until c.230 ad and who were catalogued and celebrated by philostratus in his " lives of the sophists " ( 481 ) .
new species of birds are still being discovered and catalogued by scientists .
around 1,000 sites with more than 4,000 petroglyphs are catalogued .
as there were no blueprints to work with , each individual board was numbered and catalogued on site .
in 1716 he published a plan for a universal benedictine library , in which all the authors of the order , and their works , should be catalogued and reviewed .
with the advent of the astrophysical virtual observatory the vizier catalogue has gained importance in being the source of all catalogued data within the community .
by his will he bequeathed his collection of priceless coins and medals to trinity college , cambridge , together with 12 volumes of manuscripts that were catalogued together with the medieval manuscripts by m r james .
written works are catalogued by the dewey decimal system .
water is generally of a very high quality , and all the beaches of the island of tenerife have been catalogued by the ministry of health and consumption as waters suitable for bathing .
" the wife of usher 's well " is a traditional ballad , catalogued as child ballad 79 , originally from britain , but also popular in north america .
overall , the enzyme commission ( ec ; http://www.chem.qmul.ac.uk/iubmb/enzyme/ ) has catalogued more than 140 plp - dependent activities , corresponding to ~4% of all classified activities .
the miraculous nature of the icon is catalogued in w. urban 's work " the icon of the mother of god of marijampil in wrocław " ( wrocław , 1981 , in polish ) .
the extensive family papers were sorted and catalogued , and donated to the southern historical collection at the university of north carolina at chapel hill .
robert donceel and pauline donceel - voûte focused their research on the small finds amongst de vaux 's unpublished materials from qumran , including , but not limited to , glassware ( 55 newly catalogued items ) , stoneware ( 53 new items ) , metal wares , and coins .
the cluster was probably first catalogued by giovanni batista hodierna in 1654 , and it subsequently appeared in many star atlases of the 17th and 18th centuries .
progress today in anatomy is centered in the development , evolution , and function of anatomical features , as the macroscopic aspects of human anatomy have been largely catalogued .
two large scale efforts , in 1998 by the united states national research council 's commission on preventing reading difficulties in young children and in 2000 by the united states national reading panel , catalogued the most important elements of a reading program .
however , his " tre quartetti concertanti " , g.112 , 113 and 114 ( after remo giazotto who catalogued viotti 's works ) , composed in 1815 and published in paris in 1817 , are true concertante works offering extensive solos for each instrument and not just the first violin .
in museums and archives , the collection of objects or material is normally catalogued in a collection catalog ( or collections catalog ) .
dulwich picture gallery will be exhibiting paintings from its newly catalogued british collection , many of which are not usually on show .
his compositions have been catalogued by allan badley .
coutinho has been catalogued as the greatest santos ' player after pelé , with whom he coincided and formed an effective attacking duo : 1461 goals were scored by the two ( 370 by coutinho ) .
amara 's purpose is to store the history and memories of the world ; relics ( including living beings ) from all periods of earth 's past and future are , in a way , catalogued there .
according to the " royal encyclopaedia " , some 3,777 letters from queen victoria to her eldest daughter have been catalogued , as well as more than 4,000 from daughter to mother .
his legal decisions are catalogued in the syracuse law review " ( " you could look it up : the judicial opinions of sol wachtler on the new york court of appeals " vol 52 , number 3 , 2002 )
in addition to juno , he discovered three comets and published the " atlas novus coelestis " which catalogued 120,000 stars .
it was catalogued by astronomer stewart sharpless in his 1959 catalog of nebulae .
during the late 1980s , as the papers were being organized and catalogued , the staff of the project discovered that king 's doctoral dissertation at boston university , titled " a comparison of the conception of god in the thinking of paul tillich and henry nelson wieman " , included large sections from a dissertation written by another student ( jack boozer ) three years earlier at boston university .
all knots and links with 11 or fewer crossings are catalogued in the wiki .
large sets of historical materials are catalogued in the category .
he was also the first scientist who studied and catalogued the beetles and butterflies of eastern galicia .
a draft document , entitled " subversion in the udr " , was amongst documents catalogued as defe 24/835 , released in 2005 and was uncovered in the pro by researchers working for the pat finucane centre and the group , justice for the forgotten .
like the scanian law , one of the fragments , a six - leaf fragment ( catalogued as skb a 120 ) , is written in the runic alphabet .
similar documents , catalogued and made public by ipn research , surfaced several in polish politics , with varying accusations as to what faction of polish politicians is trying to use them to damage another faction .
the directive catalogued the units of measure that were permitted for measuring instruments ( for instance scales ) , measurements and indications of quantity expressed in units for economic , public health , public safety and administrative purposes .
the 18 waltzes include a piece that was untitled ; it is in 3/4 time with the tempo indication " sostenuto " , and it has some of the characteristics of a waltz , so it is often ( but not universally ) catalogued with the waltzes .
" truckin ' " , which had recently become the band 's first hit song , catalogued its own troubled - but - resilient pathway through american life .
san glorio is used as a corridor by the cantabrian brown bear " ursus arctos " , catalogued in spain as being in danger of extinction ..
it was discovered on april 20 , 1904 , by max wolf in heidelberg , and initially catalogued as 1904 ny .
the main effect of delegated legislation being made by statutory instrument is that as soon as it is made it is numbered , catalogued , printed , made available for sale and published on the internet .
he conducted hundreds of experiments to gauge the accurate measurements of items he catalogued , and he often listed them by name in a number of different languages , including arabic , persian , greek , syriac , hindi , latin , and other languages .
four categories of software were then catalogued by lientz and swanson ( 1980 ) .
around 60% of these are catalogued on olis , the oxford university library catalogue .
the core is catalogued , stored and available for logging or sampling by the public , industry or scientific community .
an odp editor has catalogued a number of bugs that are / were encountered when implementing the odp rdf dump , including utf-8 encoding errors ( fixed since august 2004 ) and an rdf format that does not comply with the final rdf specification because odp rdf generation was implemented before the rdf specification was finalized .
many stamps are rarer , and consequently much more expensive , in unused condition , such as the penny black , which in 1999 , catalogued for $ 1,900 mint and $ 110 used .
local grievances and resentments were carefully catalogued by cadres , and detailed information was harvested on each potential supporter or recruit for later use .
approximately 5,000 of these images have been catalogued and digitized , with the remainder expected to be completed by the end of 2009 .
this catalogued also appeared in danish and german ) .
her papers are archived at the hoover institution and are catalogued online .
a large corpus of literature from islamic astronomy remains today , numbering approximately 10,000 manuscripts scattered throughout the world , many of which have not been read or catalogued .
an average of 3,800 specimens a year are catalogued .
reinhold catalogued a large number of stars .
in 2007 and 2008 under the direction of new director joshua wolf shenk , the posters were reframed , many of them professionally , and digitally catalogued .
in 1792 , betancourt was appointed the director of royal cabinet of machinery , and catalogued hundreds of its exhibits scouted in france , england and netherlands ; in 1793 - 1795 , he continued intelligence in england .
bioinformatics approaches are providing much of the power for rapidly mining , organising , analyzing , visualizing and annotating the data catalogued in databases .
( dvorak 's works have a confusing history of conflicting opus numbers , and so jarmil burghauser catalogued them more consistently in his book " antonín dvořák ; thematický katalog , bibliografie , přehled života a díla . "
during betsy 's internship at the jordan schnitzer museum of art , her aesthetic was influenced by asian landscape painting as well as the work of northwest masters which she catalogued .
also in the 19th century , the natural scientist ignazio cerio catalogued the flora and fauna of the island .
176 of his works are extant and have been catalogued .
she assembled a libretto and catalogued the opera in her thesis , presenting a first critical examination of the work through a thorough investigation of the discovered manuscripts .
it was first catalogued by italian astronomer piazzi in his star catalogue as " xvi 55 " .
the remaining specimens were catalogued in fifty separate entries at yale 's peabody museum of natural history .
it was released in the us by reissue label hip - o records and is catalogued under a&m records .
the many characters of the " iliad " are catalogued ; the latter - half of book ii , the “ catalogue of ships ” , lists commanders and cohorts ; battle scenes feature quickly - slain minor characters .
george percival ( son of charles easton and a graduate of karlsruhe polytechnic ) remained with the family firm ( often catalogued as spooner & co. , portmadoc , england ) and designed fine engines for the ffestiniog railway and other railways .
a unique repository containing a wealth of information on minorities , development , gender , security and violence which have been focal to the evolution of history and society of the region , the sarrc has acquired , catalogued , preserved and documented vital information including fact - sheets , unpublished material , manuscripts , policy papers and official reports of various commissions and committees .
he married in 1845 , and in 1850 entered magdalen college , oxford , where he studied and catalogued persian manuscripts for the bodleian library .
a video that catalogued the creation of the album is " footage from the together alone recording session , " which was featured on the video single for the album 's song " nails in my feet " .
the surviving part of the second collection was catalogued for sale at auction at christie 's when at the eleventh hour thomas hope stepped in and purchased the remains of hamilton 's second collection of mostly south italian vases .
the magazine was well received and a team of volunteer student journalists created the second edition , published in april 1981 , catalogued as issn 0260 - 809x. this ran to 100 pages , and the printing of 1000 copies entirely blocked the engineering department 's reprographic department for 3 weeks , driving the in - house printer to the edge of despair .
the library has collections scattered around the campus outside of the main facility , and all of which are catalogued on a computerised database , using the university 's original mainframe , a univac .
bird watching : with the more than 570 species of catalogued birds and new species being discovered every year , the region of alta floresta and the cristalino river basin receives constant visits from famous ornithologists and bird watchers .
this practice has led to a vast number of varieties , not catalogued in the major stamp catalogues .
international human rights groups have catalogued other methods used in the torture chambers of iraq : electric shock , burning with hot irons , dripping acid on the skin , mutilation with electric drills , cutting out tongues , and rape .
in particular most of the then royal library was given by george iii to the british museum , now the british library , where many books are still catalogued as " royal " .
toward that end crowell persuaded the competing student literary societies to combine their libraries into a single college collection , where he personally catalogued the books and kept hours at a reference desk to encourage proper research methods .
jacob hübner described many genera , and the lepidopteran genera were catalogued by ochsenheimer and treitschke in a series of volumes on the lepidopteran fauna of europe published between 1807 and 1835 .
there are over 150 figures already catalogued , including those that emphasize the engravings of a few deer , completed with shadowing .
stacks of hatboxes , piles of boxes of catalogued accessories , and wallets with forged identities .
clinical data in thin are catalogued using read codes , a comprehensive and searchable classification scheme for medical conditions , symptoms and important background information .
later the collection was administrated by the librarian wolfgang prommer , who had catalogued the collection both alphabetically and according to keywords .
dodwell perceptively recognised its close links with a relief in the collection of the villa albani in rome , catalogued in the eighteenth century by winckelmann .
$ 3,500 was the catalogued price for the runabout and each of the now three touring cars ( for 4 , 5 or 7 passengers , respectively ) was prized at $ 3,750 .
the peaks were catalogued and described in alfred wainwright 's seminal " pictorial guide to the lakeland fells " series of books , which listed 214 summits , which have subsequently becom known as wainwrights .
nearly 100,000 pages have been released and are being catalogued by the office of legislative services of puerto rico .
in the national geographic names database it is officially catalogued as feature number 1661174 .
. inherited by his daughter , obiageli , who established the christopher okigbo foundation in 2005 to perpetuate his legacy , the papers were catalogued in january 2006 by chukwuma azuonye , professor of african literature at the university of massachusetts , boston , who assisted the foundation in nominating them for the unesco memory of the world register .
owing to different denomination and overprints , there are at least 104 variants catalogued .
materials deposited in the archives are catalogued ; the catalogs are available as part of the website .
now 320 sigla for uncial codices have been catalogued by the ( intf ) in münster .
felgenhauer / jarvis catalogued the band1 permutations using lexicographical ordered ids based on the ordered digits from blocks b2,3 .
the 1972 version soundtrack features the 1950 's and 1960 's pop songs catalogued below , interspersed with gamelan and kecak music .
with each edition , the number of catalogued languages has grown .
it was catalogued as a globular cluster .
in all , there are over 186,000 catalogued plants .
this mass is catalogued " mass no .
it contains amos 2 and is currently housed at the university of pennsylvania , catalogued as e 3074 .
premium features were added to the site for seeking the most thorough and efficient access to the thousands of hours of audio that has been coded , catalogued and added to the site .
this album could be catalogued under a concept album , including a more than 60 pages cd - sized book .
though ancient babylonians and greeks also observed the sky and catalogued stars , no such complete record of the stars may exist or survive .
the surnames and gothras of kammas and velamas were catalogued by badabanala bhatta in 1068 ce .
the trust also looks after over 48,000 catalogued objects across all of the sites .
he moved to rome , for reasons of ill - health , in 1872 , where he became secretary to the german archaeological institute and catalogued the holdings of its extensive library .
from the same manuscript origined another leaf now catalogued as uncial 0195 .
gori catalogued the collection of antique carved gems assembled by the venetian art dealer and connoisseur antonio maria zanetti ( 1698 - 1767 ) , so it was natural at the end of his career that he compile the catalogue of the engraved and carved gem and cameo collection assembled by consul smith in venice , not only carefully describing the gems , illustrated in 100 engraved plates , but also included a detailed history of gem engraving and a discussion of gem engravers , though he concentrated on the iconography of the subjects represented and did not attempt to ascribe the gems to a period .
in 1969 , browne founded and began to develop the popular culture library at b.g.s.u. this library now holds 190,000 catalogued books and many hundreds of thousands of additional materials ( e.g. , comic books , fanzines , photos , games , postcards , posters ) .
buton catalogued all of the buddhist scriptures at shalu , some 4,569 religious and philosophical works and formatted them in a logical , coherent order .
among these recovered fossils is the first complete lower dentition of " eosimias " , catalogued as ivpp v11000 .
it is named in honor of john james audubon , an ornithologist and naturalist who shot , painted , catalogued , and described the " birds of north america " .
when the angerstein collection was bought by the british government in 1824 for the foundation of the national gallery the canvas was catalogued as ng1 , making it officially the first painting to enter the national gallery .
they are catalogued in reference works such as the " encyclopaedia of chess openings " .
he systematically described and catalogued thousands of attic black - figure and red - figure vases and sherds , using the methods of the art historian giovanni morelli for the study of paintings .
the specimen is in the collection of the institute for vertebrate paleontology and paleoanthropology in beijing , where it is catalogued under accession number ivpp v11579 .
approximately a hundred manuscripts of this famous persian epic from vahshi has been catalogued around the world .
pere left behind a sizable collection of books , which were catalogued by his widow .
it catalogued the dc sounds of the late 80 's , and was created for the american civil liberties union and community for creative non - violence .
athena drives deriades to gather his allies who are catalogued including morrheus , tectaphus , and aretus .
after his death , his valuable library of theatrical literature was catalogued for sale as " bibliotheca reediana " ( 1807 ) .
with the amount of research conducted on cancer genomes and the accumulation of databases documenting the mutational changes , it has been predicted that the most important cancer - causing mutations , rearrangements , and altered expression levels will be catalogued and well characterized within the next decade .
however , several dozen sessions on which haring led or arranged an orchestra have been catalogued by discographers , mostly falling between 1920 and 1931 .
" the power and the glory : the cult of manalo " catalogued what he believed to be the inc 's un - biblical doctrines . critics of the inc believe members of the inc and the public should be free to study educated criticisms directed at any doctrine of any religious group in the spirit of the free speech and religious freedom .
for that friday , the sari that was carried by the first of the 8 couples adorns the deity but the other sarees are catalogued and dates are assigned when they would adorn the deity .
not a traveler or explorer like many of the scientists of the time , he remained in vienna where he studied and catalogued specimens sent to him from the field .
sánchez is the second highest goalscorer of all time in the guatemalan league , and has been catalogued by journalists of the region as one of the best players in the history of the nation 's football .
one of the most endangered archaeological sites in virginia , the remains of a large thirteenth century ad 13-ringed palisaded indian community was found next to indian point , nationally catalogued as 44st2 .
the japanese portrayed and catalogued taiwan ’s indigenous peoples in a welter of statistical tables , magazine and newspaper articles , photograph albums for popular consumption ” .
in early europe , they gathered up and catalogued descriptions of strange animals from distant lands or deep seas , such as are recorded in the " physiologus " and in the works of albertus magnus .
he became a member of the society of antiquaries in 1852 , and in 1877 was a member of the committee which organized the caxton exhibition , for which he catalogued the collection of bibles .
hd 98800 , also catalogued as tv crateris ( tv crt ) , is a quadruple star system approximately 150 light - years away in the constellation of crater ( the cup ) .
44 prints have been catalogued and digitised .
french works , of which the catalogued collection included relatively few , included a set of the " seven sacraments " and 5 other works by poussin .
debord has been the subject of numerous biographies , works of fiction , artworks and songs , many of which are catalogued in the bibliography by shigenobu gonzalves , " guy debord ou la beaute du negatif " .
one of the most widely known works of abel became famous due to a misattribution : in the 19th century , a manuscript symphony in the hand of wolfgang amadeus mozart , was catalogued as his " symphony no .
poolaw 's photographic legacy – which his daughter , linda arranged to have printed , catalogued and exhibited after his death in 1984-record this intersection of cultures and transformation of family life , work and leisure in images of engaging thoughtfulness and sensitivity .
( johnson 's 20-strikeout performance was originally catalogued separately by mlb because it occurred in the first nine innings of an extra - inning game , but has since been accepted .
chantepie 's phenomenology catalogued observable characteristics of religion much like a zoologist would categorize animals or an entomologist would categorize insects .
muslims developed a scientific approach to agriculture based on three major elements ; sophisticated systems of crop rotation , highly developed irrigation techniques , and the introduction of a large variety of crops which were studied and catalogued according to the season , type of land and amount of water they require .
his most important methodological innovation was his insistence that " all " artefacts , not just beautiful or unique ones , be collected and catalogued .
( it is interesting that , although these works are really transcriptions , they are always catalogued and published as original liszt works .
chthon has an extraordinary knowledge of the dark mystical forces of the cosmos , and catalogued the evil spells of the demonic elder gods of earth in the darkhold , a virtually indestructible collection of evil mystical knowledge and spells that he intended to serve as the medium through which he could return to earth .
handel 's works have been catalogued in the " händel - werke - verzeichnis " and are commonly referred to by a hwv number .
demosthenes ' speeches were incorporated into the body of classical greek literature that was preserved , catalogued and studied by scholars of the hellenistic period .
in 1588 pope sixtus v , in support of the spanish armada , renewed the solemn bull of excommunication against queen elizabeth i , for the regicide of mary , queen of scots in 1587 as well as the previously catalogued offences against the catholic church .
the botanists jacques labillardière , claude riche and étienne pierre ventenat collected and catalogued almost 5000 specimens including the blue gum ( " eucalyptus globulus " ) which later became tasmania 's floral emblem .
he eventually found three pieces of the original composition ( one in st. petersburg , one in finland , one in klin ) and reconstructed from them the concertstück for flute , th 247 , now catalogued as a posthumous work by tchaikovsky .
the behams catalogued below , which scharf 's erroneously ascribed to mielich , were appropriately complemented by portraits by two of the artist 's german contemporaries , cranach and hans krell .
it was originally catalogued as a faint nebula .
the geological museum at the university of wyoming is open to the public and houses more than 50,000 catalogued mineral , rock , and fossil specimens , including a dinosaur exhibit .
by 2008 about 2500 metabolites of an estimated total of 2900 had been identified and catalogued .
more than 50 monuments have been catalogued as part of the citation by unesco world heritage .
it is the first biography of wellcome to have been published since both his personal and business papers were catalogued .
charles messier catalogued it as object m31 in 1764 and incorrectly credited marius as the discoverer , unaware of al sufi 's earlier work .
next , the maps are transferred to the office of surface mining national mine map repository in green tree , pennsylvania , where they are catalogued and scanned into a digital format .
the zaratan is catalogued in jorge luis borges 's " el libro de los seres imaginarios " ( the book of imaginary beings ) .
much unpublished textual and visual material entrusted to the rai over the years is held in the manuscript collection , which is being conserved and catalogued on a continuing basis .
currently an old house still exists which has a catalogued fresco from the 15th century and is situated with a beautiful view into the sourrounding valleys .
the route reconnaissance conducted by less than 30 officers and non - commissioned officers is believed to the longest route recon conducted in modern times ; the men assigned the task catalogued every bridge , route constriction and obstruction , hill grade , and curve radius for nearly .
at the argentine site , the just 50 m² large " loma del " pterodaustro " , since then during several expeditions over 750 " pterodaustro " specimens have been collected , 288 of them having been catalogued until 2008 .
during his lifetime he issued a portfolio of seven plates , and in 1875 david laing catalogued and published the complete series of his etchings and dry - points , supplying the place of a few copper - plates that had been lost by reproductions , in his " etchings of david wilkie and andrew geddes " .
at the behest of the committee , dr robert hogg , at the time vice - president of the royal horticultural society , author of " the fruit manual " , and editor of the " rhs journal " ; and local doctor and former president of the woolhope club , dr henry graves bull , catalogued and described the fruit displayed at the shows .
he painted , catalogued , and described the birds of north america in a form far superior to what had gone before .
however only a relative few have been translated and catalogued .
the iron maiden is often associated with the middle ages , but in fact was not invented until the late 18th century : no account of the iron maiden can be found earlier than 1793 , although medieval torture devices were elaborately catalogued with horrified fascination and reproduced during the 19th century for collectors of the macabre .
the " national dex " allows all pokémon from other regions to be catalogued .
the obak series , catalogued as t212 , was unique in that it was the first major set to exclusively feature players from pacific coast league teams .
the torres de satélite have been catalogued by unesco as architectural heritage .
in 2004 , mod was asked to work with the firm of american architect jon jerde ( the jerde partnership ) , and to develop a website that catalogued jerde ’s influential work , which includes horton plaza , the mall of america , the bellagio ( hotel and casino ) , and the los angeles 1984 summer olympics .
based on the mechanism of creation , slags can be catalogued as furnace slag , tapping slag , crucible slag , etc .
the collection suffered war damage and whilst catalogued the database is not computerized .
since the advent of organized matchbox collectors ' clubs ( see below , " matchbox collectors " ) , models and their variations have been coded and catalogued , and values have been roughly established .
from 1989 to 2008 , requests made to the federal government were catalogued in the coordination of access to information requests system .
airmed arranged and catalogued the herbs , but then dian cécht again reacted with anger and jealousy and scattered the herbs , destroying his daughter 's work as well as his son 's .
these objects and their history were catalogued in more detail in a book schramm authored together with the eminent art historian florentine mütherich , " denkmale der deutschen könige und kaiser " ( 1962 ) ( monuments of the german kings and emperors ) .
using his photographic equipment and an odometer he crafted from an old bicycle , masa meticulously catalogued a significant number of peaks , the distances between them , and the names given to them by the local settlers and the cherokee .
at oxford university , he catalogued manuscripts in the collection of the bodleian library , and also had teaching duties .
there are 131 species of birds and ten species of fruit bats , and many dwelling mammals , reptiles , and rodents yet to be fully catalogued .
lambda muscae ( λ mus / λ muscae ) , often catalogued hd 102249 or hip 57363 , is the fourth brightest star in the southern hemisphere constellation of musca ( the fly ) .
however , the masthead for these issues indicates that the magazine remained bimonthly , and so they are now usually catalogued as november 1954 and january 1955 , respectively ; the copyright dates on the last two issues correspond to these dates .
nineteen attacks on it are catalogued by falconer madan in the " dictionary of national biography " .
in 1401 , the town ’s name was catalogued as " twinginburg " .
over 3,000 building blocks were labelled and catalogued for future restoration .
a complete list of the hybrids is catalogued in the records of the agri - horticultural society of india .
this album contains 60 gelatin silver photographs by hurley , all of which have been catalogued and digitised .
every usable piece was measured and catalogued .
the rainfall also flooded two fire houses in somerville with several feet of water , and the water treatment plant in bridgewater township with 18 inches ( 457 mm ) of floodwaters in what was catalogued as a 50-year flood event .
a large number of fauna have been catalogued in the park including some that were previously thought to be extinct .
this sense is catalogued in the oxford english dictionary from 1936 and 1955 , but it seems only to have entered general usage in the 1960s .
adept catalogued several of the artifacts and their respective data in her mind , to further process them upon returning to earth .
finzi and his wife catalogued and edited gurney 's works for publication .
in 1912 he was put in charge of the eastern section of the litton library of the college where he catalogued the books .
only 15 paintings in the printed catalogue of 1727 had been inherited by philippe ii from his father , philippe i , duc d'orléans ( 1640 - 1701 ) ; the " collection " as catalogued was by no means all the art owned by the dukes , but recorded only that part kept together in the palais - royal for public viewing .
he was an authority on tasmanian fish and catalogued , described and drew pictures of his specimens .
in english the name is sometimes rendered " zdob shi zdub " and this is how their work is catalogued at itunes and elsewhere .
during the 1980s and onwards , " factsheet five " ( the name came from a short story by john brunner ) , originally published by mike gunderloy and now defunct , catalogued and reviewed any zine or small press creation sent to it , along with their mailing addresses .
buston catalogued all of the buddhist scriptures at shalah , some 4,569 religious and philosophical works and formatted them in a logical , coherent order .
he also catalogued the works of johann fux .
confederate napoleons were produced in at least six variations , most of which had straight muzzles , but at least eight catalogued survivors of 133 identified have muzzle swells .
the düben collection has been catalogued and is in the process of being scanned and published on the web : http://www.musik.uu.se/duben/duben.php
the family have been fully catalogued and illustrated in an identification guide .
gliese 777 c , often catalogued as gliese 777 ac or simply hd 190360 c , is an extrasolar planet approximately 52 light - years away in the constellation of cygnus .
her most recent recording of all of beethoven 's bagatelles for piano , contains the published sets of bagatelles , opus 33 , 119 and 126 , individual pieces such as the popular für elise , and also the first ever recording of what is believed to be the last piano piece that beethoven wrote , never before published or even catalogued ( the piece was edited by stephanie 's husband , the musicologist , peter mccallum ) .
the archives collection is catalogued through an onsite computer database , much of which is accessible through the archives page on the pillow ’s website .
the library has more than 4.5 million catalogued items , many of which are available electronically through electronic reserve , web - based online catalog , searchable databases and indexes .
again , eight volumes of mughal catalogues containing more than 26,000 documents of ist to 9th regal year of aurangzeb reign have been catalogued and published .
political and cultural leaders and minor players in the human drama are captured and catalogued to serve the research needs of a local , national and international user base .
m. guigue has catalogued the eleven " hermitages " ( eight of them for men and three for women ) which were distinctive of the ascetical life of christian lyon in the middle ages ; these were cells in which persons shut themselves up for life after four years of trial .
the number of peremptory norms is considered limited but not exclusively catalogued .
she sang important soprano roles in mozart operas in early performances , and mozart 's concert aria " bella mia fiamma " ( catalogued as k. 528 ) was written for her .
it is estimated that there are as many as 60,000 haviland porcelain patterns , though it is difficult to determine as many of the patterns have never been formally named or catalogued , and factory records are incomplete .
gertrude 's early efforts at word portraits are catalogued in mellow , 1974 , p. 129 - 37 and under individual 's names in kellner , 1988 .
through the first year of magellan image data " the tick " was thought to be a unique feature until an aide to the science team catalogued inconspicuous similar features all over venus .
the collection , purchased from the cronin family in 1995 , was transferred to marsh 's library in dublin , where the letters were catalogued .
he collected many books , newspapers etc . and hoped that once properly catalogued they could be preserved and used by future generations .
alan blackburn , former president of the joe meek appreciation society , is the only person known to the public who has listened to all these tapes , as he catalogued all of them in the mid 1980 's .
xo-1 b , also catalogued as gsc 02041 - 01657 b , is an extrasolar planet approximately 600 light - years away in the constellation of corona borealis .
all literature , including relevant journal articles and book chapters , is catalogued in the fiv database and can be searched via the dfi catalogue , as well as through further regional and national online catalogues .
this " highly accurate " painting , which hangs in the scottish national portrait gallery , was originally catalogued as " the battle of killiecrankie , 1689 " .
only in the early 1970s were historical buildings that were still standing systematically catalogued and ranked according to criteria for monumental protection .
it was described on the basis of a partial , well preserved articulated skeleton ( provisionally catalogued as bm hr 20 ) .
these missing leaves were supplemented by a 15th century minuscule hand ( folios 760 - 768 ) , and are catalogued separately as minuscule codex 1957 .
recorded vocalizations of 46 species of amphibians and 20 species of reptiles are catalogued in the museum 's bioacoustic archives .
among the first 17 catalogued x - ray sources are scorpius x-1 to x-3 , x-1 and x-2 sagittarius , and x-1 to x-4 cygni .
as such , " u 88 " would mean that the stone is from uppland and that it is the 88th to be catalogued .
purchased 1991 by ulster museum specimens catalogued : f8968 - f9145 .
both diseases could account for the appearance of wild , fierce ( with pain ) rabbits with " horns " as infected specimens have been found , catalogued and are well documented .
his collection of manuscripts and documents was given by his brother 's widow to cambridge university library in 1934 , and , long afterwards , was catalogued by sao saimong and andrew dalby .
