the verb morphology distinguishes passive and middle grammatical voice , as well as causative .
the rate of only 50% is likely to be due to individual choices in admixtures and ineffective diagnosis of the causative agent of infection .
the causative agent is a motile bacterium , " candidatus " liberibacter spp .
of particular note is that the chemical benzene , which is known to be emitted from gas flares in undocumented quantities , is well researched as being a causative agent for leukemia and other blood - related diseases .
the native eskimo diet provides rich sources of vitamin a and is possibly the cause or a causative factor .
prv is now extensively studied as a model for basic processes during lytic herpesvirus infection , and for unravelling molecular mechanisms of herpesvirus neurotropism , whereas bovine herpesvirus 1 , the causative agent of bovine infectious rhinotracheitis and pustular vulvovaginitis , is analyzed to elucidate molecular mechanisms of latency .
idh has been a causative factor in establishing ufo religion .
today , historians tend to analyze economic and military factors in the decline of rome , although generally allowing the spread of christianity an underlying causative role .
while stating the law of demand i.e. , while treating price as the causative factor , the relevant terms are expansion and contraction in demand .
a bird - adapted strain of h5n1 , called " hpai a(h5n1 ) " for " highly pathogenic avian influenza virus of type a of subtype h5n1 " , is the causative agent of h5n1 flu .
one hypothesized mechanism of disease , called the amyloid hypothesis , suggests that the causative agent is the hydrophobic peptide aβ , which forms quaternary structures that , by an unclear mechanism , cause neuronal death .
pseudomembranous colitis , usually caused by antibiotics use , is managed by discontinuing the causative agent and treating with either metronidazole or vancomycin .
front - vowel unrounded verbs that end in consonant + " -t " may have ambiguous ( coinciding , homonymous ) forms between plain and causative forms . approx .
prv is now extensively studied as a model for basic processes during lytic herpesvirus infection , and for unravelling molecular mechanisms of herpesvirus neurotropism , whereas bovine herpesvirus 1 , the causative agent of bovine infectious rhinotracheitis and pustular vulvovaginitis , is analyzed to elucidate molecular mechanisms of latency .
the discovery of disorders in the prostaglandin metabolism in primary osteo - arthropathy has led to suggestions that overproduction of pge2 by other tissues may be the causative factor for clubbing .
the new testament , like the old testament , references sodom as a place of god 's anger against sin , but the epistle of jude provides a certain class of sin as causative of its destruction , the meaning of which is disputed .
however , the relatively infrequent recognition of this syndrome has provided few cases for systematic study of possible causative factors .
by 1959 , b virus was identified as the causative agent in 17 human cases , 12 of which resulted in death .
the urethra , cervix and throat may be swabbed in an attempt to culture the causative organisms .
together , the reciprocal and causative extension make the repetitive extension " -iştir " .
an article published in " the lancet " identifies a coronavirus as the probable causative agent .
in many cases , the causative fault is deeply buried , and sometimes can not even be found .
the high - risk families come from ( mostly female ) children who carry a new causative mutation but are unaffected and transmit the dominant mutation to grandchildren .
research on pseudorabies virus , the causative agent of aujeszky 's disease in pigs , has pioneered animal disease control with genetically modified vaccines .
the hypothesis that tau is the primary causative factor has long been grounded in the observation that deposition of amyloid plaques does not correlate well with neuron loss .
therapy is typically changed once the causative bacteria are known and continued until symptoms resolve ( often 7 to 14 days ) .
if infection is present in aspiration pneumonia , the choice of antibiotic will depend on several factors , including the suspected causative organism and whether pneumonia was acquired in the community or developed in a hospital setting .
i.e. " , the defining factor is the primary causative influence of the criminal 's ability to avoid investigation and reprisal , and not so much the ability of the investigating authority to perform its duties .
verbs with polysyllabic roots have at least two forms , one with an intransitive or passive meaning and one with a transitive or causative meaning ; the former ends in , the latter in .
in 1898 nocard and roux reported the cultivation of the causative agent of cbpp , which was at that time a grave and widespread disease in cattle herds .
in england and wales , the permission of the attorney general is required for any prosecution in which it is alleged that the death occurred more than three years after the causative act , or when the offender has previously been convicted of an offence in connection with the death .
5-ht2a is a necessary receptor for clathrin mediated endocytosis of the human polyoma virus called jc virus , the causative agent of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ) , that enters cells like oligodendrocytes , astrocytes , b lymphocytes , and kidney epithelial cells .
he also studied the function of histiocytes , he confirmed that the whooping cough bacillus discovered by jules bordet was the causative agent , and he worked on improvements in classification of tumours , particularly meningiomas , and cirrhosis of the liver .
tuberculosis is diagnosed definitively by identifying the causative organism ( " mycobacterium tuberculosis " ) in a clinical sample ( for example , sputum or pus ) .
for example , " strep throat " is often diagnosed within minutes , and is based on the appearance of antigens made by the causative agent , " s. pyogenes " , that is retrieved from a patients throat with a cotton swab .
many studies indicate that " c. jejuni " may be causative for a subset of some forms of neuropathies .
" tau - ists " believe that the tau protein abnormalities initiate the disease cascade , while " ba - ptists " believe that beta amyloid deposits are the causative factor in the disease .
generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures plus ( gefs+ ) is an umbrella for many other syndromes that share causative genes .
food preparation techniques such as pickling and salting do not exterminate the causative agent .
in sino - tibetan , classical tibetan has a " directive " prefix /d/- , and nung has a causative prefix /d/- ( positions do not apply because sino - tibetan verbs have at most two prefixes depending on the language ) .
economists agree on its certain causative factors , but not over its causes .
notice that ( 1)-(4 ) are all " causative events " ( see above ) .
since exposure to such levels of elfs is relatively uncommon , the world health organization concludes that elf exposure , if later proven to be causative , would account for just 100 to 2400 cases worldwide each year , representing 0.2 to 4.95% of the total incidence for that year .
current protocols largely focus on stretches to release overtensed muscles in the pelvic or anal area ( commonly referred to as trigger points ) , physical therapy to the area , and progressive relaxation therapy to reduce causative stress .
it is arguable that other types of causative event can also trigger an obligation to make restitution , but the above two are by far the most important .
life threatening fungal infections in humans most often occur in immunocompromised patients or vulnerable people with a weakened immune system , although fungi are common problems in the immunocompetent population as the causative agents of skin , nail or yeast infections .
toxoplasmosis , the disease of which " t. gondii " is the causative agent , is usually minor and self - limiting but can have serious or even fatal effects on a fetus whose mother first contracts the disease during pregnancy or on an immunocompromised human or cat .
all eight demonstrated that autism rates failed to decline despite removal of thiomersal , arguing strongly against a causative role .
upon recognition that the syndrome does not seem to be seasonally - restricted , and that it may not be a " disease " in the standard sense — that there may not be a specific causative agent — the syndrome was renamed .
have ignored the causative factors ( independent variables ) of the concentration of hydrogen ions ( denoted [ h+ ] ) .
he microscopically examined sections of sores excised in their early stages , before they ulcerated , and was able to detect oval bodies with a nucleus and a small process , which were usually located inside host cells , and made the correct conclusion that the observed organisms are the causative agents of this disease , and correctly ascribed it to protozoa .
this protection supports a gradual reduction in inflammation and other skin problems as the external causative agents are repelled by an intact skin barrier .
these are grouped by the manufacturer into several categories , which are in cases somewhat arbitrary and do not always reflect the clinical features of the diseases caused by the organisms ; indeed , some microbes such as the t4 bacteriophage and martian life do not represent causative agents of disease in humans at all .
the compound vasicine ( peganine ) , found in the plant " peganum harmala " , has been tested " in vitro " against the promastigote stage of " leishmania donovani " , the causative agent of visceral leishmaniasis .
in 1883 the causative microbe " corynebacterium diphtheriae " was discovered by dr. edwin klebs ( 1834 - 1913 ) .
jean - claude chermann is a french virologist who played a major role in the research team which , by 1983 , headed by luc montagnier , had discovered the causative virus .
the causative gene at the ejm2 locus has not been identified .
welcome to theodor bilharz research institute : theodor bilharz research institute ( tbri ) is a governmental medical research institution named after the german scientist theodor bilharz who discovered , in autopsy material at kasr el aini hospital , the causative agent of haematuria : schistosoma worm , during his work in egypt in 1851 .
on january 18 , 1977 the causative agent was identified as a previously unknown bacterium , subsequently named " legionella " .
" s. bovis " is a known human pathogen that has been implicated as a causative agent of endocarditis , and , more rarely , neonatal septicemia and meningitis .
the causative factor is not known , but several pathogeneses have been suggested .
if an epidemic of cholera is suspected , the most common causative agent is " vibrio cholerae " o1 .
example stems are : -aku :- pung - kvna- , -aku:- ' by striking ' ( itself from aki ' strike ' plus -u:- permissive / causative ) , -(a)pvna-'kill / die ' , -kvna ' in a boat or afloat ' , meaning ' to kill by striking while afloat ' .
poliovirus , the causative agent of poliomyelitis , is a human enterovirus and member of the family of picornaviridae .
much of the philosophy of traditional chinese medicine derived from empirical observations of disease and illness by taoist physicians and reflects the classical chinese belief that individual human experiences express causative principles effective in the environment at all scales .
andes virus ( andv ) is a hantavirus , which , in south america , is a major causative agent of hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome ( hcps or hps ) .
treatment for eds usually involves treating the underlying causative factor(s ) .
they also wrote that considering only whether electromagnetic radiation was a causative factor was not meeting the needs of sufferers , although continued research on etiology was essential .
the hereditary ataxias are categorized by mode of inheritance and causative gene or chromosomal locus .
a recent research study provided evidence that " legionella pneumophila " , the causative agent of legionnaires ' disease , can travel at least 6 km from its source by airborne spread .
these views of god as a causative being parallel surin ’s phrase in section 8.1 : “
it includes the causative agent of colorado tick fever .
while conceding that genetics may still be a causative risk factor they maintain " other evidence shows that genes alone do not cause the illness .
clinical guidelines for the treatment of community - acquired pneumonia developed by the american thoracic society and the infectious diseases society of america recommend that linezolid be reserved for cases in which mrsa has been confirmed as the causative organism , or when mrsa infection is suspected based on the clinical presentation .
" mycobacterium leprae " and " mycobacterium lepromatosis " are the causative agents of leprosy .
the causative organism " rickettsia " is an obligate parasite and can not survive for long outside living cells .
this language shows a number of hebrew features have been taken into jewish aramaic : the letter he is often used instead of aleph to mark a word - final long " a " vowel and the prefix of the causative verbal stem , and the masculine plural ending " -īm " often replaces " -īn " .
in 85% of patients , adpkd is caused by mutations in the gene " pkd1 " on chromosome 16 ( trpp1 ) ; in 15% of patients mutations in " pkd2 " ( trpp2 ) are causative .
chronic inhalation of irritating fumes or dust from occupational exposure or air pollution may also be causative .
the addition of ' to this patterns yields the reciprocal causative : 'cause to do to each other ' .
the prospect of introducing genetically modified organisms into the human body 's flora has raised muted concerns that have required additional study to address , including the prospect that bcs3-l1 might be more harmful than native " s. mutans " as a causative agent of inflammatory heart disease .
one example of a double causative is also included here ; these are not possible in all varieties .
such information may be useful to the clinician , who can change the empirical treatment , to a more custom - tailored treatment that is directed only at the causative bacterium .
in 1884 friedrich loeffler discovered the causative organism ( corynebacterium diphtheriae . )
the causative agent of brucellosis in dogs is " brucella canis " .
the causative agent japanese encephalitis virus is an enveloped virus of the genus flavivirus ; it is closely related to the west nile virus and st. louis encephalitis virus .
central morocco tamazight grammar has many features typical of afro - asiatic languages , including extensive apophony in both the derivational and inflectional morphology , gender , possessive suffixes , vso typology , the causative morpheme /s/ , and use of the status constructus .
the causative mechanisms are poorly understood but involve complex neurological and vascular factors .
it will kill the causative agents of typhoid , gastroenteritis ( some agents ) , rabies , enteric fever , cholera , several forms of meningitis , whooping cough , gonorrhea and several types of dysentery .
the term multiple endocrine neoplasia is used when two or more endocrine tumor types , known to occur as a part of one of the defined men syndromes , occurs in a single patient and there is evidence for either a causative mutation or hereditary transmission .
the causative agent may be " clostridium perfringens " , type a , but the bacteria are recoverable only in the preliminary stages of the disease .
nascher concluded , as do most geriatricians today , " senescence is not due to any one cause . " " [ d]isease is not ( always ) a causative or even an essential factor .
" andricus curvator " , the causative agent of the ' collared - bud gall ' shows a marked preference for depositing its eggs on buds already colonised by " a. fecundatrix " .
" there are also some commonalities in the sequential ordering of verbal affixes : typically the transitive / causative " * s- " is directly before the verb stem ( –1 ) , a pronominal agent or patient in the next position ( –2 ) .
once a diagnosis of asthma , rhinitis , anaphylaxis , or other allergic disease has been made , there are several methods for discovering the causative agent of that allergy .
however , the causative mechanism remains uncertain .
3rd ) , unmarked for number , are prefixed , coming before voice prefixes ( such as ma(m ) -passive , tu:- causative , u:- permissive , t- circumstantial ( with allomorphs t- , tv- , tu:- , ts- , chi:- , chi- , ch- ) , l- back , in response to , etc . ) .
although scripture uses strong causative verbs , many books about evil and god use no verbs stronger than the permissive “ allow ”
it is the causative agent of chronic respiratory disease in chicken and infectious sinusitis in turkeys .
however , prominent modern thought attributes other causative mechanisms to autism and autistic spectrum disorders ( see autism ) .
the low level of uric acid found in ms victims is manifestedly causative rather than a consequence of tissue damage in the white matter lesions , but not in the grey matter lesions ..
there are three types of derivation forms : causative , reflexive and passive .
this is because " escherichia coli " is the most likely causative pathogen , and it is known to be sensitive to quinolone treatment .
eumycetoma usually involves the subcutaneous tissue after a traumatic inoculation of the causative organism .
these mutations are likely not wholly causative and should instead be thought of as giving susceptibility .
they also used " yersinia pestis " ( the causative agent of the black death ) to challenge mice with a latent infection of gammaherpesvirus 68 , and they found the mice did have an increased resistance to the bacteria .
neisseria meningitidis is the main causative pathogen of meningitis epidemics in sub - saharan africa during december to april .
similarly , the verbs ( active ) and ( its causative counterpart ) both mean " to pass " , but the former is intransitive ( as in " he passed by susan " ) and the latter is transitive ( as in " he passed the salt to susan " )
causative voice .
there is an association between vasectomy and prostate cancer however more research is needed to determine if this is a causative relationship .
some members of " yersinia " are pathogenic in humans ; in particular , " y. pestis " is the causative agent of the plague .
the precise mechanism of tangle formation is not completely understood , and it is still controversial whether tangles are a primary causative factor in the disease or play a more peripheral role .
this ambiguity does n't occur with back - vowel verbs because the linking vowel is different for the normal past tense and the causative , e.g. " bonto'"tta " " s / he demolished it " ( " bont- " + " -otta " ) vs. " bonta'"tta " " s / he had it demolished " ( " bont- " + " -at- " + " -ta " ) .
thus , some researchers think urate - induced oxidative stress is causative in stroke , while others suggest the exact opposite , that urate is neuroprotective by means of its antioxidant properties .
it is also the causative agent of cat - scratch disease ( bartonellosis ) which , as the name suggests , occurs after a cat bite or scratch .
the causative extension makes an intransitive verb transitive , and a transitive verb factitive .
bacterial cultures taken from the blood , joint aspirates or other sites can identify the causative agent of the disease .
wend " was originally the causative of " wind " and often intransitive .
the term disease causative agent usually refers to a biological agents pathogen that causes a disease .
mixtec causative verbs are indicated by the prefix " s- " .
causative syntax .
they themselves are not causative elements but can be compared to traffic signs .
" coccidioides posadasii " is a pathogenic fungus that , along with " coccidioides immitis " , is the causative agent of coccidioidomycosis ( " valley fever " ) in humans .
seismologists usually define strong ground motion as the strong earthquake shaking that occurs close to ( less than about 50 km from ) a causative fault .
the significance and economic impact of coronaviruses as causative agents of the common cold are hard to assess because , unlike rhinoviruses ( another common cold virus ) , human coronaviruses are difficult to grow in the laboratory .
causative or intensive forms are formed with the doubled d - stem , and it gets its name from the doubled middle radical that is characteristic of this form .
further causative factors are currently being researched , namely the combined exposure to sunlight , alcohol and seawater ( an daingean triad ) .
the next is the intensive state , or " pa``el " , form of the verb , which usually carries an intensified meaning , the third is the extensive state , or ' , form of the verb , which is often causative in meaning .
if the patient remains febrile after 4 - 5 days and no causative organism for the infection has been identified , antibiotics are , in general , changed to a glycopeptide ( e.g. , vancomycin ) , and subsequently an antifungal agent ( e.g. , amphotericin b ) is added to the regimen .
feline immunodeficiency virus ( fiv ) is a lentivirus that affects domesticated housecats worldwide and is the causative agent of feline aids .
some strains of " s. aureus " also produce an enterotoxin that is the causative agent of " s. aureus " gastroenteritis .
neutral mutations must be separated from causative mutations , via extensive breeding .
african swine fever virus ( asfv ) is the causative agent of african swine fever .
of particular note is that the chemical benzene , which is known to be emitted from gas flares in undocumented quantities , is well researched as being a causative agent for leukemia and other blood - related diseases .
as its rule suggests , the causative passive is used to express causation passively : 両親に勉強させられる " ryōshin ni benkyō saserareru " : " ( i ) am made to study by ( my ) parents " .
weichselbaum is remembered for his contributions made in the field of bacteriology , and in 1887 was the first to isolate the causative agent of cerebrospinal meningitis , which he called " diplococcus intracellularis meningitidis " .
in germanic , the deverbative derivation was almost exclusively made by changing the vowel of the root to o - grade and adding the causative / iterative * -éye
he also coined the term " stressor " to refer to the causative event or stimulus , as opposed to the resulting state of stress .
it is the causative agent of boutonneuse fever , a member of the spotted fever group .
the causative poison is okadaic acid which inhibits intestinal cellular phosphorylation .
some of them are claimed to have a special agreement pattern that they share with causative constructions : their logical object , like the causee , receives , in the verb , the directive infix , but in the noun , the dative suffix if animate and the directive if inanimate .
while the association of amylin with the development of type 2 diabetes has been known for some time , a direct causative role for amylin has been harder to establish .
conditions demonstrating linear lesions after a linear exposure to a causative agent include : molluscum contagiosum , warts and toxicodendron dermatitis ( a dermatitis caused by a genus of plants including poison ivy ) .
there are at least five types of gefs+ , delineated by their causative gene .
is used to specify grammatical concepts such as causative , intensive , passive or reflexive , and mostly involves varying the consonants of a stem form .
it is used to detect the causative allergen for an allergy .
as of yet , no causative agent has been found in blood , spinal fluid , or brain tissue .
a major causative factor ( 60% of gastric and up to 90% of duodenal ulcers ) is chronic inflammation due to " helicobacter pylori " that colonizes the antral mucosa .
this condition was dubbed analgesic nephropathy and was attributed to phenacetin , although no absolute causative role was demonstrated .
asymptomatic or subclinical infection carriers are now known to be a common feature of many infectious diseases , especially viruses such as polio , herpes simplex , hiv and hepatitis c. as a specific example , all doctors and virologists agree that poliovirus causes paralysis in just a few infected subjects , and the success of the polio vaccine in preventing disease supports the conviction that the poliovirus is the causative agent .
mimivirus may be a causative agent of some forms of pneumonia ; this is based mainly on indirect evidence in the form of antibodies to the virus discovered in pneumonia patients .
no infectious virus has yet been isolated as a causative agent , however , and other evidence suggests that an intrinsic hyperresponsive reaction to vitamin d and rank ligand is the cause .
fire and mello 's discovery was particularly notable because it represented the first identification of the causative agent for the phenomenon .
the three major substances thought to be causative triggers are histamine , phenylethylamine , and tyramine .
while some reports indicate that cannabis can lessen the severity of mania and depression symptoms , others indicate cannabis can trigger mania and has been noted to have " a detrimental and potentially causative role in the development of psychosis . "
common features shared by lunar rilles and similar structures on other bodies suggest that common causative mechanisms operate widely in the solar system .
it is not yet certain if the fungus is a causative agent in the bat deaths , or merely an opportunistic pathogen .
while this intracellular organism has been demonstrated in atherosclerotic plaques , evidence is inconclusive as to whether it can be considered a causative factor .
pre - eclampsia refers to a set of symptoms rather than any causative factor , and there are many different causes for the condition .
several infectious agents appear to be significantly associated with sarcoidosis but none of the known associations is specific enough to suggest a direct causative role .
in 1908 , inada and ito first identified it as the causative organism and in 1916 noted its presence in rats .
a variety of pathogenic bacteria were initially suspected of being causative agents of crohn 's disease .
although no causative relation between the exosome complex and any disease is known , several proteins in the exosome are the target of autoantibodies in patients with specific autoimmune diseases ( especially the scl overlap syndrome ) and some antimetabolitic chemotherapies for cancer function by blocking the activity of the exosome .
a team of independent microbiologists set up at the time of the recall concluded that pseudomonas fluorescens has “ very rarely been found to be the causative agent of illness . ”
by itself , the prefix ' usually signals causative voice ; the subject of the sentence is then a causer of the event who is not the immediate agent .
" legionella " species are the causative agent of the human " legionnaires ' disease " and the lesser form , pontiac fever .
he differentiated it from " burkholderia mallei " , the causative agent of glanders , by clinical and microbiological features .
fus has recently been implicated as causative for approximately 1 in 20 cases of familial ( inherited ) amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
if the causative microorganism is unidentified , different antibiotics are tested in the laboratory in order to identify which medication will be most effective .
changes to the vowels in between the consonants , along with prefixes and/or suffixes , specify grammatical functions such as tense , person and number , in addition to changes in the meaning of the verb that embody grammatical concepts such as causative , intensive , passive or reflexive .
nolland ’s belief lends itself to this connection , in that his causative translation of the verb linking councils and synagogues ( ‘ councils , and will have you flogged in ... ’ ) makes a clearer connection between the action in each group .
an older name for " mycoplasma " was pleuropneumonia - like organisms ( pplo ) , referring to organisms similar to the causative agent of contagious bovine pleuropneumonia ( cbpp ) .
the divehi verbal system is characterized by a derivational relationship between active , causative and involitive / intransitive verb forms .
in 1880 , alphonse laveran discovered that the causative agent of malaria is a parasite .
all of these conditions share the same symptoms and can share the same causative agents .
the hepatitis b vaccine is the first vaccine that has been established to prevent cancer ( hepatocellular carcinoma ) by preventing infection with the causative virus .
moreover , central morocco tamazight contains a causative morpheme /s/ , evident in all afro - asiatic subfamilies , as well as in other macrofamilies , such as the niger - congo languages .
similar grounds have been found for questioning much of the philosophy behind traditional chinese medicine , which , derived mainly from taoist philosophy , reflects the classical chinese belief that individual human experiences express causative principles effective in the environment at all scales .
for example , blood tests can identify the causative organisms in severe pneumonia , puerperal fever , pelvic inflammatory disease , neonatal epiglottitis , sepsis , and fever of unknown origin ( fuo ) .
koch 's postulates are four criteria designed to establish a causal relationship between a causative microbe and a disease .
the causative agents , origin of the disease , and involved candidate genes are currently unknown , but much research has been done in pursuit of the answers .
these observations led to the conclusion that the causative agent of pap is a virus .
like anaplasma phagocytophilum , the causative agent of human granulocytic ehrlichiosis , ehrlichia ewingii infects neutrophils .
its causative agent , poliovirus , was identified in 1908 by karl landsteiner .
shared boots , wraps , grooming supplies , and horse - handler 's hands can all serve as fomites , carrying the causative organism(s ) from one individual to another .
in 1890 bostroem reportedly isolated the causative organism of actinomycosis from a culture of grain , grasses , and soil .
for example , classic mongolian features five voices : active , passive , causative , reciprocal and cooperative .
all languages also have lexical causative forms ( such as english " rise " → " raise " ) .
the syphilis tpha test is an indirect hemagglutination assay used for the detection and titration of antibodies against the causative agent of syphilis,"treponema pallidum " subspecies " pallidum " .
it can also be found throughout the arab world and southern europe ( where the causative organism is " l. infantum " ) , and a slightly different strain of the pathogen , " l. chagasi " , is responsible for leishmaniasis in the new world .
another factor causative of this was school management ’s new requirement to make all of soas smoke free .
causative organisms include protozoans , viral and bacterial pathogens .
thus the causative agent and the response are separated in time , and may not be obviously related .
using primarily sera from early , acute lyme patients , steere formulated serodiagnostic criteria for western blotting , a technique which identifies antibodies in the serum directed against foreign antigen , in this case , " b. burdorferi " , the causative agent of lyme disease .
inoculation is the placement of something that will grow or reproduce , and is most commonly used in respect of the introduction of a serum , vaccine , or antigenic substance into the body of a human or animal , especially to produce or boost immunity to a specific disease ; but also can be used to refer to the communication of a disease to a living organism by transferring its causative agent into the organism , to implant microorganisms or infectious material into a culture medium such as a brewers vat or a petri dish , to safeguard as if by inoculation , to introduce an idea or attitude into someone 's mind , any placement of microorganisms or viruses at a site where infection is possible such as to increase soybeans ' nitrogen fixation one can treat soybeans at planting with rhizobium japonicum inoculant .
old norse " kenna " ( modern icelandic " kenna " , swedish " känna " , danish " kende " , norwegian bokmål and nynorsk " kjenne " ) is cognate with old english " cennan " , old frisian " kenna " , " kanna " , old saxon ( " ant")"kennian " ( middle dutch and dutch " kennen " ) , old high german ( " ir- " , " in- " , " pi- " ) " chennan " ( middle high german and german " kennen " ) , gothic " kannjan " < proto - germanic * " kannjanan " , originally causative of * " kunnanan " “ to know ( how to ) ” , whence modern english " can " ' to be able ' ( from the same proto - indo european root as modern english " know " and latin - derived " cognition " ) .
the causative pathogens of onychomycosis include dermatophytes , " candida " , and non - dermatophytic moulds .
these results suggested that " h. pylori " was the causative agent of gastritis .
verbs are marked for voice : active , causative , middle , and passive .
one solution to this problem is relocating the employee in the same company away from the causative agents .
the treatment includes lowering the increased intracranial pressure and starting intravenous antibiotics ( and meanwhile identifying the causative organism mainly by blood culture studies ) .
for the monogenic diseases , the frequency of causative alleles usually correlates best with ancestry , whether familial ( for example , ellis - van creveld syndrome among the pennsylvania amish ) , ethnic ( tay - sachs disease among ashkenazi jewish populations ) , or geographical ( hemoglobinopathies among people with ancestors who lived in malarial regions ) .
this accusation was frequently cast in terms of " anti - semitism , " but , whatever the truth of these accusations , insinuations of a causative connection between wellhausen 's endeavour and the events that transpired in germany in the decades after his death are problematic at most .
causative .
the conservative position does not deny this important cultural aspect , but tends to see the refusal to repent as being the main issue behind jesus condemnation , with this being causative of the particular inhospitality shown by the cities jesus referred to .
the causative organism can be isolated by blood culture , and penicillin is the most common treatment .
for example , " -chi " is a causative and " -ku " is a reflexive ( example : " wañuy " = " to die " ; " wañuchiy " = to kill " wañuchikuy " = " to commit suicide " ) ; " -naku " is used for mutual action ( example : " marq'ay"= " to hug " ; " marq'anakuy"= " to hug each other " ) , and " -chka " is a progressive , used for an ongoing action ( e.g. , " mikhuy " = " to eat " ; " mikhuchkay " = " to be eating " ) .
theories have been proposed that this description may have some relation to notions of the jordan river due to phonetic and typological similarities perceived by eilífr , though there may be no other causative connection .
one year later , close to the group kio , to that they sold the majority of control of the society urbanor in exchange for 12 % that the kuwaiti group had in the central bank ( causative operation of the spectacular revaluation of urbanor 's actions ) , they create the society cartera central .
the most rapidly effective treatment in infants with severe hemorrhage and/or severe thrombocytopenia ( < 30x109/l ) is the transfusion of compatible platelets ( i.e. platelets from a donor who , like the mother lacks the causative antigen ) .
causative agent .
additional causes include inappropriate antibiotics for the causative organism ( ie drsp ) , a previously unsuspected microorganism ( such as tuberculosis ) , or a condition which mimics cap ( such as wegener 's granulomatosis ) .
with the finding that mutations in trpm6 ( on chromosome 9 ) are causative for the disorder this is no longer the case .
this treaty became a significant causative factor leading to serious internal conflicts within japan — an upheaval which was only resolved in 1867 with the end of the tokugawa shogunate and the beginning of the meiji restoration .
although the causative genes are widely expressed in all of the known polyglutamine diseases , each disease displays an extremely selective pattern of neurodegeneration .
the causative suffix " -ay " is attached to the verbal root ( this may cause vowel sandhi to take place ) .
the eye findings of parinaud 's syndrome generally improve slowly over months , especially with resolution of the causative factor ; continued resolution after the first 3 - 6 months of onset is uncommon .
as type species ( name giving species ) of the pplo's / mycoplasma 's edward and freundt proposed " mycoplasma mycoides " , being the causative organism of " bovine pleuropneumonia " and referring to the " pleuropneumonia'"-like organisms " .
the causative agents of ded are ascomycete microfungi .
in statistics , an ancestral graph can be used to represent the statistical dependencies , and notional causative effects , between random variables .
proponents of a2 milk claim that bcm7 may be a causative factor in diverse conditions including heart disease , diabetes , or autism .
it can be usefully subclassified on the basis of the causative organism ( pyogenic bacteria or mycobacteria ) , the route , duration and anatomic location of the infection .
as yet , no explanation exists as to why it produced this reaction , and some researchers have questioned whether clioquinol was the causative agent in the disease , noting that the drug had been used for 20 years prior to the epidemic without incident , and that the smon cases began to reduce in number prior to the discontinuation of the drug .
w often vocalizes to u : or o : or drops ( depending on preceding material ) : tu:- causative plus wvshta : gu : ' work ' is tu : vshta : gu : ' make work ' .
in sickle cell the causative agent is normally from the salmonella species .
" mycobacterium leprae " , the causative agent of leprosy , was discovered by g. h. armauer hansen in norway in 1873 , making it the first bacterium to be identified as causing disease in humans .
a common prefix with faka- , with a variety of meanings , the most common being a causative one ( e.g. ako " to learn " , fakaako " to teach " ) .
this species can be bioluminescent , and is one of the several causative species of foxfire .
after identification " b. burgdorferi " as the causative agent of lyme disease , antibiotics were selected for testing , guided by " in vitro " antibiotic sensitivities , including tetracycline antibiotics , amoxicillin , cefuroxime axetil , intravenous and intramuscular penicillin and intravenous ceftriaxone .
the causative organism is found in asia , eastern europe , the middle east , a belt across central africa and south africa and madagascar ( " see map ")
the " pkx organism " , the causative agent of the disease , had been recognized as some form of malacosporean , but the absence of mature spores in salmonid hosts , the lack of fish to fish transmission , and seasonality of the disease suggest that the life cycle of pkx was completed in another host and that infection of salmonids could be accidental .
skeptic robert sheaffer also cites research done into hypnosis as a method for enhancing memory that concludes that false memories , subjectively real to the patient , can be created merely through suggestions while they are in a hypnotic trance as support for the hypothesis that hypnosis itself is the causative source of some abduction claims .
the most common area for a loss of sensory perception ( except where the arm faces a total loss ) is that between the shoulder and the elbow since the nerves which provide information from that area to the brain are also those first damaged in the initial causative trauma .
chagas disease is the most significant example , because it is difficult to directly demonstrate the presence of the causative agent , " trypanosoma cruzi " in a patient , which therefore makes it difficult to definitively make a diagnosis .
other apicomplexan pathogens include the malaria parasite " plasmodium " , and " toxoplasma " , the causative agent of toxoplasmosis .
he is also credited with the characterization of a neural pathway known as the guillain - mollaret triangle or myoclonic triangle , and the discovery of the causative agent of cat - scratch disease .
" mycobacterium lepraemurium " is the causative agent of feline leprosy .
sit’ , we may notice that the sentence can be changed into causative construction : ‘
on january 18 , 1977 the causative agent was identified as a previously unknown bacterium , subsequently named " legionella " .
the causative agent of human shigellosis , " shigella " cause disease in primates , but not in other mammals .
modal and causative suffixes .
consonant - initial roots conjugate differently than vowel - initial roots , for example , and causative verbs conjugate differently than simple verbs .
differences in the grammatical system abound : e.g. , the survival of case endings in early phoenician , the causative punic verb - form " yifʼil " or " īfʼil " ( orthographical " ypʼl " or " ʼypʼl " , hebrew " hiphʼīl " ) .
linkage studies have demonstrated at least 6 loci for jme , 4 with known causative genes .
however , research has not yet determined if this organism is a causative agent of colon cancer , or if pre - existing cancer makes the lumen of the large intestine more hospitable to " s. bovis " outgrowth .
certain causes of upper gi hemorrhage ( including gastric ulcers require repeat endoscopy after the episode of bleeding to ascertain healing of the causative lesion .
goldberg next provides expert witnesses from several disciplines regarding correlations between behaviour and the hormone testosterone , which are known to be causative in several cases , including dominance preference .
biopsychiatric research has produced reproducible abnormalities of brain structure and function , and a strong genetic component for a number of psychiatric disorders ( although the latter has never been shown to be causative , merely correlative ) .
god ” as referring to a causative being , other writers understand the word “
causative alternations .
a bird - adapted strain of h5n1 , called hpai a(h5n1 ) for " highly pathogenic avian influenza virus of type a of subtype h5n1 " , is the causative agent of h5n1 flu , commonly known as " avian influenza " or " bird flu " .
causative verbs are verb forms modified by a prefix indicating that the action is performed by the agent of the phrase .
in spite of controversy whether the researchers had truly isolated the causative agent of pap ( based largely on the unusual immunological response of patients with pap ) , in retrospect their evidence along with that of colleagues and competitors appears to have been quite conclusive .
he believed that this bacterium was the causative agent of diseases as varied as eczema , rheumatism , tuberculosis , measles , and cancer .
as the conditions caused by these agents have different courses and respond to different treatments , the identification of the specific causative pathogen is important .
