however , private businesses , schools , libraries , and government offices may use filtering software at their discretion , although in such cases courts have ruled the use of such software is not censorship .
he started writing in 1865 , but due to russian imperial censorship his works appeared only in galician periodicals , such as the journal pravda , dilo , and zoria ( lviv ) .
however , for fear of censorship of the song or lack of potential , recording companies did not want to sign a contract with them , except rca , which accepted .
topics covered included changes to divorce law , the death penalty , the legalisation of abortion , the race relations act 1968 , the partial decriminalisation of homosexual acts ( using editions of the documentary series " man alive " ) and the relaxation of censorship .
by zapping the truth through an ostrich - like policy censorship , deletions , and exaggerations u.s. armed forces radio lost the trust of many gis when they were most isolated and vulnerable to enemy propaganda .
a new french censorship law enacted in july 1949 forced mouchot to discontinue publishing the comic book .
outer censorship .
however , censorship was reimposed when the congress government resigned on the eve of india 's entry into the second world war .
the legal issues are similar to offline censorship and filtering .
however , incidents of censorship still occur occasionally , in the form of appeals to entrepreneurial groups , to the government , or to lobbies , to exert their influence on the media .
in december 2002 " index on censorship " faced calls to cancel a charity performance of the john malkovich film " the dancer upstairs " at london 's institute of contemporary arts ( ica ) .
though his case was dismissed by a local judge , and he later won a lawsuit against the watch and ward society for illegal restraint of trade , the effort did little to affect censorship in boston . "
in 1986 , tax and grace paley initiated the pen american center women ’s committee and became its co - chairs ; she later became founding chair of international pen ’s women writers’ committee and , in 1994 , was founding president of women ’s world , a global free speech network that fights gender - based censorship .
mcbride 's work focuses on young male nudity and he has experienced censorship and censure around his photography for his 1975 book " show me ! " ( german title " zeig mal ! " ) .
in june 2009 , human rights watch condemned the peruvian government 's decision to revoke the broadcast license of a local radio station stating that " the timing and circumstances of the revocation suggest that it may have been an act of censorship , or punishment , in response to coverage of anti - government protests on june 5 , 2009 . "
he was professor of english at the royal military college , duntroon , the senior lecturer of english and latin at canberra university college and chairman of the literature censorship board .
censorship was expanded , and military forces appeared on the streets .
according to the opennet initiative 's 2007 report , the saudi government 's censorship " most extensively covers religious and social content , though sites relating to opposition groups and regional political and human rights issues are also targeted . "
the statute of anne was primarily legislation to regulate the book trade , intended to separate rights in copies from censorship .
swedish press noted that this was the first case of swedish government censorship due to foreign threat since world war ii .
coming as they did during the mid- to late-1930s , sound films in korea faced much harsher censorship from the occupying forces than did the silent films before them .
author / publisher relations ; book collecting ; censorship ; and a wealth of biographies of luminaries of the book trade .
the name was intended to lampoon the censorship of tnt .
government records show that the first war powers act , approved on december 18 , contained broad grants of executive authority for the prosecution of the war , including a provision for censorship .
france has also been more permissive in terms of censorship , and many important foreign language novels were originally published in france while being banned in america : joyce 's " ulysses " ( published by sylvia beach in paris , 1922 ) , vladimir nabokov 's " lolita " and william s. burroughs 's " naked lunch " ( both published by olympia press ) , and henry miller 's " tropic of cancer " ( published by obelisk press ) .
towards the end , the film touches on the controversial issues of internet censorship in china , the cultural impact of the current relations between tibet and china and the disappearance of gedhun choekyi nyima , the 11th panchen lama .
strongly emphasizing that television programs tend to be less critical of violence than nudity and sexuality , chao hired a local waiter / model marco iacovelli to strip naked during his speech to illustrate his point about censorship and that network standards were not keeping pace with modern day experience .
finally , in a move welcomed by the international community , the government of uzbekistan ended prior censorship , though the media remain tightly controlled .
this censorship occurred both informally and under law .
the incomplete censorship had the side effect of contributing to wild rumors on all sides .
of great importance to the loosened fetters of censorship was the literary and scientific activity pursued in exile .
her work and activism on pornography — especially in the form of the antipornography civil rights ordinance — drew heavy criticism from groups such as the feminist anti - censorship task force ( fact ) .
this bill was aimed at the display of publications such as people and playboy in newsagents , which armstrong argues are degrading to women , but magazine green left weekly argued that " armstrong 's censorship legislation is likely to increase the climate of repressiveness around sexuality " .
raimondi escaped prison that time , but the censorship was so complete that no complete editions of the original printings have ever been found .
in 2008 the report was translated into english and published as " the fog of censorship : media control in china";.
there is often considerable controversy over these techniques , especially concern that obscuring or not reporting certain facts or details is self - censorship that compromises objectivity and fidelity to the truth , and which does not serve the public interest .
in his diaries , he wrote that opponents of the karlstad negotiations underwent censorship .
however , from the political scene following the post-1968 radicalization , the soviet adaptation spread to the editors of mass media , sparking strong forms of self - control , self - censorship and pro - soviet attitudes .
in 1496 pope alexander vi began to be restrictive , and in 1501 he issued a bull against unlicensed printing , which introduced the principle of censorship .
because of the conservative and homophobic social culture of the era , and because of censorship laws , gay pornography could not be sold openly .
the kansei reforms , instituted from 1787 - 1793 , brought strict censorship and strict penalties .
( see censorship for more details about the ending ) .
art exhibits were put under a blanket ban unless censorship organs approved them in advance .
the law was not revoked until 1968 , but in the late 1950s there was a loosening of conditions in theatre censorship , the club was dissolved and peter shaffer 's " five finger exercise " premièred to a public audience .
although censorship policies vary from country to country in europe , germany 's strict " decency standards " inevitably affected the content released throughout the entire continent .
like tabloids in the rest of the world , they focus on sensationalism and scandal , but in the context of media in china this has the effect of challenging government limits on press censorship .
. " motherhumper " , " motherfugger " , " mothersucker " , " motherlover " , " you motha " , " mofo " , " motherflower " , and many more are sometimes used in polite company or to avoid censorship .
interestingly , the web site of the opennet initiative ( opennet.net ) , which researches and documents state filtering and censorship practices , was blocked .
the somoza government responded with further censorship , intimidation , torture , and murder .
under ottoman rule , literary production was subjected to censorship .
his portfolio was responsible for book and film censorship and he established an advisory board , chaired by robert garran to make recommendations to him .
it was kästner 's first major success and the only one of his pre-1945 works to escape nazi censorship .
in poland , the reasons for censorship remain ambiguous .
the show received mail from viewers complaining that the throwing away of a comic book was an incident of censorship .
a french film ( 1955 ) based on the novel and released by kingsley pictures was in the united states the subject of attempted censorship in new york on the grounds that it promoted adultery .
critics of the clause argue that it is equivalent to censorship because most canadian films can not afford to be produced without government assistance .
however , turrell v. wylie states that censorship in the " mingshi " in favor of bolstering the ming emperor 's prestige and reputation at all costs obfuscates the nuanced history of sino - tibetan relations during the ming era .
in the 1990s she toured internationally with her most popular show , " bitch ! dyke ! faghag ! whore ! " , which , like much of her work , was an opinionated commentary on sexual norms and censorship ; it featured a chorus of amateur reverse strippers .
the postal service relaxed their censorship after the obscenity trial of allen ginsberg 's " howl " in 1956 , which gave bannon a modicum of freedom in her plots .
in democratic countries , self - censorship is also a possible phenomenon , particularly in times of crisis .
in 1819 alexander i abolished freedom of the press and introduced preventory censorship .
because gorbachev lifted the censorship , many underground rock bands , including gorky park , became able to receive more widespread popularity .
censorship .
the critics said i was n't exploring media censorship but rather i was just another frustrated academic criticizing editorial news judgment .
guillermo fariñas did a seven - month hunger strike to protest against the extensive internet censorship in cuba .
directed by , written by , and starring maija digiorgio , this film follows her through the construction and subsequent deconstruction of bitter jester , including all of the footage that sparked the scandal leading to blackmail and censorship .
in the closing scene of the episode , mr. carlson reaffirms that he likes halyers personally , but that he wo n't submit to censorship , and he warns halyers that anyone who would be cowardly enough to co - operate with him is bound to change his tune when the political winds shift .
the soviet censorship wanted to decline the film because they saw it as " ideological nonsense " .
morality and censorship .
" express yourself " speaks of the ideas of free expression and the constraints placed on emceess by radio censorship .
freedom of the press is relatively good compared with most other north african and middle eastern countries , though many journalists are thought to practice self - censorship .
the essence of censorship is the suppression of a particular point of view [ ... ] over the channels of the mass media , and the question of who does the censoring is one of form only . " .
biafra was on the show with tipper gore as part of a panel discussion on the issues of " controversial music lyrics " and censorship .
among those were elmer davis , the head of the office of war information ; byron price , the head of the office of censorship ; and ted gamble , the national director of the war finance division .
shahin najafi 's songs are a mixture of protests against religious governments , poverty , sexism , censorship , and drug addiction .
despite the censorship in place , which meant that only mccool 's name and party appeared on the ballot paper with little or no media coverage of his policies or plight , he polled 1,961 votes in the donegal east constituency .
" adevărul " was revived by barbu brănişteanu after world war ii , but was targeted by communist romania 's censorship apparatus and again closed down in 1951 .
bergman 's and sjöman 's prestige as directors , their high aims and the trend of openness during the decade made it untenable in sweden to treat their films as tainted or semi - pornographic , and this in turn weakened the general acceptance of casual , intrusive film censorship .
the sexual encounters captured by the " cheaters hidden cameras are usually displayed with heavy editing and verbal censorship in the broadcast version .
on march 29 , 2009 , yoani sánchez , at tania bruguera 's performance where a podium with an open mic was staged for people to have one minute of uncensored public speech , sánchez was among people to publicly criticize censorship and said that " the time has come to jump over the wall of control " .
it is an early and ongoing internet art project , started in 1994 , consisting of an open database of cases of censorship .
the ban appalled many people who saw it as bowing down to a form of violent censorship by irish catholic immigrants .
according to r.k. gordon , the poem is " clearly an old heathen thing which has been subjected to christian censorship . "
the censorship of the film came about as a motion picture ratings system was being considered by the junta - appointed national legislative assembly .
relaxation of censorship .
the channel is run under the ministry of information , and international news broadcasts undergo censorship .
in recent years the song again gained popularity among the movement against internet censorship in germany .
in the mid 1950s , he grew disillusioned with communist guidelines — this attitude was notably manifested in his activity as editor of the cluj - based magazine " steaua " ( where he reacted against the prevailing censorship ) , his 1972 public reaction against the norms imposed by the nicolae ceauşescu regime , and his samizdat novel " biserica neagră " ( " the dark church " ) .
covert censorship of mail between northern ireland and the south was effected by warrants obtained by g2 , who also obtained warrants from the minister for justice for internal mail oversight .
eventually british rule enforced censorship and police began to scan these songs for damaging content .
home video release and censorship .
this censorship existed within all layers of the gdr .
the products of garden networks provide english and chinese user interface and are also used by people in other countries to circumvent national internet censorship or to improve internet privacy and protect themselves from internet identify theft .
from 2 may 2005 , the bbs is suffered from the internet censorship in mainland china and residents in mainland china can not be easier accessing the bbs .
trance has been shown to be very psychologically beneficial , by helping to relieve built up stress , allowing one to reflect on life issues without censorship or guilt , and generally giving the psyche respite from operating at alpha or delta states .
this filter affects self - censored search engines , since their censorship is filtering websites , not keywords .
quigley and stender 's call to ban coulter 's book has been denounced as censorship by some .
in june 2006 the uia warned that proposed increased government regulation of the internet in ukraine would amount to censorship .
scholars at risk is based on the principle of academic freedom and it supports the freedom to pursue scholarship and research without discrimination , censorship , intimidation , or violence .
as it does not contrast with the surrounding image very much , it is preferable over most other forms of censorship .
the ministry of communications has a censorship department .
fuck you ! ! " , apparently breaking the erfworld 's " censorship " , and throws his sword into the lava , where it melts .
in the last few years , the government has taken a much tougher stand on internet - related matters , including censorship .
the company states in its website that " websense does not sell to governments or internet service providers ( isps ) that are engaged in any sort of government - imposed censorship " , and wo n't engage in any arrangement with foreign government that implies oppression of rights .
the invention of printing , in the fifteenth century , brought with it both a greater market and increasing restrictions , which took the form of censorship and legal restraints on publication on grounds of obscenity .
many writers of this younger generation have felt compelled to continue their work in exile due to perceived censorship by the cuban authorities .
although the bbc has claimed in recent years that they no longer ban any records - as in the controversy over the prodigy 's " smack my bitch up " in 1996 . - there have been cases of direct or indirect censorship .
censorship .
justice hugo black , joined by justice william o. douglas , reiterated his well - known view that the first amendment does not permit censorship of any kind .
before the republican fianna fáil party took power after winning the irish general election , 1932 , many republicans viewed the free state , with its censorship of newspapers and extensive coercive legislation , as a sham democracy , in the service of british imperialism .
the commission was not given any official power of censorship , although programming could not include " obscene , indecent , or profane language . "
in february 2005 , illarionov attended a conference in exeter , and accused the british government of censorship because they had not invited many scientists who dispute global - warming claims .
three types of censorship thus became evident : ecclesiastical , royal , and ordinary .
censorship within iran .
state censorship authorities continued to enforce special restrictions on local publication of the bible , the qur'an , and christian and islamic publications in general .
alleged censorship .
whereas a music hall performer could work for years using just one act , television exposure created a constant demand for new material , although this may have also been responsible for the cessation of theatrical censorship in 1968 .
canadian actress sarah polley , added that the bill would amount to " censorship " and that the definition of offensive is " extremely vague and dangerous to be using " .
some view her as a brave and empowering figure , pushing the boundaries of government censorship and asserting her individuality .
saeed rizvi , president of the pakistan film producers association , said president gen. pervez musharraf approved a request to delete the words ` indian artiste ' and ` indian director ' from censorship guidelines that had prevented the release of films featuring indian actors and directors .
media censorship .
australia 's oflc ( office of film and literature classification ) uses the commonwealth classification act 1995 as a guide for the majority of the censorship within the country , however each state and territory is free to make additional legislation .
the fallout from this event eventually led to the easing of censorship of books in the country , although the country still retains the office of film and literature classification .
he was also involved in the censorship apparatus , a position which , some have argued , he used indiscriminately against his literary rivals .
refused by the representative from standards and practices , who fears it will offend conservatives , he hijacks the live broadcast of " studio 60 " and rants an improvised tirade , similar to that shown in the film " network " ( which is commented on in the pilot itself ) , venting against bureaucratic control , the influence of minority groups in the censorship of the network , and the nature of the broadcast industry in general .
at a time of close censorship , it was favoured by many for it´s veracity and independence .
salisbury constantly battled soviet censorship and won the pulitzer prize for international reporting in 1955 .
censorship of " seasons of life and land " .
wartime censorship prevented news of the storming of government house in darwin reaching the national press until the following thursday afternoon .
another problem considered censorship by critics is the refusal of media to accept advertisements that are not in their interest .
he was appointed president of the british board of film classification in 1998 , instigating liberalisation of film and video censorship , a post from which he resigned in 2002 .
censorship and regulation of broadcasting .
in order to work around this censorship , most japanese directors positioned props — lamps , candles , bottles , etc.—at strategic locations to block the banned body parts .
on november 13 , john vi , aware of the revolutionary influences that were coming into the country through several newspapers printed abroad , extended censorship also to include international papers , which would , from then on , require a royal license to enter the country .
" index on censorship " works in partnership with all the major groups working for freedom of expression rights , including amnesty international , the american civil liberties union ( aclu ) , liberty , english pen , international pen and many other groups to create landmark events of national and international significance .
it is regarded as an exploitation film , a term used to describe repackaged films with a controversial content , sometimes including medical footage , designed to establish an educational value that might circumvent u.s. censorship laws .
the censorship agency was established in 1922 under the name " main administration for literary and publishing affairs at the rsfsr narkompros " , abbreviated as glavlit .
in queensland print and web site advertising is permitted to a limited extent but television and radio advertising is strictly banned ( see below : censorship of personal injury compensation ) .
during the war years , a government edict had banned images of dead british soldiers ; jagger defied this censorship by including the body of an artilleryman , laid out and shrouded by a greatcoat , his helmet placed on his chest .
this system is described in greater detail at internet censorship in mainland china .
index on censorship " also publishes short works of fiction and poetry by notable new writers .
censorship .
this prompted a press furore over media bias and censorship .
due to restrictions from censorship on printed works , a sense of urgency , and a desire for personalization hand written avvisi would not be easily replaced by the printing press .
gispen maintained that neither " islamophobia " nor censorship was at issue , but rather the quality of van der horst 's work .
yale university press self - censorship .
it requires " the compulsory use of the french language in all [ public ] written ... radio and television advertising ... " as a direct consequence , advertising industry workers in france have expressed " frustration with regards to what many of them perceive as linguistic censorship . "
yet in the paperback edition released in 1979 , bradbury wrote a new coda for the book containing multiple comments on censorship and its relation to the novel .
the then president of the network , miguel pais do amaral , asked on a private dinner marcelo to be more moderate in his attacks , something that he took as a form of censorship , leading to his exit of the program and the channel .
censorship .
like related forms of media , computer and video games have been the subject of frequent controversy and censorship , due to the depiction of graphic violence , sexual themes , advergaming ( a form of advertising in games ) , consumption of drugs , consumption of alcohol or tobacco , propaganda , or profanity in some games .
in 1949 , marshall banned the movie " pinky " from the city because it portrayed an interracial couple , a violation of the city 's censorship code .
the primary engine of iran 's censorship is the content - control software smartfilter , developed by san jose firm secure computing .
the collaborative project opennet initiative classifies vietnam 's level of online political censorship to be " pervasive " while reporters without borders considers vietnam one of 15 " internet enemies " .
see also internet censorship in turkey .
if it had lost , there would have been a strong chance that the site must shut down because of censorship laws .
western secular societies have reached the consensus through the late 19th and early 20th centuries that private organizations should not be allowed to engage in compulsory censorship , forcing people to obey their dictates .
yahoo ! , along with google china , microsoft , cisco systems , aol , skype , nortel and others , has cooperated with the chinese government in implementing a system of internet censorship in mainland china .
soyinka discussed current affairs with " negrophiles , " and on several occasions openly opposed government censorship .
according to paul mockapetris , in 2009 , he was accused by zdnet of supporting censorship in germany .
censorship .
many times , the newspaper distribution suffered breakdowns due to the suppression by the political police of party members who helped to distribute the newspaper , or due to the destruction of the clandestine printing offices . successfully evading official censorship , " avante ! " was one of the very few portuguese newspapers that freely reported on events like world war ii , the colonial war in africa or massive workers ' strikes and waves of student protest against the dictatorship . "
people were not allowed to cross the new frontier , and the postal service and the flow of goods were interrupted ; censorship was introduced and officials not born in the area were dismissed .
with the loosening of industry censorship constraints , the 1960s saw a major expansion in the commercial viability of a variety of b movie subgenres that became known collectively as " exploitation films " .
most of the modern parliamentary rights that were not granted in the first constitution were granted , such as the abolition of the right of the sultan to deport citizens that were claimed to have committed harmful activities , the establishment of a free press , a ban on censorship .
food was " utterly inadequate " but prisoners were allowed receiving money , packages and letters ( subject to censorship ; the right was collectively revoked as a penalty ) ; they had time , strength and tools to pursue their hobbies of embroidery and sewing and even having their personal lockers ( subject to searching ) .
the six / four system is a censorship resistant network proxy .
kieślowski later said that he abandoned documentary filmmaking due to two experiences : the censorship of " workers ' 71 " , which caused him to doubt whether truth could be told literally under an authoritarian regime , and an incident during the filming of " station " ( 1981 ) in which some of his footage was nearly used as evidence in a criminal case .
censorship .
due to the violence and the proto - erotic scenes in the comic book ( as well as in satanik ) , bunker and raviola had problems with italian censorship .
for nine hundred years , the potitii and pinarii held the priesthood of hercules , until appius claudius caecus , during his censorship in 312 b.c. , induced the potitii to instruct the public slaves in the sacred rites , by the payment of 50,000 pounds of copper .
lapsiporno.info ( " child porn info " ) is a finnish website opposed to internet censorship .
bullog.cn was founded by luo yonghao in 2006 , because of his dissatisfaction towards the censorship of the major blog portals like sina.com , sohu.com .
at times when dravida munnetra kazhagam was extensively using movies for its propaganda censorship crippled the process .
censorship .
censorship in cuba has also been at the centre of complaints .
in romania , the communist censorship office forbade the publishing of the novel .
milošević 's government exercised influence and censorship in the media .
the newspaper usually includes a reader comments section for each article ( exceptions being articles involving current court proceedings ) , but it fails to disclose the censorship policies that it applies to comments submitted through this facility .
the concept of freedom of information has emerged in response to state sponsored censorship , monitoring and surveillance of the internet .
censorship in private communications .
postal censorship is the inspection or examination of mail , most often by governments , that can include opening , reading or marking of covers , postcards , parcels and other postal packets .
emergency regulations and censorship were not strictly enforced in tamil nadu unlike in other states .
broadcast media censorship .
censorship .
criticism and censorship .
goa has had a long love affair with the printed word , although growth has been slow , and punctuated by problems like linguistic breaks and censorship .
the early issues which motivated acofs members were censorship , unesco ideals , sales tax on 16 mm films and acquisition of suitable titles .
they further argue that government encouragement of content filtering , or legal requirements for content - labeling software , would be equivalent to censorship .
he rose from network announcer to various executive positions in programming and sales , including a stint as editor of " program practices , " i.e. , program censorship : in the era of live television , he would screen certain performers for sobriety and verify that necklines of women 's dresses conformed to cbs standards .
censorship of meykhana .
censorship .
in addition while an mp he successfully agitated for the appointment of a parliamentary inquiry into the censorship of plays and was a member of the joint committee set up to examine the issue .
the tsar perceived the very real threat of a scandal and ordered his own investigations but did not , in the end , remove rasputin from his position of influence ; on the contrary he fired his minister of the interior for a " lack of control over the press " ( censorship being a top priority for nicholas then ) .
however , the government introduced press censorship , postponed elections and banned strikes and rallies .
much of nâzım hikmet 's poetry subsequent to this breakthrough would continue to be written in free verse , though his work exerted little influence for some time due largely to censorship of his work owing to his communist political stance , which also led to his spending several years in prison .
the application for censorship was refused by the higher inspectorate , as an expert from the police headquarters in berlin when questioned by them about it described the specialist content as unrealistic .
in 2005 , a number of the paid models were reported to have resigned from the site or had their memberships revoked in connection with allegations of censorship and mistreatment of the models by the site 's owners .
the dichotomy between demographics and publishing languages can be explained by different literacy levels , the widespread popular use of the english language , as well as south africa 's history of censorship , which curbed the development of a culture of newspaper readership .
in october 1972 , an important censorship case was held in australia , leading to the banning of philip roth 's novel " portnoy 's complaint " in that country due to its masturbation references .
censorship .
redaction , publication and censorship .
an active journalist , he was among the few people whose names were completely banned by the communist censorship in poland .
falun gong practitioners were criticised by harbinder singh sewak , publisher of the " asian pacific post " , for their censorship when the epoch press stopped the printing of its january 8 , 2009 edition allegedly because of a negative review of the " divine performing arts " .
all publications , religious and secular , remain subjected to control and censorship .
naturally , he said , he was not in favor of censorship .
year 1918 saw the introduction of the indian cinematograph act modelled on that of britain defining issues like censorship and cinema licensing , and with the establishment of phalke 's hindustan film company , the first indian serial , patankar 's " ram vanvas " , with a length of 20,000 feet is created .
the imperial government responded with a purge of opponents of russification within the finnish administration , more stringent censorship , and , from april 1903 until the russian revolution of 1905 , granting of dictatorial powers to the russian governor - general .
people against censorship has organized rallies to protest o&a 's suspension and the firings of imus and jv & elvis , and have also successfully lobbied advertisers on xm , such as nashville coffee , to cease their advertising in response to xm 's censure of opie and anthony .
mary morello ( born in 1924 in marseilles , illinois ) founded in 1987 the anti - censorship group parents for rock and rap .
censorship was implemented both before and after publication of a work .
la prensa suffered its first censorship in 1934 under the orders of juan bautista sacasa , for being overly critical of the government .
this gave rise to a highly developed system of censorship .
in december 2007 the united states house committee on homeland security released a " fact sheet " entitled " which elaborates on the rationale and purpose of the bill and includes a " myth vs. fact " section offering rebuttals to the perception that the bill would " criminalize constitutionally - protected behavior " or " lead to internet censorship " .
mcaleer has publicly disagreed , saying it was censorship . "
despite censorship and airplay issues , a censored version of the song 's music video received ample airplay on north america 's music channels , fueling its popularity there .
the agendas behind such censorship are varied ; some are stated outright by the chinese government itself and some are surmised by observers inside and out of the country .
despite its unofficial censorship , bachata remained widely popular ; while orchestral merengue benefited from the country 's major publicity outlets .
he was a liberal and humanitarian minister , and succeeded in moderating the censorship laws .
for the most part , the code was ignored because many found such censorship prudish , due to the libertine social attitudes of the 1920s and early 1930s .
many historical issues , especially related to world war ii and the 1944 - 1989 period , suppressed by communist censorship has been reevaluated and publicly discussed ( see for example the massacre in jedwabne , the koniuchy massacre , the auschwitz cross , and polish - jewish wartime relations in general ) .
and was passed uncut with an 18 certificate rating , signifying a relaxation of the censorship rules with relation to home video in the uk .
but more perniciously it is a scheme that will create the infrastructure for government censorship on a broader scale " .
the following year , he became executive secretary and chief spokesman of the motion picture producers and distributors association ( later the motion picture association of america ) , the movie industry ’s first self - censorship body .
he was a member of the new york state motion picture censorship commission until january 1926 .
under ottoman rule , literary production was subjected to censorship .
this same censorship has also been practiced with hermaphrodite characters .
it also notes that some journalists practice self - censorship . "
another casualty of censorship was john smith and sean phillips 's " straitgate " .
in november 1942 there was an important debate about the censorship system in the oireachtas .
censorship and filtering occurs on small to large scales , whether it be a company restricting their employees’ access to cyberspace by blocking certain websites which are deemed as relevant only to personal usage and therefore damaging to productivity or on a larger scale where a government creates large firewalls which censor and filter access to certain information available online frequently from outside their country to their citizens and anyone within their borders .
with the concept of " biopower " , which first appears in courses concerning the discourse of " race struggle " , foucault develops a holistic account of power , in opposition to the classic understanding of power as basically negative , and akin to censorship .
oddly though , the censorship was that of a highly erotic kiss that involved no nudity .
censorship .
mussolini was among the founders of italian fascism , which included elements of nationalism , corporatism , national syndicalism , expansionism , social progress and anti - communism in combination with censorship of subversives and state propaganda .
during its first stage , when they created a local socialist realist current , the new cultural authorities imposed selective censorship on romania 's literary trends .
with the release of tool 's follow - up single " prison sex " , the band again became the target of censorship .
censorship and remakes .
the uae use the school system as well as censorship and control of the press and the broadcast media to prevent blasphemy .
russian news coverage is largely pro - russia , but that is to be expected."also the head of the russian governmental media watchdog russian federal press and mass communications agency , mikhail seslavinskii , denied there is any state censorship and stated that the rt works on its own as an independent editorial office .
the tmg monitors free expression violations in tunisia and works to raise international awareness of censorship in the country .
politics are also a common theme to many megadeth songs , such as mustaine 's scathing assessment of tipper gore , the pmrc , and music censorship in the song " hook in mouth " .
see censorship below .
however , there are provisions around this , such as in accordance with library law article 30 regarding book collection in that ldf library officers or above can choose to buy any book they want , even books targeted for censorship by the mbc .
some censorship in china has been justified as upholding proper morals .
according to some critics " when he voluntarily removed cop killer from the body count album , ice t allowed a devastating precedent to be set , opening the door for widespread censorship of rap " .
censorship of music .
translations of foreign historiography were often produced in a truncated form , accompanied with extensive censorship and corrective footnotes .
after protests by holocaust survivors and pressure from the israeli government the original programme was changed in an act of self - censorship .
internet censorship in hong kong .
he believed that the schools should only teach " acceptable ideas " and practiced a strong form of censorship and thought control over the imperial university .
under yuan , journalists were prohibited to attend political meetings ( 政治會議 ) and the censorship of newspapers also became the custody of the police authority ( 警察官署 ) .
" i ching " - i ching ( monk ) - i. m. pei - ideogram - " ikazuchi " - ili kazakh autonomous prefecture - ili river - immortal woman he - imperial examination - imperial guardian lions - imperial japanese embassies to china - imperial roof decoration - imperialism in asia - " in the mood for love " - independent commission against corruption of hong kong - independent federation of chinese students and scholars - individual visit scheme - indonesian chinese - indus river - industrial and commercial bank of china - " infernal affairs " - information office of the state council - inner mongolia - intercollegiate taiwanese american students association - international finance centre - internet censorship in mainland china - internet in the people 's republic of china - iron - crutch li - iron vote - irtysh river - islam in china - island line , hong kong - islands district , hong kong - islands of hong kong -
censorship of political speech and information is openly and routinely used to silence criticism of government and the ruling chinese communist party .
he compared the censorship demands by some governments to those of the christian church in the middle ages and regarded copy protection as a product defect .
