on 12 june 2009 anna kasyan won the grand prix at the 3rd international singing competition at the 71st strasbourg music festival under the chairmanship of barbara hendricks .
he will retire from the chairmanship on december 31 , 2006 , passing the reins to current director patricia wolpert .
on december 20 , ejf put out a new press release omitting all mention of wachtfogel or the chairmanship of the rabbinic committee .
dugan stepped down from the party chairmanship in 1977 and also lost his senate seat that year in a primary challenge .
lompo chairmanship .
the committee , appointed by the corporation , consisted on twelve advisors under the chairmanship of charles reed .
after the second world war , under the new chairmanship of francis egerton , mallett 's began to assume its present form .
in the fourth century , this practice changed and the chairmanship of meetings was taken over by an office specifically created for this task ( the " προεδροι " ) .
during the first months of 1940 , representatives of the political parties , the industry , the social organisations and the university meet on a regular base under his chairmanship to prepare ghent for a possible war .
he would hold the chairmanship from 1971 to 1978 .
in 1930 the bank was merged with bankers trust co. of philadelphia and beury stepped out of the chairmanship .
the fifth law commission was established in 1968 under the chairmanship of mr. k. v. k. sundaram .
in any case , we must point out its increasing significance , which is provincial council that is held in barcelona in year 1564 , under the chairmanship of the patriarch of antioch , d. fernando de loazes , who ratifies the feast day of santa tecla as an obligation day in all of the ecclesiastical province of tarragona .
he won the chairmanship in a may 31 , 2008 state convention , capturing a rumored 60% of the vote , with the actual figure being unknown due to hager appearing on the convention stage and requesting frederick be elected by acclamation .
following the electoral success of silvio berlusconi 's house of freedoms , he lost the chairmanship of the senate to carlo scognamiglio pasini by a single vote .
under his committee chairmanship , the dc charter school movement became the most prolific in the nation , with over 25% of the district ’s public school children attending public charter schools .
as well as her senior private sector roles , baroness kingsmill has held influential positions in the public arena , including the deputy chairmanship of the competition commission .
throughout his career , he held a number of posts including head of the central policy review staff from 1974 to 1980 and the chairmanship of the securities and investments board until 1988 ..
some accounts specify that one of the commonest red bricks was necessary for ordinary membership , a rarer white brick for higher - level membership , and one of the rarest blue bricks for chairmanship .
he became president just months before turkey takes up the chairmanship of the committee of ministers of the council of europe ( november 2010 ) and at the same time that there is a turkish president of the congress of the council of europe .
it also called on the supreme national council to meet regularly under the chairmanship of prince norodom sihanouk .
in keeping with practices in other republics at that time , the parliament had named nazarbayev its chairman , and then , soon afterward , it had converted the chairmanship to the presidency of the republic .
ministry of personnel on 5 august under the chairmanship of " veerappa moily " .
he was also offered chairmanship of monopolies trade commission at new delhi by the prime minister of india indira gandhi .
he was transferred from the chairmanship of the state planning commission to the less high profile post of head of the state energy commission .
he held the vice chancellorship of hamdard university twice and holds the chairmanship of usman institute of technology ( uit ) , hamdard university .
further revelations and disagreements with the labour leadership resulted in his resignation from the chairmanship of the committee .
in 1952 , an all india certificate examination conference was held under the chairmanship of maulana abul kalam azad , minister for education .
he voluntarily stepped down from his chairmanship of the powerful appropriations committee , effective january 6 , 2009 .
finally , sekimoto served as chairman of the board from 1994 to 1998 , when he resigned from the post ( as well as from his chairmanship of the keidanren board of councilors ) to apologize for nec 's role in a scandal involving the japan defense agency , japan 's de - facto defence ministry .
hillyer joined the staff of u.s , representative robert livingston ( r - la ) in 1991 , rising to the position of press secretary as livingston rose to the chairmanship of the house appropriations committee in 1995 .
the chairmanship alternates between the u.s. and mexico each year .
the second chairman of lgbtory was edward butler - ellis , under his chairmanship official membership was founded to the organisation and this lead to a massive understanding about the lgbt community 's part within the conservative party .
under pressure from the president , he was deposed in march 1871 from the chairmanship of the senate committee on foreign relations , in which he had served with great effectiveness since 1861 .
the action began with the sailors in warsaw under the chairmanship of antoni aleksandrowicz .
in january 2009 , merkin resigned from his chairmanship as a condition by the u.s. government .
in 1987 he stood for the chairmanship of the ed but was defeated by christopher prout .
the regional assembly is currently the highest political body in the region and its members are elected by the scanians themselves , as opposed to the county administrative council that guards the interest of the state in the region under the chairmanship of the county governor ( ) .
subsequently , " the bangladesh lions foundation " and " the lions eye hospital " at agargaon , dhaka were established in 1983 , again under the able chairmanship of lion siddiqi .
after the charges were dropped , simpson resumed his committee chairmanship .
chairmanship campaigns .
under the chairmanship of fr .
parties , however , were discouraged in 2002 , following mironov ’s election to the chairmanship and his instructions to disband all political factions .
on 14 february 2005 eitam was suspended from the party chairmanship by the nrp 's internal court , after he left the government against the center decision .
in 1919 , due to the commencement of his parliamentary career , he stood down from the chairmanship of lambeth council , and retired from the london county council .
in the 2005 kmt chairmanship election , soong , who retains significant following within the kmt , despite initially instructing party officials not to support either ma ying - jeou or wang jin - pyng , endorsed wang at the last minute .
on january 31 , 2007 , under the chairmanship of ratan tata , tata sons successfully acquired corus group , an anglo - dutch steel and aluminium producer .
he became the clinic director of cardiovascular surgery , gulhane military medical academy , haydarpasha training and application hospital from 1990 to 1998 and the chairmanship of trakya university department of cardiovascular surgery from 1998 to 2004 .
those efforts faded when woods announced he would resign following the summer recess , but when he changed his mind , he was forced out of the chairmanship .
in 1912 , the royal commission on public servcies in india under the chairmanship of lord islington was appointed .
in 1912 , charles booth relinquished the chairmanship to his nephew , charles booth ( b.1868 d.1938 ) but he later returned to work for the company in 1915 .
the chairmanship next went to his son , charles penrose , jr. ( 1921 - 2007 ) .
although he will inherit the title of duke of marlborough upon his father 's death , the ownership of the estate ( including blenheim palace ) and chairmanship of its managing trust will pass to blandford 's son , the earl of sunderland .
under the chairmanship of david moores , liverpool won most club competitions excluding the english premiership and the world club championship .
upon the accession of brian france to the chairmanship of nascar in 2003 , jim france served his nephew in a similar advisory role , most significantly after the 2007 death of france , jr ..
just after the end of world war ii , mroszczak organized much of the artistic life throughout silesia , later on he co - founded and assumed the chairmanship of the regional office of the polish artists’ association ( zpap ) .
an in - depth study under the chairmanship of sir gordon chalk issued a report in 1986 on the subject of local taxation for the city of brisbane , queensland .
on 23 may 2006 , coates completed his takeover of stoke city , marking the end of gunnar gislason 's chairmanship of the club .
under kennedy 's chairmanship , the bureau retained and expanded chicago 's event - and - convention industry .
this was soon to be the least of tottenham 's worries , as the football association announced that they were investigating financial irregularities which had occurred at the club during the 1980s under the chairmanship of irving scholar .
the kildare county board was set up in march 1992 under the chairmanship of catherine donohoe .
in 1931 , he stood in an election for the chairmanship of the party against harry midgley and sam kyle , but they were all beaten by hugh gemmell .
july 1967 saw the constitution of bombay metropolitan and regional planning board under the chairmanship of ics officer l.g. rajwade .
in 1977 , malik was replaced as foreign minister as he took on the chairmanship of the people 's consultative assembly ( mpr )
the committee , under the chairmanship of noel duffy , began to commission a book for the occasion .
in 2007 , she was dismissed from her chairmanship of the jersey child protection committee by senator stuart syvret , the minister for health and social services at the time .
when soriano jr. died of cancer in 1984 , cojuangco scooped up the chairmanship of san miguel in 1984 .
under the senate 's seniority rules , he was next in line for the chairmanship and there was no significant effort to deny him the post , which he held until his retirement .
he was the most expensive signing during lotito 's chairmanship in five years .
a special commission on polish affairs was created and under the chairmanship of lord curzon worked out a plan for settling the future of eastern galicia .
the republic of yemen holds the chairmanship in new york for 2010 .
during dawson 's chairmanship , the south carolina gop has made progress with outreach to african - americans and in promoting minorities to leadership positions , electing its first african - american member of the republican national committee from the south , and in 2008 the first black republican state representative since reconstruction was elected .
james beazley , another leading ship - owner , was invited to take over the chairmanship of the executive committee formed to further the plan to establish an orphanage .
cerezo came out against the vietnam conflict and ended up losing his chairmanship , ending his elective career .
in march 1981 , he assumed the chairmanship after chairman j. paul austin retired .
sabio ’s chairmanship issue with reyes over the special ninth division was overtaken by a july 4 , 2008 , reorganization at the court of appeals .
although he was much criticised for it at the time he took on the chairmanship of jarvis plc , the quoted construction and rail engineering giant when it was in financial meltdown following the potters bar rail disaster in 2002 and the poor performance of its main construction business .
the main body of the lkp , under the chairmanship of alfrēds rubiks , remained loyal to moscow and the cpsu leadership .
after securing his position as house speaker , straus proceeded to appoint democrats to 16 of the house 's 34 chairmanship positions .
the chairmanship passed first to vice chairman drexler , and to hitler himself in 1921 .
shahak was in the process of challenging contested election results for the chairmanship of the israel league in a legal civil action .
during his chairmanship he undertook a fact finding mission to northern uganda sponsored by unicef to investigate the abduction of children by the lord resistance army which was then supported by the sudanese government .
among his many chairmanship appointments , his position as chairman of the house of commons standing committee on access to information , privacy and ethics , commonly known as the " ethics committee " , reached high - profile public recognition in late 2007 and early 2008 as the committee was convened to review the monetary and business dealings between former prime minister brian mulroney and german - canadian karlheinz schreiber .
established in december 1942 as the australasia bank at lahore with a paid - up share capital of pkr 0.12 million under the chairmanship of khawaja bashir bux , and his business associates , including abdul rahman malik who was amongst the original board of directors , the bank had attracted deposits , equivalent to pkr 0.431 million in its first eighteen months of business .
nofstker wasforced out of symbolics completely by the board in 1988 after an internal battle with the then - ceo brian sear ; he had already been forced to resign his presidency april 1984 by the board , retaining his chairmanship .
in 1910 , however , democrats and several dissatisfied republicans joined together to strip the speaker of many of his powers , including the ability to name committee members and chairmanship of the rules committee .
nonetheless , when the chairmanship of the national industrial recovery board came open in the spring of 1935 , labor and most roosevelt advisors grudgingly agreed to ask roosevelt to name richberg the new chairman .
lhi incorporated under its current name in 1999 under the chairmanship of don j. weber .
the club was founded at a meeting held at the thatched house tavern on 30 june 1821 and held its first annual general meeting at willis 's rooms on 27 april 1822 , under the chairmanship of prince william frederick , duke of gloucester and edinburgh .
was a member , the first ever congress publicty committee under the chairmanship of shri .
in return for this support he secured funding for projects in his constituency and chairmanship of the environment committee . healy - rae 's policy approach could be defined as conservative and populist , primarily driven by his rural background and constituency .
under the chairmanship of d. f. jamison , a unanimous vote of 159 - 0 in favor of secession on december 17 , 1860 led to south carolina seceding from the united states ; it was the only such convention where the vote to secede was unanimous .
to draft legislation in this regard a drafting committee , under the chairmanship of professor upendra baxi , has been formed by the ministry of panchayati raj , government of india .
the authority consisted of a board of members appointed by the home secretary under the chairmanship of richard burton , former chairman of gillette uk , and an executive staff headed by jon davey as director general .
by 1995 , sufficient funds had been raised to enable the company to embark upon a major reconstruction of the building by carillion , which took place between 1996 and 2000 , under the chairmanship of sir angus stirling .
chairmanship .
one colleague quipped that perhaps nene should give up his chairmanship of the portfolio finance committee to lead a standing committee instead .
during his chairmanship , he returned the company to profitability from losses of £ 660million in 1990 , but transferred production of the new mondeo to genk , belgium under ford 's global brand program ; while retaining escort estate production at halewood and fiesta production at dagenham .
new statutes were drafted in 1987 when the headquarters were transferred to paris under the chairmanship of walter leu ( switzerland ) .
republican party chairmanship .
he was re - elected in 1980 , and unsuccessfully challenged paul duggan for the chairmanship of the board in november 1981 .
hodes was one of the first democrats to demand that charlie rangel surrender his house ways and means chairmanship position in the wake of recent events .
during his chairmanship in kharkiv the editorial board of the use was established , enlisting the help of over 100 professionals .
lee also chaired the united democrats of hong kong ( udhk ) since its establishment in 1991 , and retained his chairmanship when the group was transformed into the democratic party in 1994 .
in several speeches made shortly after he lost the chairmanship of the committee , mcfadden claimed that the federal reserve was run by wall street banks and their affiliated european banking houses .
on august 27 to " dagbladet " , koritzinsky announced that he would step down as party leader in the national convention of 1987 , when asked why , he replied that he found it difficult to combine the chairmanship , parliament , and the extensive traveling which strained his family life .
the republicans promised him the chairmanship of the house agriculture committee if he won .
premier frank hsieh , dpp election organizer and former mayor of kaohsiung ( the city at the center of the mrt scandal ) twice tendered a verbal resignation immediately following the election , but his resignation was not accepted by president chen until january 17 , 2006 after the dpp chairmanship election had concluded .
the 2008 festival took place in the cork city suburb of douglas , under the chairmanship of peadar ó riada , son of the composer and founder of the legendary male choir cór chúil aodha , seán ó riada .
under his chairmanship , the nitrate producers ' steamship company outgrew its title and expanded into all areas of cargo shipping , operating large freighters , mostly built by shorts .
the poles established an unofficial masurian plebiscite committee ( mazurski komitet plebiscytowy ) on june 6 , 1919 under the chairmanship of juliusz bursche , later bishop of the evangelical - augsburg church in poland .
in 1891 he served as state senator in the first legislature of idaho , and occupied the chairmanship on finance , railroads and constitutional amendments .
when eisenhower offered strauss the aec chairmanship , strauss named one condition : that oppenheimer would be excluded from all classified atomic work .
he also was elected to chairmanship of the petrograd metalworkers ' union and later of the all - russian metalworkers ' union .
levy took some solace in the fact that the chairmanship was open , and the person in the best position to take it was himself .
sir henry george norris ( july 23 , 1865 – 30 july 1934 ) was an english businessman , politician and football club director , most famous for his chairmanship of both fulham and arsenal .
committee chairmanship in the house is often associated with seniority .
the first indo - azeri festival was organised under the chairmanship of mr. sobi t. abraham and the event was organised at the boulevard on 10 july 2004 .
the national security act of 1947 created the national security council under the chairmanship of the president , with the secretaries of state and defense as its key members , to coordinate foreign policy and defense policy , and to reconcile diplomatic and military commitments and requirements .
fannin described the post as " a huge responsibility .... [ in ] many ways the appropriations chairmanship is on a footing equal to speaker , because it originates and passes all bills relating to spending .
the yaf chapter at michigan state university was a frequent source of controversy under the year and a half - long chairmanship of kyle bristow , who resigned in february 2008 .
gaiman was nominated for the chairmanship .
in 1972 , the federal government set up a committee under the chairmanship of sir colin syme to advise it on science and technology .
he continued to hold a number of non - executive positions in other organisations for some years afterwards including the chairmanship of amalgamated metal corporation and international commercial bank and non - executive directorships of p & o , rediffusion and subsidiaries of y.k pao 's world - wide shipping group .
despite the public 's narrow conception of its work , during kass 's chairmanship , the council produced five book - length reports , a white paper , and a humanistic reader on ten topics generally neglected in the bioethics literature .
in 1930 , under the chairmanship of sir charles grant robertson , vice - chancellors secured a mandate from their respective universities that " it is desirable in the common interests of the united kingdom to constitute a committee of vice - chancellors and principals for purposes of mutual consultation " .
the move backfired , saltsman dropped his bid to head the rnc , and ultimately black republican michael steele won the chairmanship .
the national war labor board was reestablished by president franklin d. roosevelt , on january 12 , 1942 under the chairmanship of william hammatt davis .
wiley had a distinguished senate career that included the chairmanship of both the foreign relations and judiciary committees .
in the 1960s , during the chairmanship of jacques merlin , ccf embarked upon a policy of
morton 's demotion was at his own request , and he stated he no longer wished to bear " the responsibility and accountability of the chairmanship " .
awards she has received include an honorary co - chairmanship of the florida safe kids coalition and the “ everyday hero ” award from " reader 's digest " .
he was given the job of handing out committee chairmanship positions allocated to the southeast zone , making decisions that were unpopular with leaders such as senator chris anyanwu , who failed to get the positions they wanted .
eventually , however , under the government of r. b. bennett , the canadian radio broadcasting commission was formed in 1932 under the chairmanship of hector charlesworth , a journalist and music critic from " saturday night magazine " .
a ladies section was added when lisburn ladies joined the new blaris setup in the early 1990s under the chairmanship of rodney mccann , the first time that a ladies section had played under the lisnagarvey name for several decades .
in 1965 , the communist party of quebec was definitely established a political party under the laws of quebec , under the chairmanship of samuel walsh .
coon 's chairmanship of the arkansas party , which was considered quite successful overall , coincided with a heated 1990 republican gubernatorial primary between then u.s. representative tommy f. robinson , a controversial former democratic sheriff known for shoot - at - the - hip remarks , and the more conventional sheffield nelson , also a former democrat and the favorite of the business establishment .
after finishing his doctorate at cornell , york was hired as an associate professor of agronomy at north carolina state university in raleigh , north carolina , where he would later assume the chairmanship of the department of agronomy .
democratic leaders said that he would keep his legislative seat and judiciary committee chairmanship for now , though governor phil bredesen said he should step down from his post as chair of the judiciary committee .
vas does not serve on any committees , as he was stripped of his chairmanship and all leadership leadership roles by assembly speaker joseph roberts as a result of getting charged with corruption .
the commission served the state under the statutory chairmanship of lieutenant governors from 1971 through 1994 , but in the seven years that followed , funding for the commission was not included in the annual state budgets .
" ebony " magazine termed rangel 's ascent to the chairmanship " a watershed moment for african - americans , who historically have been shut out when it comes to deciding how to divvy up the trillions of dollars in the federal government 's budget . "
karamat was then given the additional post of chairmanship of joint chiefs of staff committee in november 1997 by the then prime minister nawaz sharif when the previous chairman air chief marshal farooq feroze khan 's three - year term ended .
his business career was spent in the marketing communications business , including most recently , the chairmanship of young & rubicam advertising and its parent , young & rubicam inc. vick has also been active in veterans’ causes and received a lifetime achievement award from the vietnam veterans of america for his volunteer work .
he became the vice chairman of fai in 1961 and assumed the position of chairman in 1966 , a position he held until 1967 , after which he was appointed to the honorary chairmanship .
busch also conferred the chairmanship to stokes effective december 1 , 2006 .
on june 27 , 2007 , the board of directors elected stumpf ceo , with kovacevich retaining the chairmanship .
he was assigned the chairmanship of the u.s. senate committee on the district of columbia , where he became the preeminent proponent of " home rule " for the district , effectively urging that the government of the district of columbia be turned over to its majority of african - american citizens .
he eventually attained the chairmanship of the powerful from which position he worked closely with speaker of the house herbert fineman to appropriate money to philadelphia .
construction of the canal began on 11 november 1887 , when lord egerton of tatton , who had taken over the chairmanship of the manchester ship canal company from adamson , cut the first sod .
the research design was finalized by the site social science research co - ordination committee under the chairmanship of dr. m. s. gore , director of the tata institute of social sciences in bombay .
it was made by hopkins and hopkins of o'connell 's bridge after it had been commissioned by the committee under the chairmanship of dr pat mccartan .
he ran again for the chairmanship in december 2006 , but lost to albert ho .
following auguste wild ’s death in 1957 at the age of 89 , chairmanship of wild ’s hotels ltd passed to his son robert .
crane did earn the vice - chairmanship of the powerful committee .
upon his death the committee chairmanship was succeeded by rep. glenn m. anderson ( d - ca ) .
under kallis 's chairmanship , the christian coalition , which had emphasised religiousness , changed into a general christian democratic party , the christian democratic party of finland .
shortly afterward , he ran for the chairmanship of the niagara regional council , but was defeated by brian merritt .
after the sixth vote , he won the chairmanship of the rnc over dawson by a vote of 91 to 77 .
he assumed cibernet 's chairmanship intending " to introduce new technologies that [ would ] benefit wireless carriers around the world . " .
french resigned his chairmanship of the fine arts commission in washington , d.c .— a group closely affiliated with the memorial 's design and creation — and commenced work in december .
election to chairmanship and first term as chairman .
the members of the council of administration are representatives from member states , national sections and international organisations ( please see the list of iias members ) convene under the chairmanship of the iias president .
shaw devoted increasing amounts of his time to his chairmanship of the munster bank , and did not stand for parliament at the 1885 general election .
ming yi took over the abbotship of the kun chung temple in hong kong , the kwan inn temple in petaling jaya , malaysia , and the vice - chairmanship of the affiliated heung hoi ching kok lin association .
reiten served as the director general ( ceo ) of norsk hydro between 2001 and 2009 , after which he took up the chairmanship of norske skog .
a committee under chairmanship of professor vulimiri ramalingaswami was formed by government of india to investigate the plague episode .
chairmanship .
from 1877 to 1897 , he was minnesota state senator and held the chairmanship of the finance committee of the senate .
the common thread is that to qualify for membership , they must hold a non - executive directorship or chairmanship of a quoted technology company ( or an executive directorship of such where the person has or wants a non - executive role as well ) .
in 1996 , sainsbury 's announced its first drop in profits in 22 years , and the first of three profits warnings during david 's chairmanship was issued .
in 1979 he became a staff member for senator john chafee of rhode island , and then in 1981 the staff director for the united states senate select committee on intelligence then under the chairmanship of senator barry goldwater ( r - az ) .
a special plague committee was formed , under the chairmanship of w. c. rand , an indian civil services officer and troops brought in to deal with the emergency .
sainik schools society is headed by the board of governors under the chairmanship of rrm ( raksha rajya mantri , union minister of defense ) .
in the 40th parliament , he served as a member of the ' standing committee on international trade ' and retained his chairmanship of the conservative 's forestry caucus .
despite the fact that chai was endorsed by renowned pharmacologist chen - yuan lee , he lost the dpp chairmanship election in 1996 .
following the ending of his chairmanship of hm revenue and customs , david varney took up a role at hm treasury as a permanent secretary .
grant helped depose sumner from the chairmanship , and sumner supported horace greeley and the liberal republicans in 1872 .
investigations uncovered the siphoning off of large sums from peachey and miller was forced from the chairmanship and eventually off the peachey board entirely in early 1977 .
dr. sudarshan has held many positions in his career , prominent among which are the chairmanship of the " task force on health and family welfare " organised by government of karnataka , the " task force on public private partnership " organised by national rural health mission ( nrhm ) of government of india and institute of health management & research ( ihmr ) , bangalore .
the democratic progressive party chairmanship by - election of 2006 was held on january 15 , 2006 in taiwan .
( a weekly political meeting that was held at dar alfatwa , headed by the mufti in the presence of all muslim political and religious leaders that gave its views in the lebanese politics during the civil war in lebanon ) , and through his chairmanship , and his participation in many arab and islamic conferences .
with the launch of quick reads this year taking wbd to a new level , and with philip downer ’s chairmanship i ’m looking forward to helping wbd ’s 10th anniversary year be the most successful yet . "
in 1959 , with his health failing , the 92-year - old green resigned his chairmanship ; he left the senate at the conclusion of his term in 1961 .
the chairmanship of the group passed to edward lucie - smith in 1959 when hobsbaum left london to study in sheffield .
wang has , indeed , accepted a party post that is incompatible with vice chairmanship , effectively ending the possibility that he would be vice chairman , although after meeting with wang , ma had stated that he would " leave the position open " for wang .
the chairmanship of the club ( and thus the secret service ) rotates ; the two other chairman were mentioned as being mycroft holmes and " waverly " ( supposed to be an ancestor of alexander waverly , the intelligence director from " the man from u.n.c.l.e. " ) .
the committee 's work under mitchell 's chairmanship was widely praised for its inquiry into allegations of corruption and widescale tax evasion in the banking sector .
bentley , under his chairmanship , also won the race in 1927 , with dr. j. dudley " benjy " benjafield and s. c. h. " sammy " davis in a bentley 3 litre .
ambassador vraalsen is currently chairman of task force for international cooperation on holocaust education , remembrance , and research under the norwegian chairmanship , which will last until march 2010 .
the committee was formed on june 3 , 1943 and after a period of joint leadership , on november 9 it came under the chairmanship of gen. de gaulle .
after finally winning the presidential election of 1968 , nixon named burns to the fed chairmanship in 1970 with instructions to ensure easy access to credit when nixon was running for reelection in 1972 .
a commission was set up under the chairmanship of sir ernest lemon to consider the post - war planning and reconstruction of the railways , with representatives of the big four and the london passenger transport board .
the ctb was given a good start under the chairmanship of vere de mel of the ceylon civil service ( and of quickshaws , the private taxi company ) .
kean was also not likely to use the power of his chairmanship against labor in the conference 's hearings or votes on its final report .
it was stigmatized , however , by an extremely average - to - poor team performance under the chairmanship of thomas voulinos , who came into direct conflict with the fans following serious hooliganism episodes during a paok – paris saint - germain match for the uefa cup , which led to paok 's exclusion from uefa european competitions for five years and very soon to financial ruin .
during the chairmanship of angus davidson , whose sterling service is commemorated by the rowan tree at the entrance to the car park , the next memorable event – apart from plant sale , jazz concerts , children ’s art competitions , operation skylark , etc , etc – was the massive effort made by matilda mitchell in raising over £ 25,000 to restore works held by the smith .
dormand held the chairmanship until he retired from the house of commons in 1987 .
he had previously held the position of senate president pro tempore , as well as the chairmanship of the committees on finance , foreign relations , public order , and committee on agriculture and fisheries .
he lost a close race for chairmanship of the kdu in 2005 to ella bohlin , a more centrist candidate .
by allowing the cloud of murder to hang over sanders , wallace taints his appointment and takes him out of the running for the chairmanship .
reith was invited to resign his post at the bbc in 1938 by neville chamberlain by being made the offer of the chairmanship of imperial airways .
under cherbonnier ’s chairmanship , the department was enlarged to a staff of five full - time professors plus adjunct faculty .
when taylor resigned on 1 february 2007 , mccahill resumed the chairmanship on a temporary basis until milan mandarić 's takeover of the club was formally completed in march 2007 .
sir christopher meyer was appointed in 2002 following a brief period of interim chairmanship by professor robert pinker , leaving in 2008 .
the committee under davis 's chairmanship launched two notable investigations that , for various reasons , were considered controversial .
the chairmanship of the msc rotates in alphabetical order ( by country name ) at the beginning of each month through the representatives of the p5 members .
it was approved in august 2008 under the chairmanship of king mohammed vi .
a palestinian national council was convened in gaza on 30 september 1948 , under the chairmanship of the mufti of jerusalem .
peng added a national people 's congress ( npc ) vice chairmanship to his titles ( 1978 - 87 ) , and was formally named shanghai 1st secretary in early 1979 , due to su zhenhua ’s death , and mayor at the end of the year .
de mita waited a year to become prime minister , and then served as prime minister for a year , maintaining the party chairmanship .
he was the founding chairman of the jeddah economic forum which , in only four years under his chairmanship , has become the middle east 's preeminent think tank , and has consistently attracted global , regional and local political , corporate and media leaders , and has further attracted eminent academics from , amongst others , harvard business school , john f kennedy school of government , london business school , massachusetts institute of technology , and the university of california , berkeley .
over the next few years , under the chairmanship of mike gahagan , raymond jones and howard lambert , and treasurer alan hayes , the club re - established itself .
the current company under the chairmanship of william rees - mogg , publishes for the international academic community within the humanities and social sciences .
jeffords promised to vote for democratic control after being promised a committee chairmanship by democratic leader tom daschle .
in 1871 , however , he broke with president ulysses grant ; grant 's senate supporters then took away sumner 's power base , his committee chairmanship .
as a supply - side economist , kudlow said he was worried that ferguson would follow a neo - keynesian policy and would oppose the bush administration 's economic policy .. on october 25 , 2005 , " the washington post " reported that senior members at the federal reserve , including alan greenspan , were encouraging the bush administration to appoint ferguson to the federal reserve chairmanship .
led by volcker , the federal reserve raised the discount rate from 10% when volcker assumed the chairmanship in august 1979 to 12% within two months .
in 1974 , henry was honored in the oval office in washington , d.c. , by president gerald r. ford , jr. , who cited his " exemplary leadership , " particularly in reference to his chairmanship of the constitutional convention .
the first law commission was established in 1834 by the british government under the chairmanship of lord macaulay .
in march 2006 , there was a split between the moderates and the conservatives in the bergen county republican party , which resulted from a fight for the county party chairmanship .
finally , when paloh was also perceived to be to weak to run against akbar , yudhoyono gave the green light for kalla to run for the golkar chairmanship .
he was elected to the chairmanship of the asian cricket council in june 2008 .
when bogle stepped down from his chairmanship in 1996 , brennan was his hand - picked successor .
on the contrary , mong - hun dutifully announced his resignation from all but one of his positions in the chaebol , including the group chairmanship .
by late 2008 , however , the governor general had to return to canada in the midst of a state visit in europe to contend with a parliamentary dispute that endangered the stability of government , as a coalition of three opposition parties in parliament threatened to rescind their confidence in the cabinet under the chairmanship of stephen harper .
however , they were later released when the few indians there together formed the india independence committee in berlin under the chairmanship of virendranath chattopadhyaya ( referred , in short , as chatto ) .
outside of his political work , trenchard took on the chairmanship of the united africa company , which had sought out trenchard because of his west african knowledge and experience .
in 1993 , with the new law of rtuk , his chairmanship ended .
he has twice held the chairmanship of the finance committee , from january to june 2001 and from january 2003 to december 2006 ; as of april 2009 , he is the committee 's ranking minority member .
in 2006 spd member , beate morgenstern - ostlender took over chairmanship of the council from dieter fuhrmann ( cdu ) .
he combined the role of chairman with that of chief executive until 1963 , retiring from the chairmanship at the age of 70 on 3 may 1968 .. his successor as ford of britain chairman was leonard crossland .
prior to his election as rector , eriksson ’s positions included chairmanship in the finnish society for future studies .
on the first day that dr. armen assumed chairmanship , the wall street journal / bbc discussed the restructuring plan in some detail .
in november 1996 , wahid and suharto met for the first time since wahid 's re - election to the nu chairmanship and this was followed over the next few months by meetings with various government people who in 1994 had attempted to block wahid 's re - election .
the chairmanship was taken over by davie rae .
in 1987 , under the chairmanship of honecker , there were eight deputy chairmen and seventeen members .
inspektor , swedish for inspector , is the largely honorary chairmanship of a student nations in lund and uppsala universities in sweden .
the first meeting of the hakluyt society , under the chairmanship of the geologist sir roderick impey murchison , established an eight - man steering group which included the geographer and historian william desborough cooley , the army medical officer dr andrew smith , the naval officer and surveyor sir charles malcolm , the antiquary bolton corney , the british museum principal librarian sir henry ellis , w. r. hamilton , frs , and john edward gray , keeper of zoology at the british museum .
he won the chairmanship following a contested campaign against former california cr state chairman michael davidson .
it was this quality that brought him the chairmanship of gallahers in 1963 ; he served until 1975 when after a long courtship , the firm became a subsidiary of american brands .
the post of chairperson - in - office is held by the minister for foreign affairs of the participating state which holds the chairmanship .
in the meantime , sen. john chafee ( r - r.i. ) had died and thus the chairmanship of the senate committee on environment and public works had reopened .
ma has also repeatedly stated that he had no plans to resign from the taipei mayorship , even after he formally took over the chairmanship from incumbent lien chan during the 17th party congress of the kmt in august 2005 .
adhering to article 340 of the constitution of india , the first backward classes commission was set up by a presidential order on 29 january 1953 under the chairmanship of kaka kalelkar .
other minister positions & chairmanship of expenditure control committee .
in 1994 , swales was ousted from his chairmanship by former city player francis lee , whose paper business f.h lee ltd. had made him a multimillionaire .
the winner received € 10.000 together with the trophy " eusy " , the eureka symbol embodying the spirit and challenge of innovation , introduced by the hellenic chairmanship .
in the 1986 mid - term elections , under kirk 's chairmanship , the democrats regained control of the senate , which had had a republican majority since the 1980 elections .
on june 3 , 2009 , he handed over the chairmanship to dean hoyle , but will retain a minority shareholding .
now under the new chairmanship of bideford businessman roy portch , and managerial skills of shaun joyce the club has been transformed into a once again winning side .
upon returning from the war , stan pace put his aerospace engineering degree to work and later rose to the chairmanship of trw .
in 2007 dcsl under mr. jayawardena ’s chairmanship became the no . 1 listed company as per the “
according to dreier spokeswoman jo maney , dreier declined the temporary majority leader position because he " would have had to give up his chairmanship of the rules committee to move to another position , and that 's not something that he wanted to do . "
she strongly supported her husband in his 2003 bid for chairmanship of civic democratic party and in czech legislative election , 2006 .
