after the thing chooses to remain on an alien planet where he could change back to human form , alicia falls in love with the dashing human torch , another member of the fantastic four .
he said that popescu " basically picks and chooses what is in his best interest , according to his interpretation of the bible , " and " has clothed his disgraceful attitude to this community of people ( gays and lesbians ) in a religious context " .
if the team chooses to play for a car ( and $ 5,000 later on in the run ) , they must find six dollar signs before finding two bandits .
agnostic existentialism is a type of existentialism which makes no claim to know whether or not there is a " greater picture " ; rather , it simply asserts that the greatest truth is that which the individual chooses to act upon .
a western rider may compete in both a horsemanship class and a reining class if he chooses .
in both cases , the president chooses a military response that is relatively measured , but in the movie president shepherd never considers a " disproportionate " response while president bartlet plans such an action to destroy a huge civilian airport in syria ; he eventually ok 's a strike similar to the one used in the movie .
the father chooses to repent and give up the map so that he can live in peace and not reveal his past to his daughter .
iago chooses not to face jafar , and the others let him go without blame on account of their new freedom .
halloween , however , chooses to call his parents and report that he is dropping out .
in the video , the male monster works as an assistant and accidentally chooses the wrong brain for the female monster which the band is working on bringing to life .
-if the student chooses to , they may attend religious services of their own or of their host family ’s
( the promised reward is $ 1 billion in gold for each crime syndicate that chooses to participate . )
in intelligent design literature , an intelligent agent is one that chooses between different possibilities and has , by supernatural means and methods , caused life to arise
each gomer chooses a first name , such as " happy gomer " , " mac gomer " etc .
he continued : " i mean anyone who chooses to remain deliberately barren ...
when american heiress pearl saunders learns her groom , lord george grayston , has married her for her money , she is devasted by the news but chooses to remain we d .
the sånganförare chooses which songs to sing and starts them off .
as team velshtein is injured , the random drawing chooses team suzaku as the one to face team sledge mamma , a trio of cybernetically - enhanced cyborgs .
reaching filene , each champion chooses a different route to follow to the summit of the mountain .
in gamma nu , the critic chooses a theme for the semester and a theme for each production based on the semester 's theme .
receiving a final challenge from zandramas , cyradis ultimately chooses eriond , causing zandramas and the sardion to be changed into stars and transported into outer space .
meanwhile , his mother suddenly becomes a feminist icon after publishing a best - selling autobiography called " a sexual suspect " ( referring to the general assessment of her as a woman who does not care to bind herself to a man , and who chooses to raise a child on her own ) .
she chooses the latter but inevitably realizes that her passion for wright often brings her to abandon her own intellectual aspirations .
as god intends him to , and lot chooses to take his followers to sodom .
after learning the secret to gaining superhuman speed , johnny chooses to work as a mystery - man .
a house rule promulgated by the designer allows a player who controls no countries to collect 1 m from the bank if he chooses not to invest when the investor card is activated .
however , discrete choice analysis can be and has been used to examine the chosen quantity in particular situations , such as the number of vehicles a household chooses to own
both marc and betty understand that yeti only chooses one winner per magazine .
a selection algorithm chooses the " k"th smallest of a list of numbers ; this is an easier problem in general than sorting .
articles are chosen using the same procedure with other titles in the best american series ; the series editor chooses about 100 article candidates , from which the guest editor picks 25 or so for publication ; the remaining runner - up articles listed in the appendix .
when elmo chooses a magical snow globe instead of a pink teddy bear he is granted three wishes .
secondly , the girls visit wayne cooper and he dislikes tahnee ’s walk so he ultimately chooses clare and cassi to walk in her show , even though wayne cooper states she needs to work on her walk .
in " new adventures of superboy " # 51 ( 1984 ) , a teenaged clark kent is shown pondering whether to accept an offer to attend hudson university , but eventually chooses metropolis university in metropolis instead .
to do this , the contestant chooses an item and a quantity of that item to buy .
but in the end she realises that she can not escape her origins , and - rejecting both the indian man and the british one - chooses patrick , an anglo - indian like herself .
throughout his stay , he refuses to buy into the notion of victimhood , and instead chooses to blame his misfortunes solely on himself and as the result of his own decisions .
larry 's teenage daughter , kirsty cotton ( ashley laurence ) , chooses not to live with her stepmother and moves into her own place .
frannie puts ashleigh in the hot seat with pan - hellenic , lying to get her expelled , but in a confrontation with the zbz president , frannie chooses to shut iki down , realizing it will never be zbz , and leaves cru .
there are people whom every prophet chooses from among his ummah .
helmholtz chooses the falkland islands , because of their terrible weather , so he could write well , but bernard simply does n't want to leave and struggles with the world controller and is thrown out of the office .
even though he has written some of the works of some of the aformentioned artists , he is not one of the main producers of many of these artists and he chooses not to put his credit for his work .
yahwa chooses to take her own life in order to be reunited with pil - u , but before she dies she asks her cat to take revenge for them .
however , she chooses to sit next to him in spelling class .
juan de dios grew up fighting in the streets of cuba and he is considered a living encyclopedia of the art when he chooses to teach it .
often there is more than one bridesmaid : in modern times the bride chooses how many to ask .
before finishing his training , however , luke chooses to leave dagobah in order to confront darth vader ( david prowse / james earl jones ) and save his friends from the empire 's grasp at bespin .
articles are chosen using the same procedure with other titles in the best american series ; the series editor chooses about 100 article candidates , from which the guest editor picks 25 or so for publication ; the remaining runner - up articles listed in the appendix .
unlike other 1980s sunsoft games like " ikki " or " atlantis no nazo " , " ripple island " is a peaceful command - based adventure game where the player chooses from 5 different actions ( look , take , enter , hit , and push ) in order to arrive at the game 's ending .
often the organization reviving the language chooses a particular dialect , even standardizes one from several variants , and adds new forms , mainly modern vocabulary , through neologisms , extensions of meaning for old words , calques from sibling languages ( arabic for modern hebrew , welsh and breton for cornish ) , or plain borrowings from the modern international languages .
a competent and compassionate woman of faith , who chooses to live her life rooted in gospel values .
three different designs are drafted and the community chooses the final one .
when graves finds augustus he chooses to punish him personally , shooting the unarmed medici in the chest .
the game features an open - ended experience , with the player being able to ally with one or multiple factions and mercenaries and to progress through the game world and the missions as they see fit , resulting in a nonlinear style of gameplay commonly referred to as sandbox mode that allows the story to progress at the speed and in the order the player chooses .
and at the end of the series , the new zealand public chooses their favourite invention which wins its own official patent prize package totalling $ 10,000;a trip to the uk ;
as he grows older , zhou becomes dissatisfied with politics because the imperial court chooses to appease the northern barbarian tribes instead of standing against them .
when an administrator chooses to vacate his or her position to resume playing the game — usually from level one just as with any new character — he or she is said to have remorted .
which leaves eun - gyu devastated , he gives her one last chance to come back to him or else he will never be able to sing again but she breaks his heart once more and chooses hee - won after he begged her .
it then chooses the 15 best entries for the cd compilation .
therefore she chooses her time well , and organizes her day so no one will know she is submitting questions to the computer .
the first sibling divides the cake into two pieces , and the second sibling chooses which piece to take .
with each additional book completed , the player chooses one additional magnakai discipline .
she is then able to return to the feudal era where she and inuyasha acknowledge their love for one another and she chooses to remain there with him .
in the meantime , lisa offers to take her place , making a structured plan for homer and bart to do some of the chores , which lisa chooses through a chore hat .
the “ me ” and “ they ” refer to the person ( or agent ) who chooses and acts .
addison 's presence , however , does reinvigorate their relationship , and ultimately derek chooses addison over meredith .
according to the tradition every year the demidov scientific foundation chooses three or four academicians to receive the award .
while her sister , the lady of the lake ( richardson in a dual role ) accepts the inevitable , mab chooses to resist .
pearl chooses to take lily butterfield on the cruise , but joe drops a suitcase on her foot as he thinks she is being too demanding .
disassortative sexual selection is a form of sexual selection in which one sex chooses the other , in such a way that the offspring benefits from the diversity of the parental genotypes .
after much battling between the two , she chooses neither one .
if the player chooses to pick up the leftover jacks first , one variation is to announce this by saying " horse before carriage " or " queens before kings . "
when the player chooses to exit or the time runs up , another screen appears , in which he or she can select what upgrades opa - opa can use ; only one engine , weapon and bomb can be equipped at a time .
in each episode , three interior designers make presentations to a homeowner , who chooses one design to use in the house .
bart chooses to read the robert louis stevenson novel " treasure island " for his book report , while martin reads ernest hemingway 's " the old man and the sea " .
in a " usa weekend " interview , hanks talked about how he chooses projects : " [ since ] " a league of their own " , it ca n't be just another movie for me .
once contestant chooses their own box at the start of the game .
the winning family goes on to play fast money and chooses two family members to play the round .
you ... shall surely lend him ” in refer to the person who has the means for self - support but chooses rather to rely on the community , to whom the community should give what the person needs as a gift , and then exact repayment from the person ’s estate upon the person ’s death .
the international jury which chooses the three best movies during the final evaluation round features famous people from the movie industry .
duffy chooses the view that this would be their marriage bed , and so a memento of their love , not a slight .
mr. ziegler recognizes jason 's cry for attention and chooses to press charges against him .
torn between her love for daniel and her loyalty to palestine , leila chooses to leave daniel and return to the middle east to join a cell of islamic suicide bombers .
if a state chooses not to accept federal funds for these purposes , it does not have to implement the act .
3 . each player chooses a colored set with 6 double - sided game pieces , 1 eight - sided die ( d8 ) , 1 four - sided die ( d4 ) , 1 orb and 1 spec card that corresponds to the orb .
in the story , she selects a handful of girls from her class to become ‘ her girls’. the girls are not chosen for any particular reason but simply because they are ‘ her favourites’. this is strikingly similar to the calvinist teaching of unconditional election which teaches god chooses his elect to go to heaven , based on his own will rather than any reflection of the person ’s character .
they offer conflicting advice on how to play the game ; depending on which option the player chooses , his or her reputation as a good or evil deity is established ( see below ) .
sullivan , who chooses his violent path early on in life , considers himself irredeemable and seeks to save his son from a similar fate .
he eventually chooses ieyasu and they win the battle , taking control of japan .
if white chooses to transpose to standard sicilian lines , the fact that his knight is committed to c3 may be a disadvantage in certain lines .
if an noc chooses not to use all qualification places obtained , or if individual qualification places can not be allocated , the qualification places concerned shall be reallocated by the iwf with consideration to the olympic qualification ranking list .
she chooses fowler , her lover of two years .
in " code geass : lost colors " , the protagonist rai receives a prototype version of the gekka if the player chooses the order of the black knights route .
in the film , van damme has a daughter , who chooses her mother 's custody .
how a government chooses to finance its activities can have important effects on the distribution of income and wealth ( income redistribution ) and on the efficiency of markets ( effect of taxes on market prices and efficiency ) .
the greedy algorithm for the weighted maximum coverage at each stage chooses a set which contains the maximum weight of uncovered elements .
any type of municipality that chooses to do so can adopt one of the six standard optional forms of government listed below , with some exceptions .
to commit to a bit " b " the sender chooses a random " x " , and calculates " f"b"(x ) " .
drew chooses to use her route .
at the end of episode " the black cat " , hardskey chooses to go back to s.h.i.e.l.d. prison , so that no one can force his to reveal the formula again .
it tapers either to a point or to a rounded end as the owner chooses .
from the start the player chooses to be either a young male ronin named kotaro or a teenage girl ninja named lin .
machajdík often chooses to compose his works in solitary places .
rather than be depressed at the news , wesley chooses instead to live it up for the time he has left , but " living it up " has come to mean an association with gangster blackie north and his gang of thugs .
after the " ontgroening " , one becomes a normal member or " commilito " of the organization , and can join the praesidium if one so chooses .
each subsequent iteration chooses a vertex " v " for which " d"(s , v ) is maximized and adds " v " to " s " .
when she discovers she 's pregnant , she attempts to reconnect with him , but at the last moment opts to lie and tell him she 's leaving town and chooses to raise the child on her own .
she chooses to live with dori , jim , and griffen on their ranch and experiences a culture shock .
additionally , the character also serves as a source of humour that targets 18th - century literary genres ; after the character nonsense chooses the castrato signior opera as her husband , the character mrs novel objects , declaring that she gave birth to his child .
rashel works out a plan to go with daphne to the night club in which she had been captured where quinn chooses one girl each night to meet with him , then he captures the unconscious girl and will send her to where the other captives are being held .
an independent jury chooses the winning essay which will be granted publication in one of lpe ’s law journals .
in " evolution mode " ( the career mode ) , the player chooses a player character , their characteristics , and their name to begin with .
each class has a quorum president drawn from the members of the class , who in turn chooses two counselors to assist him .
1966 : andré breton chooses central park for l’écart absolu , eleventh [ and final ] international exhibition of surrealism , paris
in extemp , a speaker chooses a question out of three offered , then prepares for thirty minutes with the use of previously prepared articles from magazines , journals , newspapers , and articles from news web sites before speaking for seven minutes on the topic .
the plot is thus designed to appear open - ended with the development of the story entirely dependent on what the player decides to talk or ask about or what actions he or she chooses to perform .
like all skrulls of deviant heritage , veranke is capable of shape - shifting her form into whatever she chooses , be it humanoid , non - humanoid , or even inorganic .
the user chooses which " blaster " character to play and may either compete against a friend , playing another " blaster " character , or the computer , in which case the player 's opponent is illitera , who was previously the main villain of the original " reading blaster " .
wright tends to have the most unique sense of style as he consciously chooses pieces that are reminiscent of the 1970s .
as many characters in the novels remark , simkin has a game of his own to play , though he chooses not to reveal his true motivations to anyone , preferring to put people in various alarming situations in order to see how they react .
like death or experienced witches , susan can make herself completely unnoticeable to humans if she so chooses , though some people , such as albert or mustrum ridcully , who are used to such things , are still able to see her if they concentrate and she is not actively trying to avoid their specific notice .
queries allow the user to describe desired data , leaving the database management system ( dbms ) responsible for planning , optimizing , and performing the physical operations necessary to produce that result as it chooses .
if a player chooses “ out ” , they bank 5 points .
a vector may be " described " as a list of numbers in terms of a basis , but as a geometrical object a vector retains its own identity regardless of how one chooses to describe it in a basis .
but tristan ( who tells isolde that if they elope , they will be remembered for all time as those " whose love brought down a kingdom " ) chooses instead to stay in england and fight for his king .
archbishops and bishops are appointed by the monarch , on the advice of the prime minister , who chooses the appointee from a list of nominees prepared by a church commission .
able to assume the form of any digimon it chooses , murmuxmon was an evil digimon who was banished on the floating island .
following deployment , the attacking player chooses a sector to contest , and a battle for that sector commences .
if the player chooses to play 9 holes , they will also get to decide whether they want to play the front 9 or the back 9 of the course they selected .
eventually , stark chooses good over evil , and pledges himself as a warrior to zoey , which is a very powerful oath that can only be broken by death or release by the high priestess .
fearlessness - an entrepreneurial venture can only succeed if one chooses to look beyond his or her fears .
monsieur alfonse asks what material the coffin should be made of - oak , ash , elm or pine - and as edith chooses oak ( which is the most expensive ) , he suggests bronze handles for the coffin .
in the spirit of fairness , the duke chooses the " plain " lady jane as his bride , for her very lack of appeal .
if not , then the opposite is true to the varying degree at which one chooses to accept and follow the divine guidance brought through from the higher self .
an n - way set - associative level-1 cache usually reads all n possible tags and n data in parallel , and then chooses the data associated with the matching tag . level-2 caches sometimes save power by reading the tags first , so that only one data element is read from the data sram .
he considers surgery from helen to rid his werewolf side , but chooses not to in the end .
david chooses the pestilence option , and so an angel duly goes out and starts killing people .
the latin grace is said " before and after meat " at commons , a three - course meal served in the college dining hall monday to friday ( commons is attended by scholars and fellows and exhibitioners of the college , as well as anyone who chooses to purchase a ticket ) .
minnesota chooses 24 delegates during district conventions from may 3 to may 24 , 2008 and 14 delegates during the state convention on june 7 , 2008 .
she is the keeper of the jewel of wind and mine - a chooses her to be the queen .
carlos gives lynette a huge amount of work to do in one night and lynette chooses to attend her daughter 's christmas pageant .
a new policy was instituted that adjusts fees based on the number of seasons a student chooses to participate in athletics .
jon snow , seeing little future for himself as the bastard son of eddard , chooses to join the night 's watch after his father departs for king 's landing .
the process is the same for every degree the student chooses , from medicine to engineering .
after helping the non - telepaths win the war , jaled chooses to return to earth as an agent of the federation .
mass effect " has a system in which responses to npcs are displayed as the general tone of the message , rather than a word - for - word transcription of the message ( e.g. , if the player chooses " you 're worrying too much , " shepard might actually say , " you always expect the worst " ) .
in quest mode , the player chooses from one of the four main characters , and progresses through their character 's storyline while fighting against a series of eight computer - controlled adversaries in one - on - one battles , gaining experience points during each battle .
a small learning community chooses an area of emphasis to teach ( usually for a career or simply as an area of interest ) , but all of the state and district required classes are still taught .
he decides to stop telling the story , and instead chooses to wait for another person to open the book and obey his demands to set the book ablaze .
on each episode a male or female contestant chooses a date from six potential candidates , ranging from the handsome to the foul .
if the child chooses a hard - boiled egg , it will have a long life and many children .
alchemy also enables a character to ' imbue ' armor and weapons with special magical abilities , such as a damage spell which is triggered when an enemy strikes a character 's armor , or a spell which heals a character whenever the character chooses to trigger the spell .
maggie chooses to remain in paris to continue her medical studies , while bianca and miranda return to pine valley so that bianca can meet her new older half - brother , josh madden .
waiting for the moment to strike ; to nick the cash and disappear ... usually chooses his victims who , for one reason or another , are frightened to report him ...
he wishes to remain as a loyal subject to the emperor in the eyes of the masses , thus he chooses to end his life by committing suicide by consuming the poisoned wine together with li kui .
the player chooses one of six x - men : cyclops , colossus , wolverine , storm , nightcrawler , or dazzler .
at the end of the series she chooses to become the royal spymaster for the isles .
he also pointed out that he often chooses to play bad guys to teach younger audiences that bad guys often die or go to prison , and that one should try to live a decent life .
god chooses her to be the mother of jesus and sends archangel gabriel to announce the good news .
the material one chooses to use depends on one 's needs at the moment , certain kinds of brushes are more suited to certain script styles and individuals than others are .
the group chooses directors by seeking out people who have previously directed videos bandmembers have enjoyed .
the feeling is reciprocated , but kennedy chooses money over love , marrying seattle heiress dorothy wendt ( martha hyer ) .
a ) non - structured : if one chooses to build a non - structured mesh then it is not as easy as first perceived .
in this mode , the player chooses a character and fights through an endless castle .
at the end of the episode , rikki chooses to turn herself in to the police .
each level has 2 categories , of which the player chooses which one he / she likes .
both santa 's little helper and strangles arrive to save bart , who chooses his faithful dog to save him .
loverboy 's hit " working for the weekend " was the background music to a " diet pepsi " television commercial in which a man is asked what else he would like to experience that is youthful , and he chooses his old van from the 1980s .
naomi returns to israel , but advises her daughters - in - law to stay in moab ; while orpah takes the advice , ruth chooses to stay with naomi and convert to judaism .
geek : to celebrate the traditional view of band members as " band geeks , " the band chooses one member to take on all duties of being the official " band geek . "
the entire asgard civilization chooses to self - destruct in " unending " due to the degenerative effects of repeated cloning .
if , however , quicksort chooses some random element to be the pivot , then an adversary without knowledge of what random numbers are coming up can not arrange the data to guarantee worst case execution time for quicksort .
effy does not need to say anything as it is clear from the look she gives freddie that she chooses him .
when an animal ( usually human ) chooses to blink only one eye as a signal to another in a social setting ( a form of body language ) , it is known as winking .
as compared to most fictions , where the character chooses one alternative at each decision point and thereby eliminates all the others , ts'ui pên 's novel attempted to describe a world where all possible outcomes of an event occur simultaneously , each one itself leading to further proliferations of possibilities .
• smu is given permission to play a seven game road schedule , with no home games , but chooses not to participate in 1988 due to the fact that they could not form a competitive team .
torn between his love for chimène and his duty to avenge his father 's honour , rodrigue chooses the latter and faces the general in a duel in which don gomes is killed .
the owner chooses the dimensions and layout .
nijholt then chooses which mary from the " sing - off " to save each week .
each competitor chooses to compete in two individual events .
he " chooses to lose " the first round , and then defeats tyson in the next round , after their beyblades collide , creating a dimemsion area in a huge ice mountain .
while there , denise writes everything she can think of and with help from beyond in the form of jay 's spirit , records , mixes and masters everything herself , unheard of for a woman in 1971 and then chooses the best to put on her own album .
microsoft 's direct3d 9.0 now chooses at runtime processor - specific implementations of its own math operations , including the use of simd - capable instructions .
that never was and chooses to fight the nobodies with him .
in the end , after jost admits he too wants to escape , he chooses to trust the boy and tells him the plan .
in england the body responsible for designating sssis is natural england , which chooses a site because of its fauna , flora , geological or physiographical features . , there are 98 sites designated in this area of search , of which 67 have been designated due to their biological interest , 21 due to their geological interest and 10 for both .
if the victim views the situation with anger and resentment , he chooses revenge as the next necessary step .
each year , sock and buskin chooses four plays or musicals to be produced during the following academic year .
the species typically chooses nesting sites on dry stony areas near wet areas , from 60 m above sea level to 800 m.
however , he chooses to believe his wife 's insistence that the situation is not dangerous .
the length of residency depends mostly on the field a graduate chooses to take .
the spectator chooses a card and puts it back in the deck of cards .
psychological numbness is a mental self - defense mechanism used to prevent psychological trauma , in which a mental entity chooses to ignore thoughts or emotions relating to a specific body of knowledge , emotions , or ideas .
if the player chooses their wrestler to fight clean , he / she will be portrayed as a face , if they choose fight dirty , he / she will be portrayed as a heel .
heather chooses hoopz , and herself to sit out .
in addition to these achievements , the school aims to instill in its students a sense of self - esteem and a love of learning for its own sake , and claims to support each student to " succeed in whatever field she chooses " .
on the other hand , enforcing consistency with variables that are already evaluated is not necessary : if the algorithm chooses a value that is inconsistent with the current partial evaluation , inconsistency is detected anyway .
the leader of a further french scientific expedition to california , eugène duflot de mofras , wrote in 1840 " … it is evident that california will belong to whatever nation chooses to send there a man - of - war and two hundred men . "
offering fisch - ton - kan anything to do this , he naturally chooses the hand of goulgouly .
the fans expect man o ' war to race at newmarket , but his owner chooses to end his racing career early .
thankfully om puri recovers and on offering the choice to suraj of the family transferring to mumbai or punjab as part of his job suraj chooses mumbai making up an excuse that there is a course he wants to enrol on .
she chooses a notorious subject for her thesis : the cannibal killer oliver hartwin ( played by thomas kretschmann ) .
news spreads throughout the office that dunder mifflin 's corporate headquarters is planning to downsize an entire branch , leading to general anxiety , but michael chooses to deny or downplay the realities of the situation in order to maintain employee morale .
if the player chooses the ' extra ' , then they get to choose one of the three gold diamonds , which contain prizes between € 25,000 and € 50,000 .
katov for example chooses to give his cyanide pill to two other prisoners and thus accepts being burned alive himself , having saved those two men from suffering .
surprisingly , kirk chooses this moment to warn omne to mend his ways , which omne dismisses with incredulity and scorn .
there is a permitted exit after pre - university if the student chooses to go for a career in other professional programs .
wendoll then chooses to pursue frankford 's wife , anne .
when the prince of falena finds the dawn rune and it chooses him as to bear it , zerase appears again to tell him that he should work on being a worthy successor to the rune ; should he fail to so , she will kill him to release the rune and then present it to a worthy bearer .
in order to perform optimal radiosurgery , the radiation oncologist chooses the best type of radiation to be used and how it will be delivered .
the modem only chooses the channels that are error free , which makes pep usable on bad lines .
every member of group chooses a color at random from a predefined list .
the four racers selected depend on what character the player chooses .
beyond all hope , callista is revived as a human when cray chooses to die and be reunited with her dead lover nichos and offers her body to the former jedi .
the love of his life , wonderfully played by robin wright penn , chooses a different path ; she becomes a drug - addled hippie , with disastrous results . "
following a referendum vote , parliament itself has the sole power to draft , debate and pass enabling legislation if it so chooses , and thus far , new zealand governments have chosen to ignore completely two of the three proposals that have succeeded in forcing a vote since the cir device was created in 1993 .
as with all social groups that a person chooses to belong to , a person is a member of the deaf community if he or she " identifies him / herself as a member of the deaf community , and other members accept that person as a part of the community . "
however , certain familial resemblances have been noticed ( for instance , jondalar looks almost identical to dalanar , his mother 's spouse at the time of jondalar 's conception ) , which has led to the belief that the great earth mother chooses the " spirit " or " essence " of a nearby man to impregnate the woman with .
" maître à penser " is a french language phrase , denoting a teacher whom one chooses , in order to learn not just a set of facts or point of view , but a way of thinking .
he mostly chooses controversial themes and stories for his films and rose to popularity with the movie , jigyaasa .
in the " new republic " , leon wieseltier said : " in its representation of its jewish characters , " the passion of the christ " is without any doubt an anti - semitic movie , and anybody who says otherwise knows nothing , or chooses to know nothing , about the visual history of anti - semitism , in art and in film .
felicitous nonconfirmatives are used for reports , inferences , etc . , for which the speaker chooses not to take responsibility .
each year , kids for peace chooses a " peace hero " , a well - recognized role model chosen by the children of kids for peace . "
the player chooses from four protagonists : bucky o'hare , the heroic rabbit captain of the space ship " righteous indignation " ; jenny , an " aldeberan cat " and telepath ; dead - eye duck , a four - armed mallard ; and blinky , a one - eyed android .
from the remaining formula_33 bits where both alice and bob measured in the same basis , alice randomly chooses formula_34 bits and discloses her choices over the public channel .
how adp chooses projects .
gameplay is similar to pac - man , player chooses one of four main characters .
galbatorix has complete control of thorn and murtagh , until he chooses to release them which is unlikely .
after this , the parliament discusses individual points of the bill and chooses between the bill proposed by the committee , minority opinions and the eventual other forms the members submit during the discussion .
environmental agencies ' keep britain tidy ' and ' cleanupuk ' commented : " it is disappointing that " coronation street " chooses to allow one of its characters to throw a butt on the floor and suggest that it is okay to treat our streets like a giant ashtray .
even though it is not made clear which path hercules chooses , it seems likely that virtue wins the day as she orders him to follow her .
in parrhesia , the speaker uses his freedom and chooses frankness instead of persuasion , truth instead of falsehood or silence , the risk of death instead of life and security , criticism instead of flattery , and moral duty instead of self - interest and moral apathy .
the council chooses a community executive ( " gemeindevorstand " ) .
in the summer of 2007 rebecca created a performance piece for the harbourfront centre 's spiegelshow called , " blind date " - an improvised turn in which northan chooses a member of the audience to perform with her as her blind date .
this last will only chooses which of the two shall be dominant .
regardless of whether the player chooses the right rope , they are given three tries to go over , if they fail , they can go around .
donfil ( chooses to stay behind )
whomever the rhyme ends with chooses a number , and that many " pieces " are counted .
though both his parents dismiss them as just stories , a fairy tale , aidan chooses to believe that are indeed true- a belief that allows him to go through the door within and into a different world .
but when cú roí is asked to choose his share , he chooses bláthnat .
then the player who took chooses 2 cards from his hand and puts them aside .
however , if she chooses incorrectly , the state she measures is random , and the state sent to bob is sometimes not the same as the state sent by alice .
the third one is a mixed equilibrium , in which each player probabilistically chooses between the two pure strategies .
the show and listeners provide randy with numerous amounts of pop culture references , and he then chooses what he likes and uses it during games in situations he deems appropriate .
once the student determines the amount of works he or she chooses to complete , contracts are then signed and agreed upon .
avalon code features a total of fourteen ' eligible ' npcs ( seven girls to choose from if the player chooses the boy character , seven boys if the player character is female - in other words , five people and two spirits apiece ) ; two of them are ' secret ' and were not listed in the game 's instruction booklet .
" on one of those nights , the two friends meet bertha , who from the very first night chooses to be with rowan , despite the attentions of hand .
however , he chooses to use them in a reactive rather than proactive way , merely granting " wishes " to " make people around him happy " .
the * .bwt control file is another relatively small file ( that may be a very small number of kilobytes when part of a multi - file cd image for a full - sized 650 mb cd ) that is typically the file referred to in the user interfaces of software that supports this format and chooses just one file extension per cd image for the purposes of filename selection .
" trio the punch " is a beat 'em up game where the player chooses a character from three playable characters , and fights numerous enemies across a side - scrolling game screen .
there are three such machines of the household : herbie the love bug , an orchestrion that chooses its own songs , and a retired tram known simply as " old no . 22 " .
sweet benny fenton returns to the dark fractal society , and rather than infect joe crocus with the joker nymphomation instead chooses to stab himself in the heart outside the gates of the house of chances .
a person who chooses not to steal because the ten commandments said so would be exercising free will , because it was their " choice " to follow the ten commandments .
this name simply reflects the fact that the main function for updating the q - value depends on the current state of the agent " s1 " , the action the agent chooses " a1 " , the reward " r " the agent gets for choosing this action , the state " s2 " that the agent will now be in after taking that action , and finally the next action " a2 " the agent will choose in its new state .
also synonymous with nicks ' microphone are the items with which she chooses to decorate her microphone stand .
in the dungeon , jasmine and the others berate iago for betraying them , but their anger is quickly forgotten when iago chooses to attempt to free genie so he can save aladdin .
