in other words , excessive waist circumference appears to be more of a risk factor for metabolic syndrome than bmi .
the radius of the circle with perimeter ( circumference ) " c " is
his knuckles are the size of cricket balls ( ~225 mm in circumference ) .
next , the " reflector / neutron gun carriage ; " the former sealing the gap between the aforementioned ' lens ( in the center ) and the outer casing near the primary , separating the primary from the secondary while performing the same function as the previous reflector , and about 6 of the latter ( seen here from sandia national laboratories ) each poking through the outer edge of the reflector with one end in each section ; all are clamped to a carriage and arranged more or less evenly around the casing 's circumference .
the stupa has a circumference of 425'1/2 " .
it is just over in circumference .
body mass index or waist circumference will take the wald and law polypill , and the obese or
it has a height of six meters and a circumference of sixty meters .
" ( * * ) " this track was 500 metres in circumference .
the terminal is built to store and re - gasify liquefied natural gas imported from the qatargas ii lng plant in qatar . in the five storage tanks based at the site , the tanks are of a large size ; 94 metres in circumference and 31 metres high rising a further 12 metres at the top .
it would be over a century later , however , that the french academy of sciences weights and measures committee suggested the decimal metric system that defined the " metre " as , at least initially , a division of the circumference of the earth .
" ( * * ) " this track was 500 metres in circumference .
an investigation was held , and the broken rope ( 2 inches in diameter and 5 inches in circumference ) examined .
a scottish terrier is a small but resilient terrier with a muscular body and neck ( a typical neck circumference is 14 inches ) , often appearing to be barrel chested .
the wall measures 11.9 km in circumference , in height , and in thickness at the base ; a moat was also built outside the walls .
mandala " circle - circumference " or " completion " , is a concentric diagram having spiritual and ritual significance in both buddhism and hinduism .
note that eratosthenes could only measure the circumference of the earth by assuming that the distance to the sun is so great that the rays of sunlight are essentially parallel .
some of these features included helicopter rides , a train which ran around the circumference of the park carrying 55 passengers , a carousel , the famous “ jail ” , moon module , and informative film .
" a man is thrown down on his back and three or four men sit or stand on his arms and legs and hold him down ; and either a gun barrel or a rifle barrel or a carbine barrel or a stick as big as a belaying pin , -- that is , with an inch circumference , -- is simply thrust into his jaws and his jaws are thrust back , and , if possible , a wooden log or stone is put under his head or neck , so he can be held more firmly .
it uses the 27 km circumference circular tunnel previously occupied by lep which was closed down in november 2000 .
when it first opened , the park included a small dike - contained pond which featured plywood constructed paddle boats , an 18-hole miniature golf course , a merry - go - round , kiddie car and airplane rides , a hand - crank tracked rail ride and a small train that carried guests around the circumference of the park .
a large cylinder about in circumference and high made of iron plates known as " bheri " or drum of bheema is also located here .
accepting the length of a degree to be 56⅔ miles , from the writings of alfraganus , he therefore calculated the circumference of the earth as 25,255 kilometers at most , and the distance from the canary islands to japan as 3,000 italian miles ( 3,700 km , or 2,300 statute miles ) .
the ' old ' version consists of a cylindrical main body with six large fragmentation grooves running around the circumference and two mounting lugs on one side for mounting the mine to a provided metal stake .
the fort which is roughly in the shape of a fish has a circumference of with a maximum width of .
" cake " featured the band 's largest worldwide hit single , " obscurity knocks " as well as a couple other alternative music hits ( " only tongue can tell " and " circling the circumference " ) .
in it , he explained away the common belief that the bible defines the geometric ratio π ( pi ) as being exactly equal to 3 , based on the description in 1 kings 7:23 ( and 2 chronicles 4:2 ) of the great bowl situated outside the temple of jerusalem as having a diameter of 10 cubits and a circumference of 30 cubits .
the cysts are often multiple , extending around the circumference of the nerve , and can enlarge over time to compress neighboring nerve roots to cause bone erosion .
the entire circumference of the lake could be covered by road via moti magri road , fateh sagar drive , rani road and the winding road on the eastern side route to get a picturesque view of the lake , and the aravalli hills surrounding it .
the small circle does not have the smallest curvature and hence , a segment on its circumference does not represent the shortest path between two points on a spherical surface .
the circumference of an ellipse is more problematic , as the exact solution requires finding the complete elliptic integral of the second kind .
the us compound at al jaber was a sandy “ fortress ” of less than a mile 's circumference .
erect circumference .
the circumference of the circle does not have a corresponding location within the plane , and therefore , the product of a hjelmslev transformation is more aptly called a hjelmslev disk .
the condition of this threefold advance was of course that the enemy should not be able to defeat the armies in detail , i.e. , that he should be fixed and held in the thames valley ; this secured , there was no purely military objection against operating in separate armies from the circumference towards the centre .
the former are made up of delicate bundles of fibrous tissue ; a few fibers at the circumference of the iris have a circular direction ; but the majority radiate toward the pupil , forming by their interlacement , delicate meshes , in which the vessels and nerves are contained .
this gives the expected results of 2π rad for the 2d circumference and 4π sr for the 3d sphere .
its circumference is ; its principal limb ( which is propped ) extends from the bole .
the west end circle is the circumference of traffic south of the west end bridge , brought together by the west end bypass ( see above ) , south main street ( pa route 60 - -southern terminus ) , steuben street , and west carson street ( pa 51/pa 837 - -northern terminus ) .
austfonna has a thickness of up to 560 metres ( 235 meters average thickness ) , and is and 200 km in circumference .
his measure of 240,000 stadia translates to 24,000 miles , close to the actual circumference of 24,901 miles .
the system calculates also the circumference of the die , which is the key factor of the die cost .
also in contrast to the bifacial cambium , the unifacial cambium is unable to expand its circumference with anticlinal cell division .
current models use optical encoders to derive the revolutions of a wheel with a known circumference , which in turn is used to figure speed and depth .
in american english , " wrench " is the standard term , while " spanner " refers to a specialized wrench with a series of pins or tabs around the circumference .
this was a major improvement on previous non - stepped designs such as the de bange system , which had only a single thread step and hence only half of the block 's circumference had a thread which engaged with the breech .
the " dagobas " are bell - shaped masses of masonry , varying from a few feet to over 1100 ft ( 340 m ) in circumference .
when trans - am is activated with the 0-raiser equipped , gn - particles would burst concentrated particles within a limited circumference of 00 raiser .
a strip of canvas around the circumference seals the gap between the pressure plate and the main body of the mine .
glencoe baobab - an african baobab specimen in limpopo province , south africa , often considered the largest example alive , up to recent times had a circumference of and an average diameter of .
ptolemy discussed and favored this revised figure of posidonius over eratosthenes in his " geographia " , and during the middle ages scholars divided into two camps regarding the circumference of the earth , identified with eratosthenes ' calculation on the one hand and posidonius ' 180,000-stadium measure on the other .
later either he or a follower appears to have altered the base distance to agree with eratosthenes 's alexandria - to - rhodes figure of 3750 stadia since posidonius 's final circumference was 180,000 stadia , which equals 48×3750 stadia .
on the 28th [ july 1834 ] we crossed the mountain in a westerly direction through the thick pines and fallen timber , about twelve miles , and encamped in a small prairie about a mile in circumference .
there are several techniques during physical examination to increase the detection of dvt , such as measuring the circumference of the affected and the contralateral limb at a fixed point ( to objectivate edema ) , and palpating the venous tract , which is often tender .
22 divided by 7 approximates the irrational number π , the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter .
a patinodrome is generally about 160 m to 250 m in circumference and may be surfaced with asphalt , concrete or similar material .
sls has a booster synchrotron optimized for top - up operation : it provides a low emittance of 10 nm rad for efficient beam injection into the storage ring , and it has a low average power consumption of 30 kw. this is achieved by a large circumference of 270 m , a large number ( 93 ) of small dipole magnets and a low aperture of only 30x20 mm .
the ratio of height to the circumference must be greater than 1:7 ; even then , are many reservations .
the astronomer aristarchus of samos was the first known person to propose a heliocentric model of the solar system , while the geographer eratosthenes accurately calculated the circumference of the earth .
it is thicker at the circumference , especially its upper and back part , than at its center .
the edge or rim is the immediate circumference of the cymbal .
it has 2nd- and 3rd - level balconies on most of the circumference of the auditorium .
let " ƒ " be the fraction of the circumference subtended by the golden angle , or equivalently , the golden angle divided by the angular measurement of the circle .
this lake is held sacred and has a circumference of about 1 km .
one of the heaviest warmblood driving horses , the ideal nonius has a girth of 70 - 83 inches ( 180 - 210 cm ) and a cannon circumference of 8 - 9 inches ( 22–24 cm ) .
with two exceptions , moves are made around the circumference of all pieces of the layout , and a piece may never move into a hex that is almost completely or completely surrounded .
" pass around the circle " : a group of athletes and volunteers stand on the circumference of a face - off circle by the goal .
by federalism bakunin meant the organization of society " from the base to the summit — from the circumference to the center — according to the principles of free association and federation . "
the articular capsule ( capsular ligament ) is a thin , loose envelope , attached above to the circumference of the mandibular fossa and the articular tubercle immediately in front ; below , to the neck of the condyle of the mandible .
the tamcan territory along the old river of the lower san joaquin river was probably no more than 12 miles in circumference .
while that may seem like very little separation , and it is , at geosynchronous altitude ( nearly 36,000 km ) , each degree of circumference is approximately 736 km , ( 457 mi ) .
the defences now have 6 major breaks in their circumference ; only one appears to be original .
seibu - en 's oval is 400 meters in circumference .
they found the cities to be separated by one degree of latitude and the distance between them to be 66⅔ arabic miles ( 131 km ) and thus calculated the earth 's circumference to be 24000 arabic miles ( 47,000 km ) , a value which differs from modern estimates by about 18.6% .
the tree has a height of and a trunk circumference of .
the article also recounted how the pilot spoke of a " bright round object , with a circumference of about 4.5 meters , leave the ufo . "
at the bowling green lord burlington positioned eight sweet chestnut trees around its perimeter , echoing the eight tuscan columns located around the circumference of the lower tribune ( here associated the primitive tuscan order with trees , the first columns ) .
the church circumference was reinforced by a concrete ring and the church was gripped by a steel framework construction on the inner as well as outer sides .
it was designed by the architect sir michael hopkins , with the striking feature of having only a single floor , which spirals its way up and around the circumference of the building .
thus the length of the circumference ( " c " ) is related to the radius ( " r " ) by
it stands approximately 40 feet tall and its circumference has been measured at 284 inches ( 7.21 meters ) .
area : 2.33 km² , circumference : 6.4 km .
the road - wheels are each 6 ft in diameter , and 18 ft in circumference , one evolution covering 3 paces .
the vesica piscis is a shape which is the intersection of two circles with the same radius , intersecting in such a way that the center of each circle lies on the circumference of the other .
the wrap would have been high and would have encircled the circumference of the stadium .
the maximum length of the rope is 32 m with a circumference between 10 - 12.5 cm .
the island is approximately 2.8 miles long from north to south and 1.8 miles wide and 13 miles in circumference .
the mine 's circumference has a large lip with ribs running vertically from it .
directing staff had two thin golden stripes running around the circumference of the cuff area of the sleeves , similar to the u.s. navy ’s ranking system stripes .
this is thought to be because head circumference and other approximations are indirect measures .
ease may be introduced to make the sweater larger than the body ( oversized ) , typically by increasing the circumference measurements by 2 - 6 inches .
the avon isles they were seen by mr. sumner , master of the ship avon , september 18 , 1823 ; and are described by him as being three - quarters of a mile in circumference , twenty feet high , and the sea between them twenty fathoms deep .
originally named the national accelerator laboratory , it was renamed the fermi national accelerator laboratory ( fermilab for short ) in 1974 , after famed italian physicist enrico fermi ; the facility centered around a four - mile circumference , 400 gev accelerator .
the process of transforming representations of objects , such as the middle point coordinate of a sphere and a point on its circumference into a polygon representation of a sphere , is called tessellation .
the walls generally survive from 6 ft to 11 ft around the circumference of the broch , but above the doorway they rise to 22 ft .
the lake is about 100 miles in circumference , bordered on the east by high ranges of mountains whose spurs terminate at the shore and on the west by a low bed of piney mountains .
the roof uses an inclined surface held in check by a system of cables holding up its circumference .
in the european union waist circumference of ≥ 94 cm in men and ≥ 80 cm in non pregnant women are used as cut offs for central obesity .
after a relaxed run around the circumference of the studio , we ended in a back fall ... we might then sit down to practice javanese arm movements , do hand stretches to force our western fingers backward into some semblance of cambodian flexibility ...
circumference of drive wheel in metres × number of teeth in front chainring / number of teeth in rear cog .
the circumference of the calf has been used to estimate selected health risks .
it was high , the clock in the center having a circumference of .
we then found at the far end of an inlet a little island five stades in circumference .
" ( * * ) " this track was 536.45 metres= mile in circumference .
the circumference formula_1 of a circle is related to its radius formula_2 by the formula formula_3 .
its peripheral part consists of muscular fibers that take origin from the circumference of the inferior thoracic aperture and converge to be inserted into a central tendon .
if the termination was a perfect open circuit or short circuit the magnitude of the reflection coefficient would be unity , all power would be reflected and the point would lie at some point on the unity circumference circle .
smith wrote in 1842 that earthly governments " have failed in all their attempts to promote eternal peace and happiness ... [even the united states ] is rent , from center to circumference , with party strife , political intrigues , and sectional interest . "
in a kyz interface , the y and z wires are switch contacts , shorted to k for half of a rotor 's circumference .
not useful for dating , the abdominal circumference of the fetus may also be measured .
the nanning creek treesit ( " bonanza " ) is centered around spooner , a redwood with a near circumference , one of the oldest unprotected trees remaining in the area .
this is a turn that moves the bobsled , luge , or skeleton around between 270 and 320 degrees around the circumference of the circle .
that is , any object of mass m around which a hoop of circumference formula_1 can be spun must be a black hole .
however , at frequencies for which the wavelength ( in the dielectric ) is significantly shorter than the circumference of the cable , transverse electric ( te ) and transverse magnetic ( tm ) waveguide modes can also propagate .
the ramparts were about 549 meters in circumference and the walls very strongly and thickly built .
one ( of these ) was made in the image of the round heavens ( yuan thien chih hsiang ) and on it were shown the lunar mansions ( hsiu ) in their order , the equator and the degrees of the heavenly circumference .
they are spherical , weighting no more than 13 oz and with a circumference of maximum 26 inches .
island two " would be approximately 1800 meters in diameter , yielding an equatorial circumference of nearly six and a half kilometers ( four miles ) .
during the second half of the 1820s , this neoclassical aesthetic was decisively repudiated , preparing the way for the main fashion features of the next ten to fifteen years ( large sleeves , somewhat strict corseting of the natural waist , full skirts , elaborate large - circumference hats , and visual emphasis on wide sloping shoulders ) .
it measures one half meter tall and 42 centimeters in circumference .
the column rows of the central aisles are heavy and stunted , having a circumference of by and a height of by .
he returned in the first season finale , " almost thirty years " , this time to find out what will tippin knew about a rambaldi artifact known as the circumference .
it expands the circumference of the grip , and adds padding , which are useful for customization of a racquet .
severely underestimating the circumference of the earth , he estimated that a westward route from iberia to the indies would be shorter than the overland trade route through arabia .
this disorder is a strangulated hernia in which only part of the circumference of the bowel wall is affected .
this is in fact just the projection of the real number line to ( half of ) the circle with circumference 4 ( see trigonometric functions for details ) .
the circumference of each ring is 3016 m , having four straight sections .
removing the screw - off cap revealed a stout linen tape wound around the circumference of the fuze .
the circumference of the lake is 96 km , surrounded on all sides by the aravali hiils .
the larger tree has a circumference of 7.4 metres .
xuanzang , the great chinese traveler , visited the city in the 7th century and said that this city was 6 miles in circumference and that its people were famous for bravery and piety as well as for their love of justice and veneration for learning .
aryabhatiya also estimates the circumference of earth , accurate to 1% which is remarkable .
it should be noted that the overall circumference of the tire will increase by increasing any of the tires specifications .
the ninth - century " vita " of saint foillan mentions " the forest , next to the abbey of saint gertrude , called the sonesian " in the sixteenth century it was still seven leagues in circumference .
the whole world seemed imaged in its vast circumference " .
at that time , the wall - fortress was 2,784 meters in circumference and 4 meters in height .
the two used for the main structure of the swing are over 3.5 m in circumference and over 30 m in height .
feeding zooids are borne either evenly around the branch circumference or are absent from one face .
( champions are determined by a point system based on height , circumference of the trunk , crown spread , and physical condition .
the principle anthropometry measures are the upper arm length , the triceps skin fold ( tsf ) , and the ( mid-)upper arm circumference ( ( m)uac ) .
the circumference at the level of the pedestal may be about eight " angul"(inches ) .
blood pressure changes and waist circumference were also similar between groups , though the low fat diet yielded greater reduction in ldl ( " bad cholesterol " ) .
banks of ramps which provided access from the ground to the upper levels were built around the outside circumference of the stadium .
aomori 's oval is 400 meters in circumference .
including the west wall , which had been destroyed by flooding , its circumference reaches about 3.5 km and its area nearly 859,508 m2 .
the entire circumference of the loop is just over four miles ( 6 km ) .
as such , he is the infinitely condensed point , the center of her infinite circumference .
the wide mouth extends all round the anterior circumference of the head ; and both jaws are armed with bands of long pointed teeth , which are inclined inwards , and can be temporarily depressed so as to offer no impediment to an object gliding towards the stomach , while still preventing its escape from the mouth .
a curious anomaly was a considerable difference in [ holland 's ] two calves ; the left is fully half an inch larger in circumference .
it is about 152 years old and measures 76 feet in height and 19 ' 8 " in circumference .
in men 's play , a standard basketball has a circumference of about 74.9 to 76.2 cm and a weight of about 567 to 624 grams .
with buffalo located near the center of the service area , most of the zone fare boundaries follow the circumference surrounding the city .
full bust is the body measurement which measures the circumference of a woman 's torso at the level of the breasts .
lake mapam yumco is relatively round in shape with a circumference of .
the circumference near the tip of the barrel is 7 feet 4 inches and that of the rear is 9 feet 4 inches .
in other words , the circumference of the circle is the locus of points that represent state of stress on individual planes at all their orientations .
from base to top , the succeeding storeys get smaller in circumference and the topmost storey is capped with a crown holding the " kalasa " , a finial in the shape of a decorative water pot .
popular place for catching japanese amberjack or sand lance ( ammodytes personatus).area : 0.6 km² , circumference : 3.8 km .
the interior of the hall is further enriched by its crystal chandelier , which hangs 50 feet in circumference , 16 feet in diameter , and 5,000 pounds in weight .
the part of a bearing that rotates ( either axle hole or outer circumference ) must be fixed , while for a part that does not rotate this is not necessary ( so it can be allowed to slide ) .
and this entire facility is surrounded by a walking track , which is almost a kilometer in circumference .
the maximum allowable circumference is .
this would turn the wide gear that had 300 teeth along its circumference and the span would spin along 42 rollers constructed of steel .
as president of the aqueduct track , a position he held until his death in 1917 , philip dwyer purchased additional land , increased the track 's circumference , and rebuilt the viewing stands .
the light coming from each of these points on the circumference of the obstacle to the center of the shadow travels exactly the same distance , and so all the light arrives in phase and constructively interferes .
the hailstone had a diameter of and a circumference of .
a lacrosse ball is made out of solid rubber , measuring 7.75 to 8 inches ( 19.7–20 cm ) in circumference and weighing 5 to 5.25 ounces ( 140–149 g ) .
the races were held on a track of 500 metres in circumference .
height is often estimated using the rule of thumb of twice the forefoot circumference .
the inner circumference of the park is 1.17 kilometers .
only half of a tree 's root system occurs between the trunk and the circumference of its canopy .
daivajñas are classified as " mescocephals " or the medium headed once , characterized by smaller to medium noses and smaller circumference of head .
the drill pipe is pressed against the wellbore wall so that part of its circumference will see only reservoir pressure , while the rest will continue to be pushed by wellbore pressure .
it has a circumference of nearly a kilometre ( 0.6 mi ) and stands 35 metres ( 115 ft ) high , though it was probably considerably higher in ancient times .
while the circumference remained a circle , the gu side was shaped very slightly from spherical to oval .
at 30° n. 122° e. , it lies northwest to southeast , and has a circumference of , with a maximum length of , and a maximum width of .
the main dirt track is one mile in circumference with the inner turf course measuring seven furlongs .
a protected tree is identified as any that has a circumference of fifty centimetres or greater at one metre above ground - level .
he found that the circle whose diameter is 43 has for its circumference the square root of 18252 which gives 3.14185 ... for the value of π. john pell and others tried in vain to convince him of his error .
pungnaptoseong is a flat earthen wall built at the edge of the han river , with a circumference of 3.5 km .
hight is 30 – 60 ft tall & 1 meter circumference .
the quotient formed by the area of this polygon divided by the square of the circle radius can be made arbitrarily close to π as the number of polygon sides becomes large , proving that the area inside the circle of radius r is πr2 , π being defined as the ratio of the circumference to the diameter .
the sphere is approximately in height with a circumference of .
however , posidonius later revised his original calculation by correcting the distance between rhodes and alexandria to 3,750 stadia , resulting in a circumference of 180,000 stadia , or 18,000 miles .
this lady banksia rose now covers of the roof on an inn , and has a circumference trunk .
in " on the circular motions of the celestial bodies " , cleomedes credited him with having calculated the earth 's circumference around 240 bc , using knowledge of the angle of elevation of the sun at noon on the summer solstice in alexandria and in the elephantine island near syene ( now aswan , egypt ) .
the circumference of the whole complex of trees grown from the one central ancestor - still very much alive and all connected to it via the roots visible well over human height - is measured in kilometers .
for much of circumference , the inner wall consists of a rim that slopes down to a slumped terrace , which then slopes down more gently to the interior floor .
hence if the block circumference was divided into two sets of threads and gaps , the block only needed to be rotated ¼ turn to lock it instead of several turns .
the two mills together employed 230 people , and it was said that their weekly output equalled the circumference of the earth , and that wirksworth was the primary producer of red tape for whitehall .
beside a large platanus tree ( trunk circumference 4.5 meters ) and beside the old chapel of st. basil are the ruins of ancient buildings .
the round portion has a circumference of 36.2 meters and a height of 4.9 meters .
if swelling is observed , the calf circumference should be measured with a tape measure .
under the current rules , a major league baseball weighs between 5 and 5.25 ounces ( 142 - 149 grams ) , and is 9 to 9.25 " in circumference , which translates to a diameter of 2 7/8 " to 3 " .
the football used in rugby league is known as " international size " or " size 5 " and is approximately 27 cm long and 60 cm in circumference at its widest point .
the eminences of the lower circumference of the true pelvis are separated by three notches : one in front , the pubic arch , formed by the convergence of the inferior rami of the ischium and pubis on either side .
a regulation football is long and in circumference at its widest point .
those affected will usually have a significantly raised head circumference by age 2 .
penis girth is the measurement of the circumference of the completely erect penis .
the circumference of a great circle of the earth ( about 40,000 km/25,000 mi/21,600 nmi ) is often compared to large distances .
the mine is normally olive green or sand - coloured and is circular with two circular bands around the circumference , which act to cushion shock when the mine is deployed from the air .
the lamina is attenuate at the base , clasping the stem by around three - quarters of its circumference and rarely becoming decurrent .
it also tends to standardize the internal diameter or width of pressurized rooms , with machinery and furniture placed along the circumference .
the circumference of the base of the glans forms a rounded projecting border , the corona of the glans penis , overhanging a deep retroglandular sulcus , behind which is the neck of the penis .
the true circumference of the earth is about 40,000 km ( 25,000 mi ) , a figure established by eratosthenes in the second century bc , and the distance from the canary islands to japan 19,600 km ( 12,200 mi ) .
the largest circular accelerator ever built was the lep synchrotron at cern with a circumference 26.6 kilometers , which was an electron / positron collider .
the shaft of the baton is covered in scarlet velvet inlaid with a succession of golden lions passant along its length and around its circumference .
a two - hundred years old sycamore with circumference of the trunk 4 m is among the landmarks of the park .
" i.e. " a pedal point on the circumference gives a cardioid .
tourist bungalows are located almost around the entire circumference of the island .
the reason is that the radius of a circle would be measured with an uncontracted ruler , but , according to special relativity , the circumference would seem to be longer because the ruler would be contracted .
the title refers to the distance traveled under the sea and not to a depth , as 20,000 leagues is over 2.5 times the circumference of the earth .
the sides of the basin rises abruptly at an angle of about 75°. at the base , the lake has a circumference of about 4.8 km ( three miles ) .
with a height of , a crown spread of and a circumference of , the resulting score of 402 is higher than for any other white oak in maryland .
it is a divided four - lane highway and carries a speed limit of for its entire circumference .
in geometry , an arc is a closed segment of a differentiable curve in the two - dimensional plane ; for example , a circular arc is a segment of the circumference of a circle .
also every point on the circumference of a circle is equidistant from the centre .
area : 3.41 km² , circumference : 10.9 km .
these early chrysalis singles were allotted catalogue and matrix numbers in the main island wip and wipx series , respectively , and bore the legend " manufactured and distributed by island records basing st london " on the upper circumference of the label .
one of the largest elms in the u. s. , the 65 foot tall tree had foliage that spread 180 feet in diameter with a trunk circumference of 24 feet .
the racecourse is a narrow , oblong track , 1 mile 5 furlongs in circumference .
the biggest of them was seventeen feet high and twenty four feet in circumference and was said to be memorial of the greatest dimapur ruler makardhwaj ( probably khungkradoa raja who was given sanskritized name by brahmins later ) in whose time the traditional glory of the kachari kingdom rose to its climax and during whose time the conquests were made of manipur and burma by dehmalu , the greatest warlord of the kacharis .
since he thought rhodes was 5,000 stadia due north of alexandria , and the difference in the star 's elevation indicated the distance between the two locales was 1/48th of the circle , he multiplied 5,000 by 48 to arrive at a figure of 240,000 stadia for the circumference of the earth .
the city was surrounded by a large wall with a circumference of almost 7 km .
each press is custom built enabling the printer to select the print circumference , web width and folder to meet their own individual requirements and minimise excess trim waste .
to the east of the refectory is a stupa , in circumference .
the " measure " function shows that the length of equator is about 40,030.24 km , giving an error of −0.112% compared with the actual value of 40,075.02 km earth ; for the meridional circumference , it shows a length of about 39,963.13 km , also giving an error of −0.112% compared with the actual value of 40,007.86 km .
since the length of this boundary is the circumference of the tube , the force due to surface tension is given by
the principle is that over an infinitesimally small length of the shaft circumference , the theory of a lubricated pair can be applied .
the wrapping machine was propelled by a 200-hp motor , along an endless chain 1260 feet long around the circumference of the dome .
by summer of 1799 brenna completed expansion of cameron 's modest side wings into spacious private suites for paul and maria , and added new wings for their retinue , nearly completing the circumference of oval cour d'honneur .
matsudo 's oval is 333 meters in circumference .
the former railway station at moreton was famous for having the ticket office situated in a huge hollow oak tree with a circumference of 19 m.
first - generation machines had large photosensitive drums , of circumference greater than the paper length .
in the mucosa - to - mucosa , end to side method , an opened epididymal tubule is connected to the cut end of the vas deferens with 4 to 6 small ( 10 - 0 ) simple sutures placed around the circumference of each .
the blue lias rubble walling is the only visible structural remains of the castle which stand on a conical earthwork with a ditch approximately in circumference .
between two points which are directly opposite each other , called " antipodal points " , there are infinitely many great circles , but all great circle arcs between antipodal points have the same length , i.e. half the circumference of the circle , or formula_1 , where " r " is the radius of the sphere .
all points on the wheel move with a constant angular velocity around the instant centre of rotation p. all these points on the wheel are located on the circumference of concentric circles with p at the centre of these circles .
the rhic double storage ring is itself hexagonally shaped and long in circumference , with curved edges in which stored particles are deflected by 1,740 superconducting niobium - titanium magnets .
the reason for this was that johnson disapproved of pi , and had therefore based the engine around a non - euclidean wheel , on which the radius divided into the circumference exactly three times , thereby creating an area of dimensional instability .
nose is noted for the " noma keyaki " , a 1,000-year old keaki tree , 25 m tall , 11.95 m trunk circumference .
normalmensur is a rank of pipes based on an internal diameter of 155.5 mm at 8′ c ( the lowest note of the modern organ compass ) and a mouth width which is one - quarter of the circumference of such a pipe .
for example , consider the formulas for the circumference of a circle
within a distance of a few kilometres is the volcanic lake of issarlès ( 92 ha , 5 km in circumference , 108 m in depth ) .
the races were held on a track of 536.45 metres= mile in circumference .
the full circumference of the walls is accessible , as is the amphitheatre .
the course is a right - handed oval with a circumference of around one - and - a - quarter miles .
the scenic viewpoint is the location of the " octopus tree " , a large , multi - trunked sitka spruce with a trunk circumference of about 50 feet .
it may resemble a water wheel in appearance , and can be worked either by a human treading paddles set into its circumference ( treadmill ) , or by a human or animal standing inside it ( treadwheel ) .
ophiasis is a form of alopecia areata characterized by the loss of hair in the shape of a wave at the circumference of the head .
on 1 may 1828 swaminarayan installed the murtis of " ranchhodrai " and " trikamrai " on the principal altar of the temple , which is in circumference .
among the effects that need to be taken into account are circumference deformation for circular accelerators and particle beam energy .
it completely encircles the joint , being attached , above , to the circumference of the glenoid cavity beyond the glenoidal labrum ; below , to the anatomical neck of the humerus , approaching nearer to the articular cartilage above than in the rest of its extent .
the circumference of the earth .
for example , it is possible to determine the distance the car will travel for one revolution of the engine by dividing the circumference of the tire by the combined gear ratio of the transmission and differential .
