from there he penetrated to the bruges - ghent canal that the brussels government had dug to circumvent the dutch blockade of the coastal waters .
the recently developed inept framework and scripts have been reverse - engineered to circumvent this drm system .
a siege engine is a device that is designed to break or circumvent city walls and other fortifications in siege warfare .
tournament formats are used to circumvent gambling rules in other states as well .
to circumvent nova scotia 's sunday shopping laws , luckett registered sections of his bedford store as separate businesses .
this convention was designed to circumvent the parliament , which was working on its own draft constitution .
a similar technique was sometimes used to get the first call for prizes in radio " call - in " shows , thus leading to the adoption of random " fifth caller , " " seventeenth caller " etc . by radio stations to circumvent this practice .
a central aspect of rosenblum ’s work is innovating legal solutions that circumvent or mitigate infringements on rights .
anderson campaigned on habay 's handling of a legislative pay raise , which expanded a legislator 's car lease and mileage , added full medical coverage , and included an immediate pay raise of $ 109 a day in the form of an " unvouchered expense , " designed to circumvent a constitutional prohibition on legislative pay raises until the next election .
the hardware also attempts to prevent the installation of " unauthorized " firmware by using digital signatures , even though there are ways to circumvent the protection .
the master was also offered a new cycle of regenerations by the high council to save the doctor from the death zone , which may indicate that there are methods to circumvent the 12 regeneration limit .
the cells in the ectoderm that circumvent these neural cells do not receive the bmp-4 inhibitor signals and as a result bmp-4 induces these cells to develop into skin cells .
this notation creates a notational ambiguity with the composition of the factorial function with itself ( which for " n " > 2 gives much larger numbers than the double factorial ) ; this may be justified by the fact that that composition arises very seldom in practice , and could be denoted by ( " n " ! ) ! to circumvent the ambiguity .
" in most cases , scholars and libraries were able to circumvent the boycott one way or another - for example , by using " third parties " in less antagonistic countries although with delays and at greater expense . "
a manual release key could be used to circumvent this interlocking if , for example , a broken mechanical link or track circuit gave a false indication of a train on the line .
tucson sector agents apprehended 317,696 illegal aliens that attempted to circumvent enforcement efforts at the border and interior checkpoints .
this group initially attempted to circumvent the new york nec of the slp by declaring itself the official center of the organization in light of the interparty emergency that erupted in the summer of 1899 as a result of the rupture of section new york .
in april , using edward ’s support to circumvent somerset ’s opposition , thomas seymour secretly married henry viii 's widow catherine parr , whose protestant household included the 11-year - old lady jane grey and the 13-year - old princess elizabeth .
where ftp access is restricted , a remote ftp ( or ftpmail ) service can be used to circumvent the problem .
gardaí were also accused of operating a " no - arrest policy " in order to circumvent the judicial process ( this was based on comments made by superintendent joe gannon in an interview in " garda review " , in which he stated : " there were no arrests .
sableye holds the distinction of being one of two dual - typed pokémon who has no type that 's super effective against either types under normal circumstances ( the only way to circumvent this is through the moves odor sleuth , foresight , or miracle eye or the ability scrappy ) .
to circumvent claims of entrapment , the government brought caron before a military tribunal .
currently an ice sprinter pair of trains uses the line to circumvent bremen hbf .
the play received its world première in london on 22 april 1957 , in a production directed by peter zadek at the arts theatre club , a " private theatre club " that enabled the production to circumvent the lord chamberlain 's ban on public performances of the play ( though the censor still insisted that what he considered to be blasphemous references to christ , the virgin , the immaculate conception and saint theresa be cut , along with the failed revolutionary roger 's castration near the end of the play ) .
ordinary citizens could circumvent the complex , hierarchic bureaucracy of the state , and appeal directly to his magnanimity and judgment .
to circumvent this the bike path could be included on the grade - separation bridge — only a thin deck , such as on the rosecrans ave / aviation blvd green line bridge , is needed , which has very low cost .
others have argued that the practice of traumatic insemination may have been an adaptation for males to circumvent female resistance to mating to eliminate courtship time , allowing one male to inseminate many mates when contact between them is brief ; or that it evolved as a new development in the sperm competition as a means to deposit sperm as close to the ovaries as possible .
one way to circumvent this rule has been for astronomers to exchange the courtesy of naming their discoveries after each other .
in 1983 , he helped " ninoy " aquino circumvent an order from manila forbidding aquino the issuance of a passport ; lucman obtained a passport for aquino with the name " marcial bonifacio " ( " marcial " referring to martial law , and " bonifacio " for fort bonifacio , where aquino had previously been imprisoned ) .
he voted against the partial - birth abortion ban act , against the unborn victims of violence act and against the criminalization of the transportation of minors across state lines by non - family members to circumvent local abortion laws .
supposed evidence and eyewitness ' testimony suggest , however , that kshamenk may have been force - stranded ( driven ashore on purpose ) and retained to circumvent argentine laws against the commercial capture of wild marine mammals .
united states v. elcomsoft and dmitry sklyarov was a 2001 - 2 criminal case in which dmitry sklyarov and his employer elcomsoft were charged with trafficking in , and offering to the public , a software program that could circumvent technological protections on copyrighted material , in violation of of title 17 of the united states code ( the copyright acts , including most of the digital millennium copyright act ) , as well as ( aiding and abetting ) and ( conspiracy ) of title 18 , part i , of the united states code ( the federal criminal code ) .
the massachusetts legislature in 1913 passed the three laws denying marriage rights to persons domiciled out - of - state who came to massachusetts to circumvent their own states ' anti - miscegenation marriage laws .
on the real number line we could circumvent this problem by erecting a " barrier " at the single point " x " = 0 .
erie county ’s republican elections commissioner has alleged that former democratic chairman g. steven pigeon laundered thousands of dollars from buffalo sabres owner b. tom golisano ’s political committee and others in an attempt to conceal the origin and circumvent contribution limits , in violation of state election law .
this is to circumvent the ruling from the lawsuit described below .
to circumvent the tradition the original dwelling was demolished and replaced , voiding the descendants ' claim to the property .
to circumvent this restriction , gosset used the name " student " , and consequently the distribution was named " student 's t - distribution " .
to partially circumvent the treaty , the missile , utilizing the capacity unused due to 10 warhead limitation , was equipped with 40 heavy decoys .
" lullaby of birdland ' " is a 1952 popular song with music by george shearing and lyrics by george david weiss under the pseudonym " b. y. forster " in order to circumvent the rule that ascap and bmi composers could not collaborate .
the jungle of the maps tends to sprawl out in all directions , allowing players to achieve different angles for assaults , or even completely circumvent enemies ( given enough time to maneuver ) .
to circumvent the 25% tariff on light trucks ( known as the chicken tax ) , luvs ( as with ford couriers ) were imported in " cab chassis " configurations , which included the entire light truck , less the cargo box or truck bed and were only subject to a 4% tariff .
as the name - jacked domains are set up using non - trademarked names and they have a purpose other than selling the domain name back to an individual , they circumvent the " anti - cybersquatting consumer protection act " ( acpa ) laws u.s.c. § 1125 and u.s.c. § 1129 .
using a rigorous software engineering approach both ground and in - flight software systems are independently evaluated during planning , coding and testing in an effort to circumvent mission failure , the loss of equipment or personnel , and to meet time and cost constraints .
nimis " was sold to joseph beuys as a means to circumvent the swedish building code laws concerning unlawful building process .
to circumvent this problem , in 1794 he quietly sought to sell off his western lands and lease his outlying farms in order to finance the emancipation of his slaves , but this plan fell through because enough buyers and renters could not be found .
in order to circumvent the restraining order , vee - jay quickly reconfigured " introducing ... the beatles " .
the digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ) is an extension to united states copyright law passed unanimously on may 14 , 1998 , which criminalizes the production and dissemination of technology that allows users to circumvent technical copy - restriction methods .
botters were able to circumvent this limitation by signing up for a white - list account which was subject to an unknown probationary period where aol administrators monitored the account .
with liberal school officials in tow , they brazenly circumvent and abuse parental authority to use good - hearted but misguided children as pawns to further their deceptive agenda . " cwa supports their position by claiming that homosexuals do not suffer from a history of discrimination , that reports of bias crimes against lgbt people are typically fabricated , and that such protections would violate the religious liberties of christians .
citizen media law project assistant director sam bayard said of the wipo arbitrator 's decision , " it 's good to see that this wipo arbitrator had no interest in allowing beck to circumvent the guarantees of the u.s. constitution . "
members of import communities usually need a way to circumvent regional locks .
at the same time , it ’s difficult to find a lot of sympathy for power , which deliberately rejected facebook ’s established third - party access channels and instead got its users to provide their sign - on information so power could circumvent facebook ’s established chain and obtain unfettered access .
the cast made it clear that the film was their " farewell " to the fans of the show , and with the franchise taking the movie format , the cast and crew were now allowed to circumvent the censors , showing more vulgar stunts than the ones featured on the tv show .
organizations such as media watchdog group media council hawaii viewed the plan as a way to circumvent fcc rules preventing one company owning two of the top four stations in any market .
afterward canals and locks were built to circumvent these rapids .
in order to circumvent this , the two partners officially incorporated diamond - star motors in october 1985 .
the obama administration 's plan for chrysler – which involved giving a politically favored constituency ( the united auto workers ) priority at the expense of both taxpayers and legally privileged secured creditors – was an effort to circumvent the rule of law . "
he was charged with distributing a product designed to circumvent copyright protection measures , under the terms of the digital millennium copyright act and arrested by the fbi as he was about to return to moscow .
to circumvent this problem , dye - based inks are made with solvents that dry rapidly or are used with quick - drying methods of printing , such as blowing hot air on the fresh print .
he speculated that with scientific intervention , human beings might be able to circumvent the aging process and achieve longer lifespans , and possibly even one day achieve physical immortality .
many social scientists have criticized corporations for failing to act in the interests of the people , and their existence seems to circumvent the principles of democracy , which assumes equal power relations between individuals in a society .
sparks also advised that this marina project application would circumvent the local council approval process and utilise what is called the " part 3a " method of approval .
zamoyski 's estates functioned as a country within a country , and he decided to found the city of zamość in order to circumvent royal tariffs and duties while also serving as the capital for his mini - state .
under the u.s. office of scientific research and development ( osrd ) , it was a spinoff of the radiation laboratory ( rad lab ) at mit , and set up to develop electronic countermeasures to enemy radars and communications , as well as electronic counter - countermeasures ( eccm ) to circumvent enemy ecm .
in october 2005 apple released update 10.4.3 to developers that required nx bit microprocessor support ; however , patches were released to circumvent this .
in residential neighborhoods , they are notorious for discovering clever methods to circumvent obstacles in order to eat out of bird feeders .
in arriving at that decision the delegate took into account a departmental submission which , " inter alia " , submitted that mr kioa had been actively involved with people who were seeking to circumvent australia ’s immigration laws .
thus , they can not move and breathe at the same time , a situation called carrier 's constraint , though some , such as monitor lizards , can circumvent this restriction via buccal pumping .
765.04 marriage abroad to circumvent the laws .
in addition , thousands of newly immigrated sephardic jews were recruited to do digging ; to circumvent strict labor laws , they were hired in increments of 59 days , separated by one day off .
it may be possible for google to circumvent the internet requirement .
one of his biggest market coups came during the 1973 - 1974 arab oil embargo , when he used his middle eastern contacts to circumvent the embargo and buy crude oil from iran and iraq .
cao cao gave the guanxi forces an impression that a frontal assault was imminent , but on the other hand , he sent xu huang and zhu ling to travel north and cross the yellow river via the puban crossing ( 浦阪津 ) to the west with four thousand men and pitch camp there , in order to circumvent tong pass .
being directly commissioned by king fahd and promoted by the mayor of jeddah , el - wakil managed to circumvent all the bureaucratic regulations that would have prevented the mosque ever being built .
this has become more common in recent titles , in order to circumvent the uop disabling that many applications or dvd players offer .
critics claim that the rwandan government fostered the creation of rtlm as " hate radio " , to circumvent the fact they had committed themselves to a ban against " harmful radio propaganda " in the un 's march 1993 joint communiqué in dar - es - salaam .
on the dcc-175 portable recorder it was possible to circumvent the scms protection by copying audio to the hard disk and then back to another tape , using the dcc - studio program .
however , spam lit exists primarily for a more insidious reason : to circumvent the powerful spam filters developed by major email providers such as google , yahoo , aol .
nv ingenieurskantoor voor scheepsbouw ( " dutch : engineer - office for shipbuilding " ) , usually contracted to ivs , was a dutch dummy company set up by the reichsmarineamt after world war i in order to maintain and develop german submarine know - how and to circumvent the limitations set by the treaty of versailles .
as a result of a ten - year agreement with icelandic airline loftleidir , braathens safe managed to circumvent these restrictions , and was able to operate its c-54/dc-4s on regular routes from europe to the united states via iceland , using an icelandic operating permit .
these and other supplies were being transported through soviet and occupied polish territories , and this allowed nazi germany to circumvent the british naval blockade .
in countries such as new zealand where bzp and related piperazines have been recently made illegal , there is now increasing commercial interest in piperazine free " party pills " which are purported to produce similar effects with ingredients that will circumvent the ban .
one is when the owner of a website has already been issued an injunction against posting infringing material on their website and then links to the same material in an attempt to circumvent the injunction .
in the 16th century , the kings of france , in an effort to exert a more direct control over royal finances and to circumvent the double - board ( accused of poor oversight ) , instituted numerous administrative reforms , including the restructuring of the financial administration and an increase in the number of " généralités " .
songs loaded onto an itg 2 machine in this manner circumvent the restrictions imposed on custom songs : the banner and song samples load on the song selection screen , the background pictures and/or videos display during gameplay , and if the song is 2 1/2 minutes or longer , it will not be cut off .
the potential advantage of this novel approach is that , by using herv antigens as surrogate markers of hiv infected cells , it could circumvent the difficulty inherent in directly targeting notoriously diverse and rapidly mutating hiv antigens .
subsequently , the british and americans started a joint operation to circumvent the russian blockade of all overland routes .
stewart pollens conjectures that in adding the damper - raising stop to the piano , silberman may have been attempting to partially circumvent this restriction .
pokryshkin was forbidden to fly altogether , but managed to circumvent the rule a few times and still continued to score an occasional kill .
he played the key role in establishing and subsequently developing melbourne university private limited ( mup ) , a private university established to work alongside with the university of melbourne , so as to circumvent regulations strictly limiting the money - making educational ventures of australian universities .
by ceasing schreckstoff production during the breeding season , males circumvent this problem .
the zfn - encoded plasmid - based approach has the potential to circumvent all the problems associated with the viral delivery of therapeutic genes .
they also sought a southern route to india so as to circumvent arab traders and establish direct trade with asia .
alternative data can circumvent all these issues .
as a result , certain programs may , effectively , circumvent mandatory locking .
ec , after experimenting with less controversial comic books , dropped its comics line to focus on the satiric " mad " — a comic book that changed to magazine format in order to circumvent the code .
he spent two years preaching christianity and attempting to circumvent the official ban on the religion in the muslim state .
currency swaps were originally conceived in the 1970s to circumvent foreign exchange controls in the united kingdom .
in a federal system such as the united states , however , judges have been less constrained and feel more free to circumvent another us state 's laws ( see conflict of laws in the united states ) .
louisiana highway 7 , from baton rouge , thus entered hammond from the west on church street before jogging south to circumvent the hammond train depot and continue to covington .
it states that filters are used to avoid ballot stuffing ; the method is not described in detail to avoid attempts to circumvent it .
in 1982 & ' 83 , mitsubishi introduced the australian - built chrysler sigma to the uk as the lonsdale sigma in an attempt to circumvent british import quotas , but the new brand was unsuccessful .
andy risks punishment by explaining to hadley how to circumvent the taxes legally ; hadley accepts andy 's advice and rewards his friends with a brief respite and beer .
most ancient cultures used various methods of divination to attempt to circumvent randomness and fate .
there is some indication that many of the younger members of sirayan society embraced the dutch marriage customs as a means to circumvent the age - grade system in a push for greater village power .
a useful mnemonic device for remembering this aspect of their function , though not the source of the name , is that they allow factors to ' circumvent ' the blood - brain barrier .
whilst no national politics can be deduced wholly and unmediatedly from the motive forces of world history , by the same token , given the degree of density of planetary politics in the twentieth century and beyond , no political history can skate over or circumvent universal social trends .
to circumvent media restrictions , indian national congress activists , led by usha mehta , contacted mumbai - based amateur radio operators , " bob " tanna ( vu2lk ) and nariman printer to help broadcast messages to grass - roots party workers across the country .
not only is the narrative translated with changes only where it was obviously necessary to circumvent censorial frowns , but miss garbo gives a most intelligent and fascinating impersonation of that ' sad lady ' ...
it is possible to circumvent almost all the scrambling on the route via great door by taking a path to the left of the major gully , and a cairned track without any scrambling runs up the west side from below stirrup crag to the minor col between the two tops of yewbarrow .
grady 's proposal was widely regarded as an attempt to circumvent the board 's february 2006 vote to retract a controversial model lesson plan and to remove the indicator on which it was based from the standards ; the indicator , which called for students to be able to " describe how scientists continue to investigate and critically analyze aspects of evolutionary theory , " was generally criticized as providing a pretext for instilling scientifically unwarranted doubts about evolution .
the hacker is then contacted by a technician who managed to circumvent shodan 's jamming signal .
british support for iraq during the iran – iraq war especially illustrated the ways by which iraq would circumvent export controls .
but so far no algorithm has been developed to circumvent the reversal and addition iterative process .
readers with a numeric keypad are meant to circumvent the eavesdropping threat where the computer might be running a keystroke logger , potentially compromising the pin code .
the f-150 was introduced in 1975 to help circumvent coming emissions requirements .
it is generally accepted that " from the early 1920s until 1933 , the soviet union was engaged in secret collaboration with the german military to enable it to circumvent the provisions of the versailles treaty " , which prohibited germany 's military production .
for ti-89 programmers , ghost space starts from address 0x40000 , and it is widely used to circumvent some of the protections introduced with the hw2 ( hardware version 2 ) release of the calculator .
in 1998 , american president bill clinton signed the digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ) , which criminalized all production , dissemination , and use of certain cryptanalytic techniques and technology ( now known or later discovered ) ; specifically , those that could be used to circumvent drm technological schemes .
enfield falls canal is a canal that was built to circumvent the shallows at enfield falls on the connecticut river .
due to the a1 league 's immigration provisions , many top foreign prospects chose the path of naturalization in order to circumvent the league 's rules .
technical measures for ensuring anonymity , such as proxy servers , can be used to circumvent restrictions imposed by geolocation software .
however , the very fact that the service can be made available on a different port can be considered a further benefit , as it allows to circumvent restrictions on port 25 .
the venetian senate passed sumptuary laws , but these merely resulted in changes in fashion in order to circumvent the law .
the fac alleged that facebook implemented specific technical measures to block access by power.com after defendants informed facebook that they intended to continue their service without using facebook connect , and that defendants then attempted to circumvent those technological measures .
or , demonstrate a case in which it is possible to circumvent surrender to the exemplar by eliminating any necessity for it to be considered that jtb apply in just those areas which gettier has rendered obscure , without thereby lessening the force of jtb to apply in those cases where it actually is crucial .
holden was able to circumvent this regulation by naming its team the ‘
whether this was an accidental oversight on the part of the foreign press association , or a deliberate attempt to circumvent the rules , is unknown , but it had not ever happened before , and has not happened since .
she attempted to circumvent this by buying a table at the chinawhite marquee for £ 6,000 through her agent , but this was refused as well .
fascism opposed its version of idealism to prevalent rationalism , and used the opera nazionale balilla to circumvent educational tradition by imposing the collective and hierarchy , as well as mussolini 's own personality cult .
this enabled the marksmen to circumvent the massachusetts blue laws and play on a sunday .
after the four are discovered , donovan shoots and mortally wounds henry , forcing indiana to circumvent the traps using the information in his father 's diary , with donovan and elsa shortly following him .
many hacks sprang up following " half - life 2 's " launch , each claiming to be able to circumvent steam and enable the user to get the games for free .
he wanted to circumvent these laws by hiring a boat to sail from calcutta to vancouver .
she also claims he bragged about being able to circumvent mlb 's testing policy .
this enabled british airways to circumvent the slot restrictions the slot co - ordinator for the airports in the paris region had imposed on orly 's non - resident airline users , which limited each of these airlines to holding a maximum of four daily pairs of slots , and to offer up to six daily round - trips on that route .
its binary representation corresponds to a compressed version of the c source code of a computer program implementing the decss decryption algorithm , which can be used by a computer to circumvent a dvd 's copy protection .
over - arching terms such as the makhzen ( palace authorities , in broad terms ) , government , caliph and other terms have been used ( intentionally or unintentionally ) to circumvent giving the politician credit .
he was troubled by al qaeda 's continued ability to circumvent sanctions , which he said " need more teeth " .
to circumvent these restrictions , the company resorted to the ploy of registering their vessels in the names of its directors and set up an operating company , the barry and bristol channel steamship company .
if , however , the system supports power savings or quick boot methods , the bios may be able to circumvent the standard post device discovery , and simply program the devices from a preloaded system device table .
winner wrote to senate elections committee chairman senator joseph griffo that an article profiling spitzer in " new york magazine " " outlined what may have been a willful effort by eliot spitzer and his father to circumvent campaign - contribution limits in new york state law and then conceal their actions . "
the implied - contract theory to circumvent at will employment must be treated with caution .
to circumvent this organ shortage problem , researchers continue to look for ways to " grow " islets — or at least cells capable of physiologically regulated insulin secretion — in vitro , but currently only islets from cadaveric donors can be used to restore euglycemia .
other predators , such as some species of frogs , circumvent the need to break snail shells by simply swallowing the snail whole , shell and all .
in general the model was developed to circumvent a weakness in the bell - lapadula model which only addresses data confidentiality .
the asa took a very dim view of this attempt to circumvent its code and upheld the complaint , telling the company not to repeat the approach .
it is expected that hedge fund and private equity fund managers will begin to more frequently use sars in order to circumvent irs code 457a while maintaining proper alignment of long term incentives for employee and investors .
the reaction from the creationist forces would be to create the new concept of intelligent design specifically in order to circumvent this ruling .
the proposal to implement an entirely new constitution met with strong opposition from the people 's republic of china and great unease from the united states , both of which feared the proposal to rewrite the constitution to be a veiled effort to achieve taiwan independence , as it would sever a legal link to mainland china , and to circumvent chen 's original four noes and one without pledge .
it is a western alternate route of u.s. route 101 between eureka and arcata , routed via the three bridges over humboldt bay and indian island and woodley islands , rather than motorists having to circumvent the entire northern section of the bay ( known as arcata bay ) to the road connecting the arcata area to the samoa peninsula .
british law encouraging filmmaking in the commonwealth led hollywood to circumvent the spirit of the concept by establishing film production companies to make american films in calgary , toronto , montreal and victoria .
in its investigation and subsequent ruling the united states department of justice found that the corporation went to significant lengths to circumvent rules regarding the exports including setting up a front company .
forrest would go on to testify on the religious origins and nature of the intelligent design movement , the wedge document , and also demonstrated that the drafts of the textbook at the center of the court case " of pandas and people " , substituted terms such as " intelligent design " and " intelligent designer " in place of " creationism " and " creator " in an attempt to circumvent the ruling in the edwards v. aguillard which determined that teaching creationism in public schools violated the establishment clause of the united states constitution .
the methods above ( and below ) use experimental techniques to circumvent the diffraction barrier , but one can also use crafty analysis to increase the ability to know where a nanoscale object is located .
sparks also advised that this marina project application would circumvent the local council approval process and utilise what is called the " part 3a " method of approval .
households may circumvent expensive fortified food by altering dietary habits .
to circumvent child labor laws and the attention of the gerry society , she performed under the stage names " doris levant " ( actually her young niece 's name ) and " lucille levant " .
the pentium name was first used to refer to the p5 core intel processors ( pent refers to the 5 in p5 , ) and was done to circumvent court rulings that prevent the trademarking of a string of numbers , so competitors could not just call their processor the same name , as had been done with the prior 386 and 486 processors .
the club has women on its membership waiting list , but will not allow them to circumvent the regular membership process to appease those outside the club .
in an attempt to circumvent the plot , judah sent his son to portugal with a nurse , but by order of the king , the son was seized and baptized .
one of those substances is a-232 of the novichok class of binary weapons , which were designed to circumvent future bans on such agents .
accompanied by reconnaissance specialist fernandez ( naomi gaskin ) , sniper king ( matthew g. taylor ) , and tech genius ebershaw ( wayne ward ) , garth must find some way to circumvent encrypt , the deadly computerized security system surrounding the estate .
in practice , however , this serves little use ; the person involved can usually circumvent the ban by simply registering another username and continuing the same behavior as before .
oldfield did attempt to circumvent virgin and create publicity for the album by offering a prize of £ 1000 of his own money to the first person to find the " secret message " hidden within it , although the competition received little coverage and consequently its impact on sales was negligible .
however , most magazines will not feed every single pellet , leaving 2 - 3 pellets at the end of the magazine or in the feed tube of the hop - up chamber ( some players may circumvent this problem by inverting the gun to allow gravity to feed the pellets instead ) .
cole 's dismounted command began to engage irving , but moments later munford 's command attacked from their rear flank , having been able to circumvent the union position by riding around its left flank along the river and approaching its rear via smart 's mill lane , which cole had foolishly left unguarded .
moreover , it probably can not be used to circumvent obligations for payments of debt .
however , some tobacco companies attempted to circumvent the ban by marketing new brands of cigarettes as " little cigars " ; examples included tijuana smalls , which came out almost immediately after the ban took effect , and backwoods smokes , which reached the market in the winter of 1973–1974 and whose ads used the slogan , " how can anything that looks so wild taste so mild . "
in 1973 , atari secretly spawned a " competitor " called kee games , headed by nolan 's next door neighbor joe keenan , to circumvent pinball distributors ' insistence on exclusive distribution deals ; both atari and kee could market ( virtually ) the same game to different distributors , with each getting an " exclusive " deal .
today the alfalfa leafcutter bee is increasingly used to circumvent this problem .
at the time a transfer fee limit of £ 350 existed in the football league and it has been speculated that the joint fee was a means to circumvent these restrictions , with more than 50% of the fee being liable for thomson 's signature .
the " daily mail " , a british tabloid newspaper , persuaded budd 's father to encourage her to apply for british citizenship to circumvent the international sporting boycott of south africa , on the grounds that her grandfather was british , so that she could compete in the 1984 summer olympics in los angeles .
on the following days cossack , tatar and janissary troops unsuccessfully tried to circumvent the right wing of the polish - lithuanian army , and flank attack the left wing of the troops of the commonwealth .
the use of the notwithstanding clause in the 1990s to circumvent the quebec charter of rights and freedoms also drew a francophobic reaction in other canadian provinces ; the " syndrome de sault ste .
to circumvent nanotechnological methods with their complex machinery , alternate approaches have been followed to grow photonic crystals as self - assembled structures from colloidal crystals .
the theft of the eyes suggests that terminator flesh is capable of accepting some degree of organ grafts from ordinary humans , that it can circumvent transplant rejection , and is capable of sustaining the life of the grafted tissue via its own unknown biological process .
both are dubious of the wisdom in letting marlo meet their supplier as they believe he will try to circumvent them .
the results suggested the need of a careful examination of carbon nanotubes toxic effects by means of multiple tests to circumvent the possible problem of artifactual results due to the interference of nanomaterials with the dye markers employed [ 17 ] .
in 1813 , galt attempted to establish a gibraltarian trading company , in order to circumvent napoleon 's embargo on british trade ; however , wellington 's victory in spain made this no longer necessary .
in the united kingdom , the " off licence " status of a store could once be used as a device to circumvent restrictive trading laws , particularly those concerning sunday trading .
choicesuk chose to circumvent the online dvd rental market , and instead focused upon its physical base of stores and supplying the convenience store sector with new white - label goods .
performing abortion on maltese territory is also illegal , though over the years several loopholes ( non - inclusion of outer territorial waters , no mention of advertising ) permitted individuals to circumvent the ban for limited time periods .
this represents yet another application of path integral formulation to circumvent the wave - particle duality of light .
reports indicate underage gamers found ways to circumvent the measure .
although the great majority of censored sites are pornographic , the list is liberally salted with an attempt to block all anonymous proxy servers which serve to circumvent web - blocking and internet gambling sites .
the despotify team have said that they wo n't attempt to circumvent the block .
contrary to myth , vinegar can not be used as a detoxification agent to circumvent urinalysis testing for marijuana .
in 2009 , mahindra & mahindra limited has announced it will import pickup trucks from india in knockdown kit ( ckd ) form , again to circumvent the chicken tax .
search engine giants , google and yahoo ! , were approached to investigate the potential capability for blocking access to their cached web pages in thailand , a common technique used to circumvent blocking .
in addition to blows such as punches and kicks , players can utilize throwing or " grappling " to circumvent " blocks " .
both sit and ait circumvent this problem by turning to descriptive complexities of individual things .
chhattisgarh vikas party " was an extremely short - lived group of twelve mlas who had defected from the bhartiya janata party and announced the grouping 's name with the suffix ' party ' in order to circumvent the anti - defection law , and merged in to the congress party the next day .
claiborne listed all employees in the directory in alphabetical order to circumvent what she perceived as male hierarchies .
this is to circumvent the criticism of the ufwc that because countries do not always play their strongest teams in non - competitive matches , the honour could be unwittingly lost by a sub - strength team .
it is one of the triumphs of comparatively recent years ( ~ 1948 - 1950 ) that the concepts of lorentz covariance and gauge invariance were exploited sufficiently cleverly to circumvent these difficulties in quantum electrodynamics and so allow the calculation of very small radiative effects to extremely high precision , in full agreement with experiment .
to circumvent this , hes developed a bypass technology called the ' piggy back ' or ' dongle ' game , where you could insert an officially licensed nes cartridge into the back of a hes game and it operated using the country code of the official title .
in may 1988 , gingrich ( along with 77 other house members and common cause ) brought ethics charges against democratic speaker jim wright , who was alleged to have used a book deal to circumvent campaign - finance laws and house ethics rules .
marriage abroad ( to circumvent the laws ) restrictions are in place in several states of the united states such as wisconsin .
however , the kisugi sisters managed to cunningly circumvent kazumi 's suspicion by appearing that hitomi was still at home during the cat 's eye mission .
in a way to circumvent broadcasting regulations bet has created a late - night segment called " uncut " to air uncensored videos .
datatypes , but in practice they are sometimes used to circumvent standard c conventions to create a kind of primitive subtyping .
" the supportive posture [ rak ] takes toward the islamic republic of iran is undermining the policies of the united states” … [rak ] has become “ an increasingly important staging ground for iranian efforts to circumvent international economic sanctions , ”
many of nirvana 's radio sessions and unreleased early recordings were starting to circulate via trading circles and illegal bootlegs , so the album served to circumvent the bootleggers .
german law , for instance , while allowing the manufacture of copies of copyrighted digital material for personal , non - commercial use , dictates that it is illegal to circumvent mechanisms that prevent copying .
accordingly , beck is attempting to use this transnational body to circumvent and subvert the respondent ’s constitutional rights . " in the legal brief , randazza pointed out that beck 's action of going to the wipo in an attempt to get the website taken down was in contradiction to his prior statements saying he prefers united states law over international law . "
as an immediate consequence , the draft of the creation science high school biology textbook " of pandas and people " , which had already been phrased to circumvent the restrictions of the 1968 epperson v. arkansas and 1975 daniel v. waters rulings by presenting a creationism without reference to the book of " genesis " or to christian tenets , was altered in 1987 so that all references to " creation " or " creationism " were changed to " intelligent design " .
while he has proven to be a canny and tenacious detective , he is disliked by several of his superiors because of his disdain for authority , tendency to circumvent the chain of command to set up investigations and perceived arrogance .
although officially named volunteer legion , it was primarily formed by draft to circumvent the international law prohibiting drafting inhabitants of occupied territories by the occupier .
this is untrue in principle and in practice , as malicious technologies such as spyware , keyjacking , and man in the browser have proven to be able to circumvent ssl by obtaining sensitive data prior to encryption .
to circumvent the regulations , sanford made an oral arrangement with merrill lynch to sell the junk bonds on december 31 , 1984 in exchange for a $ 155 million " account receivable due from brokers " and repurchase the bonds on january 2 , 1985 for the same amount , plus a fee .
however , so long as the federal funds were distributed “ equitably , ” states could circumvent this anti - discrimination provision by establishing separate institutions for white and black citizens .
it was criticized as a " back door " attempt to circumvent the constitution .
each issue of " computist " included several " softkeys " , short code snippets and instructions designed to circumvent software copy protection routines .
scammers circumvent commercial registration requirements by making one - on - one sales .
the company was able to overcome the effects of the sanctions and insulate indian defence forces from the fall - out of denial regimes by finding technical solutions to circumvent the denials and by keeping up the promised deliveries to customers .
to circumvent vault and safe security features , robbers often kidnap the bank manager , but that is not always a successful workaround as banks have often removed the manager 's ability to open the vault .
baldwin announced that he would use the internet in the same manner as ron paul " to circumvent the media . "
more sophisticated systems are available , which are more difficult to circumvent .
in addition , many pac works have been carried out under the decree , trying to circumvent the electoral law that prohibits transfers of federal funds for new works in the three months prior to the selection of mayors .
frustrated with the lack of support he received from the exarch ( r.a. markus describes him as a " large thorn in gregory 's side " ) , the pope tried to circumvent romanus ' authority by appealing to the byzantine emperor maurice in 595 , but this proved fruitless , given the fact that maurice saw more emphasis in maintaining a link between ravenna and the balkans , where he kept the avars and slavs at bay .
some students attempted to circumvent the new ordinances during mardi gras by creating an underground event , " polygras " , which was discussed online throughout the winter of 2004 - 2005 .
the fdr , on the other hand , wish to prove that not only would e - money work , but that it can circumvent government controls such as taxes .
of the two elder sons , robert was considered to be much the weaker and was generally preferred by the nobles who held lands on both sides of the english channel , since they could more easily circumvent his authority .
each time he repeated that , either tim or tom would come up with a fresh idea on how to circumvent the " no more comedians needed for this segment " order .
s ) ( set up by germany after world war i in order to maintain and develop german submarine know - how and to circumvent the limitations set by the treaty of versailles ) and built in 1933 by the finnish crichton - vulcan shipyard in turku , finland .
there were passionate arguments and attempts to circumvent this restriction , but they fell on deaf ears , and the gymnase musical became a dance hall instead .
his leadership in the failed policy of massive resistance to racial desegregation of the public schools and efforts to circumvent related rulings of the united states supreme court ultimately caused closure of some public schools in the state and alienated many middle class voters .
it is possible to circumvent this strict licensing policy through the purchase of a commercial software license from oracle corporation consisting of terms and conditions which are negotiated at the time of sale .
the soviet union and germany entered a trade pact in february of 1940 , pursuant to which the soviets received german military and industrial equipment in exchange for supplying raw materials to germany to help circumvent a british blockade .
the un can not circumvent peremptory norms and its resolutions are subject to judicial review .
in 1935 , ryan established two publishing concerns , the cooperative press and liberty press , to circumvent the difficulties in publishing left - wing material .
radio luxembourg was a music station broadcasting to britain from luxembourg as a way to circumvent the bbc 's national monopoly and a ban in the united kingdom on broadcast advertising .
bell mobility ( canada ) has also been known to disable ev - do functionality of the phone on their network , and there is currently no way to circumvent this block .
chuck begins to panic but she calms him down , allowing him to flash on the gymnastics skills to allow him to circumvent the lasers and reach the briefcase .
his widow continued to run the company but in 1922 it was bought by the morris motor company and the company was renamed " morris - léon bollée " , the intention being to use the new company to sell morris designs in france and circumvent the then current french import restrictions .
to circumvent this , the 20th fbw was temporally " not manned " and the provisional 20th tactical air division was created to accommodate both wings .
the hypothesis built from the imaging studies is that wallis 's brain reconnected neurons which remained intact and formed new connections to circumvent damaged areas .
shardik is very hungry by now and attacks the town at the eastern end of the island , somehow knowing to circumvent its defences on land by swimming out into the river and swimming back to it .
they detest " liberals " and circumvent hunting regulations , which they refer to as anti - hunting laws , by yelling , " it 's coming right for us ! " before shooting any animal , thereby justifying the kill as self - defense .
her final action took place on january 23-january 24 , 1865 when the confederate squadron in the james river , including ironclads " virginia ii " , css " richmond " and css " fredericksburg " , with five smaller vessels , made a second unsuccessful attempt to circumvent obstructions in trent 's reach .
labor and environmental advocates argue that free trade thereby creates conditions that allow companies to circumvent domestic regulations by producing elsewhere .
however , the chp has never been able to pass or circumvent the five - percent threshold on its own .
panda sees skunk as crucial to saving the valley and endeavors to teach skunk , who often tries to circumvent laborious kung fu training , only to learn the value of the initial lesson from the consequences of his actions .
[ knesset bill to nullify court ruling on our rabbis ] - attempt by orthodox jews to circumvent israeli high court rulings on the seating of conservative and reform rabbinical nominees to local religious councils .
they were married in a suburb of moscow by an army priest on 29 april 1902 , using the family 's military background to circumvent the church .
the theft of the scientist 's eyes suggests that terminator flesh is capable of accepting some degree of organ grafts from ordinary humans , that it can circumvent transplant rejection , and is capable of sustaining the life of the grafted tissue via its own unknown biological process .
they have a tendency to trade on their relationship with ben to circumvent the standard legal process and take their innumerable complaints directly to ben himself .
the opening page or two - page splash usually consists of the cast of the show introducing themselves directly to the reader ; in some parodies , the writers sometimes attempt to circumvent this convention by presenting the characters without such direct exposition .
seedboxes are also used to circumvent speed throttling by isps or evade national laws such as the hadopi law in france .
members of these religions who find this uncomfortable will often circumvent this requirement by wearing a crew - neck or mock turtleneck shirt under their blouse .
the digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ) is an amendment to united states copyright law passed unanimously on may 14 , 1998 , which criminalizes the production and dissemination of technology that allows users to circumvent technical copy - restriction methods .
it was a variation on the percussion revolver , designed with chambers in a drum mounted so it would rotate horizontally ( around a vertically - mounted pivot ) , rather than around a horizontal axis , in an attempt to circumvent the patent by of samuel b. colt .
the government proposed further amendments to the bill in 2007 which will seek to deal with new practices designed to circumvent the provisions of the act .
