he is cofounder and director of the israel program on constitutional government and is a member of the policy advisory board at the ethics and public policy center .
it is next to the grave of dr. lucille teasdale , the cofounder of hospital and a mentor and friend .
he was the eponym of jeffersonian democracy and the cofounder and leader of the democratic - republican party , which dominated american politics for 25 years .
monday was cofounder and president of musicwriter inc. , a californian company that developed the notestation , a point - of - sale kiosk for printing sheet music for sale to customers in music stores .
early in the decade , however , it picked up the adventure series " challenge of the yukon " , which had originated at mbs cofounder wxyz in 1938 after the station 's departure from the network .
viterbi was the cofounder of linkabit corporation , with irwin jacobs in 1968 , a small military contractor .
he has been cofounder of several of them .
he was also a cofounder of the " texas observer " magazine .
" just knock on his head , and he 'll give you an idea . " -- tom ellis , cofounder of the national congressional club , on finkelstein .
original bass player / producer and dramarama cofounder chris carter is currently a disc jockey in los angeles who 's primarily known for hosting america 's longest - running beatle show , in which he plays nothing but beatles material and comments upon the history of the beatles for as long as 4 hours every week .
he is a cofounder and a leader of cult rock group " mashina vremeni " .
wine was also the founder of several humanist organizations that are not specifically jewish , such as the humanist institute and the international association of humanist educators , counselors , and leaders , as well as the cofounder of americans for religious liberty , which promotes separation of church and state .
michèl yost ( paris , 1754 – paris , july 5 , 1786 ) was a famous french clarinetist and cofounder of the french clarinet school .
ali këlcyra was an albanian lord ( bey ) , a member of the albanian parliament in the ' 20s cofounder with mit’hat frashëri of the balli kombëtar organization in 1942 , and the cosigner of the dalmazzo - këlcyra agreement .
the puppets were created by kirjan waage , a cofounder and member of wakka wakka .
the building is named after s. prestley blake , president and cofounder of friendly 's ice cream after he made a gift of $ 250,000 to the project .
dahlen was a cofounder , with kathleen fraser and frances jaffer , of the feminist poetics newsletter " ( how)ever " .
david 's is the cofounder of production company elixir films , along with sister alexis .
nyenrode was cofounder of the china europe international business school .
born in new york city , new york , and educated at harvard , simpson was briefly a captain in the coldstream guards during world war i. his father , ernest louis simpson , a cofounder of the international shipbroker of simpson , spence & young in 1880 , was a british citizen whose original surname had been solomon .
founded in 1956 , it was named for theologian and rhode island cofounder roger williams .
peter schwartz ( born 1946 ) is a futurist , author , and cofounder of global business network , a corporate strategy firm based in san francisco , california .
he gathered enough savings to become a cofounder of the company of woolen manufacture in 1766 .
slobodan saia - levy ( born 1944 in parma , italy ) , publicly known as jorge zontal , was a canadian artist and cofounder of the artistic collective general idea with felix partz and aa bronson .
according to tom lehmann , cofounder of turbohercules , a nehalem ex equipped pc should be able to give a performance of 3.200mips by software emulation http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hercules_emulator#performance
in the 1920s it belonged to charles e. merrill , cofounder of merrill lynch , who lived there with his family until 1931 .
1200-ca.1270 ) , was lord of the manor of the south yorkshire village of hooton levitt , a village named in part for his ancestors , and became the owner of the patronage of roche abbey on marriage to the granddaughter of the abbey 's cofounder richard fitzturgis , a norman baron who co - founded roche with the great - nephew of one of england 's most powerful norman barons , roger de busli .
cofounder andy rubin joined google to become director of mobile platforms , overseeing the development of google 's android phone platform .
in 1959 , juneau was a cofounder of the montreal international film festival , and served as its president until 1968 .
colleen saidman , an american yoga instructor and yoga celebrity , is the cofounder and codirector of in sag harbor , n.y. , and teaches along with her husband , popular yoga teacher rodney yee , in the , online yoga club / virtual yoga studio .
cofounder marc bloch ( 1886–1944 ) was a quintessential modernist who studied at the elite école normale supérieure , and in germany , serving as a professor at the university of strasbourg until he was called to the sorbonne in paris in 1936 as professor of economic history .
on january 2 , 2008 , overstock announced that cofounder jason lindsey had resigned as president , coo , and as a director of overstock effective from december 31 , 2007 .
later that year , along with naar 's cofounder karen london , singer launched the autism science foundation ( asf ) , a nonprofit organization supporting autism research premised on the principles that autism has a strong genetic component , that vaccines do not cause autism , and that evidence - based early diagnosis and intervention are critical .
collins was the cofounder of the organizations united for a fair economy and responsible wealth in boston , massachusetts .
in 1790 , he is the cofounder of the first jacobin club of brittany , of which he will be often the president and the best speaker with his friend , bouëstard de la touche .
his assets include 74% of wipro , the remaining 26% belonging to the cofounder of wipro .
16 dated 20 august 2004 , emanated from the municipal council ( council ) , was renamed airport heriberto gil martínez , tulueño illustrious who was one of the first aviators colombia 's history , along with camilo daza presursor of aviation in colombia and cofounder of the fac .
she is also a cofounder of brooklyn bridges , the september 11th curriculum project , and we are all brooklyn .
joshua lionel cowen ( august 25 , 1877-september 8 , 1965 ) , born joshua lionel cohen , was an american inventor and the cofounder of lionel corporation , a manufacturer of model railroads and toy trains .
his mother , elaine gottlieb hemley , is a fiction writer , and his father , cecil hemley , was a poet , isaac singer 's editor , and cofounder of noonday press .
he was the cofounder , together with liviu constantinescu , of the romanian school of geophysics .
bernard evslin was married to author and teacher dorothy evslin , and is the father of cofounder and ceo of itxc corporation , author and blogger tom evslin and grandfather of the screenwriter noah evslin who is currently working on cinematic versions of his grandfather 's works .
another reaction came from marc maiffret , chief technical officer and cofounder of eeye digital security , " our customers are paying us for a service , to protect them from all forms of malicious code .
he took part in sąjūdis movement , a cofounder of the lithuanian citizen 's charter movement ( lietuvos piliečių chartija ) and the chairman of its council since 1991 .
he is cofounder of .
prior to founding ncast , dr. hank magnuski was cofounder and ceo of gammalink .
rieckehoff was among a group of citizens who helped in the restoration of the " fuerte conde de mirasol " ( count of marisol fort ) of vieques under the direction of robert rabin the cofounder of the historical archives of vieques .
he has been a cofounder of two biotech firms in the greater boston area .
hawthorne boulevard ( and thus the bridge ) was named after dr. j.c. hawthorne , the cofounder of oregon 's first mental hospital and early proponent for the first morrison bridge .
blessed peter faber ( french pierre lefevre or pierre favre , latin petrus faber ) ( april 13 , 1506 - august 1 , 1546 ) was a french jesuit theologian and a cofounder of the society of jesus .
bill joy , cofounder of sun microsystems , agrees with kurzweil 's timeline of future progress , but thinks that technologies such as ai , nanotechnology and advanced biotechnology will create a dystopian world .
he was also a cofounder of the canadian lesbian and gay studies association .
a son , henry allen boyd , was a leader in the nashville african - american community and a cofounder of the " nashville globe " newspaper , and succeeded his father as head of the national baptist publishing board .
since 2004 , he is artistic director and cofounder of the mendigorría international music festival in spain .
boudewijn poelmann ( born february 3 , 1949 ) is a dutch entrepreneur and cofounder of holland 's national postcode lottery .
ztt records signed frankie goes to hollywood after producer - turned - ztt cofounder trevor horn saw the band play on the television show " the tube " , where the group played an early version of " relax " .
the other cofounder of tcb , saifallah ben hassine , was last seen in london .
the hague , netherlands january 25 , 1942 ) was a dutch industrialist , cofounder ( with his brother anton philips ) and first ceo of nv philips ' gloeilampenfabrieken .
she was cofounder of the project agentura .
since 2000 , this has been changing , with electronic intifada cofounder nigel parry 's 2001 album , this side of paradise this side of paradise ( nigel parry album ) , an early example .
he became chairman of the tunbridge wells tradesmen 's association and was a town councillor there ; an alderman in kensington ; a deputy lieutenant in the county of london and a justice of the peace both there and in the north riding of yorkshire ; a governor of the imperial college of science ; a member of the board of the thames conservancy ; and a cofounder and first chairman of the society of yorkshiremen in london .
he is a cofounder of the council on american islamic relations .
she was a cofounder and first president of the iraqi women league , the first woman minister in iraq ’s modern history , and the first woman cabinet minister in the arab world .
soon mosaic communications corporation was in business in mountain view , california , with andreessen as cofounder and vice president of technology .
after the june 1976 protests he was cofounder of assurance to workers prosecuted by communist regime .
the project was partially funded by phil knight , uo alumnus and cofounder of athletic shoe company nike .
however , it was used in a strictly botanical sense for the first time in 1918 by liberty hyde bailey ( ( 1858 - 1954 ) an american horticulturist , botanist and cofounder of the american society for horticultural science ) and described as a plant " " of known habitat " " .
he was a cofounder of the society for participatory medicine .
vvaf was a cofounder of the international campaign to ban landmines ( icbl ) , which was awarded the 1997 nobel peace prize jointly with coordinator jody williams of the vvaf .
while in santa clara hiram bond was a cofounder of the garden city athletic club ( a gym ) and of san jose , the burlingame country club of burlingame and the pacific - union club in nearby san francisco .
by 1946 aa cofounder bill wilson had more clearly formulated the basic ideas for the twelve traditions directly from such correspondence with groups ( via the group conscience method ) , setting guidelines on how groups and members should interact with each other , the public , and aa as a whole .
f. alton everest ( 1909 - 2005 ) was an american acoustical engineer , a cofounder of the american scientific affiliation , and its first president .
after the fall of communism he became a leader of the left - wing , post - communist social democracy of the republic of poland , successor to the former ruling communist polish united workers party , and a cofounder of the democratic left alliance
ian andrew robert stewart ( 18 july 1938 – 12 december 1985 ) was a british keyboardist and cofounder of the rolling stones .
he is president of the association of german magazine publishers ( vdz ) and cofounder of the european publishers council ( epc ) as well as council member of the world economic forum ( wef ) .
at the age of 16 , he started playing shows locally around the south florida area with his first serious band , last minute , which included ryan primack ( cofounder of poison the
openly gay , he is the cofounder of ' .
in addition to his ecological and environmental research , pantone has been involved in the preservation of human cultures , being the cofounder of an indigenous rights organization .
she is also a cofounder and codirector of the imus cattle ranch for kids with cancer , and the author of two books , " greening your cleaning " and " the imus ranch : cooking for kids and cowboys " .
managing directors of the hans turck gmbh & co. kg are ulrich turck , son of the enterprise ’s cofounder hans turck , and christian wolf .
jean adrien philippe ( 1815 - january 5 , 1894 ) was french horologist and cofounder of watchmaker patek philippe & co. of geneva , switzerland .
the most famous of these may be anne waldman , cofounder of the kerouac school at naropa .
he is the cofounder of the rock / soul band infidels , and alta moda , and was previously associated with the bands michaele jordana and the poles , among others .
mateschitz is a cofounder of the energy drink producer red bull , and holds 49 percent of the company 's shares .
as cofounder of the national values center in denton , texas , and ceo of the spiral dynamics group , inc. , beck travels widely , teaching the theory and practical applications of spiral dynamics .
he is also a cofounder of advanced communications research institute ( acri ) at sut for advancing the graduate school research program in communications science .
he is notable as a cofounder of the danish functional linguistics stage of the copenhagen school in linguistics .
myles horton ( july 5 , 1905 - january 19 , 1990 ) was an american educator , socialist and cofounder of the highlander folk school , famous for its role in the civil rights movement ( movement leader james bevel called horton " the father of the civil rights movement " ) .
hess also codirects aei 's , whose working group includes washington , d.c. schools chancellor michelle rhee and michael feinberg , the cofounder of kipp .
in the year 1977 after his activities in the spd , michaelis was cofounder of a local political party “
known for his participation in and founding of the music group , yaniv shulman is also cofounder of aleph zero records .
in 1919 friedrich naumann was a cofounder of the german democratic party ( deutsche demokratische partei , ddp ) with theodor wolff and hugo preuss , the " father of the constitution of the weimar republic " .
he was a cofounder of the art movement neue slowenische kunst ( 1985 ) .
the arena is named after james " bud " walton , cofounder of wal - mart , who donated a large portion of the funds needed to build the arena .
prior to joining wind , he was the cofounder , chairman and ceo of linkdotnet ( ldn ) , the largest private internet service provider ( isp ) in the middle east .
( 2 ) dennis bakke – cofounder of aes corporation , a socially - responsible electricity company that in the late 1990 ’s was the world largest independent owner of electricity ( after russia and france ) .
she was a librarian in yet another one of piłsudski 's organizations , the " union of active fighters " , " związek walki czynnej " , and a cofounder of the society for the welfare of political prisoners ( " towarzystwo opieki nad więzniami politycznymi " ) .
in june 1998 , compaq paid altavista technology incorporated ( " ati " ) $ 3.3 million for the domain name " altavista.com " jack marshall , cofounder of ati , had registered the name in 1994 .
he is a well - known proponent of the f-22 and has published many articles and papers criticising the selection of the joint strike fighter for the raaf , and is a cofounder of the air power australia strategy think tank .
he was then the cofounder and director of the award winning mars asset management between 1996 and 2006 .
r. brunstone was the founder of the scouting movement in the malaysian state of melaka , at malacca in 1926 , and cofounder in the state of negeri sembilan , also in 1926 .
she was also cofounder of the national marionette museum " museo nacional de títeres " ( munati ) in huamantla , tlaxcala .
roozbeh farahanipour ( born july 16 , 1971 in tehran , iran ) is an iranian nationalist writer and journalist and cofounder of the marze por gohar political party .
mountain view was the birthplace of dick powell ( 1907 - 1963 ) , a singer , actor , film producer , film director and studio boss ( cofounder of four star television ) .
kaltura ceo and cofounder ron yekutiel was photographed for the article " the suit , vers . 3.0 " in esquire magazine 's july 2008 edition .
she dated apple computer cofounder steve jobs during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
construction of the € 40 million stadium , which seats 30,164 , was funded by dietmar hopp , a cofounder and major share holder of software giant sap and chief investor in 1899 hoffenheim .
somewhere in between , pop punk groups created blends like that of the ideal record , as defined by mekons cofounder kevin lycett : " a cross between abba and the sex pistols " .
he was cofounder , and editor , of " arc ( magazine ) " .
arthur james nesbitt ( august 19 , 1880 - october 24 , 1954 ) was a canadian businessman and philanthropist who was a cofounder of nesbitt , thomson and company stockbrokerage and the power corporation of canada .
in 1817 he was a cofounder of the philomatic association ( towarzystwo filomatów ) , in 1820 , radiant association ( towarzystwo promienistych ) , in 1820 - 1823 president of filaret association ( zgromadzenie filaretów ) , all of them student organizations in vilna dedicated to polish cultural and political activities .
françois pain is cofounder of the federation of noncommercial free radios and radio tomato and co - produced " unchained channel " ( 1991 ) and " chaosmédia " ( 1994 ) .
voiced by veggietales cofounder mike nawrocki and providing the voice for granddad on the spin - off " 3 - 2 - 1 penguins ! " , he partners with his best friend , bob the tomato , as the wacky sidekick when hosting episodes , and plays numerous and varied roles throughout the series .
he is the cofounder and ceo of boomgen studios , a motion picture company that focuses on entertainment content and media about the middle east and the greater muslim world .
alexis alexanian is an american producer , sister of david and cofounder of elixir films .
memberships : slovene and international professional associations for sociology , political science , intercultural psychology , between 1989 and 2000 member of the iea general assembly ( international association for the evaluation of educational achievement ) , 1996 cofounder of erra ( european educational research association ) and its executive council member till 2001 , between 1996 and 2000 member of slovene statistics council , between 1998 and 2002 member of london diplomatic association .
during electronic arts ’s summer press event on july 13 , 2006 , gabe newell , cofounder of valve corporation , announced that " half - life 2 " would ship on next - generation consoles ( specifically , the xbox 360 and playstation 3 ) along with episodes " one " and " two " , " team fortress 2 " , and " portal " in a package called " the orange box " .
notable supporters included presbyterian clergyman samuel doak , tusculum college cofounder hezekiah balch , and maryville college president isaac anderson .
cervélo cofounder gerard vroomen has said that bicycle manufacturers have for long not gotten much out of sponsorship and supplier deals with professional teams and that their money was better spent fronting their own team .
william tudor ( january 28 , 1779–march 9 , 1830 ) was a leading citizen of boston , sometime literary man , and cofounder of the " north american review " and the boston athenaeum .
it is named after anders jonas angstrom , a cofounder of astrospectroscopy .
a cofounder of the empire of ashanti in west africa , he helped establish its constitution , laws , and customs .
he was a cofounder of the " experimentele groep holland " and a member of cobra.
betty williams ( born 22 may 1943 ) was a co - recipient with mairead corrigan of the nobel peace prize in 1976 for her work as a cofounder of community of peace people , an organisation dedicated to promoting a peaceful resolution to the troubles in northern ireland .
he was a cofounder of bag ( black artists ' group ) in st louis .
while he resided in washington , d.c. , chichester bell was a cofounder of the chemical society of washington .
boaz berman – cofounder , creator and artistic director
in 1989 she was a cofounder of the world parrot trust , editing its magazine , " psittascene " , until 2004 .
instead , kay must rely on the strategic support of her niece , cofounder of the last precinct , and on her willingness to examine her own fears , misconceptions , and anything - but - altruistic motives .
today , mike is cofounder , along with renowned montreal dj , robert ouimet , of mikrobe recordings .
in the summer of 1965 , norman had met with james farmer , a cofounder of the congress of racial equality , who came to minden to lead a civil rights march .
haliday was a member of the royal irish academy , the entomological society of london , the linnean society of london , the dublin university zoological association , the dublin university geological societythe stettin entomological society and la società entomologica italiana or , in english , the italian entomological society , of which he was a cofounder .
in 2004 , shorebank cofounder mary houghton was named “
he was a member of the united states house of representatives , the first united states minister to mexico ( the united states did not appoint ambassadors until 1896 ) , a u.s. secretary of war under martin van buren and a cofounder of national institute for the promotion of science and the useful arts ( a predecessor of the smithsonian institution ) , as well as the eponym of poinsett county , arkansas , the historic poinsett bridge in greenville county , south carolina , poinsett state park in sumter county , sc , and the poinsettia , a popular christmas flower .
gibbs was a cofounder of florida a&m college , and served as its vice president until his death in 1898 .
another reaction came from marc maiffret , chief technical officer and cofounder of eeye digital security , " our customers are paying us for a service , to protect them from all forms of malicious code .
as he encouraged his father , li yuan ( later emperor gaozu ) to rise against sui dynasty rule at taiyuan in 617 and subsequently defeated several of his most important rivals , he was ceremonially regarded as a cofounder of the dynasty along with emperor gaozu .
he was also a cofounder of the polish tatra society .
kazimierz żorawski , along with stanislaw zaremba , ( both faculty members of jagellon university ) was a cofounder of the kraków school of mathematics , to which professors franciszek leja , wladyslaw slebodzinski and tadeusz wazewski also belonged .
kost levytsky was a patriarch of ukrainian political life , leader of the land 's first political organization narodna rada ( people ’s council , 1885 ) , a cofounder and a head of ukrainian national democratic party .
eylon nuphar – cofounder , creator and artistic director
cofounder and former lead vocalist of moenia .
it stars b movie scream queen tiffany shepis and tim young as lester among others , including director and cofounder of oingo boingo richard elfman .
bird was a cofounder of the ocean rowing society .
appadurai is a co - founder of the academic journal " public culture " ; founder of the nonprofit pukar ( partners for urban knowledge , action , and research ) in mumbai ; cofounder and codirector of ing ( interdisciplinary network on globalization ) ; and a fellow of the american academy of arts and sciences .
principal and cofounder of since 1990 , tanney is considered a pioneer in the resurgence of prefabricated architecture .
tollbridge technologies was a voice over broadband company founded in 1998 by gary tauss and asher waldfogel , cofounder of redback networks .
domínguez was discovered during a match by the cofounder of the famous club river plate , carlos peucelle , who persuaded dominguez to begin to train at river plate in march 1946 .
yeh , a cofounder , and a team of engineers developed a non - volatile memory technology the company called " superflash " for code or data storage in electronic systems and embedded memory for integrated logic circuits .
he joined the polish socialist party around 1904 and was the cofounder , together with józef piłsudski , of polish socialist party - revolutionary faction ( " polska partia socjalistyczna - frakcja rewolucyjna " ) in 1905 .
in 1942 , the bundist marek edelman became a cofounder of the jewish fighting organization that led the 1943 warsaw ghetto uprising , and was also part of the polish resistance movement armia krajowa ( home army ) , which fought against the nazis in the 1944 warsaw uprising .
nahum goldmann , then president of the world jewish congress ( jwc ) , was a cofounder of the claims conference , and jwc designates two members to its board of directors .
he was a major investor in the provo woolen mills , and was cofounder of a bank and a lumber company .
in a section of our special report on russia entitled “ grease my palm ” ( november 29th 2008 ) we referred to gunvor and its cofounder , gennady timchenko .
matthew mccauley is active in several sciences and is the cofounder of ancient egypt research associates which is based at the harvard semitic museum .
former lpga tour member janie blaylock , softball legend joan joyce , tennis icon billie jean king , sports entrepreneur jim jorgensen and dennis murphy cofounder of the wha and wtt leagues , founded the international women 's professional softball association ( iwpsa ) in 1976 .
hasso plattner is a cofounder of software giant sap ag .
he was the cofounder of the electronic and aeronautic products company teledyne inc .. , and guided it in its growth into a hundred - company conglomerate of scientific and technological businesses .
he is cofounder and musical director of the chilean group inti illimani historico .
in 1886 , vacher de lapouge taught anthropology at the university of montpellier , advocating francis galton 's eugenic thesis , but was expelled in 1892 because of his socialist activities ( he was indeed a cofounder of jules guesde 's french workers ' party and ran in 1888 for city mayor in the montpellier municipal election ) .
born in herefordshire , england , he emigrated to america as a youth and became a cofounder ( in 1825 ) , as well as the publisher and editor , of " american mechanics magazine " .
he was a friend of goethe ’s , a cofounder of the university of bonn and the bonn botanical garden , president of the leopoldina for 40 years and director of the botanical garden in breslau ( now wrocław in poland ) , where he died on 16 march 1858 .
in the 1970s özbekhan was cofounder and first director of the club of rome , with aurelio peccei an italian industrialist , and alexander christakis , a physicist and systems research designer .
he was a cofounder of the national institute for the promotion of science and the useful arts in 1840 , a group of politicians advocating for the use of the " smithson bequest " for a national museum that would showcase relics of the country and its leaders , celebrate american technology and document the national resources of north america .
in addition to political pursuits , armstrong , along with markos moulitsas and sb nation president tyler bleszinski ( of athletics nation ) , is a cofounder of washington , d.c .- based sb nation , a network of over 150 sports blogs .
hastings is the cofounder , with eric s. raymond , of , an open source infrastructure for trust and reputation management , begun in march , 2009 .
dr. ian dunbar 's wife , kelly dunbar , is a cofounder and the executive editor of and a contributing editor at .
erwin bälz ( 13 january 1849 – 31 august 1913 ) was a german internist , anthropologist , personal physician to the japanese imperial family and cofounder of modern ( western ) medicine in japan .
cofounder of the vacuum oil company with business partner hiram bond everest .
snavely moved to seattle in 1997 , where he met darrin wiener , the cofounder of imputor ?
in response , he kept her title but gave her an additional one -- " wenmu " ( 文母 ) , implying that she was a cofounder of his dynasty .
eric classey was cofounder of " the entomologist ’s gazette " , a book dealer and entomological publisher .
one of the more well - known longform structures is the harold , developed by improvolympic cofounder del close .
many prominent party members , including cofounder bert anciaux , left the party ,
d66 is cofounder of the netherlands institute for multiparty democracy , a democracy assistance organisation of seven dutch political parties .
but morris dees , cofounder of the southern poverty law center and carnes’ frequent adversary , went door - to - door among senate democrats , fighting on behalf of carnes .
schweickart is also cofounder of the b612 foundation , a group that aims to defend earth from asteroid impacts .
in august 2003 , " vice " cofounder gavin mcinnes wrote a piece in " the american conservative " entitled " hip to be square : it ’s getting cooler to be conservative " .
he was cofounder of general systems theory and founder of numerous ongoing intellectual projects in economics and social science .
she was adopted and tutored by robert wilson , cofounder of the keswick convention .
the theater often shares castmembers with omaha - born filmmaker alexander payne , who has been a longtime supporter of the theater , volunteering to be interviewed on the stage of the omaha community playhouse by theater cofounder hughston walkinshaw as a fundraising effort in 2002 .
his achievements include being president of the behavior genetics association ( 1982 - 1983 ) and cofounder of the journal " behavior genetics " , as well as its co - editor ( 1970 - 1978 ) .
he was cofounder ( with 400 others ) and vice - president of the société royale d'horticulture de paris the predecessor of the société nationale d'horticulture de france .
hiram percy maxim ( september 2 , 1869 – february 17 , 1936 ) was cofounder of the american radio relay league ( arrl ) and originally had the amateur call sign 1aw , and later w1aw , which is now the arrl headquarters club station call sign .
he was first secretary , then president , of the conseil de la langue française , president of the rencontres francophones du québec and cofounder and director of the sécretariat permanent des peuples francophones .
in 1970 ross was a cofounder of opera america , an industry trade association for north american opera companies , with the goal of enabling companies to share resources , information , and expertise .
in 1981 , he was the cofounder , with normand beauchemin and robert fournier , of the linguistic society of quebec ( association québécoise de linguistique ) which he served for 10 years as president , secretary general and organizer of the annual meeting .
ashbel h. barney , danforth barney 's brother and cofounder of united states express company , replaced mclane as president in 1869 .
he is cofounder of colossalvision , a production and post - production facility .
it is named after llura liggett gund , a national trustee of the foundation and wife of gordon gund , the foundation ’s cofounder and chairman .
taha played a prominent role in sudan 's struggle for independence , and was a cofounder of the sudanese republican party .
j. w. bradley of petros , tennessee is a cofounder and longtime leader of the group .
together with hugo stinnes thyssen was a cofounder of rwe .
during this time he had officially as students michel demazure ( who worked on sga3 , on group schemes ) , luc illusie ( cotangent complex ) , michel raynaud , jean - louis verdier ( cofounder of the derived category theory ) and pierre deligne .
john robb — soon to be a cofounder of the membranes and later a music journalist — described the record 's impact : " from steve jones ' opening salvo of descending chords , to johnny rotten 's fantastic sneering vocals , this song is the perfect statement ... a stunningly powerful piece of punk politics ... a lifestyle choice , a manifesto that heralds a new era " .
he was a cofounder of the kulturbund deutscher juden .
firestone took a particular interest in charities associated with alcohol abuse , and was cofounder of the betty ford centre in 1982 .
he was the cofounder , together with sabba s. ştefănescu , of the romanian school of geophysics .
he is also the cofounder for the governor 's school for international studies in tennessee
jean - jacques susini ( * 30 july 1933 algiers ( algeria ) ) cofounder of organisation de l'armée secrète ( oas ) .
walker was the father of dorothy wear walker , new york mets cofounder george herbert walker , jr. , memorial sloan - kettering cancer center ceo dr. john m. walker , sr .
susan cheever , ( born july 31 , 1943 in new york city ) , daughter of john cheever and sister of benjamin cheever , is an author whose books include " my name is bill - bill wilson : his life and the creation of alcoholics anonymous " , a biography of alcoholics anonymous cofounder bill wilson ; " home before dark " , a memoir about her father , john cheever ; " note found in a bottle " ( a memoir of her own alcoholism and recovery ) ; " treetops : a memoir " ; and five novels : " looking for work , a handsome man , the cage , doctors and women " , and " elizabaeth cole " .
she is the cofounder and vocalist of the gothic metal band the veil .
baena balances his cofounder responsibilities with his full - time animator job at pixar animation studios in emeryville , calif.
in 2009 , shorebank cofounder mary houghton accepted the 2009 economic opportunity achievement award from the opportunity collaboration in ixtapa , mexico for her work " providing financial services and information to residents who were excluded from traditional banking circles . "
he also was a cofounder of the socialist italian newspaper l'avanti in 1894 .
frequent trips to jefferson city by greg jeffery ( gcla cofounder ) earned him the nickname ‘
paul s. atkins is the cofounder of patomak partners , where he currently serves as a managing director .
in 1926 , doone met and fell in love with the painter robert medley , who was the cofounder of the group theatre .
he is cofounder of polity press ( 1985 ) .
he is cofounder and member of the board of directors of the international society for artificial life , inc. , and a member of the board of governors of the international society for neural networks .
in a " wired " article on the dangers of technology , titled " why the future does n't need us , " bill joy , cofounder of sun microsystems , quoted ray kurzweil 's " the age of spiritual machines " , which quoted a passage by kaczynski on types of society that might develop if human labor were entirely replaced by artificial intelligence .
both books were used as college text books at scattered universities across the u.s. and , interestingly , running a perfect website appears on google cofounder sergey brins
in 2005 , shorebank cofounder ron grzywinski received the john w. gardner leadership award from the independent sector recognizing a career that has " transformed underserved neighborhoods into vibrant communities and inspired a community development banking movement worldwide . "
he is also one of the founders of the abstract state machines ( asm ) method for accurate and controlled design and analysis of computer - based systems and cofounder of the series of international asm workshops .
he is a cofounder of lifecourse associates , a marketing , hr , and strategic planning consultancy serving corporate , government , and nonprofit clients .
he went to haverstock school in north london and it was here during the sixth form that he met amy jump who is now his wife and cofounder of mrandmrswheatley.co.uk .
the € 40 million stadium , which will seat 30,000 , is being built by dietmar hopp , a cofounder and major share holder of software giant sap and chief investor in 1899 hoffenheim .
he is the cofounder and copresident of montreal 's cinéma imax les ailes .
lech wałęsa , ( 1983 ) cofounder of the solidarity trade union , and former president of poland said the award was premature . "
it was produced by camper van beethoven founder and cracker cofounder , david lowery .
as cofounder , president and ceo of synaptics , f. faggin contributed also to the creation of the synaptics i1000 , the world ’s first single - chip optical character recognizer ( 1991 ) , and the synaptics touchpad ( 1994 ) .
dombrowski was cofounder with myles horton and educator don west of the highlander folk school in monteagle in grundy county in southeastern tennessee .
in 1986 she was a cofounder of the national alliance of breast cancer organizations , an umbrella organization on whose board she served from 1986 to 1989 .
polak was a senator for the socialist party and later became a cofounder of the political party ds-70 .
she has co - authored articles for medical journals and is cofounder of the international board for the study , research and promotion of assisted infant toilet training ( 2007 ) .
minsky ( 1986 ) , cofounder of the artificial intelligence laboratory at mit , proposes that there are " agencies of the mind " , by which he means any and all psychological processes .
richard rossi , a cofounder of envision , told the new york times in april 2009 that the logistical challenges during the inauguration were overwhelming .
he is the cofounder of fao ( argentinian ufology network ) , a group destinated to study ufos and related phenomena .
foy guided many early advent believers through the great disappointment with his inspirational visions , and ellen g. white , cofounder of the adventist church , said that his visions were genuine and promoted their message .
guthrie was a cofounder of the acf and remained active as a question writer and a tournament director .
he was the cofounder and political commissar of the garibaldi brigade .
today a more coherent text by cofounder onisaburo deguchi is more frequently used as oomoto 's holy scripture .
in 1982 he was a cofounder of the international strategic studies association .
he was a cofounder of both the sociological art collective ( 1974 ) and the aesthetics of communication movement ( 1983 ) .
the caroline crosby house , at 2105 first avenue south , was built by the daughter of john crosby , cofounder of the washburn - crosby company , which later became general mills .
the million baby crawl ” ) ; elan lee , chief designer and founder fourth wall studios ( “ watchmen , ” “ kings ” args ) ; mike monello , cofounder and executive creative director at entertainment marketing agency campfire ( “ true blood , ” “ \discovery channel : " shark week " ) ; and ian sander , executive producer , " ghost whisperer " .
it was founded by erin gruwell , and john tu ( cofounder of the kingston technology company ) is a benefactor .
liberty hyde bailey ( 1858 - 1954 ) was an american horticulturist , botanist and cofounder of the american society for horticultural science .
heather murren is the cofounder and served as the chairman of the board and chief executive officer for nevada cancer institute ( nvci ) from its founding until june 2009 , and remains a member of its board of directors ; having served as an unpaid volunteer for the history of nvci .
he was cofounder of the magazine " podium " ( e : stage ) ( 1943 - 1944 ) .
tudor was co - founder and first editor of the famous " north american review " , and cofounder of the " monthly anthology " , founded by phineas adams and then published from 1803 - 1811 as the vehicle of the anthology club whose members included tudor , george ticknor , dr. bigelow and rev. j. s. j. gardiner , alexander h. everett , and rev. messrs. buckminster , thacher , and the rev. william emerson ( father of ralph waldo emerson ) .
roy ofer – cofounder & producer
some of the spot 's original creative team are also active today online , including original cofounder scott zakarin through his iron sink media family of websites and multimedia series which continue in production and air online through ironsink.com .
he is responsible for forming the hip hop group the procussions , thousand pound gorilla , the iamconstance campaign , and the cofounder of i.n.r. ( i m no rotter ) spearheaded by himself and brother seth medeiros .
in 1908 she was cofounder of the national association of colored graduate nurses ( nacgn ) .
armand joseph dubernad is a merchant , a french and spanish financier , freemason , consul general of the holy roman empire , deputy , mayor , and cofounder of the first jacobin club of brittany .
he was a third cousin once removed to richard chapman weldon qc , phd ( harvard ) , mp , albert county politician and cofounder and first dean of dalhousie law school in halifax through his great great grandmother ann smith whose sister martha smith married john geldart and in time became great grandparents of dean weldon .
alpert was best known as the cofounder of the national society of film critics , which he started in his new york city apartment .
chris simcox has gained fame from his affiliation with the minutemen civil defense corps , his is the cofounder of the organization .
júlio rafael de aragão bozano ( born 1936 ) is a brazilian businessman who made his fortune ( estimated at $ 1.7 billion in 2008 ) in the finance and banking industries as the cofounder of banco bozano simonsen .
since leaving mp3.com , underhill has served as a law professor at thomas jefferson school of law and in 2008 was awarded a webby award ( people 's voice award ) for his work as cofounder of podlinez.com .
deborah collins stephens is the cofounder and managing partner of the center for innovative leadership .
another reaction from this came from marc maiffret , chief technology officer and cofounder of eeye digital security who states : " our customers are paying us for a service , to protect them from all forms of malicious code .
baer contributed to studies in entomology and was a cofounder of the russian entomological society .
