rho - associated , coiled - coil containing protein kinase 1 , also known as rock1 , is a protein threonine kinase , but also denotes the human gene encoding it .
the teleoconch is dextrally coiled , but the larval shells are sinistral .
the covalently closed dna associates with host histones to form a super coiled mini chromosome .
around 1400 coiled springs appeared in locks , and many early clockmakers were also locksmiths .
they are long sporangiophores measuring up to 50 micrometres which are formed by septation of coiled , unbranched hyphae within the sporangiophores .
in most nautiloids and ammonoids , the phragmocone is a long , straight , curved , or coiled structure , in which the camarae are linked by a siphuncle which determines buoyancy by means of gas exchange .
the lack of the 2 ' hydroxyl group in deoxyribose is apparently responsible for the increased flexibility of dna compared to rna , which allows it to assume the double - helix conformation , and also ( in the eukaryotes ) to be compactly coiled inside the small cell nucleus .
apart from the wireline well tractor , a coiled tubing well tractor has been manufactured , which instead of running on wireline is fluid - driven .
the proboscises lie coiled and hidden in pockets within the cheeks and can be extended to drain a victim 's ' luck ' or ' soup ' by piercing the brain through the nose .
the coil method most likely involved the formation of clay into long coiled pieces that were wound into a vessel .
in 1882 jacques - arsène d'arsonval developed a form with a stationary permanent magnet and a moving coil of wire , suspended by coiled hair springs .
chelsea was once famous for the manufacture of chelsea buns ( made from a long strip of sweet dough tightly coiled , with currants trapped between the layers , and topped with sugar ) .
at that time , calfrac had a single coiled tubing unit and was based in medicine hat , alberta .
an interesting point of the design was that it did not use a traditional helical coiled spring , but used a spiral spring , much like a large clock spring , in a semi - circular housing just in front of the trigger .
the anterior portion of the stomach opens into a coiled intestine , which helps to resorb water from the food , producing faecal pellets .
the dextrally - coiled shells are smooth ( except for growth lines conforming to the shape of the outer lip ) and are usually rather nondescript .
even a straight cable can be coiled by the user into a more manageable shape than a chain .
the epididymis is a whitish mass of tightly coiled tubes cupped against the testicles .
on the north and south sides of the pyramid , at ground level , are two sculptures of coiled serpents .
ages ago set coiled about the world like a python about its prey .
the sculpture is a life - sized male bison constructed of barbed wire , densely coiled and woven .
something as simple as 10 turns of coaxial cable coiled up on a diameter about the size of a dinner plate makes an extremely effective choke balun for frequencies from about 10 mhz to beyond 30 mhz .
" sthúliibhavane nidritá sá kuńd́alinii " : in the ultimate state of crudification , the paráshakti lying dormant at is called the kuńd́alinii ( “ coiled serpentine ” ) .
it consisted of the word " muelle " ( spanish for " spring " ) , or an r with an enclosing circle ( ® ) and a line in the shape of a coiled spring ending in an arrowhead .
qserv is an oilfield service company that specialises in oil - well services operations , including wireline , coiled tubing and pumping services .
according to dollo 's law , it would not be possible to re - gain a coiled shell after the coiling has been lost .
he built the bitter electromagnet by using stacked copper plates , rather than coiled wire .
grip and coiled - coil domain - containing protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " gcc1 " gene .
the following dance forms belong to the " ropa valley " and in these dances the pattern formed by the dancers seems to be as coiled serpents .
with 130 employees , the company operates through two divisions : diamond sage well services and diamond coiled tubing .
coiled - coil domain - containing protein 70 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " ccdc70 " gene .
those produced on upper parts of the stem may be coiled .
mikie will be cued to the proper door to enter by a large , flashing " in " - opening any other door will result in mikie being punched by a coiled boxing glove or hairy foot , stunning him .
these snakes prefer to remain coiled and still , relying on their camouflage to avoid detection , rather than defending themselves aggressively .
the bulb 's cathode is typically made of coiled tungsten that is coated with a mixture of barium , strontium and calcium oxides ( chosen to have a relatively low thermionic emission temperature ) .
it acts upon two known effector proteins : rock1 ( rho - associated , coiled - coil containing protein kinase 1 ) and diaph1 ( diaphanous homolog 1 ( drosophila ) ) .
the curcuminoids are capable of inhibiting damage to super coiled plasmid dna by hydroxyl radicals .
sinuitidae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position ( gastropoda or monoplacophora ) with isostrophically coiled shells .
individuals have frequently been seen coiled on or near fallen logs , as well as in bushes and small trees 1 - 4 m above the ground .
the ship 's coiled shell provides the comfort of enclosed space and protects the illithids from the rays of solar bodies .
these are coiled lengths of pvc in various diameters , lengths and colours .
before the mixture solidifies , it is put on a metal stick and pulled into a line shape , then coiled into the shape of a plate .
it is a coiled , elongated creature with a head resembling a boar .
the original handset cord was straight and covered with brown woven fabric , but a plastic - covered cord was later introduced , then followed by a coiled plastic - covered cord .
the more complex method of pressure control , as compared to coiled tubing and wireline , naturally invites more opportunity for things to go wrong .
a related device is the fibre optic gyroscope which operates similarly to the ring gyro , but typically has a longer optical circuit with fewer mirrors or prisms , because the transmission paths are within a coiled optical fiber .
this concept was further elaborated on in 1891 by samuel o’reilly , who took a modified version of edison ’s now dual coiled mechanism and deemed it proper for skin tattooing ( u.s. patent 196,747 ) .
braided ropes ( and objects like garden hoses , fibre optic or coaxial cables , etc . ) that have no " lay " , or inherent twist , will uncoil better if coiled into " figure-8 " coils , where the twist reverses regularly and essentially cancels out .
the placid expression of the dog , and the elegant cushion on which he stands , contrast with the coiled energy of the snake .
" dendropoma " is a genus of irregularly - coiled sea snails known as " worm shells " or " worm snails " .
their shells were very similar to the related ammonites of the genus " ainoceras " , where the young ammonite 's shell coiled helically , and upon reaching adulthood , the youngest coil arched over the older coils .
the shell is sinistrally coiled ( has left - handed coiling ) .
the design would eventually appear only in the late 1990s , when it was combined with a continuous coiled pipe to allow uninterrupted drilling at any angle . "
the wrist strap is connected to ground through a coiled retractable cable and 1 megaohm resistor , which allows high - voltage charges to leak through but prevents a shock hazard when working with low - voltage parts .
the kings , drunken elephants , blind tigers , ferocious leopards , reclining dragons , chinese cocks , old monkeys , evil wolves , generals , angry boars , cat swords , coiled serpents , dark spirits , devas , go betweens and pawns only move one square at a time .
although they consume filamentous algae , it seems not be digested much despite a long coiled intestine , and their primary food actually consists of diatoms .
sept2 interacted with sept6 through its c - terminal coiled - coil domain .
rank , in gold or silver wire , is embroidered directly on the shoulder epaulets , which is bordered with gold wire and scarlet piping ( as is the collar ) , with the cuffs , also bordered in gold wire and scarlet , having a quatrefoil -- the coiled rope - like decoration found on the officer 's cover , for warrant officers and company - grade officers ( 2d lieutenant to captain ) , a single row of oak leaves for field grade officers ( major to colonel ) , and a double row of oak leaves for flag officers ( generals ) .
the shield is supported by a serpent and a coiled rope .
in 2006 , it acquired kca deutag 's wireline and well - service division , and weatherford 's coiled - tubing unit , which increased its worldwide operations significantly .
theodore gill speculated that the swallower seizes prey fishes by the tail , and then " walks " its jaws over the prey until it is fully coiled inside the stomach .
tremanotidae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position ( gastropoda or monoplacophora ) with isostrophically coiled shells .
it is a single piece of coiled dna containing many genes , regulatory elements and other nucleotide sequences . chromosomes also contain dna - bound proteins , which serve to package the dna and control its functions .
the album cover features only the band 's logo , angled against the upper left corner , and a coiled snake ( derived from the gadsden flag ) on the bottom right corner , both in a dark shade of gray in order to be made out against the black background .
the use of coiled tubing for these tasks is usually confined to occasions where it is already on site for another purpose , for example a logging run following a chemical wash .
this results in a sinistrally coiled protoconch .
although they carry their shell in a way that makes it appear to be dextral , the shell of coiled planorbids is in fact sinistral in coiling , but is carried upside down .
she tried to flee , but he coiled around her legs and held her arms tightly against her sides as he raped her .
his symbol is a snake coiled around a skull .
the six atpases in the base may assemble in a pairwise manner mediated by coiled - coil interactions .
it also has a large tail which is generally coiled up .
calfrac supplies a wide range of products and services from hydraulic fracturing ; coiled tubing ; well cementing and other well stimulation services .
the teleoconch is dextrally coiled , but the larval shells are sinistral .
edison continued to improve this design and by nov 4 , 1879 , filed for a u.s. patent for an electric lamp using " a carbon filament or strip coiled and connected ... to platina contact wires . "
the first types of needle - gun made by johann nikolaus von dreyse were muzzle - loading , the novelty lying in the long needle driven by a coiled conchoidal spring which fired the internal percussion cap on the base of the bullet .
other species of this genus , including " s. solarioides " and " s. recticostata " , have a circularly - coiled shell .
coiled spring wire or flat tabs that press against the battery are the two most common methods of making the electrical connection inside a holder .
shoshone legend speaks of a serpent on a mountain who , angered by lightning , coiled around and squeezed the mountain until liquid rock flowed , fire shot from cracks , and the mountain exploded .
coiled - coil domain - containing protein 50 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " ccdc50 " gene .
a coiled apex of the leaf forms the holding part of the climbing plant .
the tendrils of aerial pitchers are usually coiled in the middle .
the main elements are intertwined ; the serpent is coiled around the tree trunk and also around death , who he holds to the tree .
the shell is coiled , aragonitic , nacreous and pressure resistant , imploding at a depth of about .
this is because of the convenient structural fact that the diameter of the α helix is 1.2 nanometres , the same as the width of the major groove in b - form dna , and also because coiled - coil ( or leucine zipper ) dimers of helices can readily position a pair of interaction surfaces to contact the sort of symmetrical repeat common in double - helical dna ( see branden & tooze , chapter 10 ) .
the strings are all uniformly spaced with one end coiled around the tuning pins , which in turn are inserted in a laminated wooden block called the pin - block or wrestplank .
it has no regular structure but its randomly coiled chains are crosslinked by di- and tri - tyrosine links at the right spacing to confer the elasticity needed to propel some jumping insects distances up to 150 times their length ( as found in fleas ) .
the seeds are produced in large numbers and do not have a protective coating or food reserves for the coiled plant embryos .
the lower part of the egg serves as a platform for a gold model of a statue of tsar alexander iii on horseback , standing on a nephrite base embellished with two rose - cut diamond bands , engraved with fabergés signature , supported by cast platinum cherubs coiled into position on a base of crystal .
one from the middle part forms the ductus and saccus endolymphaticus , another from the anterior end gradually elongates , and , forming a tube coiled on itself , becomes the cochlear duct , the vestibular extremity of which is subsequently constricted to form the canalis reuniens .
there are also sequences of people riding on personal water crafts , stefani performing on a coiled rope , people playing " jet set radio future " , and stefani broadcasting on a pirate radio station .
the generic name is derived from the greek words " pithekon " , meaning " ape " or " monkey , " and " ellobion " , meaning " earring , " which refers to the coiled shape of the pods .
he was the first to coil insulated wire tightly around an iron core in order to make a more powerful electromagnet , improving on william sturgeon 's electromagnet which used loosely coiled uninsulated wire .
coiled - coil α helices are highly stable forms in which two or more helices wrap around each other in a " supercoil " structure .
particularly prominent f'sherl - ganni have featured horns that coiled around several times .
pipe rams " seal around tubular components in the well ( drill pipe , casing , tubing , wire line or coiled tubing ) . "
captain jat took the rope , and caught the boy three or four hard clips with it across the shoulders ; after which he returned it to him , to be re - coiled .
edison continued to improve this design and by november 4 , 1879 , filed for u.s. patent 223,898 ( granted on january 27 , 1880 ) for an electric lamp using " a carbon filament or strip coiled and connected to platina contact wires " .
longer cables can be coiled at an intermediate point and pulled farther into the duct system as necessary .
once transported , the translated protein is 396 residues in length , with an n - terminus located at amino acids 1 - 25 , a c - terminus at 155 - 396 ( note that the spectrin homology located at 228 - 380 within the c - terminal ) , and a putative coiled coil domain at amino acids 26 - 154 .
it offers services in the fields of acidizing , cementing , coiled tubing , fracturing and nitrogen pumping .
it is marked by the presence of abundant argyrophilic grains and coiled bodies on microscopic examination of brain tissue .
an inductor consists of a coiled conductor .
he creates black , red and tan traditional hand - coiled pottery in the form of jars , vases , bowls and canteens .
in egyptian myth , the state of existence before creation was symbolised as amduat , a many - coiled serpent from which ra the sun and all of creation arose , returning each night and being reborn every morning .
other uses are in the large coiled torsion springs used to counter - balance the weight of garage doors , and a similar system is used to assist in opening the trunk ( boot ) cover on some sedans .
where higher voltages are present , extra resistance ( 0.75 megaohm per 250v ) is added in the path to ground to protect the wearer from excessive currents ; this typically takes the form of a 4 megohm resistor in the coiled cable ( or , more usually , a 2 megohm resistor at each end ) .
its coiled inflorescence holds yellow to orange tubular flowers up to a centimeter wide at the corolla , which often has fewer than five lobes .
coiled - coil domain - containing protein 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " ccdc6 " gene .
he also built neak pean ( " coiled serpent " ) , one of the smallest but most beautiful temples in the angkor complex , a fountain with four surrounding ponds set on an island in that artificial lake .
nautiloids remained at the height of their range of adaptations and variety of forms throughout the ordovician , silurian , and devonian periods , with various straight , curved and coiled shell forms coexisting at the same time .
the ayub arch became the world 's third longest railway arch span and the first bridge in the world to have " the railway desk slung on coiled wire rope suspenders . "
the eriocraniidae have a short coiled proboscis in the adult stage , and though they retain their pupal mandibles with which they escaped the cocoon , their mandibles are non - functional thereafter .
onshore , they can be run using smaller service rigs , and for light operations a mobile self - contained coiled tubing rig can be used .
olympias , the mother of alexander the great and a princess of the primitive land of epirus , had the reputation of a snake - handler , and it was in serpent form that zeus was said to have fathered alexander upon her ; tame snakes were still to be found at macedonian pella in the 2nd century ad ( lucian , ) and at ostia a bas - relief shows paired coiled serpents flanking a dressed altar , symbols or embodiments of the lares of the household , worthy of veneration ( veyne 1987 illus p 211 ) .
because coiled tubing is rigid , it can be pushed into the well from the surface .
the insect 's digestive system is a closed system , with one long enclosed coiled tube called the alimentary canal which runs lengthwise through the body .
many types of suspension were tried including indian 's leaf spring suspended swingarm , and matchless 's cantilevered coiled spring swingarm .
the hairs are long but usually closely coiled and twisted , which gives to the exterior of the cup a slightly tomentose appearance of nearly uniform thickness throughout their entire length , and pale brown , 4–6 µm in diameter .
ccdc135 - coiled coil domain containing 135 .
the mouse homolog of cgnl1 has been designated jacop ( junction - associated coiled - coil protein ) .
uveal autoantigen with coiled - coil domains and ankyrin repeats is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " uaca " gene .
it has prickly climbing stems that are up to 8 metres long with coiled tendrils that are up to 20 cm long .
it returned to its normal snake - like state and coiled around the hero and began to squeeze .
the cunningly coiled snake ( rumoured to have been cooked up by 6 sqn members louis strange and lanoe hawker ) neatly sidestepped the regulations .
flipping the image horizontally and vertically reveals ross ' original conception of the yellow sign , which resembles a coiled body or tentacle with two tentacles branching upward .
the spring is coiled up inside a housing that can be seen mounted on the large gearwheel visibly protruding from the bottom of the mechanism .
coiled - coil domain - containing protein 85b is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " ccdc85b " gene .
mostly nocturnal , but are often seen coiled in the shade during the day , moving around on cloudy days , or under low light conditions .
coiled tubing rigup .
shifts in pt absorption bands due to changes in temperature result from a conformational transition from a coplanar , rodlike structure at lower temperatures to a nonplanar , coiled structure at elevated temperatures .
as a whole , long homer is predicted to have a dumbbell - like structure where two pairs of evh1 domains are located on two sides of long ( ~50 nm ) coiled - coil domain .
the term workover is used to refer to any kind of oil well intervention involving invasive techniques , such as wireline , coiled tubing or snubbing .
the villagers start to notice livestock going missing and discover that the fully - grown worm has emerged from the well and coiled itself around a local hill .
in a later story , though , he replaced this with a convoluted explanation where the delay light takes in passing through the glass is attributed to photons passing " ... through a spiral tunnel coiled outside the radius of capture of each atom in the glass . "
army men and villagers gently retrieved the body , the broken strap of the camera coiled around the neck .
inside the purse and middle piece is a coiled thread of interwoven hyphae called the funicular cord , attached at one end to the peridiole and at the other end to an entangled mass of hyphae called the " hapteron " .
these represent an astonishingly simple set of rules for the determination of coiled coil oligomeric states and allows scientists to effectively " dial - in " the oligomerization behavior .
a caisson is set into the roof , featuring a coiled dragon .
with a suspended sliding coil , the cables are coiled like a spring , with each loop of the coil attached to a sliding shoe on a track .
the drag lines are often stored on drums or coiled onto the deck by a coiling machine .
physically the khoisan , with their short frames ( 149 - 163 cm/4'9 - 5'4 ; ) , copper brown skin , tightly coiled " peppercorn " hair , high cheekbones , and epicanthic eye folds are quite distinct from the darker - skinned peoples who constitute the majority of africa 's population .
" muni " in tamil means the brailed and coiled hair these sages and nomads wear and " ishwar " means lord , therefore farmers started calling their buddhist monks as munishwarans .
below the stripper is the blowout preventer , which provides the ability to cut the coiled tubing pipe and seal the well bore ( shear - blind ) and hold and seal around the pipe ( pipe - slip ) .
nevertheless , given the overwhelming evidence that humanity arose recently ( ~200,000 years ago ) in sub - saharan africa , the extreme rarity of straight / wavy or even curly hair in contemporary sub - saharan africa in favor of tightly coiled afro - hair suggests that , long before the development of our species ( homo sapiens sapiens ) , the ancestors of the first modern human migrants out of africa had already adapted to conditions selecting for the unique sub - saharan african afro - hair texture .
spring - piston guns operate by means of a coiled steel spring - loaded piston contained within a compression chamber , and separate from the barrel . cocking
normal right - laid rope should be coiled " with the sun " , or clockwise , to prevent kinking .
some rod - shaped bacteria , called vibrio , are slightly curved or comma - shaped ; others , can be spiral - shaped , called spirilla , or tightly coiled , called spirochaetes .
løvtrup ( 1977 ) argued that lampreys are more closely related to gnathostomes based on a number of uniquely derived characters , including : arcualia ( serially arranged paired cartilages above the notochord ) , extrinsic eyeball muscles , radial muscles in the fins , a closely - set atrium and ventricle of the heart , nervous regulation of the heart ( by the vagus nerve ) , a typhlosole ( spirally coiled valve of the intestinal wall ) , true lymphocytes , a differentiated anterior lobe of the pituitary gland ( adenohypophysis ) , three inner ear maculae ( patches of acceleration sensitive ' hair cells ' used in balance ) organized into two or three vertical semicircular canals , neuromast organs ( composed of vibration sensitive hair cells ) in the laterosensory canals , an electroreceptive lateral line ( with voltage sensitive hair cells ) and electrosensory lateral line nerves , and a cerebellum ( i.e. , the multi - layered roof of the hindbrain with unique structure [ characteristic neural architecture including direct inputs from the lateral line and large output purkinje cells ) and function [ integrating sensory perception and coordinating motor control ] ) .
the recently updated data from the isat group in march 2008 shows that the higher aneurysm rate of recurrence is also associated with a higher rebleeding rate , given that the rebleed rate of coiled aneurysms appears to be 8 times higher than that of surgically treated aneurysms in this study .
at various points in " horse feathers " harpo pulls out of his coat : a wooden mallet , a fish , a coiled rope , a tie , a poster of a woman in her underwear , a cup of hot coffee , a sword ; and , just after groucho warns him that he " ca n't burn the candle at both ends , " a candle burning at both ends .
s. paradoxa " has an unusual , triangularly - coiled shell .
the possibility of coiled coils for α-keratin was proposed by francis crick in 1952 as well as mathematical methods for determining their structure .
snail is a common name for almost all members of the molluscan class gastropoda that have coiled shells in the adult stage .
the first product introduced by the company was the mamba remote coil hose - a coiled high pressure air line for connecting high pressure air and co2 gas systems to paintball markers remotely .
automatic fly reels use a coiled spring mechanism that pulls the line into the reel with the flick of a lever .
attached to the rocket is a coiled 230 m long hose packed with one and a half tons of explosive .
a group of studies have recently shown that genetic patterns at the edar locus , a region of the modern human genome that contributes to hair texture variation among most individuals of east asian descent , support the hypothesis that ( east asian ) straight hair likely developed in this branch of the modern human lineage subsequent to the original expression of tightly coiled natural afro - hair ( mou , 2008 ; fujimoto , 2008 ; fujimoto , 2008b ) .
" siliquariidae " is a family of sea snails with unusual , very loosely coiled shells .
the incense dough is then pressed into shaped forms to create " cone " and smaller " coiled " incense , or forced through a hydraulic press for " solid stick " incense .
the tertiary structure of utrophin contains a c - terminus that consists of protein - protein interaction motifs that interact with dystroglycan , a central rod region consisting of a triple coiled - coil repeat , and an actin - binding n - terminus .
paper towels can be individually packed ( as stacks of folded towels or held coiled ) .
the thickness of the items depends on that of metal coiled strip / molded alloy pieces ; and of nylon coating / electroplating layer .
this " torinawa " ( " capture - rope " ) was coiled so that the cord would pay out from one end as the bundled cord was passed around the prisoner ’s body , neck and arms as he or she was tied .
in line with this duty , the " kamloops " was dispatched up the lakes in late november 1927 , carrying a mixed cargo of papermaking machinery , coiled wire for range fencing , shoes , piping , and tar paper .
furthermore , the most parsimonious hypothesis with regards to the physical appearance of the members of this group is that , similar to contemporary africans , they expressed deep dark brown skin and black , tightly coiled , natural afro - hair ( as opposed to the black , wavy or curly hair associated with aboriginal australians ) ( windshuttle & gillin , 2002 ) .
a slinky ( also called coiled ) closed loop field is a type of horizontal closed loop where the pipes overlay each other ( not a recommended method ) .
the fruit is coiled and one to two centimeters long .
objects found included a wheel brooch and snake bracelets , so named because they were soft enough to be coiled around the arm for display .
role of coiled coils in hiv infection .
the feature that gives the spiriferids their name ( " spiral - bearers " ) is the internal support for the lophophore ; this " brachidium " , which is often preserved in fossils , is a thin ribbon of calcite that is typically coiled tightly within the shell .
the painted snake - coiled forest snail or the painted disc , " anguispira picta " , is a species of small , air - breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family discidae , the disk snails .
still other species ' shells are coiled helically , superficially like that of a large gastropod ( as in ' and ' ) .
coiled burner stoves .
evelyn has also , however , recently received a present from her spurned lover , joseph roelocke , as a peace offering - a copper ring " made like a scaly snake coiled three times , with its tail in its mouth and yellow jewels for eyes . "
this naga , is a seven - headed serpent and each of its 7 heads are shielding the buddha and the torso of the snake is coiled under the buddha ’s adsana ( sitting mat ) that he is resting upon .
these motifs are the basis for most coiled coils and in particular , leucine zippers , which predominantly have leucine in the " d " position of the heptad repeat .
it forms the unvegetated badlands seen in the tropic valley and is perhaps the most fossil - rich formation in the area ; containing numerous straight - shelled and coiled ammonites .
the main engine of a coiled tubing intervention is the injector head .
however , they are rather timid and will often hide their heads within their coiled bodies for protection .
lacquer vessels , boxes and trays have a coiled or woven bamboostrip base often mixed with horsehair , and the thitsee may be mixed with ashes or sawdust to form a putty - like substance called " thayo " which can be sculpted .
this lightweight mousetrap consists of a set of plastic jaws operated by a coiled spring and triggering mechanism inside the jaws , where the bait is held .
she waved across the stage and coiled upon the furniture , and when the crisis of passion ran highest she looked foolish and bleated .
coiled springs appeared early in the 15th century , in clocks .
taddeo alderotti in his " consilia medicinalis " referred to " serpente " , which are believed to have been the coiled tube of a still .
the spiral - coiled configuration is not the only possible arrangement ; any other scheme of stacking of optical fibers with lateral delivery of pump can also be called a fiber disk laser , even if the resulting shape of the device is not circular .
the bands are no longer coiled about each other , even though no additional rotation had to be performed .
this central domain of the chain provides the molecular alignment in the keratin structure and makes the chains form coiled dimers in solution .
the character for " dragon " in the earliest chinese writing has a similar coiled form , as do later jade dragon amulets from the shang period .
because of the capacitance load of the el wire , using an inductive ( coiled ) transformer makes the driver a tuned lc oscillator , and therefore very efficient .
this keeps the mainspring coiled inside the barrel .
the coiled symbol on the armor can be enchanted to become a " symbol of persuasion " , and can cast a " mass suggestion " spell once per day .
bouchet & rocroi ( 2005 ) divide the bellerophontoidea into 8 families listed paleozoic molluscs with isostrophically coiled shells of uncertain position within mollusca ( gastropoda or monoplacophora )
by their external physical appearance ( phenotype ) such people resemble black africans with dark skin and sometimes tightly coiled hair .
in addition , the moon 's main computer , still intact after the explosion , had a strange vegetation coiled around it .
cnidarians often have huge numbers of cnidocytes on their tentacles . cnidocytes are cells containing a coiled thread - like structure called a " nematocyst " , which can be fired at potential prey .
when the spaniards reconquered the area in 1692 , many rebels took refuge among the apaches de nabajú , teaching them how to make pottery , weave close - coiled baskets , perform complex ceremonies , and inspiring them to organize themselves into matrilineal clans .
at the beginning of the s stage , each chromosome is composed of one coiled dna double helix molecule , which is called a chromatid .
but the flag coiled itself around the mast and as a result was not spotted by the indians , who continued their barrage .
the serpent mother is a 168 ' long sculpture of a skeletal serpent coiled around and protecting her egg .
under a tough membraneous shell , the tunica albuginea , the testis of amniotes , and some teleost fish , contains very fine coiled tubes called seminiferous tubules .
the heavy chain comprises a globular head ( the motor domain ) connected via a short , flexible neck linker to the stalk - a long , central coiled - coil stalk - that ends in a tail region formed with a light - chain .
we reached hora sphakion after a long exhausting drive via an extraordinarily sinuous , unmade road , which coiled through a parched sienna landscape .
in 1840 , british scientist warren de la rue enclosed a coiled platinum filament in a vacuum tube and passed an electric current through it .
the phone also required a base - to - handset cord which had a large portion non - coiled , as the plug to the base was located on the bottom of the phone , instead of facing out on the side .
in contrast to using traditional bars or coiled wires of all - metal solder and manually applying flux to the parts being joined , some light hand soldering since the mid-20th century has used flux - core solder .
often in globular proteins , as well as in specialized structures such as coiled - coils and leucine zippers , an alpha helix will exhibit two " faces " - one containing predominantly hydrophobic amino acids oriented toward the interior of the protein , in the hydrophobic core , and one containing predominantly polar amino acids oriented toward the solvent - exposed surface of the protein .
it is oviparous ; the eggs are enclosed in smooth , light yellow flask - shaped capsules long and wide , with flanged edges and short horns at the corners that support long , coiled tendrils .
the eggs of this oviparous species are contained in smooth , light yellow flask - shaped capsules , which have a flanged margin and horns at the corners that support long , coiled tendrils .
many come with a shoulder stock and use a coiled remote line connected to a tank of propellant usually carried on the players back , in order to follow the mil - sim look and to lighten the marker up and make it more maneuverable .
the long tentacles " fish " continuously through the water and each tentacle bears stinging venom - filled nematocysts ( coiled thread - like structures ) which sting and kill small sea creatures such as small fish and shrimp .
like the components of other intermediate filaments , the lamin monomer contains an alpha - helical domain used by two monomers to coil around each other , forming a dimer structure called a coiled coil .
she may also have snakes coiled around her breasts .
the taxonomy of the gastropoda by bouchet & rocroi , 2005 categorizes lesueurillidae in the superfamilia euomphaloidea within the paleozoic molluscs with anisostrophically coiled shells of uncertain position ( gastropoda ? ) .
as with competitive trampolines , recreational trampolines are usually made using coiled steel springs to provide the rebounding force .
the tainocerataceae is a superfamily in the cephalopod order nautilida characterized by straight to loosely coiled shells , generally with a degressed , such that the width is greater than the height , to quadrate whorl section .
each heavy chain has a globular motor domain with a doughnut - shaped structure believed to resemble that of other aaa proteins , a coiled coil " stalk " that binds to the microtubule , and an extended tail ( or " stem " ) that attaches to a neighboring microtubule of the same axoneme .
coilin got its name from the coiled shaped of the cb in which it is found .
hades pretended to offer them hospitality and set a feast ; as soon as the pair sat down , either snakes coiled around their feet and held them there or the stone itself grew and attached itself to their thighs .
when the longer tube is on a headset worn on the headband in the traditional location , excess tube may be coiled around the headset support pad on the appropriate side , or left free and slack .
due to their ability to be coiled , the wire - based systems could be built as " long " as needed , and tended to hold considerably more data per unit ; 1k units were typical on a board only 1 foot square .
the silver figurine portrays senuna as a graceful woman with hair coiled in a bun .
klauber ( 1997 ) considered that they rarely strike further than ½ of their body length , and almost never more than ¾ , but that it is still not wise to trust such values if only because it is not possible to accurately judge the length of a coiled snake .
when a rider is mounted , the free end is coiled and attached to the saddle .
there are also three polar capsules , each of which contains a coiled polar filament .
other traits include grinding basins and slicks , manos , tubular stone pipes , coiled basketry , and square - knot netting .
one or both ends of the stent may be coiled to prevent it from moving out of place , this is called a jj stent , double j stent or pig - tail stent .
the structure of plectin is thought to be a dimer consisting of a central coiled coil of alpha helices connected to large globular domains at each terminus .
the risks associated with surgical clipping of previously - coiled aneurysms are very high .
the coiled snake pays tribute to the patrol accomplishments along the mexican border during 1912 - 1918 .
history of coiled coils .
simple non - coiled springs were used throughout human history e.g. the bow ( and arrow ) .
at night , it will remain coiled on its branch , but extends its head downwards , curled as if about to strike .
charging pressure regulation utilises a two coiled three way solenoid valve pneumatically connected with hoses to the turbo charger ’s waste gate , the turbo chargers outlet and the compressor ’s inlet .
the company works with steel products including a reinforcement steel and industrial steel such as hollow steel , beams , plate iron , pipes , angles , coiled , mesh wires and other metal products .
the lead is a coiled wire insulated in polyurethane with four platinum iridium electrodes and is placed in one of three areas of the brain .
coiled coil .
" gogia " is distinguished from sea lilies , and most other blastoids , in that the plate - covered body was shaped like a vase , or a bowling pin ( with the pin part stuck into the substrate ) , and that the five ambulacra were split into pairs of coiled or straight , ribbon - like strands .
in light of the overwhelming evidence suggesting that the ancestral mammalian ( including primate ) hair texture was very likely within the range of straight / wavy to curly , the idea that the first modern humans expressed tightly coiled hair runs counter to the intuition that straight / wavy or curly hair was also the ancestral trait for modern humans .
his body has natural weapons , including hair coiled into whip - like braids , fangs , and gauntlet - covered claws .
the coiled tubing may be run inside the casing instead or inside conventional tubing .
arf - gap with coiled - coil , ank repeat and ph domain - containing protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " acap2 " gene .
the imperial dragon throne , in particular , has five dragons coiled around the back and handrests .
early broxodent models came with a straight power cord - later units with a coiled cord .
homer1 protein has with an n - terminal evh1 domain , involved in protein interaction , and c - terminal coiled - coil domain involved in self association .
the gongs are made of long hardened steel wires that are coiled inside the watch case .
the anterior half of the spore contains a harpoon - like apparatus with a long thread - like " polar filament " , which is coiled up in the posterior half of the spore .
it defines " panlong " 蟠龍 " coiled dragon " as 未陞天龍 , syntactically meaning either " dragons which do not yet ascend to heaven " ( visser 1913:73 ) or " heavenly dragons which do not yet ascend " ( carr 1990:113 ) .
proline - rich coiled coil 1 .
usually , when a fish is hooked , there will be extra fly line coiled between the reel and the index finger of the rod hand .
the fossils are interpreted as showing a large anterior opening , presumably a mouth , a spacious anterior cavity , an alimentary canal , possibly voluminous in the anterior section , and a narrow intestine in the posterior section , straight or coiled ( in one specimen ) .
in a december 1857 letter he compared mormonism to a " snake coiled in the desert and concluded that it , like the snake , should be smitten immediately . "
coastal life - saving operations historically could use a small mortar ( later known as a " lyle gun " ) to fire a projectile carrying a light rope , which was carefully pre - coiled in a basket to avoid fouling .
the trim motif includes three zinc - binding domains , a ring , a b - box type 1 and a b - box type 2 , and a coiled - coil region .
the gas chromatograph is essentially a very hot oven holding a hollow coiled column .
omphalocirridae is an extinct family of paleozoic molluscs ( gastropods ? ) with anisostrophically coiled shells of uncertain position ( gastropoda ? ) ( according to the taxonomy of the gastropoda by bouchet & rocroi , 2005 ) .
