from a prosperous middle class family , she was well educated and raised in a literary environment that led to her authoring several literary works but soon developed a reputation as a very capable communicator .
in addition to winning the important turf classic , man o ' war stakes , and the washington , d.c. international stakes , the colt ran second to great communicator in the breeders ' cup turf and third to winner mill native in the arlington million .
-marian devotee , peace advocate , effective communicator , number smart , people 's smart , creative learner , truth seeker , gospel preacher
chained to the wall of the pirates ' brig , brock manages to activate his communicator watch .
as a security precaution in case johnny is forced to give unwanted orders , the boy can give a seeming line of gibberish into the communicator before doing so " od ton yebo redro , " claiming it is a communication test .
the communicator , the official publication for phi delta chi was first published nationally in 1906 and has been published regularly ever since .
however , far from simply acting as a communicator , he expected to actually make policy , and see it implemented .
in march 1998 , netscape split off most of the communicator code and put it under an open source license .
“ the engineers named it the tufts interactive communicator . or , for short , tic .
the communicator also carries a department called the pioneers , which presents interviews with notable people in space exploration and colonization programs .
epirb ( emergency position indicating radio beacon ) , handheld gps , handheld communicator , handheld marine radio , batteries , water & food .
duke 's lasting impact was as a historian and communicator of the confederate experience .
also , the communicator , or violator , has a degree of power either in the present situation or a possible future one that influences the interpretation of his / her actions .
the nokia communicator line was the first of nokia 's smartphones starting with the nokia 9000 , released in 1996 .
" communicator ’s commentary : i & ii kings " , which was a gold medallion award finalist for the “ best commentary , ” 1988 , and
the ninja knocks them unconscious and leaves them in an alley outside the hotel , where two thugs steal their communicator watches .
when warp monarch begins its final assault , ran originally fell for the deception that she was a descendant of the bosquito , but it was later found out that she is the communicator and thus can communicate warp monarch itself for earth 's sake .
" communicator : journal of the indian institute of mass communication , 22"(1 - 4 ) , 18 - 22 .
by walking around the ginza streets holding a special information terminal " ubiquitous communicator ( uc ) " , we will be able to browse various multimedia contents such as route guidance to the destination including underground streets , or information related to the current location automatically displayed .
in addition to flying five space missions , blaha has served as the chairman , nasa space flight safety panel ; weather manager , mission management team ; lead spacecraft communicator ; member , nasa space shuttle improvement panel .
cisco also has marketed a skinny - based softphone called cisco ip communicator .
he found that it was clear that the film " is substantially founded upon scientific research and fact , albeit that the science is used , in the hands of a talented politician and communicator , to make a political statement and to support a political programme . "
the firm was named a " top tech communicator " by prsourcecode in 2007 , 2008 and 2009 , and is an innovator in using a distributed workforce .
in july 2004 , sony ericsson unveiled the p910 communicator with its integrated thumbboard , broad e - mail support , quadruple memory and improved screen .
first versions of the communicator were monochrome - only ; later ( but before first customer delivery ) , a daughterboard provided full colour .
inque manages to cure herself , capture batman , and by using his communicator , she sends a message to bruce , calling him out .
since the introduction of secure digital card and output ) slot few companies build mmc slots into their devices ( an exception is some mobile devices like the nokia 9300 communicator , where the smaller size of the mmc is a benefit ) , but the slightly thinner , pin - compatible mmcs can be used in almost any device that supports sd cards if the software / firmware on the devices support them .
he seems to be fascinated by the nature of communication and language 's inherent problems , as well as the role of the artist as supposed communicator and manipulator of visual symbols .
the effects of communicator characteristics on patterns of reciprocity and compensation .
dr. hoffman served as a support crewmember for sts-5 and as a capcom ( spacecraft communicator ) for the sts-8 and sts-82 missions .
he was later seen with jetfire trying to make the communicator work .
the costume also houses a communicator which is used to communicate with friday , and was later modified to include a mask .
launching with a sarah jane smith action figure and star poet set , the range included a sonic lipstick & wrist scanner , alien communicator .
all foreign vessels licenced to fish or support fishing operations in nauru waters are required to use an automatic location communicator and be compatible and registered with the regional vessel monitoring systems at the forum fisheries agency and the western and central pacific fisheries commission .
today the communicator is published four times a year .
moments later , capsule communicator robert a. parker cut in from houston , saying " sorry about that , guys , but today may be december . "
released under the terms of the gnu lesser general public license , sip communicator is free and open source software .
the suite again consisted of netscape navigator and the other communicator components , with the addition of a built - in aol instant messenger client , netscape instant messenger .
the communicator part is driven by an intel 24 mhz 386 cpu .
revation communicator .
the specific access method will depend on the skills and abilities of the communicator .
in one of the daily newscast to the crew of apollo 11 capsule communicator ronald evans told the returning crew that " in the year 2525 " was currently number one in the billboard charts after also informing the crew about the large number of moon based songs that had just been written following the successful moon landing .
she was also awarded " communicator of the year " by international president , toastmasters international , jana barnhill , in 2009 .
the mask may incorporate a two - way radio communicator .
adobe discontinued vlog it ! on september 28 , 2009 , saying that it would be replaced by visual communicator .
cisco ip communicator is a voip softphone software application .
a study at bangor university , wales , of people who hear voices found that fmri scans of one ' animal communicator , ' whilst allegedly hearing the voice of each of ten pets belonging to the research team , showed activity in heschl 's gyrus .
he is regarded as an exceptional and gifted speaker and communicator .
he was initially assigned technical duties in the astronaut office advanced vehicles branch and capsule communicator ( capcom ) branch .
averson tries to contact the " enterprise " with his communicator , which he finds is broken and replaces it with that of leeds and moves on .
voxox is a “ universal communicator " service that manages cross - media communication and was created by telcentris , inc. , a telephony company located in san diego , california .
the " advanced communicator " awards are given to members who complete two manuals per level , as well as performing various other duties .
the communicator " crystal award of excellence " for baker petrolite corporation " demand trac cooling water programs . "
the current version of the garmin communicator has eliminated this option for many users due to its tendency to crash modern browsers .
these are the artist , athlete , book reader , camper , collector , computer , conservation , crime prevention , cyclist , entertainer , first aider , friendship , gardener , guide , handicraft , hobbies , house orderly , observer , scientist , sportsman , swimmer , visual communicator , and the wolf cub citizenship award .
the first version of the communicator badge was used throughout the tng series and during the first two seasons of ' ( ds9 ) .
he is known as a great communicator when it comes to recruiting , but is soft - spoken and often low - key at press conferences .
in later years he travelled widely , an enthusiastic collaborator across national borders and an able communicator of scientific ideas .
the term " navigator " referred to the browser component alone , while " communicator " referred to the suite as a whole , as established in version 4.0 .
another new feature in this version was the option ( on xbox only ) of issuing tactical instructions to your team via the xbox communicator headset during a match .
after releasing five preview releases from 1996–1997 , netscape corp. released the final version of netscape communicator in june 1997 .
queen remained on as pitching coach under johnson and the two reportedly feuded extensively , despite johnson 's reputation as a good communicator .
like others in the communicator series , the 9500 has a full qwerty keyboard .
the communicator client also uses https to connect with the web components server to download address books , expand distribution lists , etc .
( the viewpoint at this moment shifts to the false wings that are a part of the communicator 's uniform and the emblem on his hood resembling a halo , perhaps as a hint that the members of the haibane renmei are these " fallen haibane " .
risky is chosen for the communicator for the blue team while bay bay bay is chosen for the pink team .
he was ascent spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) and a member of the astronaut support crew for sts-1 ( the first flight of the space shuttle ) .
i never thought of myself as a visual communicator or , really , a communications person . "
past iss lecturers include james watson , who won a nobel prize for discovering the structure of dna , and jerome friedman , also a nobel laureate his for work on particle physics , sir hermann bondi ( physicist and astronomer at cambridge university ) , margaret burbidge ( astronomer with the hubble space telescope ) , carl sagan ( writer and science communicator ) , and robert may ( president of the royal society ) .
dr. martin cooper , inventor of the modern mobile phone , credits the tos communicator as being his inspiration for the technology .
in mothers day she went on a mission with kim and saved kim from being swallowed by a glob of green goo by using her communicator to send pulses to it .
the station was aboard the ship the " mv communicator " in international waters in the north sea .
she was editor " communicator " ( iimc ) and also worked for " indian and foreign review " ( ministry of external affairs ) .
volvo 's personal car communicator ( pcc ) remote control will also be an optional feature with the new s80 .
the nokia 9300 and 9300i ( running symbian os version 7.0s ) are very similar to the nokia 9500 but were not marketed under the " communicator " name by nokia .
more recently , he served as a capcom ( spacecraft communicator ) in the jsc mission control center .
in october 1998 version 4.5 of netscape communicator was released .
development of different uis was made generic with a " reference design strategy " for either ' smartphone ' or ' communicator ' devices , subdivided further into keyboard- or tablet - based designs .
currently , students may pursue a scholarly concentration in the following areas : advocacy and activism , aging , contemplative studies , disaster medicine , global health , informatics , medical education , medical ethics , medical humanities , medical technology and innovation , physician as communicator , and women 's reproductive health .
zora contacts zoe on her communicator band and after a short conversation , zoe turns it off .
an american pastor , church leader , and writer , he is a revival historian with a reputation as a communicator whose sermons and writings are biblically centered , and culturally relevant , with a high emphasis on application .
first news was chosen because it is a passionate communicator to children on children 's issues around the world .
its closest competitors are the palmone treo 650 , and the nokia 9500 communicator .
an effective communicator
as the orb continued to bring in more ships , emp used a hidden communicator to contact spartan , who was at the buildings core , where the machines that powered the whole place were .
as the three leave the courtroom , the trench coat - wearing figure urgently whispers into a communicator that they have " lost full containment . "
wolf studied journalism before moving to the uk in 1984 to dj for the pirate radio station laser 558 , broadcasting from mv communicator , based in international waters .
the communicator " crystal award of excellence " for baker petrolite , " corrosion 2000 golf outing invitation "
ed roberts and mims developed an led communicator that would transmit voice on an infrared beam of light to a receiver hundreds of feet away .
your mission is to construct a communicator so that e.t. can phone home .
not just a hostess and communicator , eliana began to flex her entrepreneurial muscles .
as they envisioned it , such a festival would allow them to combine greene 's skills as a scientist and science communicator with day 's as a journalist and producer : the events were meant to be rooted in science , but also to conform to the production standards of professional tv or theater productions .
the effective communicator can not rely on hunches and intuition to capture and hold the attention of the mass - audience .
on a breaking news posted on the website of pup - coc 's the communicator , it was reported that the all operations have been put on hold , due to reasons of pending license application .
he was awarded the australian governments peace medal in 1986 : the international year of peace and was rostrum 's " communicator of the year in 1995 .
rip picks up the communicator and hears dr. philpot 's voice , telling him to stay exactly where he is .
props such as the phasers , tricorders , padds and the communicator badge were all based on his designs .
participants in the international speech contest are required to have completed a minimum of six speech projects toward their competent communicator award , and must create wholly original speeches for the regional and international level competitions .
in november 2000 , netscape communicator was superseded by netscape 6 , an almost completely rewritten program based on mozilla , or what later came to be known as mozilla application suite .
harvey communicator measurement award for baker petrolite corporation ad - " before you make your move , let us make ours . "
technical writers work under many job titles , including " technical communicator , " " information developer " , " data development engineer " , and " technical documentation specialist " .
after his first flight , gutierrez served as spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) - the voice link between the flight crew and mission control - for sts-42 , 45 , 46 , 49 and 52 .
that role was designated the " capsule communicator " or capcom and was filled by another astronaut , often one of the backup crew members .
around three and a half minutes into the flight , deke slayton , the capsule communicator , cut in to ask schirra " are you a turtle today ? " schirra , nonplussed , announced that he was switching to the on - board voice recorder ( rather than the broadcast radio circuit ) to leave his answer ; the mission communications transcript noted this as " [ correct answer recorded ] " .
jake and marco take him to radioshack at the mall to buy the electrical equipment necessary to build a communicator .
winkie pratney ( born 3 august 1944 ) is a youth communicator , christian apologist , evangelist , and writer from auckland , new zealand .
she also worked in the space station and space shuttle mission control centers as a capsule communicator ( capcom ) .
on a personal level , he is highly regarded by colleagues , patients , and students as a gifted scientist , compassionate master physician , and an exceptional educator , communicator , and role model .
with reki , the communicator foresees a tragic fate and gives her the name , should she fail to escape it .
employees have been quoted referring to brown as “ a tremendous communicator . "
they said it would handle all objects in the gaming world , has an integrated scenario editor , a powerful mulitplayer mode and communicator , built - in artificial intelligence and 3d graphics .
the communicator program emphasized task knowledge to compensate for natural language effects and noisy environments .
his technical assignments to date include : spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) in mission control ; flight software verification in the shuttle avionics integration laboratory ( sail ) ; coordinating flight crew equipment ; evaluating extravehicular activity ( eva ) equipment and techniques for the construction of space station ; lead for the payloads and habitability branch of the astronaut office .
grat produces the communicator that mayweather was hiding .
it 's important to note that products such as cisco unified presence server ( version 6.0.2 + ) support federation with microsoft office communicatiion server 2007 to provide presence of cisco ip phones and remote call control of the ip phone from the microsoft office communicator client .
between the first two flights , curbeam served as a spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) responsible for relaying all voice communication between mission control and crews aboard the space shuttle and international space station .
it also meant that most of the work done for netscape communicator 5.0 ( including development on the mariner improvements to the old layout engine ) had to be abandoned .
it eventually became clear that the communicator 4.0 browser was too difficult to develop , and open source development was halted on this codebase .
as of august 2007 , the nokia 6110 navigator is the official communicator of the reality television series , " long way down " , starring ewan mcgregor and charley boorman .
the iphone combined apple 's first widescreen ipod with the world 's first mobile device boasting visual voicemail , and an internet communicator capable of running a fully functional version of apple 's web browser safari on the iphone os .
the station provided some technical and tendering assistance to caroline 's rival laser 558 , and it has been rumoured that monique was considering moving its base of operations to the laser ship " mv communicator " .
beatrice warde ( 20 september 1900—16 september 1969 , née beatrice becker ) , was a communicator on typography .
shran then smashes the communicator and t'pol 's and trip 's as well .
however the " star trek communicator " ceased publication and will be replaced in the foreseeable future ( see information at sites below ) .
in 1997 , magellan also introduced the first handheld global satellite communicator — the gsc 100 .
the squad had their own customized black monster van , and each monster had a " utility belt " with a communicator device used to keep in touch with walt , who had apparently created them for the monsters to use .
version 3 of the communicator was released august 6 , 2006 .
chris is also a committed teacher and science communicator , who 's lively lecturing style and taste for live demonstrations , has led to numerous tv and radio appearances , and has won him many awards .
supporting literature includes : the work of social impact theory , which explains persuasion in part through the number of persons engaging in influence ; as well as studies made on the relative influence of communicator credibility in different kinds of persuasion ; and examinations of the trustworthiness of the speaker .
as tekla has a holster built into her right leg , a communicator in her right ear , and emitters in her hands that allowed her to help build her force field generator , it can be assumed that the people of planet tek cybernetically augment themselves over the course of their lives .
it was the period that the department of trade and industry ( dti ) put out a permanent watch on all activities in the thames estuary regarding the movements of ships in the neighbourhood of the mv ross revenge and the mv communicator , which was at that stage the radio ship for laser 558 .
the self contained radio station was built on a former hydrographic survey vessel , the gardline seeker , which was renamed the communicator .
an astronaut since 1990 , she has been involved in robotic hardware and procedure development for the shuttle and space station and has worked as a spacecraft communicator .
the only witness to the blast is a mysterious agent clad in black , known as raven , who declares heihachi dead into his communicator .
ultraman saves the day , and hayata rewards the monster prince by giving him his communicator - insignia and tells him to study hard and not obsess over monsters .
njstar communicator .
his supporters point his qualities as a television communicator and of spreader of the history of portugal to the least instructed people in the country and to the portuguese communities outside portugal .
nuvoiz communicator .
a skilled communicator , dodds helps journalists grapple with issues that are changing our world , such as bank mergers , the north american free trade agreement ( nafta ) , and the future role of universities .
he has won eight glenfiddich awards , has twice been named " british beer writer of the year " , and was named " communicator of the year " in the 2001 international wine and spirit competition .
reagan was quoted as saying " some call me the great communicator but if there was one thing i dreaded during my eight years in washington it was having to follow guy vander jagt to the podium . "
strogatz has been lauded for his ability as a teacher and communicator .
orr has been given two prestigious awards including superintendent of the year in 2008 by communities in schools and the key communicator of the year award in 2005 by the texas school public relations association .
applications now have only a single menu tree , accessible from the title bar at the top of the screen ; there is no exit or quit option in most apps ; and a button bar has been added to the right hand side of the screen , resembling that of the nokia communicator smartphones .
judith dupré ( born in providence , rhode island ) is an author , cultural historian , and visual communicator .
net messenger service , and by office communicator in corporate environments .
in the offices of hermia was developed the first nokia communicator mobile phone , as well as nokia 's first camera - phone .
nuvoiz communicator uses nuvoiz ’s patent - pending nat and firewall traversal technology for 100% voip call connectivity through peer - to - peer connections as first goal , or media relay as backup .
in instrumental learning situations , which involve operant behavior , the persuasive communicator will present his message and then wait for the receiver to make a correct response .
at the hall of justice , firestorm ( jason and gehenna ) observed black lantern attacks happening all over the world on the monitors , and encountered mera , the one who sent the signal to their communicator .
it implied that the communicator , in this case the media , had significant control over the message receiver .
through an audio / visual communicator , artemis informs root from fowl manor that he is holding holly for ransom , then destroys the whaling ship remotely by detonating a large amount of semtex .
he reveals he has been sent to observe the villains , and is reporting to an unknown party on a communicator .
" thus , under the proposal , anyone who contacts a covered government official is in effect deemed to be a lobbyist , unless the communicator is another government official or government staff person .
as a graphic designer / communicator ( 1991 to date ) .
in 2006 , polycom introduced its communicator , the c100s , which was the industry ’s first wideband speakerphone for a pc .
built into the right wrist is a video communicator , which he can use to stay in contact with all his bases from any point on earth .
cassidy ( designated as " sundance 1 " ) wore a special ring with a hidden communicator to keep in contact with mr. socrates from afar .
the suite again consisted of netscape navigator and the other communicator components , with the addition of a built - in aol instant messenger client , netscape instant messenger .
in an article for the source , the ghetto communicator wrote " this record is harsh , but so is the world that we live in .
on dynamic aac devices , multiple pages of symbols are possible , and thus only a portion of the symbols available are visible at any one time , with the communicator navigating the various pages .
2 . ' o believers ! raise not your voices above the voice of the communicator of unseen ( the prophet ) and speak not aloud in presence of him as you shout to one another , lest your works become vain while you are unaware .
his technical assignments to date have included : chief of the astronaut office space station branch ; chief of the astronaut office mission support branch ; lead spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) ; lead astronaut for flight software development and computer systems ; flight crew operations directorate representative to the program requirements control board ; weather coordinator for space shuttle launches and landings ; astronaut office representative in the areas of ascent , entry , and aborts .
the stories are also said to be based in part on the work of " spirit communicator " mary ann winkowski .
under heavy fire from an enemy chopper outside the building the team is in , stunner tells him on the communicator that they 're low on ammo and have to go back , but murphy retorts that resetting the game is not a part of their party 's strategy .
later , alien prote was confronted by a member of the ultra garrison sent to spy on him , but when shots were fired , prote was unharmed and fired back , knocking him out and crushing his communicator .
he was the astronaut office t-38 safety officer , leader of the astronaut support personnel team at the kennedy space center and was lead spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) for numerous shuttle flights .
luna introduces pietro to a " communicator , " who tells pietro much about the process of terrigenesis , leading to him breaking into the sacred terrigen caves and knocking out a guard so he can go dive into the misty cave waters .
the magellan gsc 100 communicator is no longer in production .
the communicator guide 's role is to provide practical help with every - day tasks such as shopping , dealing with mail .
differences from the 9500 communicator .
to accomplish this , the robot is issued voice commands by the player using the included headset , the xbox communicator .
the paper received significant attention in early 1998 and was one factor in motivating netscape communications corporation to release their popular netscape communicator internet suite as free software .
the new layout engine was developed in parallel with the old , with the intention being to integrate it into netscape communicator when it was mature and stable .
in 2005 he was awarded the communicator prize by the dfg and the stifterverband für die deutsche wissenschaft ( foundation for german scholarship ) for his television appearances and publications .
also after examining the communicator several times , he 'll say that " it 's a t-1000 model "
jenny managed to gather up all her pieces before krackus fixed his communicator except a critical part that held her together , but she and her friends manage to fool vexus and krackus with some clever thinking , and the queen angrily pulled the inventor back to cluster prime before either could become the wiser .
he supported deployed ships in the mediterranean sea and served as chemistry and radiological assistant and communicator until the ship was delivered to the pacific fleet in 1986 .
the previous version , " office communicator 2007 " was released to manufacturing on 28 july , 2007 and launched in october 2007 .
wildebeest helped the heroes defeat the master of games , who intended to steal all the powers of the champions , and robin gave him an official titans communicator and an honorary titans membership .
the studies also present evidence that individuals tend to credit expert information on nanotechnology — regardless of its content — based on whether they share the perceived cultural values of the expert communicator .
in the 2003 - 2008 span , amherst has been received two national student emmy awards and 22 regional student emmy awards , as well as several international communicator awards .
as a communicator and machine - gunner on patrols , monsoor carried 100 pounds of gear in temperatures often exceeding 100 degrees .
a technical writer ( also referred to as a technical communicator ) is a professional writer who designs , writes , creates , maintains , and updates technical documentation — including online help , user guides , white papers , design specifications , system manuals , and other documents .
2005 communicator award : honorable mention in live cable news for " mcn live "
it is not true , although widely reported , watching captain kirk using his communicator on the television show " star trek " inspired him to develop the handheld mobile phone .
the monkeys steal zoe 's communicator .
inspeak communicator is an internet chat program offering text , audio and video interaction .
kevin dilmore was a newspaper reporter and long - time contributing writer to " star trek communicator " magazine before breaking into fiction writing .
rakka realizes that her friend only pretends to be happy ; she learns from the communicator that reki 's time as a haibane is close to its end , and that reki must resolve her inner conflicts and take her day of flight or she will lose her wings and halo , go into exile and live alone until she dies .
vanna , realizing that kirk was right about the gas after all , manages to find kirk 's communicator and signals the " enterprise " to quickly beam them up before the men kill each other .
mv communicator .
concerned communicator award .
unsuccessful in the trials , the nautilus was remodelled as a ship to shore communicator after removal of the scarff ring from the rear seat .
communicator was to develop " dialogue interaction " technology that enables warfighters to talk with computers , such that information will be accessible on the battlefield or in command centers without ever having to touch a keyboard .
fictional devices in the show have also been claimed as inspirations for actual devices like mobile phones ( communicator ) .
the people see the chief as the communicator between the every day world and the world of the ancestors .
the more important ones on printing are listed in ' i am a communicator ' ( see reference below )
the communicator ( ipfw ) .
following the mission she worked as a capcom ( spacecraft communicator ) in nasa ’s mission control center .
her technical assignments have included flight software verification in the shuttle avionics integration laboratory ( sail ) , serving as a team member of the vehicle integration test team ( vitt ) at kennedy space center , and as a spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) .
although many large companies had worked years before to develop advanced mobile phone and pda devices [ see nokia 9000 communicator ] , none has reached mtm for integration between telephony , video , computer and broadband transmission .
after the lesson , zoe is called to the synedrium council chamber by her communicator band .
hazlewood 's style as a communicator described as engaging and enthusiastic , has made him a regular face on british television .
sent to churchill downs in louisville , kentucky , she finished third to great communicator in that year 's breeders ' cup turf .
among the many awards were the founder 's day award from the in blue mountain lake as well as both the adirondack communicator and adirondack heritage awards from
an example of a service plug - in would be a soap communicator plug - in that can on - the - fly translate any in - memory service input data to a web service soap request , post it to a service producer , and then translate the corresponding soap response to in - memory output data on the service .
interactive urinal communicator .
l. david ritchie proposes that communication creates relationships between what is perceived or known by one person and what is perceived or known by others ; the form of the communication will be determined in part by whether there are pre - existing relationships between the communicator and the audience .
officially named the at&t eo personal communicator it was more similar to a large personal digital assistant with wireless communications , and competed against the apple newton .
he started publishing in the magazine " la zarpa " , where he stood out as a great communicator .
after aol merged with netscape , technology analysts speculated that aol 's major interest was the netscape.com website ( specifically the millions of registered users thereof ) , and to a lesser extent the netscape communicator suite , which some considered would be used to replace the internet explorer browser which aol licensed from microsoft and included as part of their software suite .
there are three levels of advanced communicator , being bronze , silver and gold , with the respective post - nominals acb , acs and acg .
he disables two of the intruders and tells hank via their communicator watches to be careful .
since then he has held a variety of technical assignments in support of the space shuttle program including : flight software testing in the shuttle avionics integration laboratory ( sail ) ; launch support activities at the kennedy space center ; spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) in mission control during space shuttle missions ; chief of astronaut appearances .
information may be collected through primary research , where the technical communicator conducts research first - hand , and secondary research , where work published by another person is used as an information source .
the ibm simon personal communicator was the first attempt to market a commercially viable smartphone and was a joint venture between ibm and bellsouth .
even so , hargreaves ' reputation as a communicator went ahead of him .
interculturalism , eclecticism and the aim to make the music accessible to new and younger audiences are reflected widely in his work as a musicin and communicator .
version 7 is an attempt to bring all cisco unified communications products to the same version number ( cucm , cups , cer , cupc , cisco ip communicator , uccx , etc . )
members receive a certificate , six editions of the star trek communicator magazine ( which has been available at most newsstands and comic stores ) and discounts to many venues and memorabilia that is officially licensed by paramount .
piper uses an unusual method to issue commands to the ship 's computer via handheld communicator .
cooper states that " star trek " was his inspiration for the cell phone , and discusses the similarities between the modern day cell phone and a star trek communicator .
a psycommu ( psychic communicator ) is a device able to directly interpret the user 's thoughts by picking up their brainwaves .
her work at nasa has been in a variety of areas , including orbiter and payload software , space shuttle avionics integration laboratory , flight data file , shuttle medical kit and checklist , launch and landing rescue helicopter physician , support crew member for sts-6 , crew equipment , membership on nasa 's aerospace medical advisory committee , technical assistant to the director of flight crew operations , and capsule communicator ( capcom ) in the mission control center .
he is an avid web communicator , feeling this is the best way to speak to the fans .
at that moment , they are hailed - it is grat , using archer 's communicator to warn t'pol not to try anything or risk being fired upon .
indonesia being one of the largest market share for nokia 's communicator series is cited as a reason for the unit 's first launch location .
in a strange twist of fate , apple dropped the chip in favor of acorn computers ' arm and the active book company ( founded by hermann hauser , who also founded acorn ) dropped the arm in its pda to use hobbit in what eventually became at&t 's own eo personal communicator , an early pda running go corporation 's penpoint operating system .
e90 is also the first nokia communicator to have umts / hsdpa connectivity and integrated gps .
they appear to be a kind of personal communicator .
his media and debating skills were recognised in december 2005 when he was named as best new am in the itv wales political awards ; and best communicator in the bbc wales am - pm awards .
office communicator does offer solutions that allow for federated presence and im to other popular instant message services such as aol , yahoo , msn , and xmpp messengers .
they examined the alien they had to shoot , finding a communicator on it , discovering it was somehow the other member of the space crew and that one of the creatures had attacked them .
beonex communicator .
the crusader communicator is the official weekly school - to - home newsletter of the orlando lutheran academy .
currently - established publications in the city include the " ann arbor observer " , a monthly magazine with features covering local culture , politics , family life , business and history , as well as a comprehensive calendar of events ; " current " , an entertainment guide ; and the " communicator " , a local high school paper .
amelia kinkade ( born december 31 , 1963 ) is an actress , animal communicator and self - proclaimed " pet psychic " .
his other technical assignments to date have included : manager of ascent , entry , and launch abort issues for the astronaut office operations development branch ; spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) , providing the voice link from the mission control center during launch and entry for several space shuttle missions ; director of operations for nasa at the yuri gagarin cosmonaut training center in star city , russia , from october 1995 to april 1996 , with responsibility for the coordination and implementation of mission operations activities in the moscow region for the joint u.s./russian shuttle - mir program .
ubiquitous communicator .
the series is based on the work of " spirit communicator " james van praagh , who is co - executive producer and constantly updates a blog about the show through cbs .
david chernushenko : is an independent sustainability communicator and a consultant to private and public organizations in canada and internationally through his company green & gold inc.
space operations communicator .
although not keen on public speaking , he was made the youngest ever business communicator of the year for 1995 .
covey also served as mission control spacecraft communicator ( capcom ) for shuttle missions sts-5 , 6 , 61-b , 61-c , and 51-l ( the challenger disaster ... it was his voice that said the now infamous words , " challenger , go at throttle up . " ) .
cereberus is in the mag rail with zoe 's communicator wristband , receiving a message from nephthys saying that shields are down .
the communicator " gold award of excellence " for champion technologies corporate brochure
additionally , craig has had his own nationally syndicated radio show , which after only ten months on the air , won the prestigious communicator award “ crystal ” prize .
lythgoe was well - spoken , good - looking and a natural communicator , and his several television series helped to popularize classical music in the uk and the usa .
lamb ’s players ” that mr. terrell taught him much more than acting ; he molded richard into an effective communicator in spite of his vision problems , teaching him by following voices to look people in the eye and to play , in effect , the role of a sighted person .
playmates toys produced a limited edition captain calhoun 4.5 inch action figure which was available only via mail order through the " star trek communicator " fan club magazine , and began shipping in september 1998 .
as a dedicated prestel terminal with built - in word processing and spreadsheet capabilities , the communicator found a niche market amongst travel agents in the united kingdom and italy , who used prestel ( and similar networks ) as probably the earliest online booking service .
development of windows messenger was halted after version 5.1 in favor of windows live messenger and office communicator .
this " sleeper effect " was shown to vanish , as predicted , if the unacceptable communicator was " reinstated " several weeks later by reminding the audience about who had presented the earlier persuasive material .
communicator - the crew wears them on their wrists to communicate to each other .
