john bush of allmusic describes it as being a " hardcore follow - up to his 2001 crossover hit " music " as well as commenting on its " dark tone " and " raw raps " .
the film was well - received by critics , and kim herself was singled out for praise , with " the japan times " commenting , " kim 's performance is a masterful balance of understatedness and open - wounded vulnerability " .
in " after the cataclysm " , when commenting on francois ponchaud 's suggestion that the death toll in cambodia might run into the millions , chomsky and herman suggest that " we wonder , frankly , whether ponchaud really believes such figures . "
octave mirbeau , commenting on the palais de l'industrie as a focal point of the champs elysées , compared the building to " an ox trampling through a rose garden . "
once commenting on his son 's plans for college , the elder bell said , " bert will go to penn ( the university of pennsylvania ) or he will go to hell .
commenting on the chart position of " bring it
the two exchange insults , g'kar commenting on how the wheels of fate have turned since the centauri occupation of narn .
according to the " the times " , the general elaborated on this question at a 1993 commemoration of the battle of iwo jima , when commenting on ira hayes , he said " were ira hayes here today ... i would tell him that although my words on another occasion have given the impression that i believe some marines ... because of their color ... are not as capable as other marines ... that those were not the thoughts of my mind ... and that they are not the thoughts of my heart ..
commenting on the win , creedon said : " the big fat guy never wins anything , this is great . "
marquis is briefly seen by the river with another man , happily commenting that sommer got out today .
gamespy gave the game a score of 75/100 , commenting that " simcity 4 " is " graphically stunning " ; the review also criticized the game for having issues " that will likely kill the game for casual players " including performance and difficulty .
when commenting on internet privacy , apenes deplored the indifference with which people disseminate personally identifiable information .
raphael levi hannover wrote : " luḥot ha-'ibbur , " astronomical tables for the jewish calendar ; " tekunat ha - shamayim , " on astronomy and calendar - making , especially commenting on the talmudical passages on these topics , with glosses of moses tiktin .
later , when commenting on when she first heard her voices , joan said that she " vowed to keep her virginity as long as it should please god " adding that she was then " thirteen years old , or thereabouts " .
commenting on the findings , the chief medical officer of the american cancer society , otis w. brawley , md , said
hammond tests the 1967 lamborghini miura , commenting on its controversial , trend - setting styling and engine positioning ; and rides in an improved 1971 sv version with its owner , musician and supercar enthusiast jay kay .
a zdnet journalist wrote , " yahoo gets it , big time " while commenting on the search for the holy grail of user generated content .
besides the images , clover also left behind a great deal of information about her photography , including meticulous chronological notes she kept while working in her darkroom , listing photographs and commenting on exposures , lighting , et cetera , and the references in her letters .
for the first volume he wrote a prologue commenting on the significance of the muslim period in spanish history , where he refers approvingly to the work of américo castro .
review conclusions highlighted several positives , commenting " lots of thought given to the environment and background story , and the game itself seems very solid " .
he also dismissed comparisons to his forebears , commenting : " i honestly believe that i need to have the world record like some of the other great sprinters like carl lewis , maurice greene .
writing in 1925 , fondane rendered a pronouncement by jean cocteau , who , while commenting that tzara was one of his " most beloved " writers and a " great poet " , argued : " handkerchief of clouds " was poetry , and great poetry for that matter — but not theater . "
den of geek listed terry 3rd in their " best fighting game characters " list with editor harry slater commenting " bogard is a stark reminder of the glory days of the two dimensional fighter " .
the prophet oseas is lowered over the stage by an angel ; seated on a throne , oseas functions as observer and chorus , commenting upon the play 's action and applying its lessons to contemporary english life .
wizard entertainment considered ichigo the best hero from 2007 , commenting that he does not try to be a hero as he just fights in order to protect his friends or to return a debt .
davies himself directed some of the second unit material featuring real - life television personalities such as richard and judy and trisha goddard commenting on steven baxter , seen throughout the programme along with news reports featuring real - life newsreaders such as jon snow and krishnan guru - murthy .
of his off - screen relationship with mcgarty , coghill explained that it helped that she does not look or act like a young child , deeming her " fantastic to work with " , as well as " very natural , very instinctive and a natural actress " , commenting : " there is n't any uncomfortable feeling at all . "
matt casamassina of ign praised the developers ' work commenting they have " done a fine job of taking nintendo 's dated franchise and updating it for the new generation " and summed up the general opinion by stating that " for some , gx will be the ultimate racer .
his important work was in translating and commenting upon aristotle 's ethics .
commenting on the three songs , he noted opener " wait and watch " as the " angriest song on the ep , but it ’s also the weakest " , " ten ton shoes " " is the anchor of un mas dos , and the band sticks to the message already familiar to the listener
in 2008 , she spoke of her preference for independent film , commenting in taglish , " as for me , i feel fulfilled in indie films .
however the game just missed out on a gold award ( which is given to games that score 90% or higher in their reviews ) due to the lack to nintendo wi - fi support and blasted sega for the omission due to wi - fi being supported on the xbox and ps3 , commenting that as nintendo wi - fi had already proven it 's capabilities with other games , it appeared that sega simply could n't be bothered to include it .
very soon after its initial release in the spring of 1968 , several critics began championing the film in the uk and u.s. david pirie , who wrote extensively and enthusiastically about the film in his 1973 book " a heritage of horror " , reviewed the film in 1971 for " time out " , commenting : “
the pan also complained that hank used religious paraphernalia during his campaign and provided a newspaper cutout of a journalist commenting that hank made a public invitation to attend mass .
the other passengers admire lily , with the man sitting next to mitchell commenting that lily 's " mother must be very proud . "
ruby starts the show weighing more than 477 lbs ( she originally weighed over 700 lbs . ) ruby works with nutritionists , doctors , and trainers to lose weight , all the while commenting honestly and often humorously about the experience .
users can become fully immersed in their experiences by viewing material , commenting it and then actively contributing to it .
reports on the announcement published in the " new york post " and in davis ' hometown paper the " philadelphia inquirer " remarked on the earlier " bad press " in 2005 , with the " post " commenting , " apparently , that ' new creative direction ' has done an about - face , " and the " inquirer " quoting a network vice president who " does n't know the specifics behind the perky davis ' firing , but called it ' shortsightedness . ' "
huntington frequently cited brazil as a success , alluding to his role in his 1988 presidential address to the american political science association , commenting that political science " played a modest role in this process " .
janet nelson , commenting on the " annales " , speculated that rodulf was conspiring with charles rebellious younger son carloman .
the " rap - up " includes new lyrics commenting on the week 's noteworthy celebrity news .
commenting on wadia ’s teaching and research work in geology during his stay at jammu , ks valdiya , an eminent geologist , has written : “
producer alison rosenzweig ( " windtalkers " ) says she has begun developing a movie based on his life , particularly this one incident , commenting " he 's a fun , kind of internationally famous person that i think is an interesting source for movie material . "
jacobs has stated that her favourite donna scene was when she kissed mickie , commenting : " it was just so much fun .
in " time"s cover story on u2 , the magazine called the album the band 's best , commenting that it had both commercial and thematic depth .
( b ) promotional activities in social media aside from the content being promoted , including : blogging , commenting on other blogs , participating in discussion groups , and posting status updates on social networking profiles
commenting on the depression in 1931 , he stated , " the american people are experiencing a return to religion following a period of carelessness and cynicism marked by the prosperity of the land ...
commenting that she wanted to " push liz taylor off the magazine covers , " she gave permission for several partially nude photographs to be published by " life " .
dan iverson of ign gave the episode a positive review , commenting that some of the gags were " extremely funny " .
col shaffer from publicly commenting on able danger and able danger 's identification of the 9/11 hijackers .
dead kennedys lead singer , jello biafra , commenting i never thought i 'd hear a psychedelic slime band more hardcore than the green fuzz , but here they are .
seldes appears as one of the film 's ' witnesses ' commenting on the historical events depicted in the film .
in commenting on the lack of faith others put on her research , dr. fischer goodheartedly quipped that the satellites had not accepted the accepted literature , either .
the a.v. club " also gave the album a positive review with a grade of b- , commenting , " their team - up with carey is canny : stewart and nash loosen up the diva ’s sometimes overblown on - record persona , and in return she gives definition to some of their more meandering tunes and backdrops .
segments of an interview with liang commenting extensively on copyright and culture are featured in steal this film ( two ) .
in the uk , " disc " magazine awarded " ( untitled ) " a top rating of four stars , commenting " [ this ] is probably the most intelligent collection of songs ever assembled on a double lp " and concluding " the byrds show they retain all their imagination yet at the same time retain their unique sound . "
the christian author tertullian , commenting on practice in roman carthage , describes the removal of corpses by one who impersonates the " brother of jove " , dis pater .
bassist colin greenwood , commenting on their decision , said " nigel and the band know each other so well now , it 's all got a little too safe . "
he tends to begin races by commenting on the horses that have broken well , and then mentioning his opinion of the early pace .
in writing to the physician hillel of verona , he makes the point that while commenting upon the difficult passages of the " moreh " , he followed the criticisms of naḥmanides .
adi shankaracharya made a statement while commenting upon the first mantra of the kenopanishad : " the exposition of a subtle theme becomes easy to understand by means of dialogues in the form of questions and answers between the teacher and the disciples .
" years later , guitarist jim suptic even apologized for having the influence they did on many of the modern third - wave emo bands , commenting that " [ t]he punk scene we came out of and the punk scene now are completely different .
new york times " critics such as nora sayre criticised the often contradictory moral themes of the film and frank rich believed it " was the same old stuff".pauline kael , a harsh feminine critic of eastwood for many years mocked his performance as dirty harry , commenting that , " he is n't an actor , so one could hardly call him a bad actor .
commenting on his latest book , india today said : " here is a chronicle for the 21st century , then , a bildungsroman that tracks the education of the crime - infested soul , completed when the soul cries ' i am guilty ' and acknowledges that the burden of this enormous guilt will darken the rest of his life .
some of these ministers , including t.l. osborn , looked to bosworth as a mentor for their healing ministies , resulting in some historians commenting that bosworth was a bridge between the healing ministries of his generation and the healing revival of the late 1940s and 1950 's .
he also expressed disappointment commenting that " it ’s too bad really , that " have one on me " is so overdone because there ’s a decent album hidden somewhere in there .
commenting on the plot , cline notes that this serial contains several historical characters in a purely fictitious setting . "
western media widely condemned the conference and described it as a " holocaust denial conference " or a " meeting of holocaust deniers " , though iran maintained that it was not a holocaust denial conference , commenting the conference was meant to " create an opportunity for thinkers who can not express their views freely in europe about the holocaust " .
cook and moore are most remembered for their sketches as two working class men , pete and dud , in macs and cloth caps , commenting on politics and the arts , but they fashioned a series of one - off characters , usually with moore in the role of interviewer to one of cook 's upper - class eccentrics .
as he completed his fifth trip to iowa , party officials in the state remarked that he was " making inroads " in the state , commenting that " democrats are looking for somebody who is new and fresh . "
commenting on the silver star issue , republican sen. john warner , who was under secretary of the navy at the time , stated " we did extraordinary , careful checking on that type of medal , a very high one , when it goes through the secretary ...
he made his football league debut against leyton orient in october 1951 in place of the injured jimmy boswell but had a disastrous match , with one local newspaper commenting that he looked " completely out of his depth " in professional football .
he also ranked 9th in the " top 20 street fighter characters of all time " from game daily , with the writer commenting how different is he from ken and ryu despite their similar appearances .
in 2006 , he began doing stage announcing for bicycle races , with ongoing commenting at philly week , redlands , the national championships , the tour of utah , and numerous others .
on the dvd commentary track , the vowel at the end of igner 's name is specifically identified as an " e , " with the writers and director commenting on how often the spelling used online is incorrect .
following the " gsn " report , members of the 9/11 commission began commenting on the information they had on able danger and atta .
following this , christian , who had an encounter with smackdown ! superstar john cena at the start of the year , began commenting on cena , claiming he was a better rapper than cena and denouncing him as " poseur " .
medieval muslim physicians documented detailed and extensive lists of birth control practices , including the use of abortifacients , commenting on their effectiveness and prevalence .
however , " rolling stone " said the album seemed confused , commenting that silverchair " ca n't decide what they want to do " with their music .
the novel , set in dublin in june 1921 during " the troubles " and revolving around a woman torn between an irish patriot and an english writer with pro - republican sympathies , was well received , with one reviewer commenting that " the novel shows unusual promise " .
commenting on criticism of the lavoisier group by clive hamilton , the cooler heads coalition notes that " hamilton accuses the lavoisier group of painting the un 's global warming negotiations as " an elaborate conspiracy in which hundreds of climate scientists have twisted their results to support the ' climate change theory ' in order to protect their research funding " and adds , " sounds plausible to us . "
editor 's note from red sky at morning : commenting on his inclusion in tewntieth century western writers , richard bradford wrote in 1982 , " i do n't consider myself as a western writer , in the sense that zane grey , owen wister , jack schaefer , or louis l'amour are western writers . "
commenting on the issue , keyes asked rhetorically , " since the legislature has not acted on the subject , you might be wondering how it is that homosexuals are being married in massachusetts .
albert quotes extensively from these , all the while commenting on the accuracy and reliability of herwegen 's account .
at 8:00 a.m. , osho gave a 60 to 90-minute spontaneous lecture in the ashram 's " buddha hall " auditorium , either commenting on literature from a religious tradition , or answering questions sent in by visitors and disciples .
however , after the staff designed the graphics and the gameplay , he was surprised by the work , commenting that it was more interesting .
furthermore , london 2012 chairman sebastian coe remained unfazed and flatly ruled out an appearance , commenting : " i am clear cut on the chambers case –
computer gaming world"s bob proctor echoed similar statements about ssi 's success , commenting that the title earned the company a good profit .
bob russell is last seen commenting to will bailey that mcgarry 's death has caused him to reflect on his own mortality .
nugroho also shows us concert clips and slank fans and enhances his film with comic book - style animated sequences commenting on the political situation in indonesia .
" the guardian " , while not commenting on the suspension , described the challenge for which bradley was sent off as " heavy . " in his match report , larrionda accused bradley of angrily confronting him following the game , earning the american an additional 3 match suspension .
commenting on how people expect carpenters male , marge develops a plan .
commenting on its historical prominence , wynton marsallis once remarked that " central avenue was the 52nd street of los angeles . "
commenting on the bill , state senator paula dockery said , " i do n't envision a time anytime soon where thoughtful senators are going to say that there 's some kind of good public policy involved in taking liability away from somebody who was at fault and putting it on the taxpayers of the state of florida . "
it is krapp ’s sixty - ninth birthday and , as has become his custom , he hauls out his old tape recorder , reviews one of the earlier years – in this case the recording he made when he was thirty - nine – and makes a new recording commenting on the events of the previous twelve months .
purandara dasa was the first composer who started commenting on the daily life of the people in compositions .
the rest of the band downplayed the reaction to his departure , noel gallagher commenting " it 's hardly paul mccartney leaving the beatles " though he also said " we 've got to respect their ( bonehead and mcguigan ) decision as family men . " gallagher has admitted on several occasions holding no malice toward the former rhythm guitarist and admiring him for his effort he put forth .
mccallum summed up the character in commenting " no one knows what illya kuryakin does when he goes home at night . "
the documentary " word up - from ghetto to mecca " was produced by shirani sabaratnam for fore - word press in 2005 featuring performance poetry from mark t. watson , commentary and endorsments from gil scott heron & jalal mansur nuriddin from the last poets , dub poet benjamin zephaniah reading from mark t. watson 's book " ordinary guy " and jazz drummer rod youngs from washington dc , commenting on the up and coming audio rendition of mark 's work entitled " rhythms of the diaspora vol 1 " on which rod plays drums , accompanied by larry mcdonald ( formerly of the skatalites , bob marley , inner circle , & gil scott heron ) also percussionist marivaldo do santos ( who played with wyclef jean and shakira)with guest vocals from jalal mansur nuriddin of the last poets and new york dub poet ras tesfa .
after the sentence , defense lawyer john minock stated that he would appeal , commenting , " i 'm shocked .
a guestbook is also available for commenting on the newest episode .
post moderation requires users to register before commenting , or requires individual posts or comments to be approved by a moderator or administrator before they appear in the blog .
mark stearny of " joystik " magazine called " defender " the most successful game in 1981 , commenting that it out performed " pac - man " .
commenting on the new release , endwell stated that , " basically we just wanted to make a record that was hard emotionally and musically .
commenting on the state of french rugby in their book " the complete rugby footballer " , original all blacks dave gallaher and billy stead wrote : " we are strongly of the opinion that the game will spread in their country and that in the course of time they will put a team in the field which will command the utmost respect of any other . "
freebasic supports block commenting along with end of line remarks .
he currently maintains a blog chronicling his personal and professional life as well as commenting and journaling current events in politics that surround him .
david nusair from " reel film reviews " reviewing " rising " said " as a pilot episode , there 's no denying that " rising " gets the job done , " commenting to the one episode release of the pilot on dvd format . "
commenting on this issue , he said " for me , my citizenship comes before my party . "
the bush administration did not comment about the film ; as white house spokesperson emily lawrimore remarked , " we are not commenting because it does n't dignify a response .
the city of melbourne swanton street redevelopment project received over 5000 responses from the public allowing them to participate in the design process by commenting on seven different design options .
commenting on the implementation of three year licence cycles , the rfl 's chief executive nigel wood stated , " we hope to capture all of the advantages of a closed competition like the nrl without the disadvantages of having perennial under - performers that sometimes you get in a closed competition . "
his paintings almost always include text in french and lingala , commenting on life in africa and the modern world .
an adult bronso is later quoted via epigraph , commenting on leto 's influence on his son paul atreides .
however , sarah walters of the " manchester evening news " was less impressed , commenting that " it takes more than a bunch of singable wooh 's to maketh the memorable single " . drowned in sound reviewer alex denney called " 2 hearts " a " disappointment " , stating that " it 's a genetic three - way splice of the burlesque chic christina aguilera 's been peddling for the last 12 months to a worldwide chorus of mehs , alison goldfrapp 's vampish electro shtick and , quite literally , feist 's " 1234 " .
on february 13 , 2009 on a knoxville radio show , kiffin referred to bryce brown as a " great player , " which the university plans to self - report as a secondary recruiting violation since ncaa rules prohibit coaches from publicly commenting on recruitable athletes .
back in p - sec , jones and mccabe are looking at a large list of recent assaults and murders commenting they have never seen anything like this in a long time .
commenting on the attacks , shamil basayev said : " the latest blast in moscow is not our work , but the work of the dagestanis .
in 2003 , anthropologists clifton and karl kroeber , sons of alfred l. kroeber , edited " ishi in three centuries " , the first scholarly book on ishi to contain essays by indians , although native writers such as gerald vizenor had been commenting on the case since the late 1970s .
commenting on the subject , the curator of the rock and roll hall of fame , jim henke , noted that any future releases would garner significant attention .
windsor has spoken of her " terrified " reaction to being asked to audition , commenting : " i had the weekend to prepare and i cried all the time .
they are also a very active political power , commenting anything from municipal plans to national abortion laws .
however , it was panned by the critics , with " variety " commenting that , " this film is so awful it 's almost as if eastwood is using it to find out how far he can go - how bad a film he can associate himself with " .
commenting upon sobers ' six sixes in an over against his team in 1968 , glamorgan captain tony lewis said : " it was not sheer slogging through strength , but scientific hitting with every movement working in harmony " .
commenting on the update , jason and danielle of aurora feint said , " our mission is simple : we always want to be at the forefront of new capabilities that can benefit our developer and user community .
despite the negative comments it has received , " final fantasy x-2"s critical reception has been largely positive , with ign summarizing it as " a brilliant and addictive romp through spira that we 're certainly glad to experience " , and gamespot commenting that it is " every bit as poignant , endearing , and engrossing as its forebears , " with strengths that " ultimately make ... " x-2"s minor flaws forgivable " .
jeff jensen from " entertainment weekly " described alex 's death scene as " hardcore " , commenting that it will be " sitting very high on this ranking of all - time pivotal " lost " moments " by the end of the series .
in august 2009 , roger ebert wrote a blog " in defense of armond white " commenting on white 's negative review of " district 9 " .
commenting upon this staging , brian may says that they " had to rise to the challenge of getting freddie in there in a way which gave him his rightful place , but without demeaning paul in any way .
ai leaves , commenting that bianka was " a beautiful person " .
he also fights the freeman children , commenting that they 're " not too little to get dat ass whooped . "
commenting on court tv about the pre - trial release of nearly 200 pages of documents from a hearing on the sexual activities of the accuser in the kobe bryant sexual assault case , jury consultant idgi d'andrea said , " it 's really hard to unring the bell , once that bell has been rung , and ask people to forget what they 've heard . "
carroll was taken off - air after commenting , during an interview with queensland premier peter beattie , that he would have to " reconsider the terms of his contract " ( or similar ) .
currently this solution needs to undergo public commenting as well as fta and cta board approval to continue .
mar 12 additional magistrate jhang prohibits supreme head of ahmadiyya community from commenting on anti - ahmadiyya riots and anti - ahmadiyya movement .
commenting on reid 's exit , windsor has said , " we fell out when i found out he was leaving because it was a shock for me .
they are devoted to their traditional roots , but unafraid to experiment with arrangement , with critics commenting that their music exudes energy and empathy .
the viddler wordpress plug - in enriches a user ’s site 's commenting experience by enabling video comments by either recording from a web cam , or choosing a video already uploaded to viddler.com and makes it quick and easy to post a video to your site from within the wordpress admin .
on thursday , september 20 , 2007 , rather was interviewed on " larry king live " commenting " nobody has proved that they were fraudulent , much less a forgery ....
the opening of the romanian consulates in bălţi and cahul will be beneficial for the moldovan people , who have encountered economic and time - related problems as they have to travel to the consulate in chişinău , " moldova 's foreign minister iurie leancă said , commenting on the băsescu 's decree .
commenting on a completion date , larry silverstein stated " by 2012 we should have a completely rebuilt world trade center more magnificent , more spectacular than it ever was . "
he stirred some controversy after commenting on the 2008 semi - final champions league game between manchester united and barcelona , in which he empathetically contextualised ' simulation ' ( i.e. attempting to trick officials ) , but also prudently reminded of a certain logic of competitive football , in which those who piously follow the formal rules of fifa oftentimes stand lower chances of winning than those who do not .
it is said that the ancient greek philosopher aristippus was once on a ship at sea when he was threatened by pirates ; he took out his money , counted it , and dropped it into the sea , commenting , " better for the money to perish because of aristippus than vice versa .
discussing her early storyline , in which may and rob conspired to steal dawn 's baby , drew stated that the character 's relationship with her husband was " fairly ambiguous " , commenting that ; " it was even difficult for us as actors to decide how clear it was going to come across . "
even the party newspaper , xieng pasason ( voice of the people ) , commenting in june 1990 on the absence of a constitution and a general body of laws , acknowledged that " having no laws is ... a source of injustice and violation , thus leading to a breakdown of social order and peace , the breeding of anarchy , and the lack of democracy . "
upon opening one of their stores at muswell hill , customers were commenting how they had wanted a shop like 99p stores for some time , with very strong sales reported for their first day of trading .
by the time he appeared in his father 's final spectrum release , " outlaws of the range " , such trade publications as " film daily " were commenting on his " fine , natural performance , which should win him a legion of fans . "
" continuing his positive coverage of prismastar , robert scoble posted a video interview -- " -- with prismastar ceo josh tabin to his popular technology blog building43 , where josh tabin demonstrates the power and innovation of prismastar 's patented answeroil technology ; with scoble 's summary commenting that " answeroil offers buyers and sellers what both are looking for : better results . "
ekéké is now based in douala , occasionally commenting on matters regarding the indomitable lions in the local media .
there were times where critiques of the videos were minimal or even nonexistent , an example being kmfdm 's song " a drug against war " , with the duo only commenting on certain details of the music video .
in all cases of reproof , restrictions are imposed , typically prohibiting the individual from sharing in meeting parts , commenting during meetings , and giving group prayers .
when he lost his seat at the end of the first scottish parliament , russell focused on his work as an author and newspaper columnist , commenting on various aspects of scottish culture and scottish politics .
a series of eminent men — such as the ibn tibbons , narboni , gersonides — joined in translating the arabic philosophical works into hebrew and commenting upon them .
commenting on the love triangle between troi on one hand and worf and william riker on the other hand , she thought that troi and worf together just did not feel right , and that she " was glad that she and riker were back together " .
commenting on land 's work on " uncanny x - men " # 510 , brian cronin of comic book resources remarked that the issue " possibly has the most harmful art to a story that i ’ve seen in a comic , " saying that the land 's limited supply of poses and use of the same models for multiple characters " results in terrible art and particularly terrible storytelling . "
" wisden " named him as one of its cricketers of the year , commenting that he had improved his style and footwork .
in 1982 , ball hosted a two - part " three 's company " retrospective , showing clips from the show 's first five seasons , summarizing memorable plotlines , and commenting on her love of the show .
the term is frequently used by political commentator andrew sullivan in reference to republicans when commenting on social issues such as same - sex marriage and abortion .
commenting on the draft for " sports illustrated " in 1978 , swenson said that " the draft is bull ...
eight naked men were reported to have cycled through the parade in the fourth year of the naked cyclists : " all the nudes : overheard at the fremont solstice parade on saturday was a woman spectator commenting : " oh , no .
commenting on tani 's sudden retirement at the height of her popularity in 1979 , dan says , " i went into shock .
commenting on her new role , samantha womack said , " it 's an amazing opportunity for me , i ca n't wait to start causing lots of mischief . "
in an interview with " newsday " , he described leaving the elite order as a bittersweet experience , commenting that being " a jesuit is sort of like being an enlightened waiter at a segregated counter . "
commenting on this testimony , cultural historian z. ornea concludes that , even though the iron guard activist vasile marin was then made a member of the editorial staff , " nobody left , perhaps thinking that this was a temporary tactic " .
she admires iceman , commenting on how cool he is .
thus , commenting on a 1999 turner exhibition , " new york times " art critic roberta smith writes that , in 1966 , " the museum of modern art established the artist 's lush late works ... as precursors of both impressionism and modernist abstraction .
perhaps the most notorious topic : digging the garbage of the rich and famous and then commenting on the cost of the brands they had chosen .
greg prato of allmusic gave the album 3.5 points out of 5 commenting that , despite being 16 years in silence , believer is " automatically back in business .
well acquainted with the vulgate and christian biblical exegesis , joseph , in commenting on psalm ii . , cites jerome , whose explanation of the word he criticizes .
a letter from bohr , commenting on the fact that the amount of energy released when he bombarded uranium atoms was far larger than had been predicted by calculations based on a non - fissile core , had sparked the above inspiration in december 1938 .
mark bozon praised it for being the most addictive of nintendo 's early sports titles , commenting that it was in his nes as often as " super mario bros. 3 " was .
he seems skilled in all the possible black op and special forces tricks and tactics one could ask for , from commenting how he 'd snipe harry down from a thousand yards away if harry cheats him , to being able to take out two denarians with one shot while suspended in a rope cradle from a ceiling .
other groups expect reenactors to stay fully in - character throughout an event , and refrain from commenting on non - period items .
in 1963 , walter cronkite in the national television evening news , commenting on dr. walter russell 's passing , referred to him as " ... the leonardo da vinci of our time . "
commenting on anne frank 's writing style , the dramatist meyer levin commended frank for " sustaining the tension of a well - constructed novel " , and was so impressed by the quality of her work that he collaborated with otto frank on a dramatisation of the diary shortly after its publication .
also in 1955 , duggan was sentenced to ten days in jail for contempt of court after commenting on a divorce case being heard by cook county judge daniel a. covelli .
she plans on making a strong statement for female artists , while commenting on social issues .
commenting on the book , k.n. panikkar has written : " prof .
in addition to robert frank-- of lee friedlander , kertesz , helen levitt , mary ellen mark ( whose work he recused himself from commenting upon — pointlessly — as he printed her classic book , ward 81 ) , and danny lyon .
however , he was heard commenting at a 1970s eaa airshow book signing that if he did have a dog at the time , it would n't have been such " an ugly " dog .
commenting on the case of an irishman killing a chinese worker , after browsing through a law book , he said , " gentlemen , i find the law very explicit on murdering your fellow man , but there 's nothing here about killing a chinaman .
- frontman richard millang commenting on the bands musical style .
these dances often have special meaning , commenting on the prowess of the team , their superior skills , or mocking the other team .
and commenting on the same list , r morton smith also writes : " “
when wrestling boomed in popularity in the 1980s , apter 's ( actually weston 's ) magazines rode the wave , commenting and expanding on the storylines of the world wrestling federation , jim crockett promotions and the american wrestling association in addition to a multitude of smaller companies , plus providing readers with a wealth of exclusive interviews and photographs .
commenting on its purpose , wran said : " we want the arts to take , and be seen to take , their proper place in our social priorities .
shane donaghey of " the people " has compared meyer to hannibal lecter , describing him as " part panto villain , part grim reaper , with a bedside manner of a cruel vet " and commenting that he manages his department " with an iron fist veiled in a concrete glove . "
the archaic language adopted by cleaves was not satisfying to all , and between 1971 and 1985 , igor de rachewiltz published a fresh translation in eleven volumes of the series " papers on far eastern history " accompanied by extensive footnotes commenting not only on the translation but also various aspects of mongolian culture .
chin buggeez called the two her " new favorite " catfight " pairing " , commenting that : " while ruby mendez ( kak joyah ) and anita kimora ( cik saodah ) have had minimal screen time , they ’ve made it count .
they describe him as devious , diabolical , and sinister , commenting that while he may not be a good fighter due to being from a video game without any fighting , they would enjoy seeing him get beaten up .
jim bambra of " white dwarf " reviewed the adventure in the magazine 's " open box " feature and gave it an overall rating of 5/10 , commenting that while presentation of the module was quite good ( 8/10 ) , it seemed to be " hastily thrown together " .
with the release of the film , she got a very tepid reception , the only exceptions being critic bob thomas ( " miss hedren makes an impressive debut " ) and " time " ( " pleasant and ladylike , as grace kelly was . " ) years after the film 's release , she remembered the location work at bodega bay as dangerous and taxing , commenting ,
in commenting on this formulation of the principle , frank pointed out that mach chose the subway for his example because it shows that inertial effects are not shielded ( by the mass of the earth ) : the action of distant masses on the subway - rider 's mass is direct and instantaneous .
the editor of stow 's " a survey of london " added a footnote commenting that
it is implied that the boys are at the school due to an error in social services , with miss thorogood commenting that she is not even sure they have the same inner - city children they were intended to have .
commenting on the phenomenon of shifting nar accounts of the national housing market , the " motley fool " reported , in june 2006 ,
channel 4 called it a " flat - footed attempt to revive the 1930s screwball comedy " but liked the leads , commenting , " the trio 's timing and delivery almost rescue the movie from degenerating into bad farce . "
mega " magazine rated the mega - cd version the number five cd game , commenting that though it lacked difficulty , it was a good showcase of the system .
however , no reunion was forthcoming , with scanlon commenting " after three hours in the pub with him i realised i was better out of it " ..
in week 9 , burke performed rihanna 's hit song " do n't stop the music " and again received positive comments , with louis walsh calling her " the english beyoncé " and cowell commenting " ... we may be seeing the birth of a star here [ ... ] you 've got it all , that was a great performance " .
mccaffrey perhaps laughs at her own early ( and often remarked on ) lack of enthusiasm for formal classes by commenting on sorka ’s loss of interest in " seeing history made " as the colony disembarks to the surface of the planet .
nonetheless , student congress of 2010 is scaling up activities to encompass greater student participation in reviewing community practices and commenting on school events .
writing for the " star tribune " , lee svitak dean recommended the book as a holiday gift for cooks , commenting , " it 's all here , from guacamole and bacon canapés to new england apple and bacon griddlecakes and german fennel and bacon soup . " " no publishing season is complete without a bacon book , " wrote kristen browning - blas of " the denver post " , who noted that joanna pruess 's " seduced by bacon " was released the previous year .
academic brij lal , one of the authors of the constitution , described the charter as " too prescriptive " , commenting that it appeared to aim at creating an unfeasible utopia .
on june 16 , 2009 , brad fuller of dimension films stated that no further developments had taken place , commenting " we keep trying , but i do n't know .
socialist people 's members stated that they had nothing against nominating communist party members , commenting that they had placed communist karl kromann on second place .
she played down this part of her career , commenting in 1979 that prior to that she " had been a writer , a columnist for " life " magazine and for " newsweek " -- that was about as high as you could get in column writing .
in commenting upon as - sam'aanee 's saying , ibn al - athir noted : " and a group were known by this ascription . "
on may 4 , 2009 , ben - horin revealed the tracklist for his album , as well as a progress update on the recording , commenting that the recording is almost done .
commenting on the tracks , vocalist philip labonte stated , " this represents the heavier side of atr .
he railed against washington d.c. , commenting that there was no difference between the two major parties since both supported " intervention oversees , ... in our personal lives ... [ and ] in the marketplace . "
vesely was raised in the san francisco bay area in a musical family and as the son of a professional jazz musician father , commenting that " getting into music was a natural thing " for him .
commenting on his elevation , villeneuve said , " i do not feel at all worthy , but the sovereign pontiff calls me and i go . "
roger ebert of the chicago sun - times gave the film a below - average review , awarding it one and a half stars ( out of four ) , commenting that " of all of the possible ideas about how to handle the elena character , this movie has assembled the worst ones . "
andy gill of " the independent " gave the album three stars out of five , commenting that " williams ' albums have increasingly come to focus upon the singer himself , which has consequently made them less and less appealing to those not entirely smitten with his charms .
" tv guide " , commenting upon the changes made to the original novel by this adaptation , calls the film " an unusually successful adaptation of jane austen 's most famous novel .
respected science fiction writer philip k. dick was greatly impressed with the novel , commenting : " junction " is where ursula le guin 's " the lathe of heaven " and tony boucher 's " the quest for saint aquin " meet ... and yet it is an entirely new novel ... i may very well be basing some of my future work on " junction " . "
this , once again , is hogue commenting on the state of the land and the level of destruction done by people .
in his first bsb season he became the youngest rider ever to start a race on the front row of the grid , and he was the only one of the team 's four 2004 riders to be retained for 2005 - team boss rob mcelnea commenting that " he really did prove himself beyond everyone ’s expectations this year " .
agustin praised the developers for giving vaan a voice actor , commenting that it prevents any awkward silences from a silent protagonist .
commenting on not being in the 2006 chase , he says : “ it lets us have the ability to take chances and try things ... that we 've been wanting to try but just haven't had the luxury to do it .
but kyaw zin thant could not let his friends htoo ye and lin win know about this as he have over spoken about how to treat women and always commenting them their soft spot of giving way to women .
commenting on the function of faith in relation to the covenant of god , the writer of the letter to the hebrews says , " now faith is the assurance of things hoped for , the conviction of things not seen " ( heb 11:1 esv ) . '
commenting : commendation and criticism .
on april 11 , 2007 benkert was quoted commenting on a facility to destroy american and former soviet era nerve gas .
commenting on the settlement , steve jobs , apple ’s ceo said , “ we love the beatles , and it has been painful being at odds with them over these trademarks .
both the film and jang 's performance received praise from critics , with peter y. paik of " the film journal " commenting , " [ jang ] jin - young is utterly convincing in her portrayal of a battered wife , conveying both vulnerability and grit . "
today the broads society has a membership of about 1600 , and it monitors pressures on the unique broads environment , as well as commenting on planning applications .
in a review in " mother jones " , nell bernstein highlighted the sources given for parents at the back of the book , commenting : " help at any cost " winds up with an appendix that helpfully outlines " evidence based " alternatives to the tough - love approach . "
james e. biechler in the " journal of ecumenical studies " , in which he praised ye'or 's work , commenting that " perhaps the single most significant contribution of the author is her definition and development of the concept of ' dhimmitude ' " .
the producers wanted something different for the setting of the show and decided to include a map of the show 's setting in the sequence , commenting : " everyone 's in new york or los angeles .
they again filed for divorce and were granted a final decree of dissolution of marriage on december 29 , 2006 , commenting that the decision was made " mutually and amicably " .
oh , why do n’t you make that develop,’ but i ’m not sure whether in real life it would develop . " ” mccall smith also found that the unfulfilled nature of the relationship was good for the novel , commenting that “ " erotic tension is much sexier than fulfilment " ” and that reading about other people not getting what they want is interesting because “ " it 's the story of all our lives . " ”
however , it did not miss the opportunity of participating in any movement , or commenting on any issue , that was likely to influence the future of india or that of indian muslims .
he was commenting on the growing concerns that the norwegian government was about to renounce the union with sweden .
the other mice laugh , commenting that he is now a " loco satellite . "
fujikawa was named to the central league all - star team for the second straight year , commenting beforee the all - star series that he wanted to " create a baseball world like the one you see in comic books . "
the images also present of sexual desire , ranging from commenting on the girl 's breasts to her thighs and hips .
commenting on the fighting dogma of the ethiopians marshall states , "
commenting on orioles owner peter angelos ' objection to the expos move to washington , eischen said " he 's going to have to suck on it and like it .
autocad lt originated by taking the codebase of autocad and commenting out substantial portions , which allowed autocad and autocad lt to be developed simultaneously .
prior to the outcome of her religious discrimination tribunal case , prime minister tony blair broke from the traditional protocol of not commenting on a case before the courts , and gave his backing for her dismissal .
selene explains that the fairies wish to teach them how to live good and pure lives , while commenting in an aside how attractive they are .
many critics also made reference to the band 's enthusiasm , with rolling stone commenting that " what 's most impressive here is how much they seem to be enjoying themselves -- truly , deeply , gratefully . "
commenting on the lack of sponsorship his show received , cole quipped shortly after its demise , " madison avenue is afraid of the dark . "
just as marx used to say , commenting on the french " marxists " of the late 70s : " all i know is that i am not a marxist . "
ellis has revealed that the novel 's main characters are all still alive in the present day , commenting " there was some supporting cast that i realized was expendable –
commenting on a performance by the grant park orchestra at the jay pritzker pavillion at millennium park chicago il , senior v.p. of wfmt radio steve robinson stated " i have never in my life heard sound projected so faithfully and beautifully over such a great distance ; it was an ethereal experience "
in addition , " starcraft"s pioneering use of three distinct , unique and balanced races over two equal sides was praised by critics , with gamespot commenting that this helped the game to " avoid the problem that has plagued every other game in the genre " .
while he enjoys commenting on human life , most of his statements are false as well , although he has studied humans and knows their ways of getting food .
commenting the hommage of the president of the republic to every victim of terrorism , the former pci giorgio napolitano , he announced " the end of post - war period " , of " the cleavage between the right and the society " , and the " overcoming of the condition of minority " .
steve waugh was recently stated in an article as commenting : " if you do n't help people who are in need , it 's just not cricket " .
the character development has been praised , with one critic commenting : these characters remind us of the different types of people around us .
in his celebrated 1622 " l'academie de l'espee , " the flemish master girard thibault added a chapter commenting on the excellence of fabris ' students , praising the quickness of their feints and suggesting ways to defeat them .
in oct 2008 hollands launched a pie tasting panel to find 15 people to work with hollands on tasting , testing and commenting on new recipes hollands are working on .
