however , as other aspects of the game moved forward , itoi was unable to decide on aspects of the final battle , comparing this technique to how anime director hayao miyazaki directs his films .
by comparing the knowledge given to them before and after ramarren 's reemergence , the joint minds are able to detect the essential dishonesty of the shing 's rule and the fact that the alien conquerors can lie telepathically .
when comparing the “ petal effect ” to the “ lotus effect , ” it is important to note some striking differences .
as the gray area between a pda , smartphone and eda can be blurred when comparing the wide array of common features and functions , where edas attempt to define a difference is within business mobility applications which normally bring a pre - define requirement for long term constant daily operation ( normally allowing a minimum of 8 hours ) , and a higher than normal ingress protection|ip rating ( impact rating / drop test ) of no less than an ip54 rating , when compared to personal digital assistant|pdas , combined with a minimum of a least one data collection function i.e. a barcode or rfid reader etc .
comparing to other projects of dayan , pick , or the trackers , this film did not sale well and did not take central place in the israeli culture .
recently , noble publicly tested an m600 prototype 2 in the usa , comparing its performance with a porsche carrera gt and ferrari enzo .
for example , in one - way , or single - factor anova , statistical significance is tested for by comparing the f test statistic
in a positive review for " rockferry " , american music magazine " billboard " said that " mercy " " is about as summery as summery gets " . " nme " , giving " rockferry " a negative review , had a mixed attitude towards " mercy " , comparing the song 's " austin powers organ " to work by aretha franklin .
a meta - analysis comparing clinical and mechanical prediction efficiency vindicates meehl 's ( 1954 ) claim that mechanical data combination and prediction outperforms clinical combination and prediction .
lord skidelsky also comments that the golden age was substantially more stable – comparing slightly different periods , martin wolf found that in 1945–71 ( 27 years ) the world saw only 38 financial crises , whereas in 1973–97 ( 24 years ) there were 139 .
drums can also read and manipulate magic , comparing it to cheat codes in video games by saying that magic is ' the cheat codes for the world ' .
the link between the forum 's commercial sponsors and the business school can readily be appreciated by comparing the companies listed on esade 's board of trustees and those featured on the forum 's web site .
( actually , this is just a restriction of log " z " , as can be shown by differentiating the difference and comparing values at 1 . )
the outer and inner form of that work were groundbreaking comparing with everything previously composed at the time , with the astoundingly long first movement of 306 bars .
since runs of elements may be prepended to each pile before any other pile is prepended or appended to there is benefit to comparing the next item on the first pile to the top of the second pile , after having output the top element from the pile , to determine if the binary reordering search is needed yet , if not that element can be immediately output and this step repeated .
when analyzing the dutch model , both disadvantages and advantages can be drawn when comparing the results with other countries .
during mating , the exact mating system for these animals is unknown but by comparing to other species in the same genus is can be presumed they are polygynous .
audience ratings have increased since tubridy took on the role of host , with some statistics comparing him to gay byrne 's time as host .
furthermore , he claims that many israelis celebrate the death of lebanese children , comparing this behavior to the biblical story where the israelites celebrate god 's plagues against egypt .
they use a variety of techniques , such as making use of error correction information , knowledge of the peculiarities of different drives , and ripping multiple times and comparing the results .
critical reaction to " ( drawing ) rings around the world " was generally positive with many journalists comparing the song to the work of other groups .
because the software varies in terms of user - friendliness , application , and cost , comparing different programs can be
this can be proven by comparing the restrictions on ( undirected ) dynkin diagrams with the restrictions on coxeter diagrams of finite groups : dynkin diagrams have the additional restriction that the only permitted edge labels are 2 , 3 , 4 , and 6 , which yields the above .
it is even possible , and sometimes a good idea , for a researcher with much knowledge in the studied area to interview herself , treating that interview like any other data , coding and comparing it to other data and generating concepts from it .
his analysis included harsh criticism of the bush administration , comparing the war to the vietnam war .
aside from power loss to the jammer , radar receivers can also benefit from using two or more antennas of differing polarity and comparing the signals received on each .
comparing the structure and techniques of this tower with those designed and constructed by bogardus will find many similarities , especially with the method of bolting joints together .
a subsequent study comparing four prediction rules to physician judgment found that two rules , the one above and also were more accurate than physician judgment because of the increased specificity of the prediction rules .
operation paget investigated the reliability of the post - mortem examinations using dna comparison of the disputed blood sample by comparing a dna profile from it with henri paul 's mother 's dna profile .
he also proposed a system of determining longitude by comparing the local time of a place with an absolute time .
comparing telangana rivers and minerals to sita , he said andhra and rayalaseema region had forcibly taken her away and it was the duty of people of telangana to free sita from “ ravana .
a simile is a figure of speech comparing two unlike things , often introduced with the words " like " or " as " .
notably this paper was perhaps the first statement of the idea ( formulated as a testable hypothesis ) that c ( family effects ) decline with age : comparing 9 - 10 and 13 - 14 year old twin - pairs , and normal siblings born within a few years of one another .
note the effect of black wednesday in late 1992 by comparing the averages for 1992 with the averages for 1993 .
" the church teaches that " [ t]he most reliable way to measure the accuracy of any biblical passage is not by comparing different texts , but by comparison with the book of mormon and modern - day revelations " .
professor peter schickele , in comparing his alter ego , the fictitious composer p. d. q. bach , to johann sebastian 's other sons , said that p.d.q. possessed " the obscurity of johann christoph friedrich . "
for this reason a detailed microclimate study was conducted at the port of redwood city , with the specific goal of comparing meteorological parameters to nearby locations .
however in 2005 chessmetrics ' author , jeff sonas , wrote an article which examined various ways of comparing the strength of " world number one " players , using data provided by chessmetrics , and found that : steinitz was further ahead of his contemporaries in the 1870s than bobby fischer was in his peak period ( 1970–1972 ) ; that steinitz had the third - highest total number of years as the world 's top player , behind emanuel lasker and garry kasparov ; and that steinitz placed 7th in a comparison of how long the great players were ranked in the world 's top three .
by comparing the relative strengths of p2 and p1 , airborne transponders can determine whether or not the antenna is pointing at the aircraft when the interrogation was received .
in 1900 , franz xaver kugler demonstrated that ptolemy had stated in his " almagest " iv.2 that hipparchus improved the values for the moon 's periods known to him from " even more ancient astronomers " by comparing eclipse observations made earlier by " the chaldeans " , and by himself .
the book " digital shock : confronting the new reality " described her as a virtual actress having a " beauty that is ' really ' impressive " , comparing her to video game character lara croft .
when comparing " friday the 13th " to the other top - grossing american horror franchises—"a nightmare on elm street " , " child 's play " , " halloween " , the hannibal lecter series , " psycho " , " saw " , " scream " , and " the texas chainsaw massacre "— and adjusting for the 2009 inflation , " friday the 13th " is the highest grossing horror franchise in the united states , with approximately $ 614 million .
in the early 1930s garvey expressed a strong admiration for benito mussolini and argued that " we were the first fascists " , comparing the mass membership and discipline of mussolini 's folowers to that of his own .
nationmaster is a web site that features a large database of variables for comparing countries .
in the april 2008 issue of " pelit " , columnist tuomas honkala described the implementation of the virtues in ' ( 1985 ) as a gaming experience of unsurpassed depth ; he went on to contrast and decry the current state of video games , comparing it to the first silent movies in that the bulk of the works are consumable entertainment when the medium is proven to have the potential for cultural value and tools of personal growth .
he praised the animation , saying the color palette was " bright and cheerful [ ... ] and a little bit realistic " , and that pixar managed to generate a " curious " regard for the wall - e , comparing his " rusty and hard - working and plucky " design favorably to more obvious attempts at creating " lovable " lead characters .
also , while certain slavic nations such as the czechs and slovaks in the austro - hungarian empire desired russian protection and wanted its dissolution , the poles , comparing their austrian partition to the russian or prussian one , preferred the relative freedom they enjoyed under austrian rule .
norwegian mycologist gro gulden and colleagues concluded that all five represented the same species after comparing the dna sequences of the internal transcribed spacer region of ribosomal dna for various north american and european specimens in " galerina " section " naucoriopsis " .
he often calls rantaro 's class lazy and unproductive , comparing them to his class which seem to do nothing but study all day , thus getting good marks on their tests .
comparing land and sea .
but nixon also admired tuck , comparing the dirty tricks committed by his staffer donald segretti unfavorably to the intelligence and wit behind some of tuck 's political pranks .
by examining the load applied and comparing tables found on astm d 562 , one can find the viscosity in krebs units ( ku ) , unique only to the stormer type viscometer .
modification was made for indian navy requirement ; now standard for all current production , featured zhuk - me radar , rd-33mk engine , combat payload up to 5,500 kg , 13 hardpoints ( inclusive of the multi - lock bomb carriers ) , additional fuel tanks situated in dorsal spine fairing and wing lerxs , increased total fuel capacity by 50% comparing to first variant of mig-29 and updated 4-channel digital fly - by - wire flight control system .
position with iff is determined by comparing antenna dish angle and the delay from the interrogator ( 1,030 mhz ) pulse to the received iff pulses on ( 1,090 mhz ) .
they are routinely identified by comparing reflection intensities and lattice spacings from x - ray powder diffraction data with entries in powder - diffraction fingerprinting databases .
rumford confirmed that no physical change had taken place in the material of the cannon by comparing the specific heats of the material machined away and that remaining were the same .
arab citizens of israel tend to watch both the arab satellite news stations and israeli cable stations and read both arabic and hebrew newspapers , comparing the information against one another .
his course in " comedy on the stage " inspired leonard lehrman to write the paper , " the threepenny cradle , " comparing the brecht - weill " threepenny opera " to marc blitzstein 's " the cradle will rock " .
in comparing these taxonomies , it is evident that many of the dimensions included in the more broad categories of managerial performance are directly related to those behaviors identified by fleishman and colleagues .
this was a mechanical computer that calculated first order differential equations , it provided a fast means of comparing the coordinates of the fall of shot located by sound ranging with the coordinates of the target and hence deduction of a correction to the fall of shot .
hash - based verification ensures that a file has not been corrupted by comparing the file 's hash value to a previously calculated value .
according to the spanish critic adolfo de castro , medrano is the best of the spanish imitators of horace , comparing favorably in that respect with fray luis de léon .
the " iliad " , for instance , contains many such similes comparing fighting warriors to lions attacking wild boars or other prey .
[ it is ] likely that purchasers with any degree of sophistication will be comparing machines on a lifetime cost basis .
gomez tells a story about scaring away crows and their feet , but upsets morticia by accidently comparing her to a goat .
game theorists respond by comparing their assumptions to those used in physics .
this was despite comparing its qualities to those of a boeing 737 , concluding that the micra " had all the toys " .
a study in the march 2005 " annals of emergency medicine , " comparing field intubations that used continuous capnography to confirm intubations versus non - use showed zero unrecognized misplaced intubations in the monitoring group versus 23% misplaced tubes in the unmonitored group .
he responded by comparing the speech to " the tragic connivance at the destruction of czechoslovakia in exchange for the useless appeasement at munich in 1938 " .
comparing him with craufurd , charles oman writes somewhat harshly ,
in april 2009 the boston globe reported that the number of people seeking emergency room care and the cost of emergency room visits increased after the 2006 mandates went into effect ( comparing 2005 to 2007 ) .
however , " α " can also be determined experimentally , notably by measuring the electron spin g - factor " g"e , then comparing the result with the value predicted by quantum electrodynamics .
it is also worth comparing the details of the iliadic story to those of older mesopotamian literature - most notably , the epic of gilgamesh .
his adversary rassvetov ( from russian " rassvet " , the raise of new day ) considered to be " positive " character is a commissar and his portrait is bleak and schematic comparing to character of nomakh .
of gervais ' writing , barbara mitchell of the stranger says that matt is " a master of glorious , sophisticated , swoon - inducing pop , " comparing him to rufus wainwright .
in mid-2001 , 18.4% of the resident population in kelowna were of retirement age ( 65 and over for males and females ) compared with 13.2% in canada , therefore , the average age is 41.1 years of age comparing to 37.6 years of age for all of canada .
the alleged ringleader gave sermons comparing the canadian countryside to chechnya , and calling for victory over " rome " , which prosecutors alleged was a reference to canada .
in some instances commentators have used the term " quote mining " , comparing the practice of others with creationist quote mining .
this can involve comparing the dense atmospheres of earth and saturn 's moon titan , the evolution of outer solar system objects at different distances from the sun , or the geomorphology of the surfaces of the terrestrial planets , to give only a few examples .
in comparing the israel lobby to the nra , glenn frankel concludes that " nevertheless , the israel lobby , and aipac in particular , gained a reputation as the national rifle association of foreign policy : a hard - edged , pugnacious bunch that took names and kept score .
keilhoff et al . ( 2006 ) performed a study comparing the nerve regeneration capacity of non - differentiated and transdifferentiated mscs to schwann cells in devitalized muscle grafts bridging a 2-cm gap in the rat sciatic nerve .
on may 21 , 2008 the popular and largest dutch newspaper " de telegraaf " headed an article about parliament 's condemnation of the arrest with a quote of a right wing member of parliament comparing it to practices in former east - germany . "
the term comes from the tree model of language origination in historical linguistics , which makes use of a metaphor comparing languages to people in a biological family tree or in a subsequent modification to species in a phylogenetic tree of evolutionary taxonomy .
the sonnet praises bowles 's abilities as a poet while comparing him to other poets .
speaking in qatar , former u.s. president bill clinton strongly criticized the danish cartoons , comparing historical anti - semitism in europe with anti - islamic feeling today : " so now what are we going to do ? ... replace the anti - semitic prejudice with anti - islamic prejudice ? "
in training camp , saints receiver joe horn dubbed him " baby matrix " because of his seemingly impossible evasive maneuvers ( apparently comparing him to the movie " the matrix " , which features characters who move faster than humanly possible to dodge bullets ) .
the one - page summary for the cabinet ( to which sir frank refers as the “ janet and john bit ” ) makes the case by comparing similar jobs in industry , namely the directors of bp and ibm .
comparing this find with other similar discoveries from contemporary cultures in isaiia and poduri , scholars developed a theory that the tableau taken in its setting , being buried beneath the floor of the sanctuary , and with the four figurines facing outward to the four cardinal directions , represented a means to protect the sanctuary and settlement from evil .
a year and a half later he was comparing the u.s. deficit with argentina 's ( at a time when it was 4.5 percent of gdp ) .
in this example , we are comparing a salary with a tax limit , and jumping to one of three program locations depending on the respective values .
in comparing interpolation methods , the first consideration should be whether or not the source data will change ( exact or approximate ) .
studies of both the resulting plant community as well as experiments comparing dispersal ability of the post - invasion ant communities have demonstrated that the argentine ant is capable of altering animal and plant communities through disruption of the mutualism .
in personal genomics and personalized medicine , we are concerned with comparing the genomes of different humans .
comparing the bones in the upper forelimb gives a similar result .
these bottom brackets require further facing or machining of the bottom bracket shell , and it is worth comparing the cost of having a whole new bottom bracket shell brazed in ( for a steel frame ) , especially if the frame is in need of a re - paint anyway .
studies show that the epoc effect exists after both anaerobic exercise and aerobic exercise , but all studies comparing the two show that anaerobic exercise increases epoc more than aerobic exercise does .
one must note however when comparing the.300 rum and the.300 weatherby magnum the difference in factory loadings .
main landing gear was also shifted rearwards , comparing with yak-12 .
real - time evidence may come from a longitudinal study of a population or by replicating a study conducted at some relatively distant time and comparing the observations to those previously published .
the term tends to be used quite a bit when comparing computer hardware .
studies comparing the effectiveness of mohs surgery to other modalities often fail to specify surgical margin , method of processing ( bread loafing with 3 or 4 sections , bread loafing with 0.1 mm spacing , margin controlled , frozen section vs. standard histology ) ; leaving little argument one way or another .
the triviality here is that nobody except the ultra right - wing jingoists like kaplan are comparing atrocities by various countries .
by comparing the hsqc of the free protein with the one bound to the ligand , it is possible to find the changes in the chemical shifts of the peaks , which is most likely to occur in the binding interface .
the streets have no name ' transported into the land of cyberpunk " , comparing parts of the song to the techno and metallic music genres . "
many perceived the comments to be comparing poor , mostly african - american children to gorillas .
this meant comparing notes , implementation and success stories .
this can be heard by comparing " writer " with " rider " ( for the sake of simplicity , canadian raising is not taken into account ) .
in the sixties , the archaeologist emmanuel anati , among the first to systematically study the area , drew up a chronology of rock carvings , comparing the style and the types of symbols as to identify possible correlations with the traditional historical periodization , from prehistory to the middle ages .
in december 2005 the journal " nature " conducted a single - blind study comparing the accuracy of a sample of articles from wikipedia and encyclopædia britannica .
" at the same time , it should be noted that local troop concentrations for battle could sometimes be quite substantial , comparing favorably with the numbers available in smaller european states .
the scoreline was 1 - 0 , franz beckenbauer scoring for west germany , but as hugh mcilvanney wrote in his match report for " the observer " : " comparing this miserable hour and a half ( in which fouls far outnumbered examples of creative football ) with the last great meeting between the countries is entirely fatuous .
this works by examining the content of the computer 's memory ( its ram , and boot sectors ) and the files stored on fixed or removable drives ( hard drives , floppy drives ) , and comparing those files against a database of known virus " signatures " .
gamepro editor dave rudden called it one of the coolest games at the ces , comparing it to the " metroidvania " genre , which is a combination of the styles of " metroid " and " castlevania " , as well as video games such as " contra " .
the book has also been criticized for its victim - perspective , normally unsuitable for scholarly works , unfavourably comparing it with a more recent book of detlef brandes .
comparing laws in the various forms of government , shcherbatov pointed out the advantage of the monarchy , which , having its solid established laws could provide for its citizens ' security for their lives , property and tranquility .
after prince henry 's death winniffe became chaplain to prince charles , but on 7 april 1622 , when the spaniards were overrunning the palatinate , he gave offence by a sermon denouncing gondomar , and comparing spinola with the devil .
thus , by comparing the integrals of each peak observed in a proton nmr spectrum , one can determine composition of an arbitrary analyte mixture .
philip french of " the observer " recommended the film , comparing the rivalry between the two main characters to that of mozart and salieri in the highly acclaimed " amadeus " .
he carried out a various number of procedures comparing what people thought was the heaviness of lifted weights .
then , comparing the angular expansion with the known expansion velocity , the distance to the nebula can be calculated .
crouse et al conducted a genetic analysis comparing haplotypes in mitochondrial dna to identify barriers in gene flow .
after rick santorum , then a united states senator from pennsylvania , made comments to a reporter comparing homosexual sex to bestiality and incest , savage assailed santorum in his column .
business week editor chris buffa praised the boss battle with ridley in ' , comparing it to the battle between gandalf and the balrog , which was cited by a developer as inspiration for the battle .
in comparing knowledge and product value , amidon ( 1997 ) observes that knowledge about how to produce products may be more valuable than the products themselves .
eventually , house comes in and verbally spars with the girl , comparing their relative misfortunes .
comparing coefficients in series .
note that the ritt ordering is comparing the rank of p and q. the rank , denotey by rank(p ) , of a non - constant polynomial p is defined to be a power of
when xavier finally began developing cerebro , he used sage to beta test it , comparing the readings of the device to the readings achieved with sage 's own mutant power .
the main change comparing to the classical rough sets is the substitution of the indiscernibility relation by a dominance relation , which permits to deal with inconsistencies typical to consideration of criteria and preference - ordered decision classes .
though certainly an underdog in her 1994 attempt for the u.s. senate , she ran an aggressive campaign in the republican primary against congressman rod grams , comparing grams , a former news reporter , to bumbling fictional tv anchor ted baxter from the minnesota - based tv program the mary tyler moore show .
by comparing the varying heights of the tallest pyramids in mexico and egypt with visočica hill , he concluded that the pyramids were all built by the same people , with the bosnian pyramid being the last to be built .
in the class trial comparing celebrex 800 mg / day to ibuprofen 2400 mg / day and diclofenac 150 mg / day for osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis for six months , celebrex was significantly associated with fewer upper gastrointestinal complications ( 0.44% vs. 1.27% , p=0.04 ) , with no significant difference in incidence of cardiovascular events in patients not taking aspirin for cardiovascular prophylaxis .
there , prime minister menachem begin authorized their permanent admission to israel , comparing their plight to that of european jewish refugees seeking a haven in the 1930s .
it is most often used when comparing statistical models that have been fit to a data set , in order to identify the model that best fits the population from which the data were sampled .
quite frequently , new numerical or computational techniques are verified by comparing their result with those of existing well - established numerical methods .
this can be seen by comparing the dates when egypt 's 30 dynasties began and ended from two different egyptologists : the first writing in 1906 , the second in 2000 .
eratosthenes first calculated the radius of the earth in about 230 bc by comparing shadows in wells during the summer solstice .
the likelihood ratio is a statistic derived by comparing the odds that the evidence ( expert testimony of a match ) would be found if the defendant was the source with the odds that it would be found if defendant was not the source .
comparing these gives a differential equation for the function formula_51 defined by the series ,
although auerbach explicitly states in his essay that he chose the particular texts of the odyssey and the old testament because of their subsequent influence on western literature , some scholars have questioned whether he may also have had political motivations for writing a piece comparing a sacred jewish text to the odyssey , perhaps by using it as an analogy for the conflict between judeo - christian tradition and the aryan nazism flourishing in europe at the time of mimesis’ writing .
comparing the performance of water and sanitation service providers ( utilities ) is needed , because the sector offers limited scope for direct competition ( natural monopoly ) .
in principle , a game master can balance the power of foes to the abilities of the player characters by comparing their relative point values .
citing marina hyde 's article ( see above ) , hari also accused littlejohn of being obsessed with homosexuality , of joking about gay - bashing and the murder of homosexuals , and of comparing homosexuality with paedophilia and extreme fetishes .
fanning agreed , saying " we would never try and preach , we would only ever try and suggest things to people as possibilities . " , comparing the band to midnight oil , especially its lead singer - turned politician and activist , peter garrett .
then the cameras were adjusted to appear identical on picture monitors , by alternately switching between and comparing the monoscope image and the test card image .
after victoria 's death , commentators discussed the history of child protection and the various abuse and death cases , noting that there have been 70 public inquiries into child abuse since 1945 , and comparing victoria 's case with that of many others , especially that of maria colwell in 1973 .
" the times " reviewer joe joseph remarked that rudgley 's " revelations " of how stone age people and " barbarians " were clever , and how " we were all pagans once " were statements of the obvious , and how " richard rudgley 's defence of the ancient pagans was based on the flimsiest of evidence " , comparing the presenter to " the bar - room cleverdick who has a trick question ... just for the sake of being right on a technicality . "
eleven of the non - validity scales were selected by comparing responses from various groups of people .
the sequence identity between fam homologs is higher than 90% when comparing the homologs of " xenopus " , zebrafish , mouse , and human , suggesting that this might also be conserved among other organisms .
stuart and campbell would later fall out over stuart 's belief that campbell was exaggerating the danger of q - ship service , stuart comparing his own life favourably with service in the trenches .
the rate of this energy loss ( " gravitational damping " ) can be measured , and since it depends on the speed of gravity , comparing the measured values to theory shows that the speed of gravity is equal to the speed of light to within 1% .
in 2003 , alan hurst , the local member of parliament denounced an internet land scheme for selling land in stisted as if for development , comparing it to a " champagne auction " .
they claim that at the time hubbard began claiming the e - meter to be an accurate and precise instrument for detecting mental tension , no attempt had been made to scientifically validate this hypothesis by comparing the e - meter readings of individuals under tension to the readings of a control group .
the validity of the latter claim may be weighed by comparing cook 's map of his alleged 1906 route versus reality , over the last 10 miles .
comparing practical solutions with the optimal solution .
they have also cited their dislike of people comparing " family guy " to their show .
the habit of comparing him unfavourably to william cecil was continued by conyers read in 1925 : " leicester was a selfish , unscrupulous courtier and burghley a wise and patriotic statesman " .
the work can appear moralizing at points , perhaps implicitly comparing the values of germanic tribes and those of his roman contemporaries , although any direct comparison between rome and germania is not explicitly presented in the text .
in an august 2009 interview at helmand province , yon re - iterated his belief that the afghani taliban are stronger than the nato presence , comparing the situation to " apocalypse now " .
a pooled analysis of studies comparing milnacipran and ssris concluded a superior efficacy for milnacipran with similar tolerability for milnacipran and ssris .
critics had minor grouses with the game 's quality when comparing to its contemporaries .
borbidge and liberal leader joan sheldon failed initially to make much headway against the goss government , with some disgruntled nationals comparing borbidge unfavourably to bjelke - petersen .
volcanic rocks are usually classified by comparing the relative amount of alkalis ( na2o and k2o ) with the amount of silica ( sio2 ) .
although the indian economy has grown steadily over the last two decades ; its growth has been uneven when comparing different social groups , economic groups , geographic regions , and rural and urban areas .
recently there has been some new research into how to treat physical trauma by comparing the different practices and experiences in these military conflicts .
the following is a table of distinctive phonological and grammatical features , comparing the values found in the maleshevo and blagoevgrad - petrich dialects with standard bulgarian , standard macedonian and two other neighbouring western bulgarian dialect areas .
this can be useful when comparing materials that have similar properties and power consumptions , but one is more abrasive and thus decreases the tool life .
in a comparison of swiss universities by and a ranking published by comparing the universities of german - speaking countries , eth traditionally is ranked first in natural sciences , computer science and engineering sciences .
comparing engines on the dynamometer , a typical even - fire v6 shows instantaneous torque peaks of 150% above mean torque and valleys of 125% below mean torque , with a small amount of negative torque ( engine torque reversals ) between power strokes .
through comparing the skull anatomies of " jagorina pandora " with those of antiarchs , the rhenanids are considered to be the sister group of the antiarchs ( together with their respective acanthothoracid relatives ) .
he portrays profound emotions by using intense colors , comparing motion with stasis , and contrasting lean and plump figures .
this method is also sometimes used in the preparation of mineral and rock specimens for transmission electron microscopy and allows greater accuracy in comparing features using both optical and electron imaging .
in contrast , the puromycin dna spacer linker used in mrna display technology is much smaller comparing to a ribosome .
he currently contributes to , a web site comparing and contrasting various worldviews .
johnson is a popular historian and his first documentary series , " the dream of rome " , comparing the roman empire and the modern - day european union , was broadcast in 2006 .
the goal of toptenreviews is to give information on products and save consumers time and money by comparing them first .
early eeg studies comparing autistic subjects to control subjects revealed differences in early brain auditory - evoked responses ( baers ) .
by comparing how often the twin of a set has the same disorder between fraternal and identical twins , scientists can see if there is more of a nature or nurture effect .
" oxygen demand in coastal marine sediments : comparing in situ microelectrodes and laboratory core incubations .
the academic record of connections academy in other states was called " spotty " by the oregonian in 2005 , comparing the 1:50 teacher : student ratio to the 1:20 ratio of the clackamas web academy .
vincent price stated in a 1987 interview with david del valle that the original script was a camp musical , comparing it to " little shop of horrors " .
comparing the year from april 2007 to that which started in april 2002 , passenger numbers at the docks station have increased by 136% while those at the town station have increased by 14% and at penmere have increased by 17% .
brian eno included four watercolor prints of schmidt 's work with the first edition of his lp before and after science and famously wrote in its liner notes : " apart from our collaboration on this record , peter and i have been working together and comparing notes for some time .
at harvard , she made a major discovery while comparing the lungs of infants who had died of rds to those of healthy animals . "
he also travelled widely , something that can be overlooked when comparing him to other great horses .
" utip " is also noted for replacing the established gini coefficient with the theil index as the measurement of choice for comparing inequality between groups , regions and countries .
comparing sonnet sequences .
make decides whether a target needs to be regenerated by comparing file modification times .
the program 's work includes studying promising practices in action , comparing them to other practices , relating them to relevant research , and analyzing key features that appear to contribute to successful outcomes .
on 26 january 1966 after the declaration of independence , van der byl was willing to be quoted saying that rhodesian army troops would follow a ' scorched earth ' policy should the united kingdom send in troops , comparing their position to that of the red army when nazi forces invaded the soviet union in 1941 .
comparing with human milk , cow ’s milk has a signifactly lower levels of lysozyme and lactoferrin ; therefore , the industry has an increasing interest in adding them into infant formulas .
buddha 's teachings on emptiness has been mentioned in relationship to quantum physics , although there are important differences that are brought up by victor mansfield when comparing geshe kelsang 's traditional buddhist approach in " heart of wisdom " to einstein 's .
the turing test is based on the assumption that human beings can judge a machine 's intelligence by comparing its behaviour with human behaviour .
more detailed textual criticism , comparing vocabulary , writing styles , and so forth , is seen , by critical scholars , to support the idea that both the colophons , and the introductions , mark the borders between works originating from different writers , except for leviticus 6:1 .
• contrastive analysis : comparing two languages to predict where learning will be facilitated and hindered .
quentin tarantino has stated that he enjoyed " showgirls " , referring to it as the " only [ ... ] other time in the last twenty years [ that ] a major studio made a full - on , gigantic , big - budget exploitation movie " , comparing it to " mandingo " .
for her doctoral studies , she specialized in planetary geology and volcanology and completed her ph.d. in planetary science in 1986 with a thesis on comparing volcanic processes on earth and mars .
by comparing both modern khmer and angkorian khmer numbers to those of other eastern mon - khmer ( or khmero - vietic ) languages such as pearic , proto - viet - muong , katuic , and bahnaric ; it is possible to establish the following reconstructions for proto - khmer .
when li mi arrived , emperor xuanzong was playing go with the high level official zhang shuo the duke of yan , and zhang , wanting to test the child , asked to make up a poem comparing go to life and recite it .
however , the very possibility of implementing such an operator highly constrains the number type ( for example , one ca n't compare an integer with a complex number ) , and actually only comparing integers with integers and reals with reals makes sense .
domain motions can be inferred by comparing structures of a protein in different environments , or directly observed using spectra measured by neutron spin echo spectroscopy .
in 2006 , belgian exports to turkey increased by 9,4% ( € 1,88 billion ) , whereas turkish exports to belgium increased 6,8% ( € 1,06 billion ) comparing to 2005 .
in many of his interviews approaching the start of his run , he stated that he always wanted to work on superman , and also with writer geoff johns , comparing the two of them as hal jordan and oliver queen .
the tkof has no physical meaning or scientific basis and is strictly used as a figure of merit for comparing cartridges .
adele , comparing herself to amy winehouse and duffy , said " i think amy is hardcore , "
of these , certain so - called transitional dialects and hybrid dialects often bridge the gaps between different languages , showing similarities that do not stand out when comparing slavic literary ( i.e. , standard ) languages .
a traditional owner from the adnyamathana people has also expressed unhappiness with the approval , comparing it to the " stolen generation " practises of past australian governments .
eap is planning that focuses on the development of matrixes for comparing and analyzing data , applications , and technology .
with stephen fleck and other collaborators , he launched a long - term study comparing 17 schizophrenic patients and their families with 17 non - schizophrenic hospitalized patients and their families .
later developments by tektronix included the development of multiple - trace oscilloscopes for comparing signals either by time - multiplexing ( via chopping or trace alternation ) or by the presence of multiple electron guns in the tube .
further , he disputed the innocence of those working in the world trade center , comparing the role of financial workers in " ongoing genocidal american imperialism " to the role played by adolf eichmann in organizing the holocaust .
following a september 2007 mccaughey " wall street journal " op - ed column attacking the american cancer society 's access to care initiative , libertarian economist john goodman , co - founder and president of the conservative national center for policy analysis ( ncpa ) , asked mccaughey to expand her op - ed into a " ncpa brief analysis " giving her calculations of cancer " survival rates " from cancer mortality and incidence statistics from a " nber working paper " by republican free - market economist june o'neill and mccaughey 's analysis of a " lancet oncology " article comparing estimated five - year relative survival rates for sixteen types of cancer in parts of europe and the united states .
for example , it is possible in this manner to construct a permutation t - test , a permutation chi - squared test of association , a permutation version of aly 's test for comparing variances and so on .
praise was also given to the lyrics , comparing the lyric sheet to a ' group therapy session ' and calling the end result ' transcendent '
in comparing this film to " capote " , david thomson of " the independent " asked , " what does it have that 's different ? ... [ it ] has a gallery of truman capote 's manhattan friends , people who adored him without ever quite trusting him ...
he proposed , by comparing the text of the vulgate with that of the oldest greek manuscripts , to restore the greek text as received by the church at the time of the council of nice .
comparing to 2002 , the total sales has increased by 91.8% while the net profit has increased by 1284.4% .
cunard completed a design for a new class of , 2,000 passenger liners on 8 june 1998 , but revised them upon comparing those specifications with carnival cruise lines ' " destiny " class cruise ships and royal caribbean 's " voyager " class .
when spectators’ become deindividuated , their self - awareness plummets and they cease comparing their behavior against these standards , the consequence being increased responsively to situational forces .
the time interleaving of atsc - m / h is 1 second comparing to dvb - h 100 - 200msec .
the research typically involves comparing how international law or the law of a particular country addresses the question and offering a variety of possible solutions .
in addition to population and changes thereof , comparing damage historically is subject to changes in wealth and inflation .
comparing to 2003 .
a lifelong londoner , she enjoys walking through the areas she describes in her books - bethnal green , clerkenwell and along the river thames - comparing the city of london as it is now to how it was at various times in the past .
kessler has inflamed the controversy by publicly comparing kosher slaughter to the methods used by nazis in concentration camps , but denies that his motives are , in fact , anti - semitic . "
this technique is good for finding edits in graphical images , or for comparing an image with a compressed version to spot artifacts .
by comparing these symptoms with those of previously corrected software flaws , a developer is able to determine the most probable cause and take an effective course of action .
the cctv system , operated by the johannesburg metropolitan police department ( jmpd ) , is also able to detect stolen or hijacked vehicles by scanning the number plates of every vehicle traveling through the central business district ( cbd ) , then comparing them to the enatis database .
as such , it provides a comprehensive means for evaluating and comparing products rather than prescriptive measures of individual product characteristics .
its a useful number for comparing competing companies in the same industry .
animal spot is a set of display cases , some comparing different animals ' bones and other their skin types .
odorant concentrations scaled in either gg / m³ or oue / m³ are n’t convincing while comparing different emissions of different plants .
it reviewed seven studies comparing npwt with moistened dressings and other topical agents in a total of 205 patients with chronic wounds .
william edward arnal and michel robert desjardins in their " whose historical jesus ? " ( 1997 ) cites the book while comparing the different hypotheses on the " qumranites " , citing other scholars such as james h. charlesworth ( " jesus and the dead scrolls " , 203 ) who judges that the qumranites were one of the essenes groups , and hartmut stegemann . "
he also complimented the game 's versatility , comparing it to " populous " and " black & white " .
looking at this point , a study done by dr. benjamin c. warf comparing different shunt systems and highlighting the role of a low cost shunt system in most of the developing countries .
he noted that state legislatures were invested with all powers not specifically defined in the constitution , but also said that having the federal government subservient to various state constitutions would be an inversion of the principles of government , comparing
a different ranking becomes apparent when comparing county areas by " land area " alone as opposed to " total area " .
comparing these two compositions , martini 's martinella consists of two nearly equal sections , like the majority of his secular works .
by comparing cad28476 with a related zinc finger protein in a local sequence alingment using lalign , the amino acids his359 , cys381 and cys384 could be attributed to the zinc finger domain .
for example , studies of road accident victims found that those wearing seat belts were 80% less likely to suffer serious injury or death in a collision , but data comparing rates for those collisions involving two front - seat occupants of a vehicle , one belted and one unbelted , show a measured efficacy only around half that .
lander et al . conducted another experiment in 1987 comparing the kneeling chair with a conventional chair and concluded that their experimental data " do not support the manufacturer 's claim that the balans chair is likely to decrease complaints of [ lower - back pain ] " .
ign editors phil pirrello and christopher monfette described him as being more communist than vladimir lenin , the first head of state of the soviet union , also comparing him to italian philosopher and writer niccolò machiavelli .
clint morris , founder of moviehole.net , stated the series was " still finding its feet in season one " ; although , he commended the acting , citing specifically michael rosenbaum 's " uncontrollably likeable lex luthor " . " the free - lance stars rob hedelt commended the casting as well , comparing welling 's portrayal of a teenage clark kent to that of christopher reeve 's portrayal in the films .
[ 4 ] which detailed microarray work comparing gene expression at sub - optimal , optimal and supra - optimal temperatures and pressure for strains ss9 , 3tck and dsj4 .
finally , inserting this relation in the response equation for the ks system and comparing
chinese students themselves , comparing the netherlands to the united states , state that the netherlands offers a peaceful and not - particularly - challenging life , but fewer opportunities ; one popular saying among them is that excellent students find the netherlands too small to fulfill their ambitions , and leave of their own volition , while average and below - average students are forced out of the country entirely .
at one point , captain black pressures milo into depriving major major of food based on fabricated charges by comparing the situation to catch-22 .
later in the day white house spokesman tony snow told cnn 's larry king that bush was comparing recommendations " by the iraq study group with pending studies by the joint chiefs of staff and national security council .
hardiman has been an outspoken critic of clinics using stem cell therapy to treat neurological diseases , claiming it is " only at a very basic stage , even the animal experiments have not been proven " , and comparing those offering the treatments to " 19th century carpetbaggers " .
comparing a piece of type in didots for continental european countries – 12 dd , say – to a piece of type for an english - speaking country –
combat was resolved by means of dice rolling , and then comparing the results to the attacks listed for their particular wych .
after comparing viruses from the hong kong 1997 h5n1 outbreak , one amino acid change ( n66s ) was found in the pb1-f2 sequence at position 66 that correlated with pathogenicity .
the gases are examined by comparing the rate of loss of heat from the heating coils into the gas .
ironcally comparing it with the film 's title .
