coldfusion primarily competes with php and asp .
gastão elias ( born november 10 , 1990 , in caldas da rainha ) is a portuguese men 's professional tennis player that competes in the atp world tour .
it competes with a few other suburbs for top spot in the rankings of highest average household incomes in canada .
the school used to compete in the smaller groups ( i and ii ) , but since the population has expanded in the past twenty - five years , it competes in the group iii category .
he mainly competes in the 3000 m steeplechase , where his personal best is 8:04.22 minutes .
the ice hockey program competes in the atlantic hockey association in men 's hockey and the division iii ecac east division in women 's ice hockey .
the school currently competes athletically in the 6b conference with superior , missoula loyola , valley christian , darby and florence .
macau has a national rugby union side , which competes in international competitions , and there is also macau rugby club , which takes part in various competitions .
yang competes today on the atp challenger tour and the atp world tour , both in singles and doubles .
the character competes in competitions for extra money and horse breeds .
for four days each team competes in activities , athletics , and various competitions , ultimately leading up to the final evening , which is once again , banquet and sing .
the show competes with wluk - tv ( channel 11 ) 's " living with amy " in that market .
bethel college offers 17 sports , as well as cheerleading and competes in the mid - central conference of national association of intercollegiate athletics division 1 ( basketball division 2 ) as well as the national christian college athletic association .
sf racing team galatasaray is the superleague formula racing team of galatasaray sk , a multisports club , famous for its football section that competes in turkey in the süper lig .
rankin holds the position of california / western united states regional scout for the kootenay ice , a hockey team that competes in the western hockey league .
she competes for the dutch national team since 2007 .
this route now competes with flybe who fly to birmingham .
the corps competes currently in byba division 1 and dce open class .
wales competes in the european championships , world championships , commonwealth games and the thomas and uber cup world team championships .
fc sportist svoge ( ) is a bulgarian football club from the town of svoge , which currently competes in the bulgarian a professional football group .
in contrast to marriott 's other extended - stay brand , the low - cost towneplace suites , residence inn competes in the upper moderate to low upscale segment , along with intercontinental 's staybridge suites , hyatt 's summerfield suites , and homewood suites by hilton .
he currently competes in the middleweight division .
the school competes in the division 3 section of the wisconsin interscholastic athletic association ( wiaa ) in most sports .
he runs every distance from 1500 m to 10,000 m , but mainly competes in 5,000 m , where he has won international medals .
men 's lacrosse competes in the deep south conference while the men 's and women 's swim team are members of the bluegrass mountain conference .
rsc anderlecht competes in the belgian league and cup in season 2009 - 10 .
hair cuttery competes with supercuts , fantastic sams , sport clips , great clips and several other franchised hair salon businesses .
he competes in the bantamweight division .
their only junior team currently competes in the galway & district league first division .
canberra football club is an australian football ( soccer ) club from the city of canberra that competes in the act competitions including the act premier league .
newberry college , located in newberry , sc , is a liberal arts institution that competes in the ncaa division ii and sponsors 16 intercollegiate sports .
he is primarily known for the pivotal role he played in establishing the north melbourne football club , which now competes in the australian football league .
the jazz program also includes a seven - piece jazz combo which performs and competes both alongside and independent of the jazz ensemble .
valencia high school competes in the foothill league , one of the most competitive leagues in all
the winthrop eagles basketball team represents winthrop university in rock hill , south carolina and competes in the big south conference .
young harris competes in baseball , softball , tennis , soccer , golf , and cross country .
the school competes at the varsity level in a variety of sports , with a particularly well - known track - and - field program , which won state titles in 2004 and 2005 .
the total cumulative points each team earns in the three contests in which it competes determine standings .
in others , it competes with shoppers drug mart or i.d.a. pharmacies .
rogers competes in the mississippi 8 conference , consisting of 8 other central minnesota schools .
he competes in the 100 metre sprint , and wins .
moreover , domestic water supply competes with a rising demand for water by the expanding industry and agriculture sectors .
the school competes in region 2 , class 3a in football , and district 4 , class a / aa in all other sports .
the psv eindhoven racing team competes in the superleague formula .
north heidelberg football club , an australian rules football team , competes in the northern football league .
virginia tech 's women 's soccer is now a college soccer program that competes in ncaa division i and the coastal division of atlantic coast conference .
in california , the restaurant chain competes directly coco 's bakery / carrows restaurants .
lusitânia futebol clube lourosa is a portuguese football club that competes in the portuguese second division .
the college competes through the ' metropolitan catholic colleges sports association ' .
the team represents the nation in international competition and competes in the bi - annual european baseball championship .
currently the conference competes at the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ) division i level in athletics , with the football teams playing in the football championship subdivision ( fcs ) .
the university participates in the ncaa 's division i - a and in the big ten conference in all varsity sports except ice hockey , which competes in the central collegiate hockey association .
kenta bell ( born march 16 , 1977 in kilgore , texas ) is an american track and field athlete who competes mainly in the triple jump .
the rocket competes in the usli competition hosted by nasa , in which the rocket must carry a payload one mile into the atmosphere .
for football , umass competes in the colonial athletic association ( caa ) , a conference of the division i football championship subdivision ( fcs ; known as division i - aa before the 2006 season ) .
the station broadcasts two local newscasts a day at 6 p.m. and at 11 p.m. it competes with its univision sister station kbnt for news at the same time .
the senior team currently competes in division 3 of the aib league .
he competes with valeria zenkova .
she currently competes in the ticket to ride ( world snowboard tour ) , where she currently lies in 2nd position in the female competition .
excess uracil competes with 5-fu for dpd , thus inhibiting 5-fu catabolism .
wkys competes with rival rhythmic crossover station wpgc - fm easily .
an accountant by training , he competes as an amateur athlete in wheelchair races of all distances .
matti markowski competes in distances from the 5000 m up to the half marathon with the 10000 m being his favourite distance .
he is a dual olympic gold medalist who formally competed for australia but now competes for the united states .
in 2007 , groenewold joined team dsb bank , which is a women 's professional cycling team that competes in international and uci women 's road world cup events .
maccabi tel aviv sports club was founded in 1906 and competes in more than 10 sports .
beijing guoan superleague formula team was the racing team of beijing guoan , a football team that competes in china in the chinese super league .
while classified by mazda as a mid - sized wagon , it competes with other vehicles classed as compact mpvs in europe , and is viewed as a mini - minivan in the united states .
identifying strange as a major threat , dormammu allies himself baron mordo ( a former pupil of strange 's master , the ancient one ) and after another abortive battle with strange competes with the sorcerer in a series of confrontations , culminating in single combat with the cosmic entity eternity .
this model competes with the concept of probability waves , though it is numerically identical .
the epa answers to various groups , competes for resources , and confronts a wide array of harms to the environment .
natalia murinovich ( born may 27 , 1985 ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for russia .
duke university offers 26 ncaa division i sporting teams and competes in the acc .
at the present time , goeters competes full - time in the nascar corona series in mexico .
the club competes in the romanian basketball division a. as other sports teams that were initially part of the parent sports club , u cluj , for historical reasons , the club still keeps the name u ( short form of universitatea ) in its name .
the following season , butler and member school valparaiso moved up to ncaa division i - aa ( now division i fcs ) to join with dayton , drake , evansville , and san diego to form the pioneer football league , in which butler still competes .
since then however , the winner of each nation of the uk sends separate representatives to the miss world pageant , the highest ranking of the four delegates is then named miss united kingdom , and competes at the miss international pageant the following year under the " britain " or " united kingdom " banner .
the first team competes in division 1 ( central & east ) and the second team in the senior reserve division .
otago currently competes in the plunket shield first class competition , the unamed one day domestic series and the hrv cup .
this service is exclusive to fiat india only.<ref name="www.italiaspeed.com/2009 " > the fiat linea competes with mid size sedans like the all new honda city , ford fiesta 1.6s , hyundai verna and the maruti suzuki sx4 .
the club was established in 1968 and currently competes in the división de honor b competition , the second level of spaish club rugby .
he is the father of patrick who competes in natural track luge .
the school competes in the ihsa as part of the midland trail conference .
the team competes in the 7-team western lacrosse association ( wla ) .
texas wesleyan university competes in the naia , and were the 2006 naia div .
he competes for cardiff aac , his personal best triple jump is 16.33 metres .
he competes with ekaterina bobrova .
ancillae 's successful sports program competes in the catholic academy league ( c.a.l ) .
the team competes in two major races every two years .
the program competes in aspect of military drill , physical fitness and academics .
the winner of the kijhl playoffs competes with the champions of the pacific international junior hockey league and the vancouver island junior hockey league for the cyclone taylor cup , the british columbia provincial title .
their most senior team currently competes in the galway & district league premier league after promotion in 2008/2009 season .
the school has several competitive athletics teams , including the boys soccer team , canadian independent schools national champions in 2003 , and the boys ice hockey team , which competes in the highly competitive midwest prep hockey league .
when one of these cards is drawn , every team competes and has one of its members do the activity for them .
stephen eaton ( born 15 september 1975 , toowoomba ) is an australian athlete from queensland who competes at the national and international level in discus throwing and shot put at events such as the paralympic games , and international paralympic committee world championships .
the program is classified in the ncaa 's division i bowl subdivision , and the team competes in the north division of the big 12 conference .
he competes in the light heavyweight division .
the men 's lacrosse teams competes at the division ii level of the men 's collegiate lacrosse association in the " great rivers lacrosse conference . "
the club competes in the southern california rugby football union .
all participants also take part in the south pacific games , although the federated states of micronesia competes as a unified country there .
the gameplay was much the same as " track & field " in that the player competes in an event and tries to score the most points based on performance criteria , and also by beating the computer entrants in that event .
tamama often competes with her for keroro 's attention ( and affection ) .
the university of texas – pan american competes in ncaa division i.
this district is small in size , but competes academically with other districts like highland park , texas and southlake , texas for overall achievement and instructional standards .
he competes in the heavyweight division .
the team competes in the european under-21 football championship , held every two years .
the high school ( grades 9 - 12 ) competes in the big northern conference .
she competes in triathlon .
there are two game modes : single match , where the player fights in a series one - on - one matches against the cpu ; and team battle royale , where the player and another partner ( controlled by another player or by the cpu ) competes in a series of two - on - two matches .
this team mainly competes in the santosh trophy that is an internal competition in india .
obu competes in the gulf south conference in sports and maintains ncaa division ii status in other sports .
october of this year saw the triumph marque canned , when the acclaim saloon finished production to be replaced by the rover 200 series - a four - door saloon which competes in the same sector as the austin maestro .
the football team competes in the division i football bowl subdivision ( fbs ) , formerly i - a.
their daughter , ekaterina shpilband , competes on the national level in the united states .
also chesterfield has a competitive athletic team which competes regularly all over england .
the women 's basketball division competes in the cyprus women 's basketball league - first division .
the ais team competes in higher level leagues in other states , previously in nsw and victoria and will play in the victorian premier league in 2007 .
iowa - grant competes in the southwest wisconsin athletic league ( swal ) , in division 5 in football , and in division 3 in other sports .
eventually , lincoln competes in the world arm wrestling competition , held at the las vegas hilton .
the club competes in the serbian league , adriatic league and the euroleague .
the broadcast competes with national newscasts airing at 6:30 on wlwt - tv , wcpo - tv , and wkrc - tv .
the 350z , with slightly more pedestrian modifications also competes in the gt300 class ( having started there even before the skyline gt - rs were replaced ) by teams such as endless sports and mola .
océ competes with companies like xerox , canon , ricoh , and hewlett - packard .
zimbabwe competes in the africa cup and plays regularly against teams in neighbouring countries , as well as south african teams .
the vxa format competes mainly against the dds , slr , ait , travan , and dlt - v formats .
the school 's twice - weekly newspaper , the " college heights herald , " regularly wins awards placing it among the top college newspapers in the nation , and even competes against commercial newspapers in the state 's associated press competition .
the club sponsors an association football ( soccer ) team which competes in the portuguese football federation 's 2nd division — series c. the team plays at campo da mata , a 13,000-seat field located in a forest adjacent to parque d. carlos i. csc also sponsors several youth ( junior ) football teams for various age groups .
servite college competes in the northern associated schools ( nas ) league and the associated catholic colleges ' annual swimming and athletic carnivals .
the marching band competes in the tournament of bands ( tob ) circuit , attending the atlantic coast championships yearly as a group 3 unit .
while zeus mainly competes with other commercial web servers such as sun java system web server , it also claims a high degree of compatibility with apache http server ( e.g .. htaccess and mod_rewrite ) , with the expectation that apache users will migrate to zeus as their server load increases .
today , the team competes in the new england intercollegiate sailing association ( neisa ) , which itself is a part of the intercollegiate sailing association ( icsa ) .
he competes in the sport of wrestling .
each contender competes to cut a defined section of grown grass before his rival does the same .
the same year , the newspaper 's new editor - in - chief , andrew wolf , began publishing a sister weekly , the " riverdale review " , which directly competes with the riverdale press .
west forsyth currently competes in sub - division b of region 7-aaa and has since 2007 .
the south carolina gamecocks men 's basketball team represents the university of south carolina and competes in the southeastern conference .
the program is classified in the ncaa 's division i , and the team competes in the big east conference .
she competes in paralympic alpine skiing , in the sitting category , using in monoski .
the background of this idea was that rag 's core business of coal mining is carried out under government contract in germany , while businesses transferred to evonik competes on international markets .
the ba609 competes with corporate business jets and helicopters .
mr. wells is the head of this club which competes against other schools in various subjects in an attempt to challenge their minds .
ursula , voiced by linda cardellini , is associated with the " beginner " path , although the main difference is in which land the player first competes in .
princeville high school competes in the lincoln trail conference and is a member school in the illinois high school association .
aliso niguel 's men 's cross country team competes in the south coast league .
teva presently competes with the maker of brand - name zocor , merck & co. ; ranbaxy laboratories , which has 180-day exclusivity for the 80 mg strength ; and dr. reddy 's laboratories , whose authorized generic version ( licensed by merck ) is exempt from exclusivity .
joachim havikhagen ( born 1991 ) is a norwegian snowboarder who competes for geilo il .
newton country day is a member of the eastern independent league ( eil ) and competes against member schools and other independent schools throughout new england ..
the non - interference with the quality of life of the patient in the post - operatory period competes with the inconvenience of the latency of months until the result of the radiosurgery is accomplished .
eleni artymata ( born may 16 , 1986 in paralimni ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for cyprus .
the northwest conference ( nwc ) is an athletic conference which competes in the ncaa 's division iii .
bcg competes most directly with mckinsey & company and bain & company on client engagements ( the former competing primarily for fortune 500 strategy cases ) .
there are three australian rules football clubs in wangaratta , the wangaratta football club , the wangaratta rovers football club ( both competing in the ovens and murray football league ) , and the north wangaratta football club , which competes in the ovens and king football league .
his daughter ingrid klimke competes successfully at the international level in eventing and dressage and won gold at the 2008 summer olympics , twenty years after her father 's last olympic gold .
it competes in the prefects cup with melbourne high .
hilhi , known as the spartans , competes in the northwest oregon conference at the osaa class 5a level .
a team representing holy cross high school competes in the south jersey high school ice hockey league .
she competes at the 2010 world cup in ski cross .
csu stanislaus , in the division ii of the ncaa , competes in the california collegiate athletic association .
as of august 2009 , st. georges technical competes on the varsity level in football , boys ' and girls ' soccer , field hockey , volleyball , boys ' and girls ' basketball , wrestling , baseball , softball , and golf .
the legacy 600 competes on the upper end of the small to mid sized range of business jets .
john marshall competes in the ohio valley athletic conference .
the female blackbird is also aggressive in the spring when it competes with other females for a good nesting territory , and although fights are less frequent , they tend to be more violent .
it usually competes in division i by size .
the aardvarks compete as a division ii men 's club in the allegheny rugby union and are a member of the midwest rugby union territory as well as fielding a division iii team that competes in the ny state rugby union and usa rugby .
the team currently competes in both cal ripken , sr .
it either competes against or works with dbp , depending on the situation involved .
since 2006 taranaki has played in the annual air new zealand cup in which it also competes for the ranfurly shield .
he also owns his own race team , kasey kahne racing , that competes in the world of outlaws series fielding two cars one for joey saldana , and the other for cody darrah in the usac sprint car series for brady bacon , and in usac midgets for brad sweet .
he currently competes in the super heavyweight division .
st. stephen 's competes in the texas christian athletic league , and the texas association of private and parochial schools , in flag football , soccer , tennis , and volleyball .
currently the 1st team competes in the división de honor b competition , the second - highest level of spanish club rugby .
trinidad and tobago competes in the caribbean championship , a tournament which includes bermuda , martinique , the cayman islands , jamaica , the bahamas , british virgin islands , antigua and guyana .
the melbourne university cycling club ( mucyc ) is associated with cycling australia and competes regularly at local and national races .
in addition , the " pocono record " competes with regional publications such as the wilkes - barre " times - leader " , " scranton times - tribune " and the allentown " morning call " .
it is affiliated with the national association of intercollegiate athletics ( naia ) and competes in that organization 's region xi .
the team now competes in sports cars .
the team competes in the big south conference of the ncaa football championship subdivision .
the baseball team features mostly local players from around the area and competes in the eastern minny north league , which is part of the minnesota baseball association .
slippery rock university of pennsylvania competes in the ncaa division ii and is a member of the pennsylvania state athletic conference ( psac ) .
noted as being the first to successfully deliver a secure web gateway service , the company competes with similar services offered by messagelabs , purewire , webroot , websense and zscaler .
currently , ifk skövde competes in the elitserien and the swedish handball cup .
should we in the jewish quarter have a building of major importance which competes with the mosque and the holy sepulchre , and should we in general have any building which would compete in importance with the western wall ? "
it competes regularly in the st. monica 's learning fair and the academic decathlon .
it 's competes with expedia , orbitz , roomsaver and other online hotel search engines .
the second processor ( after the opteron ) to implement amd64 architecture and the first 64-bit processor targeted at the average consumer , it was amd 's primary consumer microprocessor , and competes primarily with intel 's pentium 4 , especially the " prescott " and " cedar mill " core revisions .
each girl also has an admirer that the player competes with .
she also competes in cross country running and won the oeiras international cross country in 2004 .
it still competes in the series today .
zenoss competes with other open source and proprietary enterprise systems management products .
nhs competes in cross country , golf , girls tennis , field hockey , volleyball , boys soccer , basketball , wrestling , cheerleading , baseball , football , softball , girls soccer , lacrosse , boys tennis and track .
wet seal typically serves the same audience and competes with deb shops , justice , forever 21 , and charlotte russe .
he competes with partner elena ilinykh .
stephanie roth ( born november 23 , 1982 in red bank , nj ) is an american figure skater who competes in ladies singles .
damacio james page ( born september 30 , 1982 ) is an american mixed martial arts fighter and who currently competes in the bantamweight division for world extreme cagefighting .
the rebels play in the eight - team b.c. football conference , which itself is part of the canadian junior football league ( cjfl ) and competes annually for the national title known as the canadian bowl .
norfc competes in division ii of the south territory of usa rugby .
independence high school is a member of the tennessee secondary school athletic association , the governing body of tennessee high school athletics , and competes in all tssaa sponsored sports : baseball , basketball , bowling , cross country , football , golf , soccer , softball , tennis , track & field , volleyball , and wrestling .
anna 's taqueria competes with other boston - area taquerias such as boca grande taqueria , baja betty 's , picante , felipe 's , and el pelón , as well as national chains including qdoba mexican grill and chipotle mexican grill .
the club competes in the cypriot league .
another alien also says that if he or any other human competes in the mutai , they will get trouble .
parkland competes in the lehigh valley conference in district xi of the pennsylvania interscholastic athletic association .
the club also has a reserve side that plays in the suburban football league and a youth team which competes in the southern youth league .
catia competes in the cad / cam / cae market with siemens nx , engineer , autodesk inventor and solidedge .
it competes with international operators like personal ( telecom argentina / telecom italia ) , claro ( america movil ) and vox ( kddi ) , using technologies gsm / edge and wcdma / hsdpa both over 850 mhz .
the team currently competes in the victorian premier league .
the university 's football team currently competes in division i - fcs and contests in the southland conference .
he competes in triathlon himself .
they are the largest locally - owned supermarket chain in hawaii as well as the oldest , as it competes with another honolulu - based supermarket chain with locations statewide , times supermarkets , and national chains safeway , costco , don quijote , and wal - mart .
leading to diminished capital and credit opportunities when compared to other non disadvantaged firms in the same or similar line of business ( meaning the firm must be smaller on average than the firms in which it competes in terms of annual revenue or number of employees ) .
rock falls competes in the north central illinois conference .
the company competes on price by selling a budget range direct to consumers , bypassing wholesalers , distributors , and retailers .
the school 's team currently competes in the mid - american conference .
nóra edöcsény - hóbor ( born february 2 , 1974 in budapest ) is a female athlete from hungary , who competes in triathlon .
piericidin a inhibits electron transfer ; it competes with qb for binding site in photosystem ii .
the software also competes with standalone e - mail and groupware servers such as exchange 2003 , and standalone pbx systems from companies such as cisco , nortel and avaya .
keilor park football club , an australian rules football team , competes in the essendon district football league .
it is home to the sale sonics , a representative basketball team that competes in the country basketball league and is renowned for developing many elite australian rules football and national basketball league sporting stars including jason gram , scott pendlebury , dylan mclaren , rhys carter and matt smith .
the school competes in academic super bowl , knowledge masters open , quiz bowl , science olympiad , and spell bowl competitions .
the european starling is an early breeder and out competes other native cavity nesters for nesting sites .
mannarino competes predominantly on the atp challenger series and futures circuit .
it competes with dlp and liquid crystal on silicon ( lcos ) technologies for implementation in video projector devices such as rear - projection televisions .
currently , nordsjælland håndbold competes in the men 's danish handball league , and plays it 's home matches in helsinge - hallen in helsinge .
similarly , london plays host to the only shinty team outside scotland which competes in camanachd association competitions , london camanachd .
it was won by the reigning world champion , chen ying of the host nation , while otryadyn gündegmaa won mongolia 's second olympic medal in shooting ahead of munkhbayar dorjsuren who won its first , 16 years earlier , but now competes for germany .
she also competes in the anz championship with the bay of plenty magic .
the college conference of illinois and wisconsin ( cciw ) is a college athletic conference which competes in the ncaa 's division iii .
osamah alshanqiti is a saudi arabian athlete who competes in triple jump and high jump .
the school regularly competes in many athletic and skiing events .
it competes with orange ( previously known as cellplus ) and mtml with technologies gsm / gprs and umts / hsdpa over 900 , 1800 and 2100 mhz .
witteveen started sailing in 1995 and competes in international level since 1999 where she started in the optimist class .
the cougars are designated as a division i ( aaa ) school and compete in all sports in the northern lakes league , with the exception of the boy 's ice hockey team , who competes in the northwest hockey conference .
hungary competes at the 2009 world championships in athletics from 15–23 august in berlin .
she competes with aleksei saks .
12 he played for san sebastian college a member of the college 's basketball team , which competes in ncaa philippines .
the world universities debating council consists of representatives of every country that competes at the world universities debating championship .
each player competes in two out of the three disciplines : singles , doubles and mixed doubles .
it competes in the eastern division of the sun belt conference .
the lawn bowling club competes in local competition , the cricket club takes part in regional competitions in irregular seasons , and the golf club is involved in regular tournaments .
conrad also competes and tries to cheat as always .
bowling green competes at the club level in the ncwa 's north central conference and are perennial contenders for the north central conference crown .
while sapiro generally competes in paralympic events , she competed in the open competition of the swimming events against able - bodied swimmers .
east dubuque high school competes in the northwest upstate illini conference and is a member school in the illinois high school association .
it competes against the cantonese newscasts on toronto ’s omni.2 and vancouver ’s omni bc .
he competes with wife ksenia shmirina .
chisato fukushima ( 福島 千里,born june 27 , 1988 in hokkaido ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for japan .
she competes with partner eric saucke - lacelle .
igor macypura ( also igor matsipura and egor matsipura ; ; born april 10 , 1985 in kiev , ukrainian ssr ) is a ukrainian figure skater who competes internationally for slovakia .
he competes in the lightweight division .
after leaving the tent early , luke heads to the skate park and competes against another skater in a series of obstacles .
sasha springer - jones ( born march 17 , 1978 in port - of - spain ) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for trinidad and tobago .
the team competes in the ncaa football bowl subdivision ( fbs ) as a member conference usa .
he competes with partner anastasia martiusheva .
their only junior team currently competes in the special peoples cup .
their son remington competes in figure skating in the united states .
she competes for the dutch national team since 2003 .
