deborah tannen attributes female linguistic behavior to the purpose of rapport - building , so , assuming compliments are being used as such a means , the data of complimentary language between women seems to suggest this tendency to create and strengthen affiliations is strongest between women .
however , the burgeoning underground press in the u.s. was less complimentary , with richard goldstein , writing in new york 's " the village voice " , noting that " there is nothing new or startling on " younger than yesterday " .
porter provides complimentary snacks and beverages ( soft drinks , wine and beer ) .
caricatures can be insulting or complimentary and can serve a political purpose or be drawn solely for entertainment .
leo hickman , in a blog for " the guardian " , was less complimentary , describing watt 's approach as risking " polluting his legitimate scepticism about the scientific processes and methodologies underpinning climate science with his accompanying politicised commentary " .
one example of two stressors that are complimentary to each other is wind and draught .
hit a nerve ” in the beauty and fashion market when hundreds of manhattan girls showed up to shop and sip complimentary cocktails at what would become hoffman ’s first shecky ’s girls’ night out .
the raam is unlike other complimentary currency systems , because it is focused on continuing the export of third world products , in this case organic agricultural products , to consumers in developed countries , rather than improving local circulation to benefit the lives of local people .
traditionally , the states and clans had complimentary functions .
the organization offers a complimentary book , subject to shipping charges , to anyone interested in the field of continuing education .
robert bianco of " usa today " was complimentary of hamm , noting that his interpretation of draper was a " starmaking performance " . "
during the interview found on the complimentary dvd included with the special edition of the album , amos admitted , " the industry does n't necessarily support - nor does radio support some of these kind of classic compositions being written today , and so you have to transcend what popular culture is in the 21st century , and not be held hostage to that , and then go make a work that might not get played by anybody as far as commercial radio , but that could n't be my focus or concern .
to compare shakespeare and his well - educated contemporary ben jonson was a popular exercise at this time , a comparison that was invariably complimentary to shakespeare .
club cool ( formerly ice station cool ) is an attraction located in the innoventions pavilion at epcot at the walt disney world resort in lake buena vista , florida , that allows people to cool off and drink complimentary coca - cola soft drinks from around the world .
despite being generally complimentary to lanois , especially his work on the 1989 album " oh mercy " , dylan has voiced dissatisfaction with the sound on " time out of mind " .
club highlights include bar / snack area , basic ticketing functions , espresso bar , three private conference rooms , and complimentary use of pcs ( 6 ) , dataports , copier , printer and paper shredder .
richard owen had been the first to respond to the complimentary copies , courteously claiming that he had long believed that " existing influences " were responsible for the " ordained " birth of species .
airport express passengers can travel around the two stations by walking through exit b5 of this station or using the complimentary airport express shuttle bus service .
midland mainline was the only operator to offer complimentary free tea and coffee to all passengers , including those in standard class .
she used to entertain napoleon 's officers in her vineyard , and as they rode off in the early morning with their complimentary bottle of champagne , they would open it with their saber to impress the rich young widow .
the " musical review " was not so complimentary , quoting the london correspondent of the " new york mirror " : although conceding that " the music [ ... ] is of a superior description " , he added that " the plot is almost unintelligible " and that " vocal talent is at a miserably low ebb . "
paws offers complimentary vegan meals to visitors , with the goal of showing others that they can live a healthy , cruelty - free lifestyle without compromising their quality of life .
in 2002 , the rabbinical leadership of the edah wrote a complimentary introduction to " vayoel moshe " .
she is especially complimentary about susan sarandon 's performance . "
visitors can see the beer making process at the carlton brewhouse centre and tour the brewery itself before returning to the brewhouse for a complimentary ale .
" chicago sun - times " ginny holbert found joey and rachel 's characteristics to be underdeveloped , while richmond commended the cast as a " likeable , youth ensemble " with " good chemistry " robert bianco of " usa today " was complimentary of schwimmer , calling him " terrific " .
cover charge music for two is always complimentary for a - train members .
the endeavour has evolved into four unique lines for waterford and a complimentary tableware collection in fine bone china for wedgwood .
formamide is self complimentary and so can cause dissolved carbon monoxide and ammonia to be reacted to form copies of itself .
the service is complimentary for first class passengers and a number of package options are open to all standard class passengers .
air niugini offers complimentary food and beverages on almost all flights .
foreign policy 's ultimate goal was the sustenance of its people , and so domestic concerns were tightly connected and complimentary to foreign policy initiatives .
complimentary food and beverage is shown as well ( everything relative to the raw cost of sales ) .
complimentary reviews by " the boston globe " , " the chelmsford independent " and other area newspapers helped boost brooks ' popularity .
in contrast , the republican - oriented " new york times " was complimentary .
smart exemplary educators ( ees ) receive a certificate of recognition as well as a range of free professional development , product evaluation and leadership opportunities and complimentary smart software .
premier ( 2p ) members , who accumulate at least 25,000 elite qualifying miles ( eqm ) or fly 30 segments , are offered priority boarding , free access to economy plus seating , upgrade privileges from any fare , complimentary 500-mile e - upgrades and a 25% mileage bonus on flown miles .
capping tech 's ground game were complimentary performances by kenny lewis and sean glennon , each of whom earned fewer than 10 yards , but picked up first downs on two plays .
the festival 's passholders , filmmakers , celebrities and guests enjoy a buffet dinner and complimentary spirits .
rockne was highly complimentary of the nebraska effort and even visited the nebraska locker room following the game to shower praise on the disappointed weir , but publicly tensions were beginning to rise as notre dame officials reported inappropriate treatment and an anti - catholic sentiment displayed by the nebraska locals .
when a customer brings in a clothing item with a rfid tag into the fitting room , the computer monitor will identify the garment , and display photographs of complimentary items using the database .
jeffrey robinson of dvd talk was complimentary in his review of season five , writing , that the cast were involved in a lot of " fun situations " with the guest appearances from kevin bacon , rip torn , elton john , andy garcia , madonna , demi moore , macaulay culkin , and gene wilder . "
dennis also gave o'dowd a complimentary subscription to his current affairs publication , the week .
arthur later offered conkling an appointment to the u.s. supreme court , although it was thought the gesture was merely " complimentary " , that conkling was too partisan to make a good justice , and that arthur was paying back his patron with the honor of nomination , even though it was expected conkling would refuse .
it was objected , moreover , that his commission was founded on obvious misrepresentations to the government ; and , notwithstanding a most courteous and complimentary epistle which he received from cortes , congratulating him , as old friend , on his arrival , the veedor soon found that he was neither to be permitted to penetrate far into the country , nor to exercise any control there .
in 1999 , kmb started to operate some of the kcr feeder bus ( now mtr feeder bus ) routes , which are complimentary free services of the kcr east rail ( now mtr east rail line ) .
they were made popular by the famous popular culture character known as zatoichi , quite possibly the best known and most complimentary portrayal of an individual in their subculture .
in american english , a complimentary close is also less commonly referred to as a " valediction " , which usually means the act of saying farewell , especially orally .
again " wisden " was complimentary , saying " it would be hard to speak in too high terms of praise of the magnificent displays of batting given by ponsford and bradman " but noted that " before bradman joined him ponsford had shown an inclination to draw away from the bowling of bowes . "
sdgh 's services are complimentary to its clients .
despite his difficulties , hick 's cricketing contemporaries have generally been quite complimentary about him .
in the main cabin , alcoholic drinks could be purchased for a fee , while in business class they were complimentary .
a complimentary letter from the emperor and letter of thanks from the author are also extant .
for three years from 1673 , he was vice - chancellor of the university of oxford , earning a complimentary reference in a john dryden poem .
davies retaliated with the less - than - complimentary kinks single " prince of the punks " , about robinson .
in modern times the orthodox ( and eastern catholic ) title of protopope often means hardly more than a complimentary title conveying a certain rank and precedence with sometimes a few unimportant rights .
additionally , it announced that it would provide 20,000 complimentary tickets for the 2006 race to spectators who had attended the 2005 event .
in a complimentary way , he thought a woman 's job of keeping a home together is more difficult than the challenges of the outside world .
hugh macdiarmid , the radical 20th century scottish poet praised her in a bbc scottish home service broadcast in 1947 as ‘ this sweet cumbrian singer’. he insisted that her scottish songs are ‘ the high - water mark of her achievement … so good that they can be set beside the best that have ever been produced by scotsmen writing in their own tongue’ - a complimentary comparison with the great robert burns who came after her .
at the nokia world conference in december 2007 , nokia announced their " comes with music " program : nokia device buyers are to receive a year of complimentary access to music downloads .
the guardian"s kira cochrane was also complimentary to branagh , calling him " faultless " , but was not impressed with the scenes between wallander and his father , which she believed slowed the pace of the film , as she did not want to learn wallander 's entire backstory immediately .
schoolcraft dedicated the book to longfellow about whose work he was very complimentary .
however , journalist jon landau , writing in " crawdaddy ! " , was less complimentary about the album and cited the departure of gene clark as a contributing factor in its artistic failure , commenting " unfortunately , they recently lost gene clark and the new album suffers greatly from this loss . "
kenilworth guests were encouraged to “ get out and see the asheville area ” through complimentary passes to biltmore forest and asheville country clubs .
however , only the latter are offered complimentary reusable jute bags to use with the service .
the complimentary one hour tv documentary called golfers in the kingdom is being directed by ellen spiro .
a complimentary bar is sometimes run depending on the licensing regulations of the host event .
lady helen is given a complimentary basket of fruit , but her secret is revealed after the servant unveils her purposely blanketed mirror .
a " club class " lounge is available at an additional cost to the passenger which offers complimentary refreshments and reserved seating .
rogers , wily and normally guarded in matters related to business and finance , may have been under the impression her work was to be complimentary .
while wills was complimentary of obama 's speech , he noted that its prose " of necessity lagged far behind the resplendent lincoln . "
complimentary taxi transfers are available to imperial class passengers .
wood is also highly complimentary of the iowa fans and their tailgating skills .
villca stated " we are protesting against the complimentary mining tax that the minister of mines wants to charge us , in addition to the percentage that he is already taking from us . "
skiers and boarders are fully provided for with complimentary hire equipment , although the more advanced typically will have their own equipment .
many casinos offer free memberships in " player 's clubs " or " slot clubs " , which return a small percentage of the amount of money that is bet in the form of " comps " ( complimentary food , drinks , hotel rooms , or merchandise ) , or sometimes as cash back ( sometimes with a restriction that the cash be redeemed at a later date ) .
sufism is a mystical dimension of islam , often complimentary with the legalistic path of the sharia .
contemporaries from his service days , including officers and men alike from the regiment and from other regiments engaged at mark 's mills were far less complimentary toward their former acting brigade commander .
fangoria magazine also gave the film a complimentary review .
members receive a limited complimentary enrollment in the priority pass vip lounge program which provides access to many 600 airport lounges .
however , critics were not impressed — very few authoritative voices were complimentary .
some products are rendered technologically obsolete due to changes in complimentary products which results in the function of the first product being made unnecessary .
the standard business complimentary close is " mit freundlichen grüßen " ( lit . " with friendly regards " ) and is equivalent to " yours sincerely " or " yours faithfully " in english .
cdc20-homologue 1 ( cdh1 ) plays a complimentary role to cdc20 in cell cycle progression .
however , not everyone was as complimentary ; his official biographer , o.h.k. spate , described him as of " undisciplined intellect " and lacking a " rigorously judicial habit of mind " ; the book was a financial failure ; and a proposed scheme to use a simplified version of the book , " the first discovery of australia and new guinea " ( 1906 ) , in schools was withdrawn .
german complimentary closes also offer the possibility of adding your location , e.g. " mit freundlichen grüßen aus berlin " to added effect .
however , while complimentary , and often working closely , they have differing skill sets with royal navy , raf or re bomb disposal operators handling the large scale problem of conventional unexploded munitions , royal engineers dealing providing search advice and assets and the royal logistic corps providing improvised explosive device disposal .
a well known doggerel of the time refers to lovell in less than complimentary terms ;
the management of the restaurant later sent him a complimentary sport coat and an apology letter , stating that he could come to the restaurant wearing whatever he wanted .
eventually daffy is able to explain that he is selling cookbooks , and happens to have a complimentary turkey dinner in his sample case .
with the price of a room comes complimentary meals and attendant service .
here is an extract from his complimentary remarks ;
near the end of 2006 , umphrey 's began a program to provide complimentary tickets to audience tapers in exchange for them distributing the recordings digitally online .
it is not intended to be complimentary .
wisden " was less complimentary about his bowling : " we have no great opinion of trott 's leg break bowling , and think it probably too slow to be effectual against good batsmen . "
companions also receive this benefit , and members are given four complimentary upgrade certificates for guests annually .
in contrast , he was not complimentary about joachim von ribbentrop .
" the new york times " published a complimentary review , writing that " the imperial cruise is startling enough to reshape conventional wisdom about roosevelt ’s presidency . "
complimentary cells .
the gold kangaroo , the former first class service , features either roomette or twinette sleeper cabins , with complimentary meals in the restaurant car .
complimentary bottled water , newspapers and turn down service is included as well .
the nambassa administration involved hundreds , to the extent that the 1981 five - day celebration gave out 1500 complimentary tickets to people and groups involved in the event in some official capacity .
a tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of yongle , which the association for asian studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the karmapa .
million air fbos provide or make available the following amenities : concierge services , in - flight catering , u.s. customs , hospitality bars with complimentary soft drinks , coffee and snacks , vip lounges , theater rooms , elegant washrooms , bmw 5 series crew cars , on - site hertz rental , executive conference rooms , flight planning rooms , pilot 's lounge , full facility wifi , and pilot snooze rooms .
freiherr anton von cothmann , a representative of empress maria theresia , visited čonoplja in 1767 and his assessment was not very complimentary .
walton , like others , was complimentary of branagh , and concluded by writing , " the series still probably wo n't appeal to fans of " heartbeat " , but if you fancy an undoubtedly classy antidote to the cosy cop show , you could do a lot worse . "
he also found out that over 800 - 900 complimentary tickets were given out per contest , far above the allowable amount .
the four series of " blackadder " were voted into second place in the bbc 's " britain 's best sitcom " in 2004 with 282,106 votes , although the series ' advocate , john sergeant , was not complimentary of the first series , suggesting it was " grandiose , confused and expensive " .
the complimentary and seemingly spontaneous style of performance ethic and the relationship between davis and his musicians was fundamental for his work during these sessions and improved onto the " kind of blue " sessions .
the command was organized in accordance with the paf modernization program , which is basically realignment and consolidation of existing units with similar and complimentary functions designed to enhance security and economy of force and services .
god 's true infinity is revealed in both complimentary infinitude ( infinite light ) and finitude ( finite light ) .
he believes that the relationship between the two are complimentary .
their performance at the festival generated some national exposure , gaining them one of what would become a number of complimentary live reviews in the " nme " , with the magazine simply stating ; " they are brilliant " .
being a low cost carrier , indigo does not offer a complimentary meal service to its passengers .
reviews of the novel have been complimentary , although it has been noted that it is best to read the series in order to avoid confusion .
located in james city county at the southern end of the colonial parkway , it encompasses the area of jamestown island and is adjacent to the commonwealth of virginia 's complimentary attraction known as jamestown settlement .
the authors of the " zhuangzi " had a lyrical view of life and death , seeing them as complimentary aspects of natural changes .
beauregard and dieudonné take her in care , dieudonné observing , without being complimentary , that she may eventually become a strong vampire .
he was less complimentary about " a sailor 's life " , regarding it as overlong .
no complimentary upgrades are offered to continental onepass elite members on any intercontinental flights offering businessfirst service .
bertelsen ( 2003b ) specifically argues that construction could and should be understood in three complimentary ways , namely , as a project - based production process , as an industry that provides autonomous agents , and as a social system .
at the match banquet after the win against france in paris , there was a complimentary bottle of cologne next to each player 's place at the table .
hunain is not always complimentary about sergius 's translations ; though some he thinks are better , as sergius became more experienced .
fide awarded him the complimentary grandmaster title in 1992 , the first in history .
these are all collected in his works in four volumes ( 1746 and 1755 ) , where the complimentary letter of 1713 to bentley is omitted as inconsistent with the later attack on his " phaedrus " .
despite these less than complimentary nicknames , basil is terrified of her , and it is only once in the entire series that he loses patience to the point which he snaps at her .
before the crowd has a chance to consume their complimentary pretzel , it is announced that mr. burns has won a 1997 pontiac astro wagon in the day 's give - away competition .
in an allusion to the popular song released by pat shortt , visitors are given a complimentary " jumbo breakfast roll " upon their arrival .
janet holmes suggests that the discrepancies in male - male and female - female complimentary language may be due to differences in perception concerning the purpose of compliments .
but if not being post - season eligible was not punishment enough , it was later found out that mychal thompson had sold two complimentary tickets to gopher home games .
it was offered on a complimentary basis until july 16 , 2006 .
the hotel features a fitness centre and complimentary wireless internet .
other reports were more complimentary of wright .
guest amenities include free local calls , a free weekday newspaper , long distance access , and a complimentary continental breakfast , called " always fresh ... by rodeway . "
in return for his favour and protection , anacreon wrote many complimentary odes upon his patron .
though still unproven , this type of “ unusual ” discourse further emphasizes a distinction between complimentary and regular language .
the all about jazz review by derek taylor stated " complimentary sides of a coin , these two quartets share the welcome common denominator of nat adderley .
the society decided to move permanently to st james 's hall , and a complimentary additional concert , held at the hall , was given to its subscribers at the end of the 1868 - 69 season .
all properties feature a suite seasons hot breakfast buffet , most have a pool and exercise room , and all feature complimentary high - speed internet access .
compared to traditional fish which uses dna probes , quantitative information is difficult to acquire because the hybridization probes compete with the renaturation of complimentary genomic dna strands .
for example , if a person says something critical , that is not bad ; or , if something complimentary is said , that is not good , because such things are externals and not in our power to control .
fate intervenes when three young mechanics come to repair circus equipment and the owner gives them complimentary tickets for the show .
services and benefits from april of the following year include 10 upgrade points for complimentary flight upgrades .
the ready reply pleased charles , who added some complimentary words .
the main entrance is located on the fourth floor , where guests may enjoy a lounge area , café , as well as complimentary digital resources .
portland magazine chosen to be complimentary passenger selections on jetblue airlines , amtrak downeaster , and premier business - travel clubs in all major airports in the northeast .
ostrow was complimentary of cast members lisa kudrow and david schwimmer 's performances . "
complimentary perimeter parking is offered to spectators and children age 12 and under are admitted free when accompanied by an adult .
the initial fleet reports were complimentary , indicating that the hornet was extraordinarily reliable , a major change from its predecessor , the f-4j. other squadrons that switched to f / a-18 are vfa-146 " blue diamonds " , and vfa-147 " argonauts " .
the 900 received a facelift and renaming complimentary to its new larger sibling : it would now be called the saab 9 - 3 .
( bea 's " silver star " service included complimentary hot meals on all flights whereas pan am merely offered free on - board snacks .
it is often referred to in english as " free of charge " or " complimentary " .
complimentary close .
doug ’s focus for global green is business development , including strategic investors , new projects and complimentary new technology .
also , at a time when many low - cost carriers were eliminating in - flight frills in an effort to curtail expenses , hooters air served complimentary meals to all customers on trips lasting over one hour .
more recent techniques involve using oligonucleotide sequences consisting of repeats complimentary to repeats in the microsatellite to " enrich " the dna extracted .
since american express aeroplanplus platinum cardholders are given complimentary membership to the air canada maple leaf club , they are able to access lounges free of charge as well .
dr. raphael cilento , who was in charge of the evaluation , wrote a report that was mostly critical , but somewhat complimentary .
" morgs " was adored by fulham fans , making hundreds of appearances for the club , earning himself a vast array of nicknames such as " mr fulham " , " cap'n morgs " and the slightly less complimentary but no less affectionate " moaning old git " .
despite receiving some negative reviews and a mixed , but complimentary review from the new york times , the film was nominated for ten academy awards and won the award for best costumes .
in the original script , blair was supposed to welcome the simpsons to the united kingdom " with a garland of ' genuine newcastle coal ' and hand [ marge ] a complimentary corgi " , but campbell had them changed , as blair " made it very clear that he was only interested in doing the show if he could promote tourism in britain " .
" less than perfect " was also given away as a complimentary cd in the herald sun publication .
some services offer free pickup and delivery as well as complimentary laundry bags as part of their customer appreciation .
his biographer , robert mackenzie , says that his counsel awoke for a time the spiritual fires in fergusson ; robert louis stevenson was less complimentary : both however were writing many years after the event .
burns made a complimentary reference to colonel fullarton in ' the vision ' .
also , complimentary popcorn was given to customers to eat while waiting for their meal to be brought to their table .
ambitious but neurotic guitarist azarian reflects less - than - complimentary stories about the band 's robbie robertson .
hoover never mentioned the incident , and his complimentary remarks on argentina were well - received in both the host country and in the press .
however , some critics were less than complimentary about his work , and priestley began legal action against graham greene for what he took to be a defamatory portrait of him in the novel " stamboul train " ( 1932 ) .
the village is mentioned in domesday book but not in a complimentary way .
for the greetings counterpart to complimentary closes , see salutation .
the episode also features scenes with ron describing his admiration for strong women and his immense enjoyment of the strip club 's complimentary breakfast .
their contacts in this matter in the period of the fifth lateran council were later memorialized in a complimentary mention in copernicus ' dedicatory epistle in " de revolutionibus orbium coelestium " and in a treatise by paul of middelburg , " secundum compendium correctionis calendarii " ( 1516 ) , which mentions copernicus among the learned men who had sent the council proposals for the calendar 's emendation .
the espresso is always served with a saucer and demitasse spoon , and sometimes with a complimentary wrapped chocolate and a small glass of water .
despite of her wish to remain anonymous , the academy members made her public again by expressing their admiration with a complimentary poem to her honor in 20 december 1797 ; " ode to mrs lenngren " , read by gustaf frederic gyllenborg .
" time out " magazine described the band 's live sound as " adrenaline pumping , ear purging slab of towering , pristine noise … " the duo signed to all tomorrow 's parties - affiliated atp recordings in 2007 , and released a limited - edition 7 " single named " bright tomorrow " , which received complimentary reviews from such sources as drowned in sound , pitchfork media ( who described it as " something like the sun rising over the ocean ... then going supernova " ) , " mojo " ( it became their # 1 mojo playlist single for that month ) and " stereogum " .
plenty of kid ’s activities , keep the young ones entertained , while the older visitors enjoy a complimentary slice of fruitcake and cuppa .
alfred wainwright gives it a chapter in his pictorial guide to the lakeland fells , being less than complimentary , saying , " “
the great popularity of philoxenus is attested by a complimentary resolution passed by the athenian senate in 393 bc .
the basic principles underlying the ecclesiological model church , which are exemplified in st. stephen 's , are a " simple plan , basic materials and ornament that is complimentary to the overall simplicity of the church . "
the pda 's mission with regard to performers is to maintain locations within the market where performing artists may entertain market shoppers in a fashion consistent with and complimentary ( " sic " ) to the needs of the market 's commercial business activities and market residents .
the terms can be complimentary or pejorative .
the swimming facility offers various types of swimming programs every week and as a du student , alumni , faculty , or staff member , the coors fitness center offers either complimentary or reduced fees for pool programs .
the principle behind this concept is that an x band mfr coupled with an l band vsr provides the optimal combination of complimentary capabilities : the vsr is optimized for long range detection and tracking of targets , while the mfr is optimized for medium range high accuracy tracking of targets , as well as horizon search and missile guidance functions .
complimentary closes in e - mail .
shearer refused any complimentary make - up for this scene , and chose to look as haggard and exhausted as the real queen in her final moments .
economy passengers still receive a complimentary snack suitable to the time of day , but of reduced quantity and , arguably , quality than previously .
• podcasts – featuring papers by industry experts , complimentary , monthly subtel forum podcasts expand the platform for discourse on submarine telecom cable and network operations .
many american casinos offer free memberships in " slot clubs , " which return a fraction of the amount of money that is bet in the form of comps ( complimentary food , drinks , hotel rooms , or merchandise ) , or sometimes as cash or a promise to pay cash at a later date .
complimentary language and gender .
complimentary or initially contradictory explanations of jewish thought from rabbinic judaism , jewish philosophy and kabbalah can become synthesised into one unity .
the price included a three year warranty and servicing , cover , and a racing kit including a race - only exhaust system , a slip - on muffler , and complimentary fuel and ignition mapping in a " race ecu " .
williams extolled many parts of indian culture as superior to european culture , and he wrote several complimentary poems within the book .
according to stacey , ned achieved a rapid rise to the top by breaking in and writing complimentary reports on his performance at work .
the october 1997 investigation revealed that fisher had provided martin with passes for sixteen complimentary tickets from 1994 to 1997 , and that his secretary and other clerical workers made out ten more such passes .
janáček left the conservatory in june , 1880 , disappointed despite franz krenn 's very complimentary personal report .
this was followed by the main meal , starting with a separately served " hors d'œuvre " before serving a main course of fillet of beef , tournedos , lamb or a chicken dish , accompanied by a selection of complimentary wines .
hare 's fame as a preacher at this time is shown by a complimentary allusion in the " dunciad " .
cipriano reyes was one of hundreds of perón 's opponents treated to a " complimentary stay " at buenos aires ' ramos mejía general hospital , one of whose basements was converted into a police detention center where torture became routine .
also , the telegraph was extremely complimentary about the album , suggesting the album is a " cross between the arch cleverness of blur and crowd pleasing instincts of oasis " .
glenn gamboa of " newsday " was complimentary towards the song , writing that it was " timberlake at his best , mainstreaming a combination of the wild , edgy dance - pop style of basement jaxx with missy elliott 's more experimental hip - hop to create a boldly inventive sound that still pleases the masses . "
a pioneer in serious and accessible adult education , rabbi artson launched the walking with … series , an annual series of books distributed free of charge and available on the web as complimentary pdf files .
a complimentary breakfast is served on board from oxford on monday to friday between 0540 and 0700 .
complimentary tickets , sometimes limited in number , are frequently provided to local media for contests or giveaways .
since the 1991 investiture of ted rogers , order of canada installment ceremonies have been broadcast on various television channels and the internet ; recipients are given a complimentary copy of their investiture ceremony from rogers cable .
though it was not published , he received a complimentary note from the editor asking if he would write a novel .
filmed on london 's hampstead heath , liam was less than complimentary about peter andre in his usual inimitable style .
john davies of hereford addressed to roydon highly complimentary verse in the appendix to his " scourge of folly " , 1611 .
writes : " while superficially complimentary to asian americans , the real purpose and effect of this portrayal is to celebrate the status quo in race relations .
so important was the result that general washington hastened to communicate it to congress in a manner highly complimentary .
sobriquets are not necessarily complimentary .
the cabin on boeing 767 introduces full flat beds in premium business class , a personal avod entrtainment system , complimentary meals , drinks and desserts of the peruvian cuisine .
in additional to benefits in emerald tier , benefits offered are 10,000 qualification miles , another 10 kg extra luggage ( one piece if traveling to north america w / weight based on cabin traveled ) , another free lounge access for one guest ( unlimited for children ) , complimentary spouse gold card , and 20% bonus miles on all flights operated by china airlines .
he is very complimentary about older women , saying that they have a grace and presence that no ' dolly bird ' can emulate .
john giddings initially refused to issue fairlee road residents with complimentary weekend tickets , as he had done in previous years ; perhaps due to the afore - mentioned objections .
the orange wednesdays promotion also allows orange customers a 2 for 1 entrées with complimentary appetizers at pizzaexpress restaurants .
unfortunately , such a proposal has not found a place in the draft national policy and this would keep ayurvedic treatment one step behind other traditional medicine / complimentary and alternative medicines ( tm / cam ) in the world .
a number of wineries located in and around julian offer complimentary wine tasting .
and i ’ve always been very blessed : my peers have always been very complimentary so it ’s never been a question for me and i know music is my life ’s purpose .
sunwing airlines on board services include free champagne ( outbound only ) , choice of hot meals with glass of wine , leather seats , hot towel service , free headsets with complimentary first run movies , chocolate service , bar / snack service .
teachers from these two schools have significant exposure to complimentary seminars and workshops with partnership programs such as the philippine - australia project on basic education ( probe ) - and have enabled these two , among other schools to maintain high rating national achievement test results .
no complimentary wings will be issued .
the company also sought to attract customers by providing an inflight service that was superior to what most other contemporary charter airlines offered , including complimentary meals , drinks and free overnight bags .
after attending one of his seminars in london in 2003 the times journalist alan jackson wrote a complimentary article over four pages in the paper ’s weekend magazine in which he enthused , “
hawaiian provides complimentary and paid beverage service on all of its flights .
dpci periodically holds complimentary educational seminars for customers or prospective clients on a variety of relevant topics .
bryant had passed the manuscript on to harper 's , hoping they would pay $ 500 to its author , though they ultimately paid dana only $ 250 along with 24 complimentary copies .
" chicago sun - times " ginny holbert found joey and rachel 's characteristics to be underdeveloped , while richmond commended the cast as a " likeable , youth ensemble " with " good chemistry " robert bianco of " usa today " was complimentary of schwimmer , calling him " terrific " .
rick fulton of the " daily record " was complimentary of the performance as he compared the dance routine that accompanied " parachute " to a routine from the programme " strictly come dancing " .
both works dwelt on her scandalous behaviour of wearing male clothes , though the surviving play is fairly complimentary to her in modern eyes .
his main wish for amalgamation , and later federation , was primarily so the complimentary economic strengths of the rhodesias could be put to best use .
while she often begins with complimentary or basic descriptions ( such as the colour of the hair or skin , good personalities or what they 're wearing ) , she will , despite the leftist paraphernalia ( a bust of lenin and several soviet flags ) filling her office , then use descriptions that mock the student 's culture or appearance or anything about them outstanding , such as a mole on their chin or their lack of hair , and using an insulting epithet to describe them , such as " big fat lesbian , " " ching - chong chinaman " , " ali bongo " , " fatty fatty boom boom " , " the oompa loompa " , " magnum p.i. " , and " baaallddy ! " after the kinder words fail , much to the shock of the students in question .
nevertheless the talents of the rolling stones , and a promotional scheme that gave complimentary admission to any patron that brought two friends , soon led to healthy crowds .
the barring was revoked after a season and stokes received a complimentary bottle of champagne .
doors open at 8 pm with complimentary cocktails including premium brands , champagnes and canned beers from 8 pm until 10 pm .
a single emblematic gesture can a have very different significance in different cultural contexts , ranging from complimentary to highly offensive [ 9 ] the page list of gestures discusses emblematic gestures made with one hand , two hands , hand and other body parts , and body and facial gestures .
hell attended both collège jean - de - brébeuf and cegep du vieux montréal , earning complimentary film and literature degrees .
on the publication of darwin 's theory , in " on the origin of species " , he sent a complimentary copy to owen , saying " it will seem ' an abomination ' " .
enjoy complimentary airport shuttle service , valet parking and self parking .
we can not expect it to speak in very complimentary terms about non - buddhist kings .
in addition to viewing and bidding on an eclectically curated mix of artwork , patrons are encouraged to groove to the beats of live music by carolyn sills & gerard egan , enjoy an astounding performance by mentalist jacob spinney and enjoy delicious complimentary chef tastings and cocktails provided by some of the valley 's finest local restaurants .
waterfront magazine is a complimentary luxury lifestyle magazine published each month in the northwest of england by waterfront magazines ltd.
it offers a complimentary city bus shuttle so guests can easily access the attractions .
kashmir houseboat and the dal lake are mutually complimentary enchanting heritages of the legend of sringar ’s beauty , which is owed to the mughals and the british who enriched them with beauty and comfort .
it was largely as a result of this that his obituary was not featured on the front page of cultural magazines such as " contemporanul " , and its text was both cut short and less complimentary than many previous articles .
clear grit " was a complimentary term meaning tenacious or dedicated .
producer john lentaigne said : " the filmmakers believe that the choice as to how consumers view films should rest with the consumer and that theatrical , dvd and internet forms of distribution need not threaten each other , and may indeed be mutually complimentary . ”
wisden , which had not always been complimentary , wrote that he was missed in the second half of the 1935 season : " if never a stylist , case could often be relied upon to stay a collapse , and for practically half the season his stubborn tactics were much missed , " it wrote .
at the first annual " the office " convention in scranton in 2007 , fans who had paid for reserved seating at an " uncommon stockholders meeting " in the mall at steamtown received an annual report and complimentary ream of paper .
the casino host has the power to issue complimentary services ( or " comps " ) to players .
damon wise , writing in " the times " was particularly complimentary , giving the film five stars , stating " it 's hard to settle on a standout element because it 's all so outstanding , from the performances to the one - liners to the plot . "
the march became popular among the other irish regiments and various other sets of lyrics were devised , some none too complimentary in tone .
full of bold action , careless about generic differences , and always ( in the end ) complimentary to the values and beliefs of such audiences , his drama carried some of the vigorous optimism of elizabethan dramaturgy into the caroline era .
currently ( 2010 ) , a complimentary peak time service is also provided by courtney coaches limited between chineham business park and the railway station .
the celebration was described as a " sporktacular " day in franchise history by the team 's general manager kurt landes who said , " we look forward to doing our part in making national pig day an openly celebrated date in the lehigh valley ! " highlights of the national pig day also included plans for a pig roast featuring complimentary food and beverages , appearances by the ironpigs mascot ferrous , and a variety of activities for children including pig crafts , ironpigs tattoos , and a chance to pin the tail on ferrous .
