any latin or greek etymologies are dropped and converted into the corresponding meaning - carrying chinese characters ( e.g. anti- typically becomes " 反 " , literally " opposite " ) , making them more comprehensible for chinese but introducing more difficulties in understanding foreign texts .
this book is used to reinforce vocabulary and as a source of comprehensible input in the target language .
" the stupid show " aimed to make the copenhagen talks comprehensible to ordinary people using a mix of humour , stunts , video clips , graphic illustrations and interviews with delegates , climate change experts and activists billeted in the danish capital for the summit .
is undoubtedly one of the most complete and comprehensible treatises on the subject ever pubhshed and a close study of its pages will enable one to master all the details of the wireless transmission of messages .
peglau therefore resorted to the realistic - concrete scheme of a little man that is comprehensible for everyone and appeals to archetypical shapes .
it must be stressed however , that just any input is not sufficient , the input received must be comprehensible .
one universal characteristic of a document dump is that its shippers intend to retard or slow down the process through which their adversaries can make this information comprehensible .
such a sudden shift is n’t comprehensible , ” mr forster said on november 3 , 2009 about gm ’s decision not to sell the units to magna . “
non - technical turkish was vernacularized and simplified on the ground that the language of turkish people should be comprehensible by the people .
millions of people have been blessed by either attending one of the live satsang s regularly held at numerous cities in india and abroad or by listening to bapuji 's recorded satsang or his easily comprehensible preaching of the vedanta , yoga , bhakti ( devotion ) and mukti ( salvation ) on television .
stanley cavell describes the " burden of modernism " as caused by a situation wherein the " procedures and problems it now seems necessary to composers to employ and confront to make a work of art at all " themselves " insure that their work will not be comprehensible to an audience " ( cavell 1976 , 187 ) .
thus , in order for the text to be comprehensible to a listener , the actor must take great care on where they put the stress and emphasis of each sentence .
yaremenko 's writings were largely ignored by gorbachev because they were not comprehensible to him and " perestroika " was allowed to proceed .
the result is a special kind of pseudoword : although it would not be found in any dictionary , it is instantly comprehensible ( e.g. , bananaphone ) .
all medieval goidelic languages seem to have been mutually comprehensible .
this has the advantage of making children 's films and tv series comprehensible to younger audiences , but many bilingual québécois prefer subtitling since they would understand some or all of the original audio .
having no spoken dialogue , the episodes needed no dubbing , and the universal storylines were easily comprehensible , making the series adaptable in various countries .
gula iro is very closely related to zan gula and bon gula , but they are not mutually comprehensible .
even beyond the connection with design by contract , cqs is considered by its adherents to have a simplifying effect on a program , making its states ( via queries ) and state changes ( via commands ) more comprehensible in a manner reminiscent of how edsger dijkstra 's admonition against gotos did the same for control flow .
more comprehensible however is the summary of the achieved results and their consequences : electron spins at the individual n - v center , localized at atomic scales , can be manipulated at room temperature by applying light , magnetic , electric or microwave fields or their combinations .
some of the material is highly complex ... and the documentary does a very creditable job of presenting the facts and background information in a comprehensible manner . "
anglicisation or anglicization ( see -ise vs -ize ) is a process of conversion of verbal or written elements of any other language into a more comprehensible english form for an english speaker .
this north germanic language is not comprehensible to speakers of the other scandinavian languages , and hence is often considered a language in its own right rather than a dialect of swedish .
before the show 's premiere , the producers created five one - hour episodes for the purpose of testing whether children found them comprehensible and appealing .
the role of the id is to depict these influences and the nature of the interrelationships in a more comprehensible format .
crystal hypothesises that globally english will both split and converge , with local variants becoming less mutually comprehensible and therefore necessitating the rise of what he terms world standard spoken english ( see also international english ) .
to quantify and display the differences in shape , the variability needs to be reduced to a comprehensible ( low - dimensional ) form .
an offshoot of the desire for stability - of the attempt to reduce the world to a tidy , static , and therefore comprehensible and predictable place .
leaving school at 17 , philip o'connor plunged into the bohemian life in the artistic quarter of london known as fitzrovia , declaiming doggerel at bars frequented by dylan thomas and others , giving impassioned , if not always comprehensible , speeches at hyde park corner .
with permission , mcguire reversed the andromeda strain shot by shot so that everything unfolded in reverse order , although with each scene running in normal time with comprehensible dialogue .
both the " funeral sermon " and the " lamentations " are hard to read and not quite comprehensible for modern - day hungarians , mostly because the 26-letter latin alphabet was not fit to represent all the sounds in hungarian language , as diacritic marks and double letters had not been developed yet .
it was this period when prose was written in clear , short and easy to follow and comprehensible form .
comprehensible input .
only five of the twenty primary letters have tree names that the auraicept considers comprehensible without further glosses , namely " beith " " birch " , " fearn " " alder " , " saille " " willow " , " duir " " oak " and " coll " " hazel " .
he deconstructed the novel to make it more comprehensible to most audiences who find difficulties in understanding it .
kordig suggests that with this approach , he is not reintroducing the distinction between observations and theory in which the former is assigned a privileged and neutral status , but that it is possible to affirm more simply the fact that , even if no sharp distinction exists between theory and observations , this does not imply that there are no comprehensible differences at the two extremes of this polarity .
it is comprehensible to standard mandarin speakers from nearby areas ; most variation is apparent with in the individual tones , and the lack of retroflex consonants .
the profane world consists of all that we can know through our senses ; it is the natural world of everyday life that we experience as either comprehensible or at least ultimately knowable .
these virtual artifacts do not have to be comprehensible to humans at all ; they can be created and understood solely by artificial intelligence .
rolling stone ( us ) , sep.3 , 1981 - " it 's rickie lee jones ' voice that carries pirates to the stars and makes her whole crazy vision not only comprehensible but compulsive , compelling and as welcome as christmas in july . "
although lan - nang - ōe is generally mutually comprehensible with hokkien , including taiwanese , certain words in lan - nang - ōe are only used in the philippines .
this is the earliest form which is comprehensible to modern readers and listeners , albeit not easily .
in addition , the help files for all components of the suite are thorough , comprehensible and well - written .
halfway through the song are the only clearly comprehensible lyrics in the song : " boy ! …
however , stephen krashen does point out that need can be helpful when it places the acquirer in a position in which he or she can receive comprehensible input ( ci ) .
at its core , russian nihilism was characterized by the belief that the world lacks comprehensible meaning , objective truth , or value .
but the entire manner of singing in musical modes should be calculated , not to afford vain delight to the ear , but so that the words may be comprehensible to all ; and thus may the hearts of the listeners be caught up into the desire for celestial harmonies and contemplation of the joys of the blessed .
the ney " speaks the language of love , instantly comprehensible in the heart , compared to which all the mosques , churches , temples built to decorate ( our spirituality ) drift away " .
the vulgarity and rot that was eating into venezuelan society is difficult to describe in terms that would seem comprehensible , although foreign academics went on talking about venezuelan society as if it were normal and not in the grasp of a collective frenzy .
the evaluation went on to state that despite their shortcomings , which decrease each time a new version is released , given the size of each of the dictionaries , the entries are reasonably comprehensible and offer useful information for language learners , particularly in the dictionaries with more complete databases .
today , this serves to make the novel more easily comprehensible to those unfamiliar with heian era court manners and titles , but we know that the author 's comtemporaries already referred to this character by this name - and nicknamed the author after her .
at the time of first european contact , a lenape individual would likely have identified primarily with his or her immediate family and friends , or village unit ; then with surrounding and familiar village units ; next with more distant neighbors who spoke the same dialect ; and ultimately , while often fitfully , with all those in the surrounding area who spoke mutually comprehensible languages , including the mahican .
hyman e. goldin 's translation was published in 1961 with an attempt to eliminate errors and improve upon previous translations , making it " more comprehensible to scholar and layperson alike . "
adams ’s later photography series published in the early 1980s ( and written with the assistance of robert baker ) also proved far more comprehensible to the average photographer .
for instance , comprehensible input can be a reading passage , audio , video , language produced by the teacher , or even language produced by students themselves .
he sought to make the gospel comprehensible to the congregation , and he did this perhaps 40 years before the fourth lateran council of 1215 " spurred the clergy as a whole into action " ( bennett , 33 ) .
here the artistes demonstrate the art forms with the help of explanations , thereby , making their art form easily comprehensible .
tprs is based on the theoretical importance of comprehensible input as a key factor in developing fluency in the target language and is supported by dr. stephen krashen 's research claims .
within ladakh , there is a range of dialects , so that the language of the chang - pa people may differ markedly from that of the purig - pa in kargil , or the zangskaris , but they are all mutually comprehensible .
danish is mostly spoken in a way largely comprehensible to swedes and norwegians —
reviewer christopher connelly wrote that in comparison to " murmur " the " overall sound is crisper , the lyrics far more comprehensible .
a very comprehensible introduction to the twisted k - theory classification of conserved d - brane charges on a 9-dimensional timeslice in the presence of neveu - schwarz flux is .
some tv and radio commercials are concluded with " fast talking " , which is barely audible or comprehensible to most .
however , when it comes time to report on what was done , the above format provides the basis for telling the story in a way that makes it comprehensible to the upper levels of management .
" myths of origin " or " creation myths " represent an attempt to render the universe comprehensible in human terms and explain the origin of the world . the most widely accepted version at the time , although a philosophical account of the beginning of things , is reported by hesiod , in his " theogony " .
an element of negativity in the masque 's reception was comprehensible , since it attributes the disorder of the realm to the stubbornness of the king 's subjects ( " the people 's giddy fury " ) , and hints that the royal power wo n't always be held in check .
it is a study which will provide the most comprehensible kind of answer to the query as to why los angeles is leading san francisco , portland , seattle , st. louis , pittsburgh , cleveland , cincinnati , baltimore , detroit , minneapolis , new orleans , boston , buffalo and all other cities of anything near her in building activity as revealed by the monthly expenditures for construction work . "
" man is born not to solve the problems of the universe , but to find out where the problem begins , and then to restrain himself within the limits of the comprehensible "
the conceptual structure part of an architecture description makes the functional behavior comprehensible , and extrapolatable to a range of use cases .
prince christopher described her , " in the first place she was unable to speak russian , which the grand duchess anastasia , like all the czar 's children , had talked fluently and would only converse in german . " summing up he said of her , " the poor girl was a pathetic figure in her loneliness and ill health , and it was comprehensible enough that many of those around her let their sympathy over - rule their logic ....
most dialects are not immediately mutually comprehensible , though many individual words and phrases are , and speakers of the two languages can rapidly develop mutual intelligibility .
the 19th and 20th centuries saw further standardization of the language , and differences between the mutually already comprehensible dialects gradually lessened .
this should be in simplified language that is comprehensible to a lay person .
but training in rhetoric was a fundamental aspect of the trivium , the basic educational system of the day ; participation in a rhetorical exercise like the accidence / fitz - ale debate is comprehensible in light of that tradition . )
writing in " political science quarterly " , grover clark called the book " a clear , comprehensive and yet comprehensible description of the land and the people 's relation to it . "
the worlds of the universe are orderly , bound by physical law , comprehensible .
other berber languages and tamashaq are quite mutually comprehensible , and are commonly regarded as a single language ( as for instance by karl prasse ) ; they are distinguished mainly by a few sound shifts ( notably affecting the pronunciation of original " z " and " h " ) .
it may be comprehensible with or a dialect of south bolivian quechua .
methods that are based on comprehensible output frequently put acquirers in this uncomfortable position .
nietzsche characterized nihilism as emptying the world and especially human existence of meaning , purpose , comprehensible truth , or essential value .
in his later age , berendt considers music as an expression of human existence " per se " , comprehensible in the social and religious context .
the guiding spirit of the merchant law was that it ought to evolve from commercial practice , respond to the needs of the merchants , and be comprehensible and acceptable to the merchants who submitted to it .
it has many of the characteristics of a dialect , with different forms from village to village , but mutually comprehensible .
care is taken to explain everything in a way that is understandable and comprehensible to young children .
kierkegaard believed that there is no human - comprehensible purpose of god , making faith in god absurd .
in his numerous books and stories depicting conflict in science - fictional or fantasy settings , anderson takes trouble to make both sides ' points of view comprehensible .
an underlying principle of information theory is that information must be comprehensible in order to be useful .
the god 's energies are " unbegotten " or " uncreated " just like the existences of god ( father , son , holy spirit ) both god 's existences and energies are experience - able or comprehensible .
here in eastern christianity god because of his ousia is beyond anything and all things comprehensible .
also , that i said whosoever findeth it findeth nothing and all things ; that is also true , for he findeth a supernatural , supersensual abyss , having no ground , where there is no place to dwell in ; and he findeth also nothing that is like it , and therefore it may be compared to nothing , for it is deeper than anything , and is as nothing to all things , for it is not comprehensible ; and because it is nothing , it is free from all things , and it is that only good , which a man can not express or utter what it is .
for sprat , as for a number of the founders of the royal society , science was protestant : its reasons and explanations had to be comprehensible to all .
" layering " the hardware architecture is important for keeping it sufficiently simple at each " layer " so that it remains comprehensible to a single mind .
homer loaned herb us$ 2000 , which herb used to build an invention that translated infantile speech into comprehensible english , based on observations he made of maggie .
usages have been documented not by prescriptive grammars , which on the whole are less comprehensible to the general public , but by comprehensive dictionaries , often termed unabridged , which attempt to list all usages of words and the phrases in which they occur as well as the date of first use and the etymology where possible .
the increase in worldwide communication has further increased the need for interacting parties to communicate mutually comprehensible time references to one another .
while strong forms of the various dialects are not normally comprehensible to most german speakers , there is virtually no communication barrier along the border between austria and germany , since people on both sides of the border speak very similarly .
he wrote , " ... everything is the sum of the past " and " ... nothing is comprehensible except through its history .
his nickname has no comprehensible justification except possibly as a result of these judgements , for the " liber historiae francorum " calls him a " famous man " and " a just man of good memory " .
this book is used to reinforce vocabulary and as a source of comprehensible input in hindi .
he also used , unlike poets of the earlier generations , marathi which was much more easily comprehensible to the reading public of his times .
some conjures up nonsensical situations , for instance edward lear 's poem , " the jumblies " has a perfectly comprehensible chorus .
english is comprehensible to educated class and marwadi , punjabi , newari etc are spoken by the non - native communities living in the terai .
utilizing the much shorter and more comprehensible four books would allow zhu to reach a much greater audience ( gardner , principle and pedagogy , 63 ) .
likewise , the language is generally more straight forward and comprehensible , eschewing ionesco ’s tendency toward abundant clichés and nonsense .
in 1956 , while maintaining the autonomy of the republican party from marxist economic theories and its position to the left of the political spectrum , he favored the unification of the three major socialist schools to make the divide between his party and theirs more comprehensible .
both cycles are comprehensible when seen in the context of the vargas era .
put together in speech , they can create comprehensible sentences , such as " i 'm not sure " + " if they 're " + " they 're going " to form " i 'm not sure if they 're going . "
many of the older hymns have been edited line by line and sometimes word by word , to make their language more comprehensible to modern worshippers and more applicable to the canadian context , and to remove language that would suggest that god is male or that all of humanity is male .
the nazi crimes lose their singularity in that they are at least made comprehensible as an answer to the ( still extant ) bolshevist threats of annihilation .
a dialect continuum is a network of dialects in which geographically adjacent dialects are mutually comprehensible , but with comprehensibility steadily decreasing as distance between the dialects increases .
a bi - plot provides a clear and comprehensible visual map of the relations between all the meaningful internal and external positions within the self in such a way that both types of positions are simultaneously visible .
on the contrary , polanski 's firsthand knowledge that such things can really happen to a boy results in a grounded and unusually matter - of - fact adaptation ... [ he ] does justice to dickens ' moral universe , in which the motives and worldview of even the worst people are made comprehensible . "
in his books kvetoslav minarik explains the spiritual teachings from a different viewpoint to make them comprehensible to a broad range of readers .
the book is infused with many real - world economic and biological examples , which help keep the book “ down to earth ” and comprehensible , if dense .
she comments that the novel is written for adult readers , but that the language is comprehensible to an intelligent child of twelve .
god 's ousia is uncreatediness , beyond existence , beyond no existence , god 's hyper - being is not something comprehensible to created beings .
" prelude to the tragedy " is a gleaming chrome harpoon of immaculate technical death metal , deftly interweaving cryptic riff - tangles with convolutional percussive violence to surprisingly comprehensible and utterly enjoyable results .
he deleted some passages which he considered obscene , and some which depended on topical jokes and other material which he felt were no longer comprehensible .
for the first time the original text was distinguished from later additions and made comprehensible with notes , and this work has provided the foundation for all subsequent work on this poetry . " canu taliesin " in 1960 covered the work of the other 6th century poet taliesin .
aside from this , long compound words are both relatively common and comprehensible .
some in the movement consider it a heresy and forbid it among their assemblies whereas it is embraced by others who consider it a more comprehensible and better edited version of the the spoken word .
on the right in the background , three angels have prepared a table for the celebration of the eucharist , a scene that becomes comprehensible only when seen in conjunction with the event in the foreground of the fresco .
he was in comprehensible pain , but he was still trying to make it happen . "
rtcmix has similar functionality to csound and other computer music languages , however , and their shared lineage means that scripts written for one language will be extremely familiar - looking ( if not immediately comprehensible ) to users of the other language .
problems for risk communicators involve how to reach the intended audience , to make the risk comprehensible and relatable to other risks , how to pay appropriate respect to the audience 's values related to the risk , how to predict the audience 's response to the communication , etc .
i believed that now music could renounce motivic features and remain coherent and comprehensible nevertheless " ( schoenberg 1975 , ) .
the eudrapharm database is accessible to the general public and the information thus made available is worded in an appropriate and comprehensible manner .
as such , the sign is generally comprehensible by many english speakers regardless of whether they have any fluency in german .
several varieties exist , but they are mutually comprehensible .
professor pat hanrahan was contacted by the department of defense with a project to make data more comprehensible to military analysts .
in 2001 the new york times published an article by former editor max frankel who said that while the paper covered the horrific reports emerging from europe of extermination camps , " they were mostly buried inside its gray and stolid pages , never featured , analyzed or rendered truly comprehensible . "
but that distinctive vocal style helped make the most comprehensible lines even catchier and more memorable , greatly enhancing the song 's appeal . "
( pages 3 - 4 ) , but the action is comprehensible : antiochus 's three servants , chrysalus , geta , and syrus , decide to betray their master .
a comprehensible world , in many ways ...
the league " americanized " the rules in the attempt to make the game more exciting , and comprehensible , to the average american sports fan .
text in classical otomi is not readily comprehensible , since the spanish speaking friars failed to differentiate the varied vowel and consonant sounds of the otomi language .
this information must be delivered in a way that is comprehensible to non specialists and , at the same time , actionable in terms of informing choices that matter .
interlingua literature maintains that ( written ) interlingua is comprehensible to the hundreds of millions of people who speak a romance language , though it is actively spoken by only a few hundred .
he considered the dialect of some of his textbooks as " more comprehensible for bulgarians from macedonia " ( " a big bulgarian reader book " , 1868 , p. 4 ) .
in his letter to miletic , the english writer alan sillitoe found his music “ full of life , grace and energy ” adding also that it is “ pure , clear and full of interest , as well as comprehensible to the heart ” . " - ( review by bosiljka peric - kempf , 10/2001 " the music days of miroslav miletic " program brochure )
we see a universal , comprehensible connection , and with that individuality likewise attains another character and nature , for it is no longer the plastic individuality of the ancients .
this practice , which is not universal , changes the " that " in line 12 from an abbreviated " so that " to a demonstrative ; the advantage of this procedure is that it renders comprehensible the " due " in line 12 .
anthroposophy , a spiritual philosophy founded by rudolf steiner , postulates the existence of an objective , intellectually comprehensible spiritual world accessible to direct experience through inner development — more specifically through cultivating conscientiously a form of thinking independent of sensory experience .
this version was the first animated depiction of snoopy with comprehensible dialogue .
it is worth noting that his muteness is shared by his grandfather who never speaks at all ( unlike leatherface grandpa never even makes any vocal sounds most likely because he is too old to speak).how his family understand him remains unknown , though it is suggested by the fact that he does seem to try speaking that he can talk but due to his limited intelligence ( which causes various characters in the films to call him a " retard " ) he can not enunciate comprehensible words and can only sound out words through grunts and yells only understandible by his family because they have been with him so long .
if it were wholly comprehensible , then it would just be another philosophy . "
" he mainly writes from the gut ( viscera , again ) , which makes him accessible and comprehensible and – to overuse the cliché – honest .
such was not representative of lynch 's intentions , but the studio considered it more comprehensible than the original two hour version .
among his most significant works is a 66 item collection called " lutsmunk i surb grots " ( better known as " zhghlank " , or " chats " ) , which was written at the request of king het'um i. it is written in the vernacular tongue , making it easily comprehensible and concerns itself with many questions related to the nature of life ( nature , the formation of celestial bodies , astronomy , botany and zoology , language , philosophical questions revolving around man , music , etc . ) .
he observed that , in the midst of a flourishing egyptian civil society and a cultural environment marked by innovations in literature , science and education , religious education had been left behind : the ideas of islamic religious reformers were not made accessible to the general public , and there was no serious effort to make the history and teachings of islam comprehensible to the young .
later analysis showed that bacrot 's recommendation could hold the draw in a relatively comprehensible fashion , and felecan and paehtz 's move could hold after some desperate ingenious squirming , but krush 's move would concede kasparov a forced win , if he could find it .
if an end user interaction with dates and times is required , the software will nearly always convert this internal number into a date and time representation that is comprehensible to humans .
this is comprehensible since it has fertile soils and a tropical climate .
an archaeological park is being designed and built , with the aim of making the site and its context accessible and comprehensible to visitors .
by definition , electronic records are not inherently human - readable - file formats encode information into a form which can only be processed and rendered comprehensible by very specific technological environments .
with the publication of provoking pamphlets , in which he justified the killing as an act of liberation , he was apparently risking his life deliberately , although not all motives of his behavior at this time are comprehensible nowadays , especially those concerning his relation to corday and her actions .
tchaikovsky sought expressive value in music that was immediately comprehensible and appreciable — in other words , what was apparent on the surface .
they were equipped with complicated interfaces comprehensible only to these select few .
in addition to recognition for its coverage of the iran election , the the poynter institute for media studies also reviewed the site in april 2009 , stating its usefulness " organizing the scattershot universe of all tweets into comprehensible topics about specific places , times , and reaction to news events . "
not in quiet , barely - comprehensible mumbles : while he slept , mcgregor would essentially narrate his dreams at conversational volume .
the character names drew heavily on the glasgow vernacular and were often only comprehensible to glaswegians .
the lecture proves less comprehensible than he had hoped and he drifts off to sleep and enters a dream world in which the speed of light is a mere 30 miles an hour .
it explained scientific concepts and recent research and in a 3 or 4 panel illustrated strip in an accessible and easily comprehensible way .
an alliance mission first seeks to intervene , then withdraws from direct contact , content to watch as two quasi - feudal , fundamentally - opposed societies develop , while a third , smaller group called the " weirds " becomes much more closely associated with the caliban , living with them rather than the other humans and becoming less comprehensible in the process .
this is quickly comprehensible by looking at the neutron with its magnetic dipole moment and hypothetical electric dipole moment .
the " five cs " summarize the copy editor 's job : make the copy ( i ) clear , ( ii ) correct , ( iii ) concise , ( iv ) comprehensible , and ( v ) consistent ; that is : " make it say what it means , and mean what it says " .
carpenter added several other new scenes and re - shot others in order to make the film more comprehensible , more frightening , and gorier .
in the north american version , his english is very poor , though still comprehensible .
lardil is the most divergent of the tankic languages , while the others are mutually comprehensible with yangkaal .
also , the use of a controlled language , combined with a machine - translation tool , will typically generate largely comprehensible translations .
the two main varieties ( western lombard language and eastern lombard language ) show differences and are often , but not always , mutually comprehensible .
libéracion is a word formed with the french word ' libération ' and the spanish word ' liberación ' which is comprehensible in english ( liberation ) and portuguese ( libertação ) .
" newbigin comments that the church should be both distinct from its culture and comprehensible by it .
according to alasania , the russian explanation of the april 20 spy plane shootdown which it provided during the security council meeting was “ not comprehensible ” , nor “
this intensity produces a kind of privacy that is comprehensible in terms of the cultural construction of homosexuality and its attendant institutions of privacy ...
however , the names are not comprehensible in gothic either , and it is not clear which is derived from which , except that we know that the elder futhark had a " p " , but no " q " rune .
this science postulates the existence of an objective , intellectually comprehensible spiritual world one is able to directly access through cultivating a form of thinking that is independent of sensory experience .
the third level gives the most comprehensible reading of the portal ’s composition .
interventive treatment makes an object more stable , but also more attractive and comprehensible to the viewer .
bertone remarked , " after almost two decades , an evaluation of how the dicasteries are organised is more than comprehensible , in order to reflect on how to make the existing structures more efficient for the mission of the church and eventually to consider whether all of them should be maintained " .
the text in this website was created using his clout rule set , which , combined with google ’s language tools , produce machine - generated translations that are largely comprehensible , if not completely well - formed .
the objective of sms language is to use the fewest number of characters needed to convey a comprehensible message , also as many telecommunication companies have an sms character limit , another benefit of sms language is to reduce the character count of a message , hence , punctuation , grammar , and capitalization are largely ignored .
psychiatrists r. d. laing , silvano arieti , theodore lidz and others have argued that the symptoms of what is called mental illness are comprehensible reactions to impossible demands that society and particularly family life places on some sensitive individuals .
the symbolism that diophantus introduced for the first time , and undoubtedly devised himself , provided a short and readily comprehensible means of expressing an equation ...
the seeming sense- and directionlessness of the riots was n’t comprehensible .
the finnish spoken in eastern regions , from storfjord to porsanger , is quite distinct , although comprehensible for people from finland .
eurogamer 's hands - on preview from the game 's closed beta test reported that " shattered horizon is intuitively playable and immediately comprehensible " .
however , differing ( if mutually comprehensible ) writing systems have been adopted in jersey , guernsey and mainland normandy .
reality , however , proves less mundane and certainly less comprehensible than he had hoped .
more complicated concepts are broken down into smaller parts which then are explained in a way easily understandable and comprehensible to young children .
the segment began with one video on screen then became two , then four , then eight and so on until it reached dozens and although nothing said was comprehensible , they all ended at the same time with ' i 'm alan jones ' .
sequerome directly queries the input sequence against a variety of databases / tools ( ‘ popular public domains’ and ‘ privately hosted services’ ) including blast , pdb , rebase and others , and generates outputs that are intuitive and easily comprehensible .
the development of self - awareness at around two years of age has also been proposed as an explanation , where memories are inherently associated with one 's sense of self , such that memories encoded before self - awareness develops are not comprehensible to the individual even though some information is stored in the brain .
“ by providing a comprehensible framework for assessing and comparing global gender gaps and by revealing those countries that are role models in dividing these resources equitably between women and men , the report serves as a catalyst for greater awareness as well as greater exchange between policymakers . ”
it has many similarities with the shanghainese and suzhou dialect , but is largely not comprehensible between the speakers .
in his book " recovering sarepta , an ancient phoenician city " ( 1978 ) he made the discovery comprehensible to the average reader in lucid prose .
the signals received from the assortment of sensors are converted and calculated to provide comprehensible information .
furthermore , as chinese law is intended to be educative , the language of the law is that of the ordinary language comprehensible to the average citizen , although many laws are drafted in broad and indeterminate language .
appel and haken agreed in a 1977 interview that it was not " elegant , concise and completely comprehensible by a human mathematical mind "
some musicians and music publishers who well understand that two octaves is the interval of a 15th and " 8va " is an abbreviation for the italian " ottava " still use the notation " 16va " , especially in music intended for amateurs or children , because they feel " 16va " is more immediately comprehensible than " 15ma " , especially to non - italian speakers .
the purpose of fsmt is to provide large quantities of high - interest comprehensible input ( see monitor theory ) , which has been identified by researchers , primarily stephen krashen , as a necessary element for successful language acquisition .
a certain religious scholar said , ' for every qur'anic verse there are sixty thousand understandings [ comprehensible to man ] .
it is impossible that there should be liberty , for if so the mechanical order of phenomena , by means of which they are comprehensible , would be disturbed , and we should have an unintelligible world , coupled with the requirement that it shall be understood .
it is convenient and comprehensible for passengers to have hourly or bi - hourly service .
the language would have had to have been revised for the poems to remain comprehensible .
according to its website , philosophy now " aims to corrupt innocent citizens by convincing them that philosophy can be exciting , worthwhile and comprehensible , and also to provide some light and enjoyable reading matter for those already ensnared by the muse , such as philosophy students and academics . "
employers must conduct training in a language comprehensible to employees to be in compliance with the standard .
on this basis , patton ( 1977 ) and troup ( 1999 ) argued that augustine viewed interpretation as rhetorical invention that aimed to provide an adaptation of the biblical text to match the beliefs of the audience while simultaneously making the obscure language of the bible comprehensible .
with the use of multi - agent models understanding these complex behaviors has become a much more comprehensible task .
the traditional language of the inuit is a system of closely interrelated dialects that are not readily comprehensible from one end of the inuit world to the other , and some people do not think of it as a single language but rather as a group of languages .
in developmental biology , this is one of the comprehensible examples of chemotaxis .
the main drawbacks of the open1x client are that it does not provide comprehensible and extensive user documentation and the fact that most linux vendors do not provide a package for it .
developed by merrill swain , the comprehensible output ( co ) hypothesis states that learning takes place when encountering a gap in the linguistic knowledge of the l2 .
there is also extensive bilingualism in mandjak , a closely - related language which is largely mutually comprehensible , as well as in other minority languages spoken in the area , such as mandinka and jola .
this , it is claimed , is what makes reality comprehensible .
consequently , languages evolved or loaned terms such " dozen " , " gross " and " great gross " , which allow for rudimentary and arguably immediately comprehensible duodecimal nomenclature ( e.g. , stating : " two gross and six dozen " instead of " three hundred and sixty " ) .
one of india 's most influential scholars of comparative religion and philosophy , radhakrishnan is considered through his efforts to have built a bridge between east and west by having shown the philosophical systems of each tradition to be comprehensible within the terms of the other .
now that i am more used to hear the russian language i can understand the service so much better , and many things have become clear to me and comprehensible which at first rather startled me .
one may say that , starting from the church 's decision in the early late latin period to use a simple and unornamented language that would be comprehensible to ordinary latin speakers and yet still be elegant and correct , church latin is usually a discernible substyle within the major style of the period .
the comprehensible output theory is closely related to the need hypothesis , which states that we acquire language forms only when we " need " to communicate or make ourselves understood .
he has a semi - comprehensible accent and was often impersonated on air by other regular callers , especially during triple m.
both representations convey essentially the same information , but the tabular representation is arguably more comprehensible to someone who is not familiar with the nfpa 704 standard .
german was used in the political field to comment on the laws and the ordinances in order to make them comprehensible to everyone .
however , it must be at a level that is comprehensible to them .
such strivings provide stability to people ’s lives , making their experiences more coherent , orderly , and comprehensible than they would be otherwise .
using the language as a means to get to know students and to get them interested in the message is an effective way of delivering input that is both comprehensible and interesting .
kamm concluded , " wikipedia is indeed comprehensible , and some of its articles effectively mimic the language of scholarly reference .
the most regularly taught topics in one ’s subject area , the most useful forms of representation of those ideas , the most powerful analogies , illustrations , examples , explanations , and demonstrations - in a word , the ways of representing and formulating the subject that make it comprehensible to others ”
" the economist " heralded the initial publication of " watership down " with , " if there is no place for “ watership down ” in children ’s bookshops , then children ’s literature is dead . " peter prescott , senior book reviewer at " newsweek " , gave the novel a glowing review : " adams handles his suspenseful narrative more dextrously than most authors who claim to write adventure novels , but his true achievement lies in the consistent , comprehensible and altogether enchanting civilisation that he has created . "
the american release also eliminates much of the dialogue about the anti gravity device , called " regrav " that makes the denouement of the film less comprehensible .
as alluded to above , surrealist artists often found that their use of ' automatic drawing ' was not entirely automatic , rather it involved some form of conscious intervention to make the image or painting visually acceptable or comprehensible , " ...
the review in the " pittsburgh post - gazette " called it a " succinct , short and comprehensible volume ... full of sharp , almost aphoristic , amusing observations " .
some ideograms are comprehensible only by familiarity with prior convention ; others convey their meaning through pictorial resemblance to a physical object , and thus may also be referred to as pictograms .
this , along with the record 's unusually comprehensible lyrics , led to mixed reviews for the album : some critics accused the group of selling out and producing an ' accessible album , ' while others praised the new direction as a felicitous development worthy of comparison with " heaven or las vegas " .
consilience , or the unity of knowledge ( literally a " jumping together " of knowledge ) , has its roots in the ancient greek concept of an intrinsic orderliness that governs our cosmos , inherently comprehensible by logical process , a vision at odds with mystical views in many cultures that surrounded the hellenes .
using a telepathic field , the tardis automatically translates most comprehensible languages ( written and spoken ) into a language understood by its pilot and each of the crew members .
rather than god 's hyper - being ( ousia ) as , infinite and never comprehensible to a finite mind or consciousness .
economists in favor of the nordic model of organization argue that it is far simpler and more immediately comprehensible than is the case in the other european countries .
the renaissance also renewed interest in nature considered as an organic whole comprehensible independently of theology , as in the work of nicholas of kues , giordano bruno , and telesius .
students will learn techniques to help with clear and comprehensible pronunciation .
their purpose is to make god more comprehensible to the human reader .
the plays are internationally comprehensible since they are silent .
these early visions of rua contained little appeal to european understanding , but his messianic dreams for his people incorporated other pragmatic and comprehensible schemes .
it has been shown that following these principles when designing traffic signs will make the signs more comprehensible . minimizing the time and effort it takes drivers to interpret traffic signs may help to reduce driver mental workload and frustration .
there is little novelty in the setting , but it is a comprehensible fantasy .
it is often said to have been a book that was officially venerated within nazism , but that few actually read beyond the first chapter or even found comprehensible .
he would often use foreign languages in front of the camera , albeit not always comprehensible .
some groups of pentecostals and charismatics have come to emphasize the idea of speaking in the language of angels and consider most tongues to be languages that is not comprehensible to human beings .
" where do you start ? testing is a complicated affair and with anything complicated , you approach it in small , comprehensible pieces to be sure you do n't make mistakes . "
the root of the word has many meanings in semitic languages including " west / sunset , " " desert , " " mingle , " " merchant , " " raven " and are " comprehensible " with all of these having varying degrees of relevance to the emergence of the name .
duyuan is able to make logical conclusions from yue su and cai zifeng 's recollections of the manual and compiles a comprehensible version of the manual , which later falls into the hands of the sun moon holy cult when they raid mount hua .
ambrose argued that the difficulties or seeming impossibilities in the scriptures must be understood as allegories requiring interpretation to make them comprehensible , which assuaged augustine 's discomfort regarding what he saw as the bible 's stylistic irregularities , logical flaws , and frequent lapses in morals .
she has always written up her scientific findings in comprehensible language , so that they can be understood by colleagues from related disciplines and interested laypeople .
for this transposition to be comprehensible to the greatest number .
it is comprehensible : the plot is both logical and probable , following linear series of events . "
