the considerable technical accomplishment of his music ought to compel respect , but he seems to have fallen between two stools : his works are too complex for the conservatively - minded , yet too obviously traditional for the avant - garde ( they are also notoriously difficult to perform ) .
he continues with this approach in the final lines of this section where he proposes that even if archias were not enrolled as a citizen , his virtuous qualities should compel us to enroll him .
the holder of a mortgage without this clause has only two options : either to wait until all of the payments come due or convince a court to compel a sale of some parts of the property in lieu of the past due payments .
in march , an act was passed to " encourage and compel george robinson and john thomson ( sic ) to appear ... and disclose the effects " of the charitable corporation a royal proclamation was made on 17 march for apprehending burroughs and squire with a reqward of £ 500 from the treasury .
most general obligation pledges at the local government level include a pledge to levy a property tax to meet debt service requirements , in which case holders of general obligation bonds have a right to compel the borrowing government to levy that tax to satisfy the local government 's obligation . because property owners are usually reluctant to risk losing their holding due to unpaid property tax bills , credit rating agencies often consider a general obligation pledge to have very strong credit quality and frequently assign them investment grade ratings .
what 's more , the university charters were altered to compel all students to reside either in government - sanctioned dormitories or personal family homes .
in archaic law , a computo was a writ , thus called from its effect , which was to compel a bailiff , chamberlain , or receiver to yield his accounts .
robert e. lee , now besieged in petersburg , was concerned about hunter 's advances and sent jubal early 's corps to sweep union forces from the valley and , if possible , to menace washington , d.c. , hoping to compel grant to dilute his forces around petersburg .
ranking member of the senate judiciary committee arlen specter ( r - pa ) said that the committee had “ really had no response from the white house ” regarding possible testimony on the firing of several u.s. attorneys , and that that had prompted the subpoena to compel a response .
robert pape , has argued that at least terrorists utilizing suicide attacks — a particularly effective form of terrorist attack — are driven not by islamism but by " a clear strategic objective : to compel modern democracies to withdraw military forces from the territory that the terrorists view as their homeland . "
on january 7 , 2009 anwar filed an application to compel the syariah high court to prosecute saiful after the prosecution failed to proceed with the criminal case .
the first truly pacific blockade , involving no shooting at all , was the british blockade of the republic of new granada in 1837 , established to compel new granada to release an imprisoned british consul .
in 907/908 the saffarid prince al - laith invaded makran after ' isa had gone into arrears on the required payments , and was able to compel the ma'danid to give three years ' worth of tribute .
hawley said the soldiers would compel her to cook for them and she furnished provisions for them through fear that they would kill her .
a smaller number may adjourn from day to day and compel the presence of its absent members .
a black comedy and comedy horror , the series tells the story of a fictional serial killer named johnny c. as he explores the psychological and possibly supernatural forces which compel him to commit a string of murders .
the resolution continued by outlining the secretary - general 's role in consultations with the government of south africa and resolving issues related to the implementation of resolution 435 , urging south africa to cooperate with him , and that failure to do so will compel the security council to take further action under chapter vii .
it was after this that diana discovered that the lasso could compel truth .
" compel " sailed from san francisco , california , 22 june 1944 as escort for a tug group which arrived in pearl harbor 3 july .
an investigation by pope gregory ix had already been started , june 9 , in which the pope had issued a mandate to the bishop of rathlure , the bishop of raphoe , and the archdeacon of raphoe , authorising them to investigate the legality of odo 's election , and if they found it to have accorded with canon law , to consecrate him as bishop of galloway and compel gilbert to restore everything he had taken ; the results of this investigation are not known .
" ferguson " was brought as a test case by patent attorney scott harris in what proved to be an unsuccessful effort to compel the pto to accept as patent - eligible subject matter a “ paradigm , ” which is a pattern for a business organization .
no one shall compel them to render any services except those which they have been accustomed to render .
but ranjit singh hesitated to act upon their advice , lest the mirza should compel him to surrender unconditionally , by detaining her in mughal camp .
he emphasized the enormous and pervasive power of parents , teachers , religious leaders , political figures , and others to compel induction .
this new test dictates that : “ a union may constitutionally compel contributions from dissenting nonmembers in an agency shop only for the costs of performing the union 's statutory duties as exclusive bargaining agent . ”
the power to compel documents and testimony is vested in the president of the senate , speaker of the house of representatives , or either of the chairman of any committee ( connecticut has joint committees , with a chairman from each house of the general assembly ) .
a smaller number may adjourn from day to day and may compel attendance of absent members .
however , the power and influence of the heretics was so demoralising to the faithful that some cistercian monks from villemagne near agde abandoned their vows and their monastery to marry and the archbishop was unable to compel them to return without papal interference , which was probably ineffectual as well .
he wrote four western novels with a hero named tackett , a drifter who falls into situations that compel him to rescue women in distress .
taken by cars returned to scene in early 2007 and have become notable in manila 's indie rock scene that fans began to compel local radio stations for them to play the band 's first single , " a weeknight memoir
in his explanation of absolute war clausewitz defined war as " an act of violence intended to compel our opponent to fulfill our will " .
the world at large knew better ; but even temple warned him , in the case of " essays and reviews , " you will not keep friends if you compel them to feel that in every crisis of life they must be on their guard against trusting you . "
if our soldiers are driven back , the next line in their rear must force those before them forward , and compel them to scale the walls , cost what it may .
the department of labor wanted to compel local 2 to produce originals of all its records at the department of labor 's office in may 2007 .
this would , hooker hoped , compel lee to withdraw from fredericksburg while cutting him off from supplies and transportation .
compel the ghost to take himself off : they have given him
the armenians accepted persian rule , provided they were allowed to practice christianity ; but yazdegerd ii , concerned that the armenian church was obedient to the latin- and greek - speaking , roman - aligned western christian church rather than the aramaic - speaking , persian - backed nestorian church , tried to compel the armenian church to abandon rome and byzantium in favor of the nestorians .
although he had singled out alvinczi as his main target , it was only too clear that an aggressive move on the part of davidovich or even by wurmser might compel the french to abandon their operations against the main austrian army and move every available man to reinforce the threatened area .
he used a careful combination of intimidation and force to compel the native american tribes of washington territory to sign treaties that handed over most of their lands and rights to stevens ' government .
uss compel ( am-162 ) was an admirable - class minesweeper built for the u.s. navy during world war ii .
this rang false within solusandra , as she knew that she was n't much without her emotions , the driving force of action , the reactive feelings that compel us toward expression , in thought , word , deed , in obtaining of knowledge and forging beliefs and creating art , this part of us that is the bearer of the knowledge that we exist kept there to remind us that we are .
in " kastigar v. united states " , the supreme court held that the government need only grant use immunity to compel testimony .
the christian sozomen acknowledges that julian did not compel christians to offer sacrifice nor did he allow the people to commit any act of injustice towards the christians or insult them .
the tiny force of gravity that could compel the cloud to collapse is counter - balanced by the very faint pressure of the gas in the cloud .
this is achieved by sacrificing most of his already small force to compel black to repeat moves : 1.nf4 qd3 + ( otherwise 2.ne2 + leads to mate ) 2.nxd3 + cxd3 3.qc3 + bxc3 4.ne5 kc2 5.nc4 kc1 6.ne5 and black has nothing more than a draw by repetition .
the hearing is considered informal because the committees do not have power to compel testimony or grant immunity and conservative mps would not be represented .
in this case , a national theocracy could in fact compel intra - national compliance with the fatwā , since a central authority is the source .
his typical style of comparing and communicative double edge sentences compel the viewers to get glued to mini - box .
sanders has been seeking to compel the state to release information about the 2006 violent offender controversy .
but game situations can compel changes in strategy .
" there seems to be no little need that the whole doctrine of non - interference with foreign nations should be reconsidered , if it can be said to have as yet been considered as a really moral question at all ... to go to war for an idea , if the war is aggressive , not defensive , is as criminal as to go to war for territory or revenue ; for it is as little justifiable to force our ideas on other people , as to compel them to submit to our will in any other respect .
white argued that the principle of cabinet solidarity , which would normally compel him to vote against the motion , did not apply in this case because there was no official government policy on the matter .
such process is usually " served " upon a party , to compel that party to come to court , and may take the form of a summons , mandate , subpoena , warrant , or other written demand issued by a court .
as the legates had no mandate to compel becket to accept them as judges , the negotiations came to an end with the king and bishops still appealing to the papacy .
" if you do so , you will do well , and that which you are obliged to do to their highnesses , and we in their name shall receive you in all love and charity , and shall leave you , your wives , and your children , and your lands , free without servitude , that you may do with them and with yourselves freely that which you like and think best , and they shall not compel you to turn christians , unless you yourselves , when informed of the truth , should wish to be converted to our holy catholic faith , as almost all the inhabitants of the rest of the islands have done .
these laws , which were rigidly enforced , any violation of them being punished with a fine of from 300 to 2,000 maravedís and flagellation , were calculated to compel the jews to embrace christianity .
in the 2009 case of " harris v. blockbuster , inc. " , the plaintiff argued that blockbuster 's provision to compel arbitration and forbid class action lawsuits was illusory and unconscionable .
at this time sir lachlan mor maclean renewed the old quarrel with coll , in order to compel obedience to his chiefship .
according to an essay at concordia university 's faculty of fine arts gallery website , these hand - knit articles of clothing are designed to be worn by two people , and they , " as the name states , compel the wearers into uncharacteristic proximity . "
shortly after march 1 , 2006 , other parties began proceedings to compel the state of new york to enforce its tax laws on sales to non - indians on indian land .
this is because , typically , few punitive actions exists in the realm of international law that can sufficiently compel a power to follow its obligations at all costs , and therefore , the incentives to breaking ranks can sometimes be rather high , especially when the state does not agree with the actions taken by the other members of its coalition .
to quote prof wilde directly " ... to compel a person to use protection from the consequences of hazardous driving , as seat belt laws do , is to encourage hazardous driving .
gardner 's philosophy may be summarized as follows : there is nothing supernatural , and nothing in human reason or visible in the world to compel people to believe in god .
the articles agreed upon were to be accepted in the sense of their theologians ; the monasteries and chapter - houses might be called on to inaugurate a reform ; the ecclesiastics , monasteries , and chapter - houses , that had embraced the confession of augsburg , were to remain in the full possession of their property ; the protestants were not to compel the subjects of catholic princes to embrace their faith , but if anyone came to them spontaneously , he was not to be hindered ; the members of the imperial court of justice were not to be molested , if they turned protestants ; and the recess of augsburg was to have force only in matters not appertaining to religion .
—fluttering white hands beat — compel .
the slave - driving ants regularly capture the pupae from the nest of other species of ants , carry them to their own nest and compel the workers emerging from the pupae to breed their own brood .
on july 7 , 2008 , a three judge panel of the united states court of appeals for the first circuit ( no . 07 - 2286 ) denied an appeal by capeem and decided that " capeem has not shown that the massachusetts district court abused its discretion in denying the motion to compel . "
security issues compel the villagers to store rations for both humans and animals , which is then utilized during the long winters .
although a " kabya " himself , he banned chinese - language education , and created other measures to compel the chinese to leave .
infighting and guilt compel jude , pete , marc , and paulie , in an almost unanimous decision with only the dissent of luke , to spare a teenage opponent of mandatory sex education ( bryn erin ) .
( a prophecy could , for example , state that a person should serve a mission , but the prophecy does not compel him or her to do so ; he or she is free to accept or reject this calling . )
for the invasion of iraq the rationale was " the united states relied on the authority of un security council resolutions 678 and 687 to use all necessary means to compel iraq to comply with its international obligations " .
bent on abusing this council and the threat of referral and sanctions as an instrument of pressure to compel iran to abandon the exercise of its npt guaranteed right to peaceful nuclear technology ...
from this it follows that it is wrong for a public authority to compel its citizens by force or fear or any other means to profess or repudiate any religion or to prevent anyone from joining or leaving a religious body .
buckland noted that he had supervised 56 pictures in a single year and added , " studio necessitities compel him to supervise the art work on a number of productions at one time .
thus , not only do the symptoms of major depression serve as costly and therefore honest signals of need , they also compel reluctant social partners to respond to that need in order to prevent their own fitness from being reduced .
administrative law judges have the authority to compel the appearance of witnesses at a hearing .
louis had hoped to compel the powerful german princes , and their holy roman emperor , leopold i , into converting the 1684 truce of ratisbon into a permanent peace , thus confirming louis ' territorial gains of the ‘
mack received national attention in mack v. united states ( later restyled to printz v. united states ) in his tenure as a local sheriff for opposition to the brady handgun violence prevention act on the basis that it is unconstitutional due to congressional action to compel state officers to execute federal law .
cadwaladr fled to ireland and hired a norse fleet from dublin , bringing the fleet to abermenai to compel owain to reinstate him .
the reinforcements that were sent to the muslims at yarmouk arrived in small bands , giving the impression of a continuous stream of reinforcements , in order to demoralize the byzantines and compel them to attack .
toni morrison 's intention ( revealed in interviews ) was to compel the reader to become active rather than passive and work to discover what is going on .
the conditions under which the government can compel the sale of privately owned real property for public benefit are established by eminent domain laws of either the federal or state governments , respectively .
the allies had confidently expected that victory in a major set - piece battle would compel louis xiv to accept peace on allied terms , but after malplaquet ( the bloodiest european battle of the 18th century ) , that strategy had lost its validity : villars had only to avoid defeat for a compromise peace settlement to become inevitable .
while in prison , digia and other cos conducted hunger strikes to compel the prison system to integrate its dining halls .
a person may also raise a duress defense when force or violence is used to compel him to enter into a contract , or to discharge one .
another possibility is that relevant government agencies might reasonably believe that it is easier to use pre - existing judicial procedures to compel production of evidence rather than the more cumbersome and difficult procedures that ultimately found their way into part iii .
in 1990 , then deputy prime minister goh chok tong said in parliament : " i would rather that a government has the flexibility to appoint the right person to be the minister for finance , than to compel that government to select from whoever is available in the house . "
according to ibn ishaq , when the banu nadir 's treasurer kinana ibn al - rabi was discovered hiding some of the tribe 's wealth , he was tortured by muhammad 's order to compel him to reveal the location of the rest , then beheaded .
opponents of the concept describe what they believe to be biases which propel the development and acceptance of such technologies ; namely , a bias towards functionality and efficiency that may compel assent to a view of human people which de - emphasizes as defining characteristics actual manifestations of humanity and personhood , in favor of definition in terms of upgrades , versions , and utility .
the population of rittersberg , the seat of the schattenjägers , are well aware of his family 's reputation and when word reaches them of what is reported to be a werewolf attack in munich , they compel gabriel to go and investigate .
a " motion to compel " asks the court to order either the opposing party or a third party to take some action .
compel for windows was based on equinox database technology ( by compsoft plc ) , allowing clients to configure and customise the system to their individual requirements .
gender justice issues compel us to accept the truth that women are human beings created in god ’s image .
in a 2009 case netbula , llc v. chordiant software inc. , defendant chordiant filed a motion to compel nebula to disable the robots.txt file on its web site that was causing the wayback machine to retrospectively remove access to previous versions of pages it had archived from nebula 's site , pages which chordiant believed would support its case .
riou and " amazon " were then assigned to sir hyde parker 's expedition to the baltic in 1801 , to compel the danes to abandon the league of armed neutrality .
such legislation often regulates mergers and sometimes introduces a judicial power to compel divestiture .
the subpoena enforcement action seeks to set aside these privileges on various legal grounds , including the crime - fraud exception , and to compel brunson 's firm to provide the requested documents and testimony .
he uses one to create a map of the united states in order to compel the dumbstruck jenny to take him to arizona ( ' arizona -
before they leave , trian privately reminds hugh of his honor— hugh accepted a contract to kill bane , and his honor should compel him to carry it out .
the initial concept of partisan warfare was the use of troops raised from the local population in a war zone , or in some cases regular forces , that would operate behind enemy lines to disrupt communications , seize posts or villages as forward operating bases , ambush convoys , impose war taxes or contributions , raid logistical stockpiles , and compel enemy forces to disperse and protect their base of operations .
the petition seeks to compel the companies to identify all of the ingredients used in their products .
also , the commission found that un resolution 1441 " can not reasonably be interpreted as authorising individual member states to use military force to compel iraq to comply with the security council 's resolutions . " .
attempts have been made in the united states house of representatives ( h.r. 226 ) and the united states senate ( s. 388 ) to enact legislation to compel complete reciprocity for concealed carry licenses .
therefore , the british sent major george washington to try to compel the french to leave their posts , with no success .
the government stated that it had " no power to compel employers to take back every man who had been on strike . "
st. peter damian came to limoges in 1062 as papal legate , to compel the monks to accept the supremacy of the order of cluny .
the rich asiatic shores of the hellespont afforded them a tempting prospect ; and while leonnorius returned to byzantium , in order to compel the inhabitants of that city to give him the means of transporting his troops to asia , lutarius contrived to capture a few vessels , with which he conveyed all the force remaining under his command across the hellespont .
coercion and torture were commonly used to compel " cooperation . "
the court affirmed the denial of the employer 's motion to stay and to compel arbitration .
this act would compel president bush to begin relegating troops from iraq within 90 days of remote passage , or , according to clinton , congress would have to dismantle their authorization for the war .
designed to compel the release of individuals deprived of their liberty in violation of
although the battle of new orleans had no influence on the terms of the treaty of ghent , the defeat at new orleans did compel britain to abide by the treaty .
vinding kruse was an adherent to the pure philosophy of natural law and was a sharp critic of the idea that courts should consist of an elite group to compel the masses toward a higher moral condition by controlling man 's natural evil tendencies .
sir thomas smith commented that the jury system in the time of elizabeth could not exist without the ability to compel testimony using the writ subpoena .
piedmontese troops occupied the smaller italian states and the legations , and the french proved unwilling to pressure them to withdraw and allow the restoration of the old order , while the austrians no longer had the power to compel it .
in turn , the law requires the person detained to “ identify himself ” , but does not compel the person to answer any other questions put to him by the officer .
its aim was to prevent essential supplies from reaching german forces in central italy and compel a german withdrawal .
the scope section is inartfully drafted because a literal reading would compel use of clauses which are specifically limited to scientific and technical information - you have to use the much broader far clauses to go after " data " which is not scientific or technical information .
in season one the lasso had the power to compel those bound to tell the truth .
at the end of the dance , they attempt to use sharra in order to compel lew to follow with them again , but regis uses his new born gift in order to rescue lew .
kara was able to compel it to separate back into box ( roger bochs ) and scramble , but scramble then lobotomized bochs and reformed omega .
“ whether on the level of sacrosanct devotion or pop culture kitsch , these forms become as relevant as the world ’s finest art because they compel people to react ; the objects in this book , emblazoned with faces and symbols recognized the world over , have been appraised at stunningly high sums , been toured around the globe and have inspired people to travel , pray and steal ” .
the united states bankruptcy court has powers to compel production of documents from a non - debtor corporation or person concerning transactions involving the debtor corporation or person .
after the first few months the emperor gave him only a very lukewarm support ; and with his retirement in 1865 the attempt to carry out the ideals of joseph ii to germanize while he liberalized the whole of the empire , and to compel hungarians , poles , czechs and croatians to accept a system in which the government of the whole should be carried on by a german - speaking parliament and bureaucracy , failed .
during 1997 and 1998 , the 86th aw supported continued operations in the persian gulf region , operations northern watch and southern watch , as well as phoenix scorpion i - iv , the deployment of forces as a show of force to compel iraq to comply with un weapons inspectors .
in 411 bc , on the revolt of abydos and lampsacus , strombichides sailed from chios with twenty four ships , and recovered lampsacus , but was unable either to persuade or compel abydos to return to its allegiance ; and accordingly he crossed over to sestus , and there established a garrison to command the whole of the hellespont .
to compel them to remain in statu quo , to hold diplomas obtained only after rigid examinations in dutch and french by state officials , to furnish almost endless accounts and writings regarding convents , schools , finances , and subjects , were some of the measures adopted to harass and destroy all teaching orders ; but mother st. joseph 's tact , clear - sightedness , and zeal for souls saved the institute .
in january 2008 , public citizen filed suit to compel the fda to respond to their 2006 petition .
they objected to the use of congressional action to compel state officers to execute federal law .
when no help was forthcoming and the armies of the combined nations occupied warsaw to compel by force of arms the calling of the assembly , no alternative could be chosen save passive submission to their will .
the abhorsen combines charter magic and free magic in his / her bells to compel and control the dead , righting the wrongs created by necromancers or others who pervert the nature of life and dead .
in such cases , however , as the law gave no protection , it seems to have been considered lawful to use any means in order to compel the individuals who had taken refuge to leave the sanctuary , except dragging them out by personal violence .
keeping their initial fire focused on the " governor clark " , the british force was able to damage the gunboat and compel it to retreat downriver .
buchanan said that the dred scott decision was proof that the south had no reason for secession , and that the union " was intended to be perpetual " , but that " the power by force of arms to compel a state to remain in the union " was not among the " enumerated powers granted to congress " .
the drcsa had offered to compel only new members of the drcsa to submit to the confession , and to request existing members to submit to it voluntarily , but this offer was rejected by the urcsa .
aziz rejected both submissions , finding that article 36 provided for " unlimited circumstances for the menteri besar to request for dissolution from the sultan , " and that although article 16(6 ) suggests the menteri besar should resign , it can not automatically compel him to do so .
brent hears voices that compel him to kill nova , but he resists them .
gainey & mckenna 's lawsuit seeks to bar the company from false advertising in marketing its test and to compel the firm to honor its money - back guarantee .
every power wanted to secure immunity for itself and was more or less ready to compel tripoli , tunis , algiers , sale and the rest to respect only its own trade and subjects .
in " kentucky v. dennison " , the supreme court held that the federal courts may not compel state governors to surrender fugitives through the issue of writs of mandamus .
if a subordinate court refuses to state a case , an applicant may apply to the high court for a mandatory order ( formerly known as a " mandamus " ) to try and compel the subordinate court to do so .
this action was brought to compel attorney general kleindienst to grant a temporary nonimmigrant visa to a belgian journalist and marxian theoretician whom the american plaintiff - appellees , ernest mandel et al .
he was brought to the veil headquarters , and interrogated for information on the team by the veil ’s leader , who calls himself the superior . injected with a serum to compel him to answer their questions , visionary divulged everything about the team and how they were brought together by warner .
slobodan milosevic , with his propaganda machine and paramilitary forces which compel people to give up their country , identity , and property , or a state like romania which has built a democracy respecting the rights of ethnic minorities ? "
whereas taste cells in the mouth are designed to compel a person to spit out a toxin , these stomach cells may act to force a person to spit up the toxins in the form of vomit .
satan , attempting to fulfill the prophecy , kidnaps orb and attempts to use magic to compel orb to marry him .
... the defective state of the drainage , the disrepair of the streets and roads , the number and increase of nuisances in the locality , and the inability of the inhabitants to either to compel a proper and efficient system of drainage or to control or abate any nuisance , or to make any sanitary or other regulations for the well being of the community ...
in other words , so far as the writ affects the action of inferior courts , its use is not to be extended to compel the rendition of a particular judgment , in accordance with the views of a higher court .
an investigation by pope gregory ix had already been started , june 9 , in which the pope had issued a mandate to the bishop of rathlure , the bishop of raphoe , and the archdeacon of raphoe , authorising them to investigate the legality of odo 's election , and if they found it to have accorded with canon law , to consecrate him as bishop of galloway and compel gilbert to restore everything he had taken ; the results of this investigation are unknown , and gilbert retained his bishopric .
the irish republican army , although it spent most of these years fighting in the irish civil war , aimed to use armed force end partition and compel the united kingdom to withdraw sovereignty from northern ireland .
the injunctions compel shac to print the injunction on their website , so that shac 's action targets are juxtaposed with a legal notification that there is a 50-yard exclusion zone around the homes of employees and places of business .
as defined in the gazette of pakistan , a " sardar " , " tumandar " or chief of a tribe is a person who is accepted as the leader of a tribe , under any custom or usage or otherwise could obtain free labour from other persons or compel them to work against their will .
although not specifically mentioned in the constitution , congress has also long asserted the power to investigate and the power to compel cooperation with an investigation .
her technical abilities unnerve the other techs , but her obvious physical charms compel them to stare at her , except for pitr , who is convinced she is evil .
though the treaty does not compel countries to apply these measures to ships under its own flag , they are free to include them under the agreement .
since they were often called upon to arrest people and to compel them to supply forced labor , the french usually recruited them from outside the cercle where they served .
after his second rejection , bakke filed an action in state court for mandatory , injunctive , and declaratory relief to compel his admission to davis , alleging that the special admissions program operated to exclude him on the basis of his race in violation of the equal protection clause of the fourteenth amendment , a provision of the california constitution , and 601 of title vi of the civil rights act of 1964 ( which provides that no person shall on the ground of race or color be excluded from participating in any program receiving federal financial assistance ) .
however , the court did not compel the government to provide services such as water to any bushmen who returned to the reserve .
the most damning phrases seem to have been " i ca n't see how the government can compel troops to france " and " if it was up to me , i 'd tell them to go to hell . "
furthermore , he ordered that his lieutenants , militia leaders , captains and all other military officers should not compel their men to go to other towns for military parades , but rather that others should come to icod to perform them .
the schools of philosophy which he thought he could compel , by turning their own weapons against them , to recognize the truth of christianity , took practically no notice of his ardent contentions , while the church not only was unable to accept his system as the true christian philosophy and to supplant with it the scholastic system , but was finally obliged to reject it as unsound .
although president kennedy had sent federal troops to compel the university of mississippi to admit african american james meredith , intervened when alabama governor george wallace blocked two african americans ' vivian malone and james hood from enrolling at the university of alabama and proposed what would become the civil rights act of 1964 , the failure to seat the delegates of the mississippi freedom democratic party at the 1964 democratic national convention indicated a growing rift .
he relinquished all traces of morality and humanity , and rebuilt a new command structure by instituting a brainwashing program to compel allegiance from those around him , including repeatedly brainwashing destro , the baroness , zartan , storm shadow and billy .
because the hood has some degree of psychic power over kyrano , he is able to compel him to reveal otherwise secret information about international rescue 's operations , or even on one occasion sabotage thunderbird 1 .
however , soon a mass - market solution was in demand and cip released the compel for windows product range .
by invoking the truth , habeas data will not only compel military and government agents to release information about the desaparecidos but require access to military and police files .
in other words , the individual must believe that he is capable of performing the action ; this belief must be strong enough to compel the individual to adopt the advocated position ( taking the shot ) .
we are also of opinion , that his master may legally compel him to return again to the plantations .
a court may also make mandatory orders or injunctions to compel the authority to do its duty or to stop it from acting illegally .
" machinists v. street " , 367 u.s. 740 ( 1961 ) , was a decision by the united states supreme court , which held that “ a union may constitutionally compel contributions from dissenting nonmembers in an agency shop only for the costs of performing the union 's statutory duties as exclusive bargaining agent . ”
he stresses that a muslim 's freedom of religion is very extensive in the west , and that permission for " un - islamic " activities , such as drinking , or pre - marital sex , does not " compel " muslims to do anything .
committees may hold hearings , and , if necessary , compel individuals to testify when investigating issues over which it has the power to legislate by issuing subpoenas .
he was active against french privateers , before being assigned to sir hyde parker 's expedition to the baltic in 1801 to compel the danes to abandon the league of armed neutrality .
there is a published 1848 reference to this stone in which it says that " there is a charm , not yet discovered , which can compel [ the stone ] to speak , and for once to reveal the secret of its history : but that having once spoken it will be silent forever . "
this amendment specifically indicates that “ the investigating officer and any government representative to an article 32 , ucmj , proceeding does not possess authority to issue a subpoena to compel against his or her will a civilian witness to appear and provide testimony or documents . "
the mind , which functions like a mirror , reflects the outer world and enables the ego to transmit its commands as thought and word , and also to compel action .
the shulchan aruch even states that the courts can only compel the restoration of interest by flogging the lender until they are willing to return the amount , thus if the lender died before the interest was returned , the lender 's heirs were allowed to keep the money .
voigt immediately detected their surveillance and used paranormal abilities to compel the entire team to work for him .
while a case could be made that the wording did not appear to compel segregation , it tended to have that effect .
section 96 does not compel a state to accept a grant , so constitutionally a state may refuse a grant and not implement any policy conditions .
carpenter filed suit in the u.s. district court for the northern district of georgia , which granted his motion to compel mohawk to produce information regarding carpenter ’s meeting with the mohawk lawyer , finding that the company had waived the privilege of attorney - client confidentiality .
it is sufficient here to point to the general recognition of the public right to compel labourers to work and thus secure control of unemployed as well as employed .
cadwaladr fled to ireland and hired a norse fleet from dublin , bringing the fleet to abermenai to compel owain to reinstate him .
these decisions had stated that slaves were mere items of property ( hardwicke described them as ' like stock on a farm ' ) who were not emancipated either by becoming a christian or by entry into england , that possession of them could be recovered by the legal action of trover and that their master might legally compel them to leave england with him .
moore also said that tilton was doing " far better than anyone knows " and described the main strategy tilton employed for such a high return rate on his mailings — that is , send the recipient a " gimmick " that would compel the recipient to mail something back in return , and most recipients who would be inclined to respond would include some money along with it — but declined to disclose how much response media was being paid for its services nor how much money the mailings were generating for the tilton ministry .
mandamus is the proper remedy to compel the quashal of a subpoena duces tecum for the production before a grand jury of attorney - client privilege .
one real - world example is a protester who handcuffs himself to an object , so that no threat can be made which would compel him to move ( since he can not move ) .
purcell , edward henry : to compel edward henry purcell , late of mincing lane , musician , to make a schedule of his estate and effects , as an insolvent debtor , prisoner in the king 's bench prison , surrey .
deals can sometimes be negotiated to favor the developing country such as in china , where laws compel foreign multinationals to train their future chinese competitors in strategic industries and render themselves redundant in the long term .
the lawsuit seeks to require the government to allow consumers , in addition to state motor vehicle administrators and law enforcement , to search the system , and to compel the government to issue regulations on reporting by junk yards and insurance companies , as required by the anti car theft act .
often these rituals invoked the power of an appropriate deity to perform the desired action , using the power of heka to compel it to act .
the intended mother 's sister agreed to carry the baby , and the intended parents sought to compel the state attorney general to put their names on the birth certificate .
on the contrary , as here employed , ' sequestration ' is a process used to compel the personal appearance of a nonresident defendant to answer and defend a suit brought against him in a court of equity .
however as ofcom has no power to compel mobile phone operators to use the database , uk mobile phone operators consequently ceased sending updates to the database .
curzon concluded that china did not have any power or authority to compel the tibetan government , and gained approval from london to send a military expedition , commanded by colonel francis younghusband , to khampa dzong .
it was therefore unable to compel companies to comply with minimum wage requirements , and prevent them from employing illegal immigrants .
the real legislative and political impact of the 1967 referendum has been to enable , and thereby compel , the federal government to take action in the area of aboriginal affairs .
finding the story unpleasant and its characters " generally unlikable , " it yet declared it " a book distinctly well written , if to write well , in making fiction , is to so write as to hold the attention of even an unwilling reader and compel him to note with something like admiration the skillful development of the traits of personages for whom he feels no liking whatever . "
other notable cases include " ballina shire council v ringland " , where he endorsed the constitutionally implied right to freedom of political communication and concluded that councillors could not sue for defamation on statements about their performance , and " egan v willis " where the new south wales legislative council was found to be empowered to compel the treasurer michael egan ( then a member of the legislative council ) to produce documents and to suspend him for non - compliance .
that the railroad company , by its officers and agents , are demanding of the trustees of the township that they certify to the county treasurer of mahaska county that the conditions required by said vote have been complied with , and are threatening , by suits against them and otherwise , to compel them to make such certificate , and petitioners fear that said trustees will yield and make the certificate unless restrained by the act of the court .
he was a member of editorial board of compel –
american moral integrity and economic benefits compel the government to act .
in an interview with cnn 's paula zahn , dyson said he did not feel cosby was a race traitor but felt that cosby was not taking into account all the economic and social factors that he says compel lower - income black americans to have such high rates of crime , teen pregnancy , divorce , etc .
nathanael greene considered the battle a lost opportunity to defeat a significant force of the british army under lord francis rawdon and compel the british forces to abandon their outposts scattered across south carolina for the safety of charleston .
in a cowardly moment , sparrow abandons his crew during the kraken 's attack , but underlying loyalty and morality compel him to return and save them .
in 1998 , landmark education spent months in an unsuccessful attempt to compel steven pressman to respond to deposition questions aimed at obtaining the confidential sources ( used during research on " outrageous betrayal " ) for use in the then - active litigation involving the cult awareness network .
a minimum of faith in plans brings consistency , yet rigid plans discourage creativity and compel the organizations in its own ossified programs .
later during the twenty - sixth dynasty , the saite king psamtik i would forcibly reunite egypt in march 656 bc under his rule and compel the " god 's wife of amun " serving at the time , shepenupet ii , daughter of piye , to adopt " his " daughter nitocris as her chosen successor to this position .
taking departure from saipan 29 august 1945 " compel " sailed via okinawa to clear the approaches to wakayama , japan , of mines .
later , in return the city reencontra with ritinha , that always was gotten passionate by the young , is acambam for if to involve , the tension between them grows when the engravida young woman and the parents of the young compel it to marry it the young .
the classical rabbis saw 18 as the ideal age to become married , and anyone unmarried after the age of twenty was said to have been cursed by god ; rabbinical courts frequently tried to compel an individual to marry , if they had passed the age of twenty without marriage .
the motion to compel is used to ask the court to order the non - complying party to produce the documentation or information requested , and/or to sanction the non - complying party for their failure to comply with the discovery requests .
recently , clearwater played a key role in the environmental protection agency ’s ( epa ) decision to compel one of the hudson river ’s biggest polluters to begin removing toxic pcbs from the water and restoring one of the most polluted portions of the river .
the rabbis in a baraita read the words “ he shall offer it ” in to teach that the congregation needed to compel the offerer to fulfill the offerer ’s obligation .
the former could compel individuals to provide self - incriminating testimony , whilst the latter , essentially an extension of the privy council , could inflict any punishment whatsoever ( including torture ) , with the sole exception of death .
the governor of washington territory , isaac stevens , used a careful combination of intimidation and force to compel the native american tribes of washington territory to sign treaties that handed over most of their lands and rights to stevens ' government .
the united nations commission on human rights , considers the recanting of a person 's religion a human right legally protected by the international covenant on civil and political rights : " the committee observes that the freedom to ' have or to adopt ' a religion or belief necessarily entails the freedom to choose a religion or belief , including the right to replace one 's current religion or belief with another or to adopt atheistic views [ ... ] article 18.2 bars coercion that would impair the right to have or adopt a religion or belief , including the use of threat of physical force or penal sanctions to compel believers or non - believers to adhere to their religious beliefs and congregations , to recant their religion or belief or to convert . "
the publisher got church groups and christian radio to campaign for school boards to adopt the book , with a petition in alabama urging that " intelligent design " be presented as an alternative to evolution , and their attorney arguing that it did not compel belief in the supernatural and was not a creationist text .
one of first debates was that between partisan of the " qadar " ( , the power ) , who affirmed free will , and the " jabarites " ( jabar , force , constraint , compel ) , who maintained the belief in fatalism .
to compel one to present information to a jury is done by order of a judge .
it is worth noting that even galton 's ideas about eugenics were not the compulsory sterilization or genocidal programs of nazi germany , but he instead hoped that by encouraging more thought in hereditary reproduction , human mores could change in a way which would compel people to choose better mates .
when curtis ordered him to pay the officers , sheridan brusquely retorted , " no authority can compel me to jayhawk or steal . "
the " bank taxation act " increased provincial taxes on banks by 2,230% , while the " accurate news and information act " gave the chairman of the social credit board a number of powers over newspapers , including the right to compel them to publish " any statement ... which has for its object the correction or amplification of any statement relating to any policy or activity of the government or province " and to require them to supply the names of sources .
a " material breach " is any failure to perform that permits the other party to the contract to either compel performance , or collect damages because of the breach .
the stark contrast between the happier past and the colder reality of the present compel ed to leave home .
only a profound sense of respect for the will of the people could compel me to submit to the onerous position of supreme magistrate .
the pope ordered puiset to compel the king to obey , but in 1183 the controversy was solved by a compromise .
amid all this merry mischief , blaise continued to pursue his vendetta against dr. tachyon , using the jumpers to replace those around his grandfather and compel them to do horrible , though unspecified , things to themselves and others .
in 2006 , tayto tried to compel irish band toasted heretic to destroy all copies of their album " now in new nostalgia flavour " , which featured an image based on " mr tayto " : http://www.hotpress.com/news/2845652.html .
critics cite an article in which escriva , discussing recruitment , said " this holy coercion is necessary , ' compel them to enter , ' the lord tells us . "
the hospital refused the use of their facilities for an abortion so finkbine filed a lawsuit to compel the use of good samaritan hospital .
because , in this case , the subject interest is not a controlling interest in the company , and the owner of that interest can not compel liquidation to convert the subject interest to cash quickly , and no established market exists on which that interest could be sold , the discount for lack of marketability is appropriate .
moreover , there may be a benefit to these " private attorneys general " who identify and compel the correction of illegal conditions : they may increase the number of public accommodations accessible to persons with disabilities . “
the method of using a subpoena duces tecum is generally valid only to compel a witness to produce documents and other things at the time of the deposition .
for a smothered mate of this sort to occur in a game , it is usually necessary to sacrifice material to compel pieces to smother the king — a player is unlikely to voluntarily surround his king with pieces in a position where a smothered mate is possible .
gregory had no power to compel the english king to an alteration in his ecclesiastical policy , so he chose to ignore what he could not approve , and even considered it advisable to assure him of his particular affection .
unlike other mmo 's , darkeden does n't compel the players to form groups to be able to survive in dungeons or hostile maps or to do quests that do n't really work properly .
in " justice league unlimited " however , wonder woman 's lasso was officially portrayed as being able to compel the truth .
" and in legal disputes each of the two would pretend to favor one of the litigants , and compel the man with the worse case to win : and so they robbed both disputants of most of the property at issue .
scripture does not compel a mere intellectual assent to its doctrine , resting on logical argumentation , but rather it creates the living agreement of faith .
his money and work - obsessed personality traits eventually compel scrooge 's fiancée , belle , to leave him , which further hardens his heart .
both of these results were in direct contradiction with the classical view of light as a continuous wave , although it is now known that the photoelectric effect does not , in fact , compel one to any conclusion about light being made of " photons " , as discussed in the photoelectric effect article .
an imperial political structure is established and maintained two ways : ( i ) as a " territorial empire " of direct conquest and control with " force " ( direct , physical action to compel the emperor ’s goals ) , and ( ii ) as a coercive , " hegemonic empire " of indirect conquest and control with " power " ( the perception that the emperor " can " physically enforce his desired goals ) .
since this development the gpa has sought to compel the gaa to recognise it as the players ' representative body and threatened strike action .
in 1812 , the british had dragged artillery to this ridge to compel the fort to surrender .
drawing from this reference , the song has been used in mass media in situations that seemed to compel an inspirational " halftime speech " .
humphrey said " if the bill were to compel it , it would be a violation [ of the constitution ] , because it would be handling the matter on the basis of race and we would be transporting children because of race . "
it also enables the nlpg to compel local authorities to maintain their llpgs and thus ensure the nationwide coverage and compliance by local authorities .
in january 2008 , public citizen filed suit to compel the fda to respond to their 2006 petition .
homesteader whitney filed a lawsuit to compel frisbie to convey the disputed land to him .
the concept is largely strategic in nature , and involves concepts as space , pawn weaknesses ( since weak pawns can compel pieces to defensive duties , reducing their mobility ) , and securing outposts for the pieces .
whereas wars had previously been fought to inflict losses that would compel the enemy to seek peace , and concede some losses in the subsequent negotiations , it now became about destroying rival states and thoroughly subjugating them .
the black and white freedom riders were trying to compel the u.s. government to enforce u.s. supreme court decisions outlawing segregated transportation , and wanted to end the discriminatory practice of allocating seating on the buses and bus stations with a preference for whites .
we must appeal to the conscience , not compel it by violence .
