several clinical validation studies have shown > 95% concordance with the standard cll fish panel .
james strong did not construct strong 's concordance by himself ; it was constructed with the effort of more than a hundred colleagues .
cruden 's concordance .
since then the branches in potsdam , münster , hannover and berlin have jointly published 25 volumes of the critical edition , with an average of 870 pages , and prepared index and concordance works .
concordance theory revises conventional approaches to civil - military relations that argue for the separation of a country ’s civil and military institutions to prevent domestic military interventions such as coup d’etat .
the concordance of levels of interaction and objective integrated index of efficiency of advertising message - ctr(v ) .
gopych ’s theory also supports tulving ’s challenge to the doctrine of concordance .
this is in concordance with eckart altenmuller ’s study where it was observed that students who received musical instruction had greater cortical activation than those who did not .
de moor translates ugaritic 𐎛𐎁 " ib " as " blossom " which survives in biblical hebrew as אֵב ( strongs concordance 3 ) and cites as a survival of this usage
her website " the difference dictionary " is an online concordance to " the difference engine " , a novel by william gibson and bruce sterling .
prior to his current job , janus managed a dairy farm in gays mills , wisconsin , and founded concordance natural foods in madison , wisconsin .
documentary features on apraksina have been produced for , among others , lentelfilm ( " concordance " aka " harmony " , 1989 ) and other russian television programs ( such as " fifth wheel " , st. petersburg , 1992 ) , as well as for the european culture channel arte .
oliver winery brought home two concordance gold medals for their blackberry and viognier wines in the 2007 indy international wine competition .
as well as the more scientific defensible method of compiling occurrences , he also invented a new method of presentation , which showed the surrounding sentence rather than just the verse reference , this provided the literary context and so made the concordance significantly easier to handle , as the reader did not have to constantly flip back to the bible only to find the reference was an irrelevant match .
in segmental analysis , this condition is described as ventriculoarterial discordance with atrioventricular concordance , or just ventriculoarterial discordance .
" one of the most outstanding merits of the album- a dadaist work in the fullest sense- is its successful realization of kruchenykh 's concept of collage as an artistic method transcending mere technique and capable of metaphorically expressing the ' discordant concordance ' of the age . "
concordance ( publishing ) .
the caretaker government , led by general josé félix uriburu , supported the center - right concordance and refused to guarantee free and fair elections ( or , even safety ) for the opposition , leading the ucr to boycott the polls .
ayscough is also remembered as the writer of the first concordance to shakespeare .
creatine may be helpful for well - trained athletes to increase exercise performance and strength in concordance with their dietary regimen .
he compiled a bible concordance , of the latin vulgate .
some exercise specialists believe that balaclavas help athletes with exercise - induced asthma by recirculating exhaled moisture ( in concordance with the theory that dryness of air , not temperature , triggers some types of asthma ) .
overall , in this masterpiece , nezami illustrates the harmony of the universe , the affinity of the sacred and the profane , and the concordance of ancient and islamic iran .
in 1594 he published a concordance of the new testament , the preparatory studies for which his father had made .
he translated the third volume of j. h. merle d'aubigné 's history of the reformation , wrote textbooks on latin , english grammar and arithmetic , and published a concordance to alexander pope .
if , as in the concordance model of physical cosmology ( lambda - cold dark matter or λcdm ) , the dark energy is in the form of a cosmological constant , the expansion will eventually become exponential , with the size of the universe doubling at a constant rate .
the library features rare collections such as the " encyclopaedia of religion and ethics " by james hastings , " a vedic concordance " by maurice bloomfield , and critical editions of the ramayana and mahabharata .
such marriages must be recognized by the state of israel in concordance with international private law .
shima 's ( 1958:386 ) concordance of oracle bone inscriptions lists 23 occurrences of " gu " written with two wugs and 4 with one ; many contexts are divinations about sickness .
he is also the editor of the following works : " biblia latina cum pleno apparatu tersissime et nitidissime impressa " ( venice , 1506 ) ; this he re - edited fifteen years later with a concordance of the old and new testaments ; " pontificale secundum ritum romanae ecclesiae emendatum primum a jacobo de lutiis episcopo cafacensi et joanne buckardo " ( venice , 1520 ) ; " constitutiones ord .
when the sensor is subjected to a change in pressure , the electrical resistance is altered and the pascal 's computer calculates a change in pressure in concordance with the change in resistance .
the architectural style of these shrines exhibit clear concordance with the later chola temples .
pairwise concordance .
the council of ethics and parliamentary decorum of the house is the organ responsible for processing and disciplining members for behavior not in concordance with parliamentary decorum .
hospital hill grew in concordance with the construction of local hospitals , and was further populated as the university of missouri – kansas city school of medicine was established .
concordance rates for iq from twin studies and other study designs consistently fall in the range of 30% to 80% , with the estimated heritability in young ( preschool ) children in the lower range and adults in the higher range .
in concordance with national data , britain is the most commonly reported country of birth , with 4.7 % , followed by italy ( 2.4% ) , greece ( 1.9 % ) and then china ( 1.3 % ) .
some criticize the use of strong 's concordance today due to the fact that he was never fluent in either greek or hebrew .
in 2006 lexisnexis acquired the concordance database product
in addition , there tends to be a high degree of concordance ( agreement , or cross - reference between different parts of the sentence ) .
from 1959 , the federal council , elected by the parliament , is composed of members of the four major parties , the liberal free democrats , the catholic christian democrats , the left - wing social democrats and the right - wing people 's party , essentially creating a system without a sizeable parliamentary opposition ( see concordance system ) , reflecting the powerful position of an opposition in a direct democracy .
the parties left of center criticised this move as contrary to the tradition of concordance government .
to the former class belong the " biblical cyclopaedia " , his edition of cruden 's " concordance " , his " early oriental history " , and his discourses on the divine love and on paul the preacher ; to the latter his commentaries on the greek text of st paul 's epistles to the ephesians , colossians , philippians and galatians , published at intervals in four volumes .
a bible concordance is a verbal index to the bible .
in all studies they found rates of concordance variantly consistent with the hypothesis that homosexuality has a significant genetic component .
concordance lists for the identifications of mahasiddhas .
on the subject of alchemy and chemistry , he wrote treatises on " alchemy " ; " metals and materials " ; the " secrets of chemistry " ; the " origin of metals " ; the " origins of compounds " , and a " concordance " which is a collection of " observations on the philosopher 's stone " ; and other alchemy - chemistry topics , collected under the name of " theatrum chemicum " .
in his last years he wrote " réclamation pour l'église de france et pour la vérité contra l'ouvrage de m. le comte de maistre [ du pape ] " ( rouen , 1821 ) ; " antidote contre les erreurs et la réputation de l'essai sur l'indifférence en matière de religion " ( paris , 1823 ) ; " concordance des lois civiles et des lois ecclésiastiques touchant le mariage " ( paris , 1824 ) .
the linking number of any two components of a link is one of the most elementary concordance invariants .
a combination of bipolar i , ii and cyclothymia produced concordance rates of 42% vs 11% , with a relatively lower ratio for bipolar ii that likely reflects heterogeneity .
one example of the use of the concordance correlation coefficient is in a comparison of analysis method for functional magnetic resonance imaging brain scans .
" ... one of the queerest features of tuckerman 's work is his habit of alluding , not merely to characters from biblical or classical antiquity so obscure that one can not believe they are real till one finds them in a concordance or a classical dictionary , but also to personages who can not be found because their names have been made up by the poet . "
the tableau de concordance was the main french diplomatic code used during world war i ; the term also refers to any message sent using the code .
that is , he saw that the great revolutions had created a ' circulatory spirit ' forming the collective aspirations that had driven the european nations and their colonies to fight for one final peace which would lead to what he called a ' metanomical society , ' a society in which there could exist a concordance of discordances , a peace in which differences could be not only be tolerated , but provide fecund tensions , as the fruits of all this struggle could be harvested .
the first concordance , to the vulgate bible , was compiled by hugh of st cher ( d.1262 ) , who employed 500 monks to assist him .
terrestrial reconnaissance ( or ground reconnaissance ) is the preliminary survey of the regions inland that are not concordance , but not limited to , the littoral and coastal areas .
halton was the father of frederick j. halton , the author of " the gilbert & sullivan operas : a concordance " ( new york , bass , 1935 ) .
in 26th century deep space , the usg " ishimura " ( " 石村 " literally " stone village " ) " planet cracker " ship , during the process of mining the planet of aegis vii , sends out a distress signal to the concordance extraction corporation ( cec ) ; the cec dispatches the usg " kellion " to investigate .
some of these soups are made with restorative properties in mind , in concordance with traditional chinese medicine .
however , the rate of concordance between identical twins is far from 100% , and the changing frequency of the disease over time points to the environmental factors — nutrition or hygiene , for instance — that also play a role in disease susceptibility .
with his wife , helen kate furness ( 1837 - 1883 ) , he authored " a concordance to shakespeare 's poems " ( 1874 ) .
even as it recovered from the great depression , however , argentina 's increasingly urban and industrialized social profile bode poorly for the ruling concordance , an alliance dominated by the conservative , rural landowner - oriented national autonomist party ( who held power from 1874 to 1916 ) .
concordance .
there is weak evidence that monozygotic twins sharing a placenta have a higher concordance rate for schizophrenia than monozygotic twins with separate placentas .
the manual for the tableau de concordance included the instruction that if there was not adequate time for completely enciphering the message , simply send it in clear , because a partially enciphered message is practically a window into the inner workings of the code .
samuel newman ( may 10 , 1602 – july 5 , 1663 ) was a clergyman in colonial massachusetts whose concordance of the bible , published first in london in 1643 , far surpassed any previous work of its kind .
in 1448 rabbi mordecai nathan completed a concordance to the hebrew bible .
besides introducing the masorah into the margin , he compiled at the close of his bible a concordance of the masoretic glosses for which he could not find room in a marginal form , and added an elaborate introduction – the first treatise on the masorah ever produced .
family history is often a good predictor of the probability of premenstrual syndrome ; studies have found that the concordance rate is two times higher among identical twins compared with fraternal twins .
the anglicized term " sabbath " is in hebrew " shabbath " ( שבת , now usually " shabbat " , strong 's concordance number 7676 ) .
she attempts to isolate herself from all harm , but can not escape the company , for whom everything she has done and will do is in the temporal concordance .
especially noteworthy are the miniature insets to the canons of eusebius , or tables of gospel concordance .
second is a concordance of each character 's dialogue .
cruden worked alone and produced the most consistent and complete concordance produced before the introduction of computerised indexing .
in concordance with a process of natural selection , the humans who first domesticated the big mammals quickly built up immunities to the diseases as within each generation the individuals with better immunities had better chances of survival .
harmonic concordance .
thus , the concordance rate of a given characteristic helps establish whether or to what extent it is caused by genetic mutation .
this approach is most often used when the message or set of messages to be encoded is fixed and large ; for instance , a software package that stores the contents of the bible in the limited storage space of a pda generally builds a static dictionary from a concordance of the text and then use that dictionary to compress the verses .
the quotations paraphrasing the gospels are actually from the famous concordance of tatian , the " diatessaron " , itself compiled in the 2nd century .
it surpasses the human understanding in that " god so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him shall have eternal life . " ( john 3:16 ) the exact meaning and it 's definition in its entirety can be found in strong 's exhaustive concordance .
a genetic predisposition to keratoconus has been observed , with the disease running in certain families , and incidences reported of concordance in identical twins .
buxtorf prepared new editions of several of his father 's works [ especially the " tiberias " ] ; and , as in the case of the " concordance " and the " talmudic - rabbinical lexicon , " completed and prepared for publication those that had been left unfinished .
accordingly , structure and administration of dormitories have been arranged in concordance with eton .
in concordance with national data , britain is the most commonly reported overseas country of birth , with 4.7 % , followed by italy ( 2.4% ) , greece ( 1.9 % ) and then china ( 1.3 % ) .
unfortunately dz twin study findings have yielded a very large range of variance and are error prone because of the apparent low concordance and the fact that they typically look at a small number of dz pairs .
strong 's concordance defines " goy " as " nation , people usually of non - hebrew people , or of descendants of abraham of israel , or of a swarm of locusts or other animals ( fig . )
the codex is one of the most famous manuscripts belonging to the bosnian church in which there are some iconographic elements which are not in concordance with the supposed theological doctrine of bosnian christians ( annunciation , crucifixion and ascension ) .
. adaptations ( e.g. " strongest strong 's exhaustive concordance of the bible : 21st century edition " ) are also now available .
throughout this seemingly versatile career , however , banharn has been involved in numerous corruption scandals one of which diminished the concordance in his administration and caused him to resign .
dizygotic twins have a 23% concordance rate .
the text of " origin " itself has been subject to much analysis including a variorum , detailing the changes made in every edition , first published in 1959 , and a concordance , an exhaustive external index published in 1981 .
isaac was the author of the following works ( some are still extant , and some are known only through citations ) : a refutation of the arguments contained in the epistle of the fictitious samuel of morocco , who endeavored to demonstrate from the bible the messiahship of jesus ( introduction to nathan 's concordance ) ; " tokaḥat mat'eh " , against joshua lorki ( geronimo de santa fé after baptism ; giovanni bernardo de rossi , " bibliotheca antichristiana " , pp .
cruden began work on his concordance in 1735 whilst a bookseller in london .
although the greek words in strong 's concordance are numbered 1–5624 , the numbers 2717 and 3203–3302 are unassigned due to " changes in the enumeration while in progress " .
the texts , which originally are written in classical malay with jawi , has been transcripted to rumi ( latin ) alphabet which is the standard alphabet for the modern malay ( malay and indonesian).the text is the oldest text in the corpus dated 1371 , which , according ro malay concordance project ( mcp ) by ian proudfoot , contains 69761 words .
the aim of mysro was in concordance with the statue of imro - unification of all of macedonia in an authonomous unit , within a future balkan federative republic .
a key milestone in this process was the publication in 1737 of alexander cruden 's " complete concordance to the holy scriptures " , in which the english words of the " authorized version " were analysed with no regard to the original tongues .
the concordance probability is exactly equal to the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve ( auc ) that is often used in the context .
it is weaker than isotopy , and stronger than homotopy : isotopy implies concordance implies homotopy .
on october 17 , 2005 , the conseil d'etat , france ' supreme court for administrative justice , declared the two years " fire - at - will " period to be " reasonable " and thus in concordance with convention n°158 of the international labour organization , which has been ratified by france and states that an employee " ca n't be fired without any legitimate motive " and " before offering him the possibility to defend himself " .
a concordance is an alphabetical list of the principal words used in a book or body of work , with their immediate contexts .
controversial uses of twin data have looked at concordance rates for homosexuality and intelligence .
" an outline dictionary of maya glyphs : with a concordance and analysis of their relationships " is a monograph study of the maya script by william e. gates , first published in 1931 .
patient counselling events demonstrate and promote the importance of communication skills in drug therapy and disease management , in the patient - health provider relationship , and in encouraging concordance and compliance .
he reminds us of corot … who painted in the rome area some landscapes where the concordance of the sunrise and sunset met in rare harmonies . ”
since then they have published ten more books " the magic seal of john dee : the sigillum dei aemeth , " by colin d. campbell , " thorn in the flesh : a grim - memoire " , by rosaleen norton , " the progradior correspondence : letters by aleister crowley , frank bennett , charles stansfeld jones , & others " , " the rosicrucian seer : magical writings of frederick hockley , " by john hamill and r. a. gilbert , " occult spells : a nineteenth century grimoire , " by frederick hockley , with an introduction by silens manus , " a book of shadows , " transcribed etc . by pan.zos pagurus , " a concordance to the holy books of thelema , " edited etc . by colin d. campbell and with a foreword by richard kaczynski"sepher maphteah shelomoh ( book of the key of solomon ) " with introductions by hermann gollancz , and a foreword by stephen skinner , " three essays on freedom " by john ' jack ' whiteside parsons with an introduction by hymenaeus beta , and " a complete book of magic science " by frederick hockley with an introduction by dietrich bergman .
this passage - numbering - system was also incorporated within the new concordance .
aegidius introduced levita to classical scholarship and the greek language , thus enabling him to utilize greek in his hebrew lexicographic labors — a debt acknowledged by levita , who , in 1521 , dedicated his " concordance " to the cardinal .
to assist her , her husband assembled , over the course of ten years , a large hebrew - english concordance .
concordance database .
1995 . " concordance of ancient site names " , edited by eileen fry and maryly snow , published as topical paper no . 2 of arlis / na ( see 1987 call for visual resources authority work ) .
( strong 's concordance wordcode # 5310 )
his son , liu xin , developed the " triple concordance " astronomical system .
the tableau de concordance is considered superenciphered because there is more than one step required to use it .
he largely agreed with them and perceived the ideas of luther and erasmus to be in concordance .
this is accomplished by improving one 's interactional quality , or concordance , through counseling intervention at both the personal and environmental levels .
for example , although the concordance of schizophrenia occurence in monozygotic twins has traditionally been used to estimate a genetic component to the illness , the results could be skewed because of environmental factors like a shared placenta
posts an electronic search - able version of the lexicon and concordance within its tools section .
except for some extreme metaphrasers in the early christian period and the middle ages , and adapters in various periods ( especially pre - classical rome , and the 18th century ) , translators have generally shown prudent flexibility in seeking equivalents — " literal " where possible , paraphrastic where necessary — for the original meaning and other crucial " values " ( e.g. , style , verse form , concordance with musical accompaniment or , in films , with speech articulatory movements ) as determined from context .
a review of torrey 's data analysis , however , suggested he had erroneously compared different sorts of concordance statistics .
the concordance model requires that , to explain structure in the universe , it is necessary to invoke cold ( non - relativistic ) dark matter .
david drake was a research scientist at concordance research .
a comprehensive hebrew concordance is that of mandelkern ( leipzig , 1896 ) , who rectified the errors of his predecessors and supplied omitted references .
each original - language word is given an entry number in the dictionary of those original language words listed in the back of the concordance .
after the assassination in 1398 of biordo michelotti , who had made himself lord of perugia , the city became a pawn in the italian wars , passing to gian galeazzo visconti ( 1400 ) , to pope boniface ix ( 1403 ) , and to ladislas of naples ( 1408–14 ) before it settled into a period of sound governance under the " signoria " of the condottiero braccio da montone ( 1416–24 ) , who reached a concordance with the papacy .
this idea found resistance within the political coalition named " the concordance " ( " la concordancia " ) to which he belonged .
this test will identify less women who are at risk , and there is only a weak concordance ( agreement rate ) between this test and a 3 hour 100 g test .
chloroquine itching is uncommon in children , but increases in age with a peak in the 4th decade of life , and with increased familial concurrence in families and concordance among twins(ajayi aa et al eur j clin pharmacol 1989 , 39 , 539 - 40 ) .
from 1959 , the federal council , elected by the parliament , is composed of members of the four major parties , the protestant free democrats , the catholic christian democrats , the left - wing social democrats and the right - wing people 's party , essentially creating a system without a sizeable parliamentary opposition ( see concordance system ) , reflecting the powerful position of an opposition in a direct democracy .
in contrast , the most recent overall assessment of human health risks associated with trichloroethylene states , " [ t]here is concordance between animal and human studies , which supports the conclusion that trichloroethylene is a potential kidney carcinogen " .
lugli also founded the " forma italiae " , a series of archaeological maps and concordance for italy .
newman 's famous " concordance " was the third in english ever published and greatly superior to its two predecessors .
jadon is a hebrew name meaning " thankful " ( according to strong 's concordance ) or " he will judge " .
commonly , " consilience " refers to two full hand count tabulation methods if they are achieved by separate and distinct oversight that do not communicate ; but , for example , in races surpassing 400,000 ballots cast ( to ensure 99% statistical accuracy ) , it can also mean the concordance of tallies from a 10% sample of paper ballots randomly selected from each and every voting site when compared with the tallies from optiscan - type electronic voting machines .
this abstraction of information about document structure , objects , ( and hash sums ) , provides considerable flexibility in representing documents different ways and for different purposes ( e.g. search , document layout , publishing , content certification , concordance etc . ) , and makes it possible to take advantage of some of the strengths of established ways of representing documents , ( or indeed to create new ones ) .
ultimately , voter intimidation and widespread irregularities helped give the national democratic - led concordance a sizable victory on election night .
it should be noted that the use of the term " passing " regarding sexual orientation denotes " hiding " one 's identity , where use among gender - variant people ( as noted above ) signals acceptance and concordance with one 's internal sense of or desired gender identity .
he translated , for max müller 's " sacred books of the east " , the " hymns of the atharva - veda " ( 1897 ) ; contributed to the buhler - kielhorn " grundriss der indo - arischen philologie und altertumskunde " the section " the atharva - veda and the gopatha brahmana " ( 1899 ) ; was first to edit the " kauika - sutra " ( 1890 ) , and in 1907 published , in the " harvard oriental series , a vedic concordance " .
in summary , a successful big bang cosmology theory must fit with all available astronomical observations ( known as the concordance model ) , in particular the cmb .
in concordance to " mucho punk " , clazziquai released japanese album , " mucho musica " and plan to release a remix album , " mucho mix " , later in the year
" meningismus " is the term used when the above listed symptoms are present without actual infection or inflammation ; usually it is seen in concordance with other acute illnesses in the pediatric population .
from " x " to " b"γ"q " and concordance classes of haefliger structures .
colin d. campbell ( compiler ) , " a concordance to the holy books of thelema , " ( 2008 ) .
these teachings are in complete concordance with baba 's own divine life .
an artifact 's power depends on its current attitude towards its wielder , represented by the concordance score mechanic .
in 1880 he gave her cowden clarke 's " complete concordance to shakespeare " ( 1877 ) .
advanced search results can also be viewed as a kwic concordance , which can be reordered to highlight collocational patterns .
a.s. brown ( 1991 ) and tulving 's ( 1989 ) critique of the doctrine of concordance .
in his last years mandelkern was engaged in the composition of a talmudic and midrashic concordance , part of which , probably , was left in manuscript .
in the case of monozygotic twins , concordance occurs only in about 35% of cases , while it goes down to around 5% in the case of siblings and even lower in half - siblings .
in this example , the verbal prefix a- and the pronominal prefix wa- are in concordance with the noun prefix m- : they all express class 1 despite of their different forms .
of particular note was wapnick 's development of an exhaustive concordance for acim , as well as the simultaneous release of the 2nd edition of acim , which included a uniform passage - numbering - system for all of the numerous passages found within the acim material .
since the 1990s , the apa and who have worked to bring the dsm and the relevant sections of icd into concordance , but some differences remain .
although the only translation used at his bible study meetings is the king james bible , nevertheless unlike the ruckmanites , however , campbell also uses an amplified bible , a ferrar fenton bible , and a lamsa bible in his personal research , but he insists : " i 'm only looking at them in the same sense as i would look at a concordance or a lexicon , and i 'm not looking at them in the same way as i view the authorized version of the scripture , from which i preach " .
brian has also created a concordance for the " dune " universe based on his father 's notes , though , according to the younger herbert , there are no immediate plans to publish it .
concordance system .
besides many translations of ascetical works from flemish ( dutch ) and french into latin , he also wrote : " proverbia teutonica latinitate donata " ( antwerp , 1550 and 1571 ) ; " scholion in omnes novi testamenti libros " ( cologne , 1553 ) ; " epanorthotes , sive castigationes novi testamenti " ( cologne , 1555 ) ; " dye collegie der wysheit ghefundeert in dye universiteit der deughden " ( antwerp , 1556 ) ; " inventorium in testamentum novum " , a kind of concordance ( antwerp , 1558 and 1566 ) ; " novum jesu christi testamentum juxta vetorem ecclesiae editionem " ( leuven , 1559 ) ; and finally a catechism in flemish .
the final masorah comprises all the longer rubrics for which space could not be found in the margin of the text , and is arranged alphabetically in the form of a concordance .
finally , the logos bible also includes a concordance , coordinated with the index , and a number of maps .
of the eighteen personality dimensions , narcissism was found to have the highest heritability ( 0.64 ) , indicating that the concordance of this trait in the identical twins was significantly influenced by genetics .
link concordance .
in one study , amelogenin test was undertaken on 1224 individuals participating in a biomedical study and the concordance between referred sex in the database and amelogenin test was estimated .
new editions of " strong 's exhaustive concordance of the bible " are still in print ( in 2007 ) .
the monozygotic concordance rate for the disorder is 70% .
in addition to work on quotations ( he oversaw nine editions of his book ) , he wrote on fishing , and chess , and compiled a massive concordance of shakespeare , published in 1894 , that is still the standard work of its kind .
schiff ’s current policy work focuses on applying concordance theory to counter - insurgency strategy .
in her book , " the military and domestic politics " , schiff applies concordance theory to five cases studies : u.s. post - revolutionary period ( 1790–1800 ) ; israel ( 1980–90 ) ; argentina ( 1945–55 ) ; india ( post - independence and the 1980s ) ; and pakistan ( 1958–69 ) .
in consequence , knowledge forum requires that learners and instructors take an approach in concordance with knowledge building theory .
the publication was issued with tables and indices of the scientific name , the common name in greek was in this concordance .
the signature of a knot is also a concordance invariant .
antconc is a unicode compliant freeware concordance program for windows , mac os x , and linux systems developed by laurence anthony of waseda university , japan .
since strong 's concordance identifies the original words in hebrew and greek , strong 's numbers are sometimes misinterpreted by those without adequate training to change the bible from its accurate meaning simply by taking the words out of cultural context .
the programs and projects carried on by the foundation can be classified in four major domains which are in concordance with the strategically principles .
alternative measures such as cohen 's kappa statistic , the fleiss kappa , and the concordance correlation coefficient . have been proposed as more suitable measures of agreement among non - exchangeable observers .
" kenite " or " kainite " strong 's # 7014 , # 7017 ( use older strong 's concordance ) derives from the hebrew " kainim " .
the " meïr netib " was the first bible concordance in hebrew , and was distinguished from the similar latin work of arlotus of prato in that its vocabulary was arranged in the order of the roots .
after observing that most civil - military theory assumes that the civilian and military worlds must necessarily be separate , both physically and ideologically , rebecca l. schiff offered a new theory - concordance - as an alternative .
a 2004 study looked at 16 mz twins and found a concordance of 43.75% for " strictly defined autism " .
no concordance was so reliable a guide .
sunni and shi'a concordance .
additionally , homosexual men display higher verbal performance iq scores on subtests of the wecshler adult intelligence scale , in concordance with female testing patterns .
breaking his word to alvear , president justo orchestrated what his own party 's governor of the province of buenos aires labeled " one of the most fraudulent elections in history , " and the ucr lost to concordance party candidate roberto maría ortiz , the last argentine president elected via the system of " patriotic fraud . "
" torrey 's topical textbook " is a reference book or concordance for topics found in the holy bible .
the " jewish encyclopedia " states that arlotto 's work was then used as a model for a hebrew bible concordance , by isaac nathan ben kalonymus .
finally , esotericists frequently suggest that there is a concordance between different religious traditions .
kendall 's " w " ( also known as kendall 's coefficient of concordance ) is a non - parametric statistic .
while the results suggested a moderate influence of shared environmental factors , results are in concordance with the general finding that environmental influences on most psychological traits are primarily of the nonshared rather than the shared type .
with the aid of many of his order , he edited the first concordance of the bible ( " concordantiae sacrorum bibliorum " or " concordantiae s. jacobi " ) , but the assertion that we owe the present division of the chapters of the vulgate to him is false .
altogether , the concordance of age dates of both the earliest terrestrial lead reservoirs and all other reservoirs within the solar system found to date are used to support the hypothesis that earth and the rest of the solar system formed at around 4.53 to 4.58 billion years ago .
the first hebrew concordance was the work of isaac nathan ben kalonymus , begun in 1438 and finished in 1448 .
whilst still at school , williams helped with the 1773 publication of his father 's welsh bible and ' ( welsh concordance ) .
concordance is now a part of total solution of lexisnexis .
1897 ; for the various criticisms which were made of mandelkern in connection with the two editions of the concordance , and for lists of errata , see bernhard stade 's " zeitschrift , " xviii .
type 2 dm , which is the condition for which prediabetes is a precursor , has 90 - 100% concordance in twins ; there is no hla association .
during 2004 , blocher 's unconventionally unaccommodating stance towards his fellow federal councillors was the cause for speculations about the future of the swiss concordance system .
after a brief stint lecturing at the university of exeter , reuter spent more than a decade as a " mitarbeiter " ( academic staff member ) at the monumenta germaniae historica in munich , where he worked on editing the letters of the twelfth - century abbot wibald of corvey and ( with dr. gabriel silagi ) produced an important electronic database that served as the basis for a concordance to the work of the medieval canonist gratian .
cruden 's bible concordance became well - known , and further editions were published after his death .
in contrast , a condition that is completely genetic in origin would theoretically yield a concordance of 100% for mz pairs and usually much less for dz pairs depending on factors such as the number of genes involved and assortative mating .
bagster 's " handy concordance to the septuagint " ( london , 1887 ) gives simply the references , without quotations .
fürst 's concordance ( leipzig , 1840 ) was for a long time the standard .
concordance ( genetics ) .
twin studies show a concordance of greater than 55% for crohn 's disease .
15 . we ought to care for the concordance ,
when the ‘ normal’ theory falls short : concordance theory , counter - insurgency strategy and targeted partnership . ”
this allows the user of the concordance to look up the meaning of the original language word in the associated dictionary in the back , thereby showing how the original language word was translated into the english word in the kjv bible .
his " sacred kural " contains introduction , grammar , translation , notes , lexicon and concordance .
the two parties were nearly tied in the electoral college , however , and no party had received a majority of electors ; though ultimately , enough faithless electors were swayed into supporting the concordance .
these concordance rates are not universally replicated in the literature , recent studies have shown rates of around 40% for monozygotic and < 10% for dizygotic twins
strasburg was where the first printed bible concordance appeared in 1470 .
he spent four years compiling a concordance to the names of characters , animals , and plants in tolkien 's work , which was published in 1990 by garland press as " a tolkien thesaurus " .
with peter o'brien , he wrote " salvation to the ends of the earth " , and " the book study concordance " with raymond bouchoc .
however , others find them of value even for non - repetitive texts , because the database resources created have value for concordance searches to determine appropriate usage of terms , for quality assurance ( no empty segments ) , and the simplification of the review process ( source and target segment are always displayed together while translators have to work with two documents in a traditional review environment ) .
concordance bought the rights to a boat called the neptune explorer , captained by a man named anton hammer , in order to use it to test the bathysphere , dubbed the manta .
for a group of twins in which at least one member of each pair is affected , " probandwise concordance " is a measure of the proportion of twins who have the illness who have an affected twin and can be calculated with the formula of 2c/(2c+d ) , in which c is the number of concordant pairs and d is the number of discordant pairs .
the story concerns the independence of new terra from the concordance .
levita compiled likewise a vast masoretic concordance , " sefer ha - zikronot " , which still lies in the national library at paris unpublished .
it remained the standard until it gave way to hatch and redpath 's " concordance to the septuagint and other greek versions of the old testament " ( oxford , 1892 - 97 ) .
it was found that the overall concordance rate was 99.84% ( 1222/1224 ) .
that incorporation was overturned in 1994 ( at the tenth meeting of the asociación de academias de la lengua española ) where they were re - ordered in concordance with the latin alphabet .
ipsf teamed up with the fip pharmacy information section to jointly produce a booklet on patient counselling - counselling , concordance , and communication : innovative education for pharmacists .
the less severe phenotype of the pedigree 4 family is in concordance with this theory .
( ref . : wikipedia entry on " cruden 's concordance " ) .
they rejected the more and more consuming decadent city life , which they blamed on jews , " lesser blood races " , and communist infiltrators , and sought to return to a more original way of life , where " old virtues were honored again , and life could be lived in concordance with nature and the earth which provided the daily bread " .
this turned out to be in vain when congress adopted an amendment to the constitution and ratified a diluted indigenous rights law , which was not in concordance with the san andrés accords .
she is best known for her concordance theory of civil - military relations .
although peirce occasionally uses words like " concordance " and " correspondence " to describe one aspect of the pragmatic sign relation , he is also quite explicit in saying that definitions of truth based on mere correspondence are no more than " nominal " definitions , which he follows long tradition in relegating to a lower status than " real " definitions .
genetic factors also seem to play a role , as the concordance rate is two times higher in monozygotic twins than in dizygotic twins .
ironically , despite open domestic opposition to his views in education , in 1868 , he was instrumental in the reformation of galatasaray high school in strict concordance with his secular views , as the first western - style state higher education institution in ottoman empire .
in swiss politics , concordance system ( german " konkordanzsystem " ) refers to the presence of all major parties in the federal council , also referred to as the integration of the political opposition into government .
in concordance with oye 's vision , oye uses sports to create a space needed for young students to speak , listen , share and create new methods of expression that allow them to develop personally , therefore preparing them to serve as role models and leaders in their communities .
this restriction was circumvented by martin abegg in 1991 , who used a computer to " invert " a concordance of the missing documents made in the 1950s which had come into the hands of scholars outside of the international team , to obtain an approximate reconstruction of the original text of 17 of the documents .
fortunately , caraqui is a metropolis built on pontoons in the shallows of one of the world 's seas , so constantine enables him to experiment by physically moving parts of the city in concordance with his theory , which proves valid .
" comprehensive concordance " .
palmieri firmly believed in the humanist ideal that " virtù " was a combination of both learning and political action , and so in concordance with his political life , he was also an author .
the concordance evinces great care and accuracy .
because a child inherits half of its dna from each parent , parents and children , siblings , and fraternal ( dizygotic ) twins have a concordance around 50% using this measure .
the name casper and the same sounding name kasper are derived from gaspar which in turn is from an ancient chaldean word , " gizbar " , which according to strong 's concordance means " treasurer " .
first - degree relatives prevalence rate is 2 - 3% and disease genetic concordance in monozygotic twins is approximately 15 - 20% .
concordance is a database program tailored to legal applications .
two translations of this work in latin and one in italian have been completed ; and as recently as 1862 a " biblical patristic concordance for preachers and catechists " was complied from it .
the indexing stage will scan the text of all the documents and build a list of search terms , often called an index , but more correctly named a concordance .
traditionally , the freshman class builds the bonfire and then runs around it a set number of times in concordance with their class year ; the class of 2009 performed 109 circuits , the class of 1999 performed 99 , etc .
the doctrine of concordance states that cognitive processes , behavior , and phenomenological experience are highly correlated .
strong 's concordance .
sutartinės ( from the word sutarti — to be in concordance , in agreement ) are highly unique examples of folk music .
the hotel denouement has exactly 10 floors , accordingly organized in concordance with the system , from the basement to the rooftop salon ( not ranked numerically ) .
( rome , 1622 ) , two years after his death , a work which is based on nathan 's " hebrew concordance " ( venice , 1523 ) .
vine 's can be used with strong 's concordance .
trio concordance rate has been found to be > 99.6% .
the first concordance , completed in 1230 , was undertaken under the guidance of hugo de saint - cher ( hugo de sancto charo ) , assisted by fellow dominicans .
if one is only interested in stochastic ordering of the two populations ( i.e. , the concordance probability p("y " > " x " ) ) , the wilcoxon - mann - whitney test can be used even if the shapes of the distributions are different .
peter mintert 's " lexicon græco - latinum " of the new testament is a concordance as well as a lexicon , giving the latin equivalent of the greek and , in the case of " septuagint " words , the hebrew equivalent also ( frankfort , 1728 ) .
past themes include healthy living and aging , concordance , and interdisciplinary collaboration .
having admitted his sons francis ( 1745–1822 ) and charles ( 1754–1831 ) into partnership he undertook for the " new conger " association the issue of a standard edition of the works of shakespeare , milton , locke and other british classics ; also " cruden 's concordance " .
the possibility of abrogation between these two sources , though , was a more contentious issue precipitated by the absence within a source of the appropriate abrogating ( " nāsikh " ) or abrogated ( " mansūkh " ) material necessary to bring concordance between it and the " fiqh " .
