iapmo r&t marks of conformity are widely recognized and represent the highest degree of integrity in showing compliance with established codes and standards .
2267 ) states : " if ... non - lethal means are sufficient to defend and protect people 's safety from the aggressor , authority will limit itself to such means , as these are more in keeping with the concrete conditions of the common good and more in conformity with the dignity of the human person " .
legal culture can differ between countries despite their conformity to a similar if not identical legal system .
according to jellinek , " the fourth recension is the oldest , since it has borrowed large portions from the " hekalot " ; next to this stand the second and the third ; while the youngest is the first , which , nevertheless , has the advantage of real conformity with the spirit of the race and represents this the best of all . "
" we will do our best to see that our decisions are in conformity with it .
conformity to the second requirement is more variable .
a listing agency is accredited by an independent and authoritative conformity assessment body to operate a material and product listing and labeling ( certification ) system and that is accepted by the authority having jurisdiction .
philip jenkins has stated that " emersonian ideas stressed individual liberation , autarchy , self - sufficiency and self - government , and strenuously opposed social conformity " .
for instance , a degree of conformity is often required in exterior appearance of single family homes and there are often time limits and/or restrictions to activities generating noise .
the exacting competitive nature of the automotive industries and the essential need for continuous technological innovations for the same as well as the rapid developments in the transportation industries on one hand and the ever - pressing need for the production of the more advanced varieties of commercial vehicles on the other hand , have imposed the imperative necessity for the promotion of the quality and production controls which are to be well compatible with and in true conformity to the standards set for the same on the international scales .
any resistance to such an incursion usually ended with the jewish troops firing at random and killing several villagers ' khalidi mentions ‘ repeated and merciless raids against sleeping villages carried out in conformity with plan c’ , i.e. in the period before april 1948 .
puritans therefore sought both individual and corporate conformity to the teaching of the bible , with moral purity pursued both down to the smallest detail as well as ecclesiastical purity to the highest level .
these gentlemen consider the later [ traditional treatises ] as authentic law - books on customs and conventions , hence my replies are perforce based mainly in conformity with their teachings . "
the teaching authority of the church does not forbid that , in conformity with the present state of human sciences and sacred theology , research and discussions , on the part of men experienced in both fields , take place with regard to the doctrine of evolution , in as far as it inquires into the origin of the human body as coming from pre - existent and living matter — for the catholic faith obliges us to hold that souls are immediately created by god .
besides truth 's revered status in k - paxian society , the notion of god ( anthropomorphic ) or gods is seen as illusive and false conformity .
the combination of traditional conformity and the " self - sacrificing " ideology of the chinese communist revolution effectively silenced artists and writers who depended on their creativity of self - expression .
in the case of christianity , the controversy arises out of the doctrine of grace , the forgiveness of sins and atonement by faith in jesus christ ; christians being released , in important particulars , from conformity to the old testament polity as a whole , a real difficulty attended the settlement of the limits and the immediate authority of the remainder , known vaguely as the moral law , see also cafeteria christianity .
for any transformation which is sufficiently diversified in application to be of any interest , most of the methodological work in modern linguistics is not to be considered in determining a corpus of utterance tokens upon which conformity has been defined by the paired utterance test .
in a mass society , which presses at every point toward conformity , the protection of a self - expression , however unique , of the individual and the group becomes ever more important .
they do not claim that this position is ideal , and would gladly see a revived sanhedrin sort out the problems in jewish law , provided that it was itself established in strict conformity to law .
its judgment must therefore be reversed , and the cause remanded for further proceedings in conformity with this opinion ; and it is so ordered .
critics attribute some of the film 's flaws to various elements including the interference of the motion picture association of america ( mpaa ) , which imposed censorial conformity under the production code .
it is focused on the objective laws and contradictions of its evolution as well as on the methods for assessing the socially significant decisions adopted by state authorities , it analyses their impact on various social groups and on the degree of their conformity to the potential and requirements of the balanced economic growth .
wellesley had another trick up his sleeve : a clause of the treaty by which the nawab under- took to establish a system of administration " by the advice of and acting in conformity to the counsel of the officers of the honourable company " which should be conducive to the prosperity of his subjects .
along with black flag and black sabbath , musicians cited by pioneers of the style as influential include mississippi john hurt , lynyrd skynyrd , greg ginn , celtic frost , trouble , carnivore , corrosion of conformity , saint vitus , righteous pigs , amebix , and swans .
1939 this census was undertaken in conformity with section 1 of c. a. 170 .
the deprivations were to be carried out under the authority of parker 's " advertisements " , which he had just published as a revised form of the original articles defining ecclesiastical conformity .
with the insertion of the term " philosophy of life , " the equal treatment of religious and non - religious philosophies of life is guaranteed in conformity with the international commitments of the netherlands .
deliverance ( corrosion of conformity album ) .
on 30 may 2004 , enac awarded gesap an " airport certificate " in recognition of the airport 's full conformity with the regulations set down in enac 's " regulations for the construction and management of airports " .
again , these new fundamentals of civil legislation formed a statutory framework only ( what is called a ' in french , or a ' in german ) ; the fifteen union republics then passed their own legislation in conformity with this union - wide framework .
the corruption of money and the rottenness of a bigoted suburbia where conformity to its illiberal standards and a hypocritical show of respectability are all that counts .
since , in conformity with the specified plan , there are different articles in this book , it is necessary a variety of authors who study about the history of medicine or are interested in this subject in different part of the world get familiar with it .
on the other hand , a more vigorous emigration probably would strengthen the forces of conformity and repression would retard the process of evolution in popular and leadershipattitudes which the program is trying to promote .
and in the whole build of the body he was neither too slender nor overweighted with flesh , but perfectly proportioned and , one might say , built in conformity with the canon of polycleitus ...
in such a way , it adopts as its mission the promotion of the quality of life of the citizen and the competitiveness of the brazilian economy through the metrologia and of the evaluation of conformity .
while thus reflecting the poet ceased to write , and went to bathe , intending subsequently to alter the sentence into more conformity with the relative positions of the hero and heroine , what was jaidev ’s surprise when on returning from his bath he found the verse completed exactly as he had subsequently intended !
during the ceremony he preached a sermon which said that it was the monarch 's duty to maintain the established religion of scotland and to bring the other religions in britain into conformity with it .
the central themes in the " private " series revolve around sociological matters such as conformity and elitism — particularly as they pertain to an outsider during the coming of age period .
university college london ( ucl ) was founded in the early nineteenth century as the first publicly funded english university to admit anyone regardless of religious adherence ; and the test and corporation acts that had imposed a wide range of restrictions on citizens who were not in conformity to the church of england , were also abolished at about that date .
his views , although calvinistic , grew into something like conformity with the church of england , and at the restoration he made professions of loyalty .
after morgan 's death , bishop richard parry and dr john davies continued the work with the aim of polishing the literary language , replacing forms considered too colloquial , and to bring the text into greater conformity with the authorised version of the english bible of 1611 .
lyrically and vocally , leeway were firmly rooted in the hardcore punk genre as could also be seen by the company they chose to keep – corrosion of conformity , bad brains , circle jerks , sick of it all , and prong to name but a few .
its object was to show the execution of a mortgage , under date of march 11 , 1818 , by austin to the bank of st. louis , on the land in controversy , for the sum of,000 ; a judgment in the superior court of the territory of missouri in favor of the bank against austin for,001.85 , rendered october 1 , 1819 , and a judgment in the same court in favor of mcnair for 3.94 ; executions upon those judgments issuing in 1819 which were levied upon all the right , title , claim , interest , and property of austin in the land embraced in the mine a breton survey ( except three lots of described boundaries ) , and under which sales were had march 21 , 1820 ; a deed by the sheriff making the sale to charles r. ross , who purchased as agent of the bank of st. louis , and to which no seal or scroll was affixed ; duly recorded deeds from the bank to charles r. ross in trust ; from ross to simpson , price , hammond , and easton ; from simpson , hammond , and easton to price ; from ross , agent , to price ; from price to smith and others in trust ; from the latter , under date of june 29 , 1822 , to louis devotion ; the death of devotion , and the appointment and qualification of savage and walsh as his administrators ; the resignation of walsh , and the sale by savage , as administrator , because of the insufficiency of personalty to meet debts of his intestate , and in conformity with the orders of the county court of st. louis county , having jurisdiction in the premises , of austin 's interest in the land embraced in the mine a breton survey ; its purchase by john deane ; the confirmation of such sale , and the subsequent conveyance to deane by the administrator of devotion on may 28 , 1835 .
at the restoration he was ejected for refusing the terms of conformity .
physical and hormonal changes that accompany adolescence are exacerbated by newfound self - consciousness , social pressures , and the desire for conformity and identity .
to parker 's consternation , the queen refused to add her imprimatur to his attempts to secure conformity , though she insisted that he achieve this goal .
his reply was that the governor should act in conformity with the opinions of the law officers of the crown .
it is a discoesque rock opera - styled feature , set in a futuristic 1994 , dealing with themes of conformity versus rebellion and infused with biblical allegories ( namely the tale of adam and eve ) .
for more information , see the corrosion of conformity page .
even under the present political system , however , village leaders have little or no formal authority and govern through consensus and the use of social pressure to ensure conformity .
legally , most states have time - based rules for the definition of " classic " for purposes such as antique vehicle registration ; for example , most states define it as " a motor vehicle , but not a reproduction thereof , manufactured at least 20 years prior to the current year which has been maintained in or restored to a condition which is substantially in conformity with manufacturer specifications and appearance . "
it accepts the nicene creed and the two sacraments as they are in full conformity with the bible .
( a ) the palestinian side would ensure an effective legal framework is in place to criminalize , in conformity with the prior agreements , any importation , manufacturing or unlicensed sale , acquisition or possession of firearms , ammunition or weapons in areas under palestinian jurisdiction .
states parties shall afford one another the widest measure of mutual legal assistance , in conformity with their domestic law and applicable treaties , by promptly and accurately processing and responding to requests from authorities which , in accordance with their domestic law , have the power to investigate or prosecute the illicit activities described in this convention , in order to obtain evidence and take other necessary action to facilitate procedures and steps involved in such investigations or prosecutions .
for twenty years 1639 - 1659 the arians were tolerated , but public opinion widely considered them as swedish collaborators during the deluge , and in 1660 the polish diet gave anti - trinitarians the option of conformity or exile .
all criminologists agree that for a society to function efficiently , social order is necessary and that conformity is induced through a socialization process .
the primary friction stems from the individual 's quest for instinctual freedom and civilization 's contrary demand for conformity and instinctual repression .
zagorin 's last survey work , " how the idea of religious toleration came to the west " ( 2003 ) , returned to questions regarding individual belief ranged against those who claimed the right to enforce religious conformity by force if necessary , tracing the hard - fought emergence of a particular view of a right to freedom of conscience that arose out of the religious conflicts of the seventeenth century , and informed the views of the american founders .
moreover , the government has required that several jewish schools remain open on saturdays , the jewish sabbath , in conformity with the schedule of other schools in the school system .
the decree of the lower court was reversed , and the cause remanded , with directions to enter a decree in conformity with this opinion ; and was so ordered .
wrenno was hanged next , and , the rope breaking , he was once more offered his life for conformity ; but he ran to the ladder and climbed it .
misselden supported william laud 's schemes for bringing the practice of the english congregations abroad into conformity with that of the church of england .
the band took a break in the summer of 1995 and played three outdoor shows which included headlining donington park in the united kingdom , supported by slayer , skid row , slash 's snakepit , therapy ? , and corrosion of conformity .
though a ritualist and a rigorous enforcer of outward conformity , cosin was uncompromisingly hostile to roman catholicism , and most of his writings illustrate this antagonism .
in conformity with the two parts of his book , his personality and his preaching are alike twofold , and the title dhul kifl means " the one to double " or " to fold " .
but , the thing is , i was rebelling against conformity and what was popular .
the management and organizational structure of uic is in conformity with organizational structure of other insurance companies .
newsted countered his statement by saying hetfield recorded vocals for a song in the film ' , and appears on two corrosion of conformity albums .
the law expressly states this to be in conformity with the ancient custom ( pertz , " mon .
jimmy has also been a large part in the histories of bands such as corrosion of conformity and crowbar as a touring drummer .
zenith 's chief virtue is conformity , and its religion is “ boosterism .
the trailer is unloaded and the individual shipments are then weighed and inspected to verify their conformity to the description contained in the accompanying paperwork .
in the conclusion of frank zappa 's joe 's garage , joe , the protagonist gives in to conformity and gets a job on the assembly line at the utility muffin research kitchen ; the narration describing his job there is identical to the opening narration from muffin man , except for the substition of the word " plook " for " poot " .
catherine is amused to learn that walter had been a history professor before he ran away to the south pacific to escape the rigid conformity .
conformity to natural law and enlightenment were its watchwords ; great attention was given to practical life and student assessment ; the modern languages were carefully taught ; and physical education was introduced by one of the teachers at schnepfenthal , johann christoph friedrich gutsmuths .
vital beauty , again , is regarded as relative when the degree of exaltation of the function is estimated , or generic if only the degree of conformity of an individual to the appointed functions of the species is taken into account .
" the school 's administration , as the students know , praises conformity to the school 's rules .
alert to its status as the weak , it makes no attempt to take a strategy on , but seeks to fulfill its needs behind an appearance of conformity .
attilan 's society and culture are predicated on a conformist belief system which permits individuality as it applies to genetic development and physical and mental ability , but demands rigid conformity in that each member of society is assigned a place within that society according to those abilities following exposure to the terrigen mist .
the style of the play was considered to show a fair measure of conformity with the style of rowley 's known works , and a few specific traits in the play seem to conform to rowley 's mannerisms .
tricks in the shape of art » , « empty productions » , « triumph of less than nothing » , « null simplism » , « aesthete " bricolage " » , « conformity of what 's never been seen » , « submissiveness of the modern art in a globalized market » ...
what troubles me , however , as much as music becoming professionalized , is the tendency for alternative musical or political communities to close ranks and demand an ideological conformity of their members .
individualistic by nature , rationals observe their own interests as a response to action , free from societal conformity or traditional thinking .
although the novel draws on talmudic tradition to create the framework for elisha 's life , steinberg himself wrote that his novel " springs from historical data without any effort at rigid conformity or literal confinement to them . "
although conformity generally leads individuals to think and act more like groups , individuals are occasionally able to reverse this tendency and change the people around them .
its leadership was supervised by jesuit theologians , whose office ensured doctrinal conformity .
british delegate archibald skelton says that the afghan entry is in conformity with a long - felt desire of the united kingdom , and the representatives of iraq , china , france , and italy also add their congratulations .
he must apply international law even if it is not in conformity with dutch law " .
in 1996 the college got university status , and in 2000 in conformity with decision of examination board it obtained status of public academic institution .
( h ) maintain sufficient financial resources to operate in conformity with the requirements laid down in the directive , in particular to bear the risk of liability for damages , for example , by obtaining appropriate insurance ;
it must be remembered , however , that sometimes a moral economy may not act in conformity to morality as it is now generally understood .
these actions of the polish state were condemned by the permanent court of international justice , ruling out in 1923 " that the position adopted by the polish government [ ... ] was not in conformity with its international obligations . " .
the selection and arrangement of goods in these graves shows a widespread conformity of household possessions and funeral custom among these wealthy people .
" a radio broadcasting station that functions on board an aircraft and transmits only to the territory of another administration without its agreement can not be considered in conformity with the radio communications regulations . "
bringing their capacities to conformity with the resources of agricultural raw materials .
edguy 's lyrics are often metaphorical , alluding to metaphysical or social themes : conformity ( " the headless game " , " mysteria " , " king of fools " ) , dictation by the church ( " the kingdom " , " the pride of creation " , " theater of salvation " ) , and dangers of modern civilization ( " navigator " , " the devil and the savant " ) .
the sons used the transferred funds primarily to pay for rent , food , transportation , and personal needs while on their missions ( in conformity with church guidelines , which required such funds to be spent for only missionary work and forbade various leisure or personal activities ) .
on the other hand , deletionists favor objectivity and conformity , holding that " wikipedia is not google , " a " junkyard , " or " a dumping ground for facts .
in luxembourg , challenges on the conformity of the law to the constitution are brought before the " cour constitutionnelle " ( constitutional court ) .
her behavior is unusual for a teen at mica area high school which prizes student conformity above all else .
screen writers have to ensure that their stories conformed to the guidelines — the closer the conformity , the greater their likelihood of being published .
this conformity to earthly rules is important because it recognizes that the spirit of a man or woman is affected by the actions of the body .
" as the century nears its formidable end , our global experience of universal proportions , predicted by many greats , will arrive at our solar system , to our system of a down . authoritarian oppression , family abuse , depression caused by conformity , and economic devastation will be neutralised by technological terrorism in times of complete chaos .
in ethics , which more particularly were the subject of his long and laborious study , he seems to have denied the conformity of the moral ideas with nature .
this conformity once again emphasizes the importance of these residues for hydrolytic activity .
in april 1995 , alice in chains entered bad animals studio in seattle with producer toby wright , who had previously worked with corrosion of conformity and slayer .
in the military , political leaders attacked all personal connections between soldiers that were not based on political conviction , thus exploiting social pressures and personal anxieties to build a sense of conformity .
the product listing ( certification ) process includes initial and ongoing product testing , a periodic inspection on current production of listed products and making available a published report of the listed manufacturer and specific products that contain specific information regarding the material or product conformity to applicable standards and has been found safe for use in a specific manner .
soon mother mary joseph and father ignatius were working together on the rule of the institute to bring it into conformity with the rule of the founder of the passionists , st. paul of the cross .
st. justin martyr testifies that baptism was only administered by those who , together with their profession of faith , made a promise or vow that they would live in conformity with the christian code .
in conformity with the standard european union design , estonian passports are burgundy , with the estonian coat of arms emblazoned in the centre of the front cover .
in 1568 john joscelyn , secretary to archbishop parker , issued a new edition of it more in conformity with manuscript authority ; and in 1691 a still more carefully revised edition by thomas gale appeared at oxford .
she writes , " the law requires conformity to its own notion of ' nature ' .
scholars have devoted far less attention to collective behavior than they have to either conformity or deviance .
it is , rather , a chilling tale of conformity gone mad . "
scc understands the key relationship between trade , standardization and conformity assessment .
osta - aeco seeks to " promote the unity without conformity of all affiliated student trustees " to advance the student vision .
from this time till his death he took an active interest in current discussions on predestination , the trinity , and conformity .
the band had been recording several demos , which were released on various 7 " records and splits on various labels , but finally in 1996 settled down to record a full length record , with pepper keenan of corrosion of conformity as producer , and new bassist vince leblanc , which would be named " dopesick " .
although the emphasis of the " lexicon technicum " was on mathematical subjects , its contents go beyond what would be called science or technology today , in conformity with the broad eighteenth - century understanding of the terms " arts " and " science , " and it includes entries on the humanities and fine arts , notably on law , commerce , music , and heraldry .
in classical period islam sakk ( sukuk ) – which is cognate with the european root " cheque " from persian ' ( چک ) pronounced check ' - meant any document representing a contract or conveyance of rights , obligations or monies done in conformity with the shariah .
conformity of one ’s being should come from within and not from outside ( this means no comparison leading to elimination of process of evaluation and examination by outside agencies )
pepper keenan , member of corrosion of conformity , is a member of down but also worked on eyehategod 's album " dopesick " .
the electoral system of the soviet union was based upon chapter xi of the constitution and by the electoral laws enacted in conformity with it .
slant magazine " critic keith uhlich called it an " mtv film that extreme right - wing moralists can be proud of , as it posits a quintessentially american world of racial , intellectual , and sexual conformity . " many compared the film unfavorably with " the breakfast club " , and many even called it a rip - off . " entertainment weekly " wrote the film off as being " like " the breakfast club " recast as a video game for simpletons . "
in sharp contrast , prescriptive truth consists in the conformity of our appetites with right desire .
mental illness vs. conformity .
g. s. lee writes that the church is always eager to " recognize the varying wants of her spiritual children , and to shape her devotional exercises in conformity to these " .
this subjective element may help explain differences amongst the various masoretic codices in some details of the section divisions ( though it should be emphasized that their degree of conformity is high ) .
the conformity of organizational beliefs to societal aspirations acts as a source of reassuring legitimacy for the organization ( starbuck and nystrom 1981d ; see also meyer and rowan , 1977 ) .
indeed , the report finds that only in three countries the national law ( austria , malta and portugal ) is in conformity with the directive .
fight it back " is about the social misfit , fighting against conformity .
they then belatedly petitioned the ncaa to legislate conformity unsuccessfully .
the later novel " joko 's anniversary " ( 1969 ) , another fable about loss of identity , is a vicious satire on social conformity .
within the story , jane eyre attends lowood institution , a school that enforces conformity and plainness amongst its students .
further research also suggests that working class parents emphasize conformity , traditional gender roles , and the adherence to external standards in their children , such as being neat and clean and " [ believing ] in strict leadership . "
the u.f.c. an approach to doctrinal conformity , which was fairly liberal for a presbyterian denomination at the time .
when james i succeeded her in 1603 , however , he quickly instituted a policy designed to enforce religious conformity .
others argue that the rules merely bring iraq 's economic law into conformity with modern norms of international trade , that the cpa should not be under any obligation to run iraq as a totalitarian state simply because that 's what its laws were like before the occupation , and that the previous government and its laws were not democratically legitimate since saddam hussein 's government was not elected either .
hills et al . v. ross ii 3 u.s. 331 ( dall . ) ( 1796 ) is an early united states supreme court case holding that : " we are , therefore , of opinion , that the circuit court have sufficiently caused the facts , on which they decided , to appear from the pleadings and decree , in conformity to the act of congress . "
they must ensure the manufacturer ’s compliance with the conformity assessment procedure set out in the european directives which apply to the manufacture ’s product .
if a law is repugnant to islam , " the president in the case of a law with respect to a matter in the federal legislative list or the concurrent legislative list , or the governor in the case of a law with respect to a matter not enumerated in either of those lists , shall take steps to amend the law so as to bring such law or provision into conformity with the injunctions of islam " ( constitution , article 203d ) .
the 3 years reside condition was suppressed in 1997 for residents from eu ( in conformity with the european legislation ) and the nordic passport union .
strata which are found with tilted surfaces were so originally deposited , or lie in conformity with the contours of a pre - existing basin of deposition .
" æquitas " is the nominative form of the latin " æquitatem " , meaning justice , equality , conformity , symmetry , or fairness , and is the source of the modern word " equity " .
punitive socialisation causes social conformity .
the title comes from an untitled poem by e.e. cummings in which he criticized his society 's need for conformity .
rene guenon : " the starting - point given to the year that one can call normal , as being in direct conformity with primordial tradition , is the winter solstice " , " traditional forms and cosmic cycles " , p. 24 ) ; on the other stand the chthonic and titanized inferior races and the spiritually / ethnically bastardized heirs of the fallen atlantean civilization captured by the " southern light " and its sacerdotal and naturalistic - pantheist religion of promiscuous vegetal and animal fertility .
the objective of an audit of financial statements is to enable the auditor to express an opinion whether the financial statements are prepared , in all " material " respects , in conformity with an identified financial reporting framework such as generally accepted accounting principles ( gaap ) .
he never conceived of a separation between church and state , and may have refused to tolerate any non - conformity with the reformed national presbyterian church .
the city of london corporation still manage epping forest in strict conformity with the epping forest act without any money for its upkeep coming from local rates or taxes .
constructive norms are evident in environments where quality is valued over quantity , creativity is valued over conformity , cooperation is believed to lead to better results than competition , and effectiveness is judged at the system level rather than the component level .
memory conformity refers to the finding that when people remember an event together their memories become more similar to each others ' than if they had not had this social interaction ( wright , self & justice , 2000 ) .
in his book " your competent child " ( 1995 , in english 2001 ) he argues that today 's families are at an exciting crossroads because the destructive values — obedience , physical and emotional violence , and conformity — that governed traditional hierarchical families are being transformed .
the government of india amended its constitution in 1993 to have a third tier of governance which paved way for passing conformity legislation in all the states including kerala .
again , all laws were expressed to continue in force with such modifications , adaptations , qualifications and exceptions as might be necessary to bring them into conformity with the independent status of singapore upon separation from malaysia .
social environments can influence motivation and persistence , through pressures towards social conformity .
v. hanson , " 351 u.s. 225 ( 1956 ) , the court held that the union security provisions of the railway labor act were constitutional , but withheld judgment as to " the validity or enforceability of a union or closed shop agreement if other conditions of union membership are imposed or if the exaction of dues , initiation fees or assessments is used as a cover for forcing ideological conformity or other action in contravention of the first or the fifth amendment . "
following bishop alexander bur 's death in 1397 , the king , in conformity with feudal established practice during the period of the vacant seat , took possession of the castle and perversely appointed the now reformed wolf of badenoch to be warden of the castle .
figures are also present in many of smart ’s paintings , which are said to be “ impassive observers , reconciled to the contemporary state of things , prepared to accommodate themselves to an increasingly impersonal environment ” or as “ statements on the dehumanising conformity of modern architecture and social painting ” , but smart contradicts : “
functionalist criminologists recognise that states invest their resources in maintaining order through social conformity , i.e. a particular culture is encouraged and maintained through the primary social discourses which may include religious , economic , social , or other less formal concerns .
this was accomplished through four program initiatives : a mass campaign of electronic and print propaganda ; intensive individualized reeducation ; special programmes for true believers that emphasised " internal transformation " rather than " external conformity " ; and for the still defiant , punitive and rehabilitative labor reform .
while the traditional social fraternity is a well - established mainstay across the united states at institutions of higher learning , alternatives - in the form of social fraternities that require doctrinal and behavioral conformity to the christian faith - developed in the early twentieth century which continue to grow in size and popularity today .
according to its constitution , the party believes in a " fair , free and open society ... in which no - one shall be enslaved by poverty , ignorance or conformity " .
in 1972 bishop warren bopudreaux , second bishop of beaumont , and monsignor m. f. enderle began the second major renovation of this sacred site in conformity with renewal of the sacred liturgy following the second vatican council .
this version is considered the best trade - off between sound , stability and conformity ( which is a big deal concerning the sid chip , since they tend to sound different from unit to unit ) .
the mission of sophia institute shall be to nurture the spiritual , moral , and cultural life of souls and to spread the gospel of christ in conformity with the teachings of the magisterium of the roman catholic church .
it is a consequence in part of his conformity to their method and his attention to administrative applications that his treatise was found peculiarly adapted for the use of the official class and long maintained its position as their special textbook .
strata which are found with tilted surfaces were so originally deposited , or lie in conformity with the contours of a pre - existing basin of deposition .
conformity assessment , also known as compliance assessment , , is any activity to determine , directly or indirectly , that a process , product , or service meets relevant standards and fulfills relevant requirements .
at the age of 32 he died in a mysterious fire in his studio , widely believed to have been started by the kgb as a tactic to scare him into conformity .
they felt that the nomadic life was incompatible with strict conformity with islam .
however , many aussie breeders felt that akc put too much emphasis on breed conformity and not enough on performance , so asca declined to join the akc .
pressure , prejudice , negativity , fear , conformity and
this is in full conformity with international trends in medical education and this approach is fully endorsed by the higher education commission and the pakistan medical & dental council in its new curiculum-2005 guiding principles .
the corresponding verse in luke ( luke 23:17 ) is not present in the earliest manuscripts and may be a later gloss to bring " luke " into conformity .
copernicus was given its name by giovanni riccioli , an italian jesuit who in conformity with church doctrine publicly opposed the heliocentric system revived by nicolaus copernicus .
the 12-hour dial is a relic of pre - revolutionary society , used to represent the desirable past ; the 24-hour dial and time system is the compulsory standard imposed by the party , and represents both conformity and the undesirable nature of the new world .
he does not claim that all creoles are ideal examples of the prototype , rather they exhibit varying degrees of conformity with the prototype .
see also : asch conformity experiments , milgram experiment and the stanford prison experiment .
prescriptions shall be retained in conformity with the requirements of section 827 of this title .
after the sac of constantinople by mehmad ii in 1453 , the ottoman sultan , as a muslim ruler , was obliged to act in the conformity with the muslim holy law , the shari’a .
eyehategod then went through a period of internal disputes , and went on unofficial hiatus as its members scattered again to record and tour with their various side - projects ; namely soilent green , corrosion of conformity and crowbar .
[ n]o requirement or prohibition based on smoking and health shall be imposed under state law with respect to the advertising or promotion of any cigarettes the packages of which are labeled in conformity with the provisions of this chapter . ”
in contrast , an excess of severity in the imposition of , or overly - scrupulous conformity to any rule of piety , may be charged with legalism .
in recent years , persuasion has tipped over into debates over conformity in certain areas of doctrine , discipline , worship , and ethics .
the chief also sees the combine in the damming of the wild columbia river at celilo falls , where his native american ancestors hunted , and in the broader conformity of post - war american consumer society .
in 1997 and 1998 , the wto adjudicating bodies admitted usa and canada claims and invited the eu to bring the directives into conformity with wto law before end of may 1999 .
schwab 's introspective lyrics have addressed topics like conformity and emptiness .
[ t]he processing of the iso / iec dis 29500 project has been conducted in conformity with the iso / iec jtc 1 directives , with decisions determined by the votes expressed by the relevant iso and iec national bodies under their own responsibility , and consequently , for the reasons mentioned above , the appeals should not be processed further ” .
a number of industrial stebacks delayed the delivery , notably the non - conformity of the satellite communication system with the requirements of the air force .
according to jones ( eugene , 1966 ) , the three major tactics for ingratiation are other - enhancement , opinion conformity , and self - presentation .
dudley championed the development of company and industry standards and demanded rigorous testing of materials to verify conformity .
the movement developed an internal disciplinary technique called " ego stripping " ( see below ) , intended to reinforce conformity and loyalty .
a groups of priests in olinda and recife , including the vicar general , subsequently published a statement defending the archbishop and saying that the measures were in total conformity with natural law and with the laws of the church .
declaration of conformity .
fundamental national policy ” ( 基本国策要綱 " kihon kokusaku yōkō " ) , which opened with these words , and in which prime minister konoe proclaimed that the basic aim of japan 's national policy was " the establishment of world peace in conformity with the very spirit in which our nation was founded " and that the first step was the proclamation of a " new order in east asia " ( 東亜新秩序 " tōa shin chitsujo " ) , which later took the form of the " greater east asia co - prosperity sphere " ) .
outside of fashion , the song 's title has remained a metaphor for slavish conformity , but in a more positive sense as an analogy for the growth of online social networks .
when the caldey island community came into conflict with the bishop of oxford in 1913 over conformity to anglican practices , carlyle and most of his monks became roman catholic .
the russian ministry of defense claimed that the chief u.n. observer " agreed that actions by the russian side do not contradict basic agreements on the conduct of the peacekeeping operation " , but the mission later responded to this statement , declaring that it " has no authority to pronounce on the conformity between the cis peacekeeping operation in the zone of the georgian - abkhaz conflict and cis rules . "
partial preterists typically accept the authority of the creeds on the basis that they believe that the creeds are in conformity with what the scriptures teach .
free christian groups would typically also welcome those believers who personally adhere to more orthodox beliefs ( such as the trinity ) as the emphasis is on " inclusivity " rather than non - conformity per se .
in his lyrics , jello biafra admonishes mtv for what he feels is its attempt at forced conformity under the guise of being cutting - edge .
whiteness became contingent upon not just european ancestry , but conformity to a number of political beliefs , including acceptance of elite rule , as well as belief in free market capitalism and in black inferiority .
favoured lyrical concerns included animal rights , conformity , and science fiction .
three main escape mechanisms that fromm outlined are automaton conformity , authoritarianism , and destructiveness .
in 1947 , at the atlantic city conference , the itu decided to " afford international protection to all frequencies registered in a new international frequency list and used in conformity with the radio regulation . "
but the young who had few stakes or investments in conformity were more likely to be drawn into gang activity .
based on the novel " the positronic man " , co - written by isaac asimov and robert silverberg which is itself based on asimov 's original novella titled " the bicentennial man " , the plot explores issues of humanity , slavery , prejudice , maturity , intellectual freedom , conformity , sex , love , and death .
the north carolina crossover band corrosion of conformity released an album entitled " wiseblood " in 1996 in reference to the book .
this poem , by gregory corso , deals with two poets in the middle of a discussion on conformity , and how society tries to swallow up the individual .
curriculum & evaluation systems are to be in conformity to the requirements of the tripura university ( a central university ) to meet the demands and needs of the stakeholders .
most raf aircraft went through similar transitions , as a result of which there was little conformity , depending on when the aircraft was built and how squadrons over painted or repainted the roundels .
under these , all previous acts not in conformity with the reformed confession were annulled ; the sacraments were reduced to two ( baptism and communion ) to be performed by reformed preachers alone ; the celebration of the mass was made punishable by a series of penalties ( ultimately death ) and papal jurisdiction in scotland was repudiated .
" muffins " are used as a metaphor for conformity and snobbery .
with protectorate status in 1924 , the high court of northern rhodesia was made subordinate to and in conformity with the laws of england and wales .
many theorists view the film as a social critique of the conformity obsessed 1950s .
on june 16 , the secretary - general reported to the security council that israel had withdrawn its forces from lebanon in accordance with resolution 425 ( 1978 ) and met the requirements defined in his report of may 22 , 2000 ; namely , israel had completed the withdrawal in conformity with the line identified by the united nations , south lebanese army militia had been dismantled , and all detainees held at al - khiam prison had been freed .
in his defense of conformity sprint argues that the rites are non - essential , and that no minister of the gospel is justified in abandoning his ministry because they are enjoined upon him .
it also introduced the current regulations on the " marked predominance " of french on outdoor commercial signs in conformity with the supreme court suggestion .
common punk viewpoints include anti - authoritarianism , a diy ethic , non - conformity , direct action and not selling out .
he had a predominant influence and the power of enforcing everywhere exact conformity to cîteaux in all details of the exterior life observance , chant , and customs .
" the sustainable national income is based on a definition of sustainability in conformity with this " . “ the world conservation strategy ” of 1980 subtitled “ living resource conservation for sustainable development ” introduced the original concept of sustainability in the international discussion .
the agreement will progressively establish a free trade area between the eu and jordan over 12 years , in conformity with wto rules .
by handing over the test rapport and a declaration of conformity to the association , the manufacturer is allowed to use the opentherm logo .
corrosion of conformity .
parsky was forced out in 2006 after a series of newspaper articles describing funding scandals and a lax conformity to university of california hiring and compensation rules .
people will conform to a group when they believe they have more to gain from conformity than by deviance .
it shall seek to bring the whole of human life , activities , possessions , use of resources , and community and world relationships into conformity with the will of god .
adherence to the practice of christianity ( or any religion , established or not ) is , by definition , conformity to rules set forth by someone other than the individual for him or herself .
the effective utilization of pointillism facilitated in eliciting a distinct luminous effect , and from a distance , the dots came together as a whole displaying maximum brilliance and conformity to actual light conditions .
colonel norman macalister in conformity with the orders of the hon .
between a pure black and a very light mulatto over a dozen racial categories would be recognized in conformity with the combinations of hair color , hair texture , eye color , and skin color .
their music carries a generally positive message concerning non - conformity and inner - strength , hence the inspiration for the band name .
the lyrics praised non - conformity , disparaged authorities , and had dadaist elements .
in " eros and civilization " herbert marcuse condemns fromm , that in the beginning he was a radical theorist who later turned to conformity .
descriptive truth consists in the agreement or conformity of the mind with reality .
although experiences of explicit exclusion or racial discrimination were virtually nonreported , some women felt a strong sense of cultural conformity to anglo - centric expectations of behavior .
an nrm may be one of a wide range of movements ranging from those with loose affiliations based on novel approaches to spirituality or religion to communitarian enterprises that demand a considerable amount of group conformity and a social identity that separates their adherents from mainstream society .
additionally , the 1987 constitution officially codified judicial independence in article 103 , which states that , " judges rule independently according to their conscience and in conformity with the constitution and the law . "
missouri synod congregations implement close or closed communion in various ways , requiring conformity to official doctrine in various degrees .
... we are of opinion that the rights of the plaintiff , as the owner of bonds issued under a statute which , when passed , was valid by the laws of michigan , as declared and acted upon by the several departments of its government , are not affected by decisions of the supreme court of the state rendered after the railroad company , to whose rights the plaintiff succeeded , has earned the bonds under contract with the city made in conformity with the statute .
on 1 march 1968 , the college eye call signs were changed to " ethan 01 " , " 02 " , " 03 " , and " 04 " in conformity with standard air force procedures .
in the 1820s the primitive methodists were showing signs of increased conformity .
activities are distinguished as conjunctive , protective , injurious , competitive , divulgative , gregarious , repetitive , initiative , acquisitive , selective ; the social synergies a[s ] conformity , interdependence , cephalization , co - ordination , conscience , etc .
he also coined and made famous the term " no u - turn syndrome " to describe the social behaviour of singaporeans having a mindset of conformity to higher authorities before taking any action .
his free version expunges the detail that the apostle 's ascetic preaching induced the proconsul 's wife to leave her husband— socially and morally unacceptable to a merovingian audience— brings the narrative into conformity with catholic orthodoxy of his time , then adds new material .
though a non - conformist , sir thomas practised occasional conformity to the church of england as necessitated by his being lord mayor of london 1700–01 .
minardi , which initially received an injunction allowing them to compete despite their cars ' non - conformity to new 2005 technical regulations , later modified their cars to adhere to 2005 regulations .
what shook him to the core was the difficulty of maintaining a jewish identity and the enforced conformity to communism around him in the scientific community .
normally , under federal rule of evidence 404 , evidence of other crimes , wrongs , or acts is not admissible to prove the character of a person in order to show action in conformity therewith .
the rev james mowbrae was dismissed in 1639 ; his successor rev matthew mckail was transferred to bothwell in 1649 , while rev andrew morton was also dismissed for non - conformity in 1662 .
conformity and conservatism characterized the social mores of the time .
in technical conformity with law , but contrary to informal agreements , a cargo manifest was demanded by cuban authorities .
