another strand of interpretation holds that the verse refers to the israelite site of shiloh , the original cultic center for the israelites , which suffered conflagration during the iron i period .
there was conflagration which completed the destruction of the city and the ruins went by the name of jhunsi , a burnt town from the hindi root ' jhulasna ' .
the conflagration destroyed the manuscript copy of the " tennōki " and many other imperial treasures which had been taken for safe - keeping by the soga , but fune no fubitoesaka quickly grabbed the burning " kokki " from the flames .
the bill was being deliberated in the philippine senate , but the conflagration of 1969 unfortunately caused it to be shelved .
fires were a major danger in london at the time : the great fire destroyed more than 13,000 houses and displaced about 100,000 people , and another conflagration in 1678 damaged the middle temple , one of the inns of court .
prohibition had been a major legacy of world war i and , with war in europe , temperance leaders again hoped to take advantage of the national emergency that would occur if the united states were drawn into that conflagration .
the fire hazard posed when the top jetties all but met across the narrow alleys was well perceived—"as it does facilitate a conflagration , so does it also hinder the remedy " , wrote one observer — but " the covetousness of the citizens and connivancy [ that is , the corruption ] of magistrates " worked in favour of jetties .
the result of such an arrangement is an elevated probability for an international conflagration , since the case of an actor attacking another power would almost certainly trigger -- whether intentionally or not -- a multinational conflict involving ( potentially ) infinitely more actors than the original two states which had attacked and been attacked , respectively .
in brief , this world - consuming war has set such a conflagration to the hearts that no word can describe it .
now this has the form of a myth , but really signifies a declination of the bodies moving in the heavens around the earth , and a great conflagration of things upon the earth , which recurs after long intervals . "
in his first week on the job , he managed one of the biggest breaking news stories to occur in colorado , an arsonist 's wildfire , dubbed ' the hayman ; ' a conflagration that eventually took six weeks to extinguish , destroying 132 homes and of drought - ravaged forest .
the revolutions of 1848 spread like a conflagration through europe , and shook every throne on the continent except those of russia , spain , and belgium .
the wind played a role in a large conflagration which twain claimed to have accidentally set .
confronted in battle by brawn , bruticus was caught in an explosion as ratchet self - destructed the ark , but he survived the conflagration , only to be knocked out by artillery fire from an incoming autobot shuttle .
pyrocumuli contain severe turbulence which also results in strong gusts at the surface which can exacerbate a large conflagration .
when a cycle reaches its end in conflagration ( " ekpyrôsis " ) , the cosmos becomes pure pneuma from which it regenerates itself .
a huge conflagration amongst the narrow alleys , or ‘
if one regards the two world wars as being a single conflagration , including the spanish and russian civil wars as intermediate conflicts , tracing the routes of world war i back to the earlier franco - prussian conflict and linking all of them becomes an easy step to make .
the building 's open - plan design included many unblocked internal spaces that acted as chimneys adding to the conflagration .
the hot masses of air were sucked upwards by the powerful thermal that arose from the conflagration .
the bell bears three reliefs showing the blessed virgin as the immaculate conception , a scene from the ottoman siege of vienna ( 1683 ) , and a scene of the conflagration in 1945 .
for instance , milton 's family business is destroyed in a conflagration in the 1967 detroit riot .
the conflagration claimed 26 lives and injured a further 160 residents .
taking a firm grip of the man , under the arms , he dragged him safely away from the conflagration .
gradually , fading as the upper surface cooled , it changed to a thousand sparkling rills among the crevices , and , as it passed beyond the line of complete vision behind the woods near the base , the fires twinkled like stars , or the scintillions of a dying conflagration .
the whole of the north downtown area north of north third street was reduced to smoldering ash in this conflagration .
" apparently the ones that survived did so by being baked in the conflagration that destroyed the palace or by being " sun - baked . "
confronted in battle by brawn , bruticus was caught in an explosion as ratchet self - destructed the ark , but he survived the conflagration , only to be knocked out by artillery fire from an incoming autobot shuttle .
naval engineering school was burnt in a conflagration setting some parts of kasimpasa on fire in 1821 , and it was transferred to reconstructed errehane ( sawmill ) building around parmakkapi in the shipyard in 1822 .
this was the year when half of downtown biloxi fell prey to the fiery conflagration .
the conflagration began around 7 p.m. , and by 11 p.m. the parker building was gutted .
the great oulu fire of 1652 was a conflagration that destroyed the majority of the young city of oulu , finland on october 2 .
as the others all did the same , immediately the entire palace area was consumed , so great was the conflagration .
it was largely owing to his efforts that the war between serbia and bulgaria was prevented from spreading into a universal conflagration , and that the union of bulgaria and what was then known as eastern rumelia was accepted by the powers .
on may 27th the hotel was destroyed by conflagration which seemed to be a case of arson .
in brief , this world - consuming war has set such a conflagration to the hearts that no word can describe it .
unfortunately , in october 1952 , a conflagration reduced all that was once colegio de nuestra señora del carmen to ashes .
moments later , observers on " tulagi " saw the conflagration which marked the death throes of , the victim of another kamikaze .
in 1871 , the conservatory moved to a new building which was destroyed only a few weeks later by the great chicago fire ; despite the conflagration , the college was again up and running by the end of the year .
the burning of so many boats and buildings was a conflagration indescribably grand , which added to the explosion of ammunition upon the boats and in the depot and the roar of artillery from the combatants between whom a battle , meanwhile , was raging , produced a terrific scene .
starscream escaped the conflagration and returned to the decepticon base , only to discover that megatron and shockwave had returned in his absence , and to receive the beating he had earned from his former leader .
the bien hoa air base vietnam may 16 , 1965 conflagration / fire accident investigation board concluded the accidental explosion of a bomb on a parked b-57 at bien hoa triggered a series of blasts .
in the aftermath of the conflagration , san francisco mayor eugene e. schmitz , declared the " oakland tribune " the official san francisco newspaper .
when richmond in april 1865 was evacuated by the army of northern virginia , with orders to burn warehouses and factories , the richmond custom house survived the conflagration -- a testament to its fire - proofing .
over the centuries the town suffered repeatedly from conflagration . the textile industry began to grow in importance in 1553 , but suffered a fire in 1569 .
accepting the invitation later , copley , between june 1771 and january 1772 , painted thirty - seven portraits in new york , setting up his easel " in broadway , on the west side , in a house which was burned in the great conflagration on the night the british army entered the city as enemies . " copley 's letters to henry pelham , whom he left in charge of his affairs in boston , describe minutely the journey across new england , his first impressions of new york , which " has more grand buildings than boston , the streets much cleaner and some much broader , " and the successful search for suitable lodgings and a painting - room ; thereafter they give detailed accounts of sitters and social happenings .
in the 17th century , the town suffered heavy damage from an occupation in 1626 during the thirty years ' war and a conflagration in 1688 .
he was especially disillusioned with the british following the partition of bengal conflagration in 1905 .
forty thousand people died in the conflagration .
as the fire grew , rescuers , physicians , families of the trapped victims , and spectators were all driven back by the conflagration .
the severe conflagration of may 10 1862 , known as " the great fire " destroyed over 507 buildings in troy and gutted 75 acres in the heart of the city .
in the aftermath of little voice failing to perform , the family house catches fire , and the conflagration destroys the record collection .
she also tells frankie that she had set fire to her own house and tried to take her own life with the conflagration in order to be reunited with her family in the great beyond , but had been rescued from the blaze and subsequently branded the town crazy .
on may 22 , 1964 , the bellflower street conflagration occurred and ultimately destroyed or damaged 35 multi - family dwellings .
according to the testimony in his " chronicle " ( especially in view of his statement that he had heard from eyewitnesses of the great conflagration at st. gall in 937 ) , the date of his birth is usually placed about 980 ; he died 21 october but the year of his death is unknown ( 1036?-1060 ? ) .
the shock wave ahead of the explosion raised yet more coal dust , so that the conflagration was effectively self - fueling .
all that remained after the conflagration was the library , the billiard room , the hall and some outbuildings .
they try to figure out the best way they can survive the coming conflagration .
the inscription itself is dated to the reign of king thse - dbang - rnam - rgyal ii ( tsewang namgyal ii , c. 1760 - 1780 ) , who repaired the monastery after a conflagration .
dailey noticed the flames from change 's immolation , and when he determined that the source of the conflagration was a person , he ran forward , pushed her to the ground , and extinguished the fire by rolling her and smothering the flames with his patrol jacket .
in a single day the city of antioch lost all its inhabitants and a conflagration lighted by order of bibars completed the work of the barbarians .
if this reinterpretation is right , then the otherwise - unrecorded destruction would seem to have been caused by a conflagration , and not by a cimmerian attack .
the name is interpreted in several different ways according to rules of the " old polish " language , originating from " gorzenie " or " pogorzelcy " ( meaning : conflagration ) , or even " gorzelnia " or " gorzałka " meaning brewery .
mingle not among this corrupt people lest you be found so at the world 's conflagration .
the great chicago fire was a conflagration that burned from sunday , october 8 , to early tuesday , october 10 , 1871 , killing hundreds and destroying about four square miles in chicago , illinois .
her parents both died in a conflagration that burned her own right arm .
soon , the hard rain stopped the conflagration ; and in revenge his thunderbolt destroyed mount malinao , the abode of aswang for defying him .
the department was created in 1912 as a volunteer department after a large conflagration destroyed a large portion of what is now the downtown core of fort lauderdale .
in 1978 , the newspaper 's office was hit by a conflagration which was considered as a criminal act .
the resulting conflagration destroyed the wooden fort .
in 1840 , he produced " awful conflagration of the steam boat " lexington " , which was so successful that he was given a weekly insert in the " new york sun " .
it was burnt down in the conflagration of 1657 , only 19 years after completion , and it has never since been reconstructed .
unable to escape from the building , everyone inside the cinema died as a result of the conflagration .
the great fire of london was a major conflagration that swept through the central parts of the english city of london , from sunday , 2 september to wednesday , 5 september 1666 .
over the corpse of white poland lies the road to worldwide conflagration .
in dollar value , the conflagration was more costly than the great chicago fire of 1871 .
in the conflagration of the khandava forest she showed great devotion in the protection of her children , and they were eventually saved through the influence of mandapala over the god of fire .
it may be doubted how far exceptional cases , like the blowing up of a house to stop a conflagration , go - and if they go beyond the general rule , whether they do not stand as much upon tradition as upon principle
the investigation into the cause of the conflagration has stalled , likely for good .
they managed to destroy a dozen houses , but the fire did not spread enough to cause a conflagration .
after successfully bombing the target , he emerged from the conflagration with the left wing of his aircraft on fire .
while conducting operations off kyūshū , japan , she witnessed the conflagration on franklin ( cv-13 ) ; and , on 19 march 1945 , narrowly escaped destruction herself when a kamikaze barely missed her .
the cavalry followed , but the conflagration turned to the advantage of antigonus due to a superiority in number , until peucestas , heading a large part of eumenes ' cavalry , retreated from combat to a nearby river .
this was replaced by several castles in succession , of which one , castle dounie , was taken by oliver cromwell and burned by prince william , duke of cumberland in 1746 , the conflagration being witnessed from a neighbouring hill by simon fraser , 11th lord lovat , before his capture on loch morar .
the 1923 berkeley fire was a conflagration which consumed some 640 structures , including 584 homes in the densely - built neighborhoods north of the campus of the university of california in berkeley , california on september 17 , 1923 .
these fires created the great conflagration of richmond , which left a third of the city destroyed , including all of the business district .
entrance of the conflagration .
strange , however , rose again and manifested what appeared to be the power of zom to dispatch all his enemies ( and friends ) in one furious conflagration .
his opportunity came with the great conflagration that nearly devoured the doge 's palace in venice in december 1577 .
credit default swaps are the rocket fuel that turned the subprime mortgage fire into a conflagration .
but at last , despairing of defending it , they set fire to the town , and under cover of the conflagration crossed over to cos , whither they had previously removed their treasures .
he collected much information from natives , but his notes and sketches had to be abandoned during a conflagration with local tribesmen .
the haganah was instructed to avoid spreading the conflagration by indiscriminate attacks and to avoid provoking british intervention .
these heroes saved the lives of many people and saved the town of a conflagration .
because of forest fire smoke that had covered the region for several weeks and the absence of a forest fire monitoring service , there was almost no warning that the conflagration was upon the communities .
one hundred yards of street frontage — offices , shops and warehouses — were in a short time in flames , the conflagration running up the hill , butcher bank , to pilgrim street .
the downtown business district was wooden , too , and much of it went up in flames during a catastrophic conflagration in 1904 .
in 1822 colton re - published a previous work on napoleon , with extensive additions , under the title of " the conflagration of moscow . "
also known as " conflagration " , the film has come to be best known by its japanese title .
he arrived in new york city with his chess - player , trumpeter , panharmonicon , rope - dancers , miniature song - birds that sprang from the lids of snuff - boxes , speaking - dolls , and the “ conflagration of moscow . ”
elegant variation is still common in modern journalism , where , for example , a " fire " often becomes a " blaze " or a " conflagration " with no clear justification , and it is considered particularly problematic in legal , scientific , and technical writing , where avoiding ambiguity is important .
when pele causes a conflagration by staying too close to the fire god lono - makua , nāmaka drives her away ( beckwith 1970:170 ) .
her empire dying , the mu empress abandons the " atragon " and , jinguji and company looking on , swims into the conflagration .
it built slowly , like the beginning of a giant conflagration , and grew so intense it was possible to picture the kindling catching , spreading , and being whipped by the wind into a raging , out - of - control inferno . "
this small conflagration caused a new flurry of fire control effort resulting in the purchase of two new engines and the formation of hook and ladder company no .
fire fighters were hampered by lack of equipment and before dawn more than 20 buildings were destroyed in the conflagration .
wherefore , when i saw the senate deprived of leaders , and myself attacked by some of the magistrates , betrayed by some , and abandoned by others ; when i saw that slaves were being enlisted by name under some pretence of forming guilds ; 7 that all the troops of catiline were recalled to their original hopes of massacre and conflagration under almost the same leaders as before ; that the roman knights were under the same fear of proscription as before ; that the municipal towns were in dread of being pillaged , and every one in fear of his life ; i might —
the warhead 's safety mechanism prevented it from detonating , but the impact tore the tank off the wing and ignited the resulting spray of escaping jp-5 fuel , causing an instantaneous conflagration .
it is partially destroyed by conflagration in 1915 .
on july 27 , 2004 , the irkutsk synagogue ( 1881 ) was gutted by a conflagration .
other buildings were reconstructed during this period , but , with the notable exception of the 17th century hatto , the temple complex was largely devastated during the conflagration of 1788 .
in 1912 , sincelejo almost disappears because of a huge conflagration , which took down the most of the central zone , nevertheless the town was rebuilt , having a particular architecture belonging to that age , mostly in the center zone of the town .
occurrences : the illustrated ambrose bierce ( artist " an imperfect conflagration " , " a revolt of the gods " )
firefighting in the united states could be traced back to the 17th century , when after a great conflagration in boston in 1631 the massachusetts bay colony passed a law banning smoking at public places .
it was called " al - hariqa " ( conflagration ) after the area was completely burned down in 1925 under french bombing in response to the syrian revolt .
when night comes he sets off the charge , and while the people of ternate cope with the resulting conflagration , armusia and his companions stage a prison break and free the king .
in the resulting conflagration both houses of parliament were destroyed along with most of the other buildings in the palace complex .
there was another fire in 962 , and a more devastating conflagration in 1020 after which bishop fulbert reconstructed the whole building .
the tension which has been relaxed will again be tightened ; things will gradually resolve into elements , and the elements into the primary substance , to be consummated in a general conflagration ( ekpyrôsis ) when once more the world will be absorbed in god .
letters on clay tablets found baked in the conflagration of the destruction of the city speak of attack from the sea , and a letter from alashiya ( cyprus ) speaks of cities already being destroyed from attackers who came by sea .
tragedy struck minden in the early morning hours of may 15 , 1942 when the village 's worst conflagration since 1890 swept the minden side of main street , destroying virtually everything , including the echo building .
the tower , with only few small windows , was the perfect environment for a major conflagration .
on the same evening , the king 's arms and every sign with any resemblance of it , whether lion and crown , pestle and mortar , and crown , heart and crown , etc . , together with every sign that belonged to a tory , were taken down , and the latter made a general conflagration of in king street .
in the other buildings on the site , the flaming debris from the explosion of the ammonite plant soon set the cellulose nitrate sheets on fire , causing the material to act as a huge blow - torch of blue flames , feeding an even greater conflagration .
the years 1648 - 1651.all the early documents were destroyed in the conflagration of 1873 , in which the synagogue , an old wooden building , also was burned .
in the late 1990s officials of jordan have expressed concern that any conflagration between israel and iraq or iran would impact its territory .
however , according to archaeological studies , there is no sign of a conflagration , so this part of the legend seems like a later addition , but the confrontation itself could have happened .
a local jeweller testified that though the gold in the bridgework had emerged from the fire almost undamaged , the fierce heat of the conflagration had melted the gold plating on several watches and items of gold jewelry .
the spanish had set the ships on fire as most the marines & seamen were ashore the fifth ship , the san - damaso , escaped the conflagration , and , without any resistance , was brought off by the boats of the british squadron .
knowing that he was trapped , hood evacuated atlanta on the night of september 1 , burning military supplies and installations , causing a great conflagration in the city .
confronted in battle by brawn , bruticus was caught in an explosion as ratchet self - destructed the ark , but he survived the conflagration , only to be knocked out by artillery fire from an incoming autobot shuttle .
of his many literary adaptations , works including jun'ichirō tanizaki 's " the key " ( " kagi " ) , natsume sōseki 's " the heart " ( kokoro ) and " i am a cat " ( " wagahai wa neko de aru " ) , about a mouse turned into a cat viewing the world from its unique perspective , and yukio mishima 's " conflagration " ( " enjo " ) , in which a priest burns down his temple to save it from spiritual pollution , were brought to the screen .
this , falling on a small portion of the spirits , which had escaped from the cask , produced an instant conflagration , which defied every effort to stay its progress .
much of the area burned by the port huron fire was to be swept by another deadly conflagration 10 years later .
he occasionally painted historical subjects ; one of the most important was destroyed in the conflagration in the ducal palace at venice .
when they were both caught in a conflagration on the battle field , and wheeljack was pinned beneath debris , hot shot was forced to leave him to get him help , but was prevented from returning to his friend 's side by his commander .
infelice replies that with her conflagration of extreme power , linden avery has roused the worm of the world 's end , endangering the arch of time itself and all life in the land .
" the eternal conflagration " is the fourth full length studio album by the black metal band abominator .
percussion was provided by michael moynihan , tony wakeford , douglas p. , and rose mcdowall on " conflagration " , " scorched earth " , and " sunset " .
the opposite of boring ... an ominous conflagration devouring the bland terrain of conventional realism , the kind of work that tickles your inner ear , gives you the shivers , and tricks your left brain into thinking that your right brain has staged a coup d'état . "
in order to avert the risk of a general conflagration , therefore , he urged that the time had come for concerted action of the powers for the purpose of pressing the porte to fulfil its promises .
it revealed that 25 were outside their homes , several of whom died in vehicles while attempting to escape the conflagration .
a second conflagration , in a triangle bounded by pilgrim street , butchers bank and george 's stairs took hold .
working to a plan at last , james ' firefighters had also created a large firebreak to the north of the conflagration .
during his second visit , in the summer of 1882 , kovno was partly destroyed by fire , and spektor collected in the capital a large sum for those who had been ruined by the conflagration .
the point of no return occurred for the periphery when the new vandenberg revolt of 2765 sparked a conflagration that spread over the periphery like a wildfire .
the conflagration that followed destroyed over 400 homes and 20 warehouses and left 1000 people homeless .
markandeya purna further adds he was assigned the duty as chief of guhyakas by surya and to protect mortals " amid the terrors of forests and other lonely places , of great conflagration , of enemies and robbers .
the cries of the chinese could be heard above the uproar , and the poor wretches crouched closer and closer to the stone wall , taking advantage of pits or trees and bushes already smouldering , to protect themselves from the stifling heat of the conflagration .
squadron leader ajay ahuja was a fighter pilot of the indian air force whose death under controversial circumstances in the 1999 kargil war in kashmir , was the cause of the most angry public conflagration between india and pakistan at the time .
the conflagration was not completely extinguished until the mayor and other civilians went to the union lines east of richmond on new market road ( now state route 5 ) and surrendered the city the next day .
european civil war : 1890 to 1990 ” agrees that 1945 was the end date but the second half of the 20th century was the result of the conflagration ’s aftermath .
nobody was injured in the conflagration .
still , the fires were the fifth worst conflagration in the nation 's history at the time , burning , destroying more than 484 homes and 190 other structures and causing an estimated $ 30 million in damage .
the second gas line ruptured , spilling millions of litres of gas into the conflagration .
starting as many smaller individual fires , the flames spread quickly out of control with increasing winds and drought and combined into one large conflagration , which burned for several months .
the conflagration destroyed a total of 291 buildings over about at the heart of the town .
according to the epic , when garuda first burst forth from his egg , he appeared as a raging inferno equal to the cosmic conflagration that consumes the world at the end of every age .
mwerinde is assumed to have survived the church conflagration .
that his full name is " arius didymus " we know from eusebius , who quotes two long passages of his concerning stoic views on god ; the conflagration of the universe ; and the soul .
the fireboat edward m. cotter along with the crew of engine 8 were sent to assist in the conflagration and helped save the city of port colborne .
after many trials and tribulations he ends up in rome where he mistakes the great fire of rome as the start of the new kingdom of heaven and enthusiastically helps spread the conflagration .
in his early years he wrote a number of novels , which appeared first as serials in the " israelite , " and later in book form ; these were : " the convert , " 1854 ; " the catastrophe of eger , " " the shoemaker 's family , " " resignation and fidelity , or life and romance , " and " romance , philosophy , and cabalah , or the conflagration in frankfort - on - the - main , " 1855 ; " the last struggle of the nation , " 1856 ; " the combat of the people , or hillel and herod , " 1858 ; and " the first of the maccabees . "
over 125 civilians were killed in the conflagration , and when bsf forces opened fire on people fleeing their burning homes and businesses .
during the mass conflagration , the operations officer ( lcdr a. pope gordon , jr.)was killed and 18 other sailors were injured , some of them severely while putting out the uncontrollable fire .
he was shot in the arm during the conflagration .
national fire protection week in october was started to commemorate the chicago fire , which was ironically dwarfed by the unremembered peshtigo conflagration . ' ( isbn 978 - 0805067804 ) , a recent publication by denise gess and william lutz , gives a detailed account of the event .
the fires flared up again four hours later and " weight " returned to fight the conflagration again .
most of schiff 's notes on the four ṭurim , as well as his cabalistic works and talmudic decisions , were destroyed during the conflagration at frankfort - on - the - main in 1711 .
the cathedral was severely damaged in the conflagration of 1702 , which caused extensive damage to its twin spires .
the great fire of warwick was a major conflagration that swept through the small town of warwick , england , beginning at 2:00 p.m. on 5 september 1694 and lasting for six hours .
after it burnt , keeper e.g. howard — who had managed to save the keeper 's house from the conflagration — again put up a temporary pole with a light .
the utility of a pithos for storage unfortunately was all too easily turned to the advantage of an enemy , who had only to knock over a pithos full of oil and touch a torch to it to produce a major conflagration .
the great hinckley fire was a major conflagration on september 1 , 1894 , which burned an area of centered on the town of hinckley , minnesota .
when seven years old bush was seriously burned at a conflagration , suffering all his life from the effects ; but he managed to rise above the resulting physical infirmities .
after a conflagration in 1933 fließ was restored more spacious .
without an efficient fire department , these house fires will spread to become neighborhood fires , and ultimately a city - wide conflagration .
contemporary accounts refer to children , women , and old men , their clothes in sparks or flames , trying to escape the conflagration , only to be trapped by the enraged soldiers ; if they escaped the flames and the spanish , they still had to elude the italians .
wells predicted a second world war breaking out with a european conflagration breaking out from the flashpoint of a violent clash between germans and poles at danzig .
a dormitory , study and cnging rooms were totally gutted a conflagration which took more than two hours to be put out by the school fire brigade and the whitehaven fire brigade .
to star , and ignite around each a conflagration of vitality ,
in that story , the conflagration caused by a dalek civil war was declared by the second doctor to be " the final end . "
in chapter 54 , following ragnarök and the rebirth of the world , víðarr along with his brother váli will have survived both the swelling of the sea and the fiery conflagration unleashed by surtr , completely unharmed , and shall thereafter dwell on the field iðavöllr , " where the city of asgard had previously been " .
in 1945 the location was greatly destroyed by a conflagration but could be restored true to the original .
abbahu made a notable exception with reference to the tosefta 's statement that the gilionim ( evangels ) and other books of the mineans are not to be saved from a conflagration on sabbath : " the books of those at abidan may be saved " ( shab .
he argued that the world was eternal , in particular , he rejected the stoic conflagration ( " ekpyrosis " ) because god or the world - soul would be inactive during it , whereas it exercises divine providence in the actual world .
the city was destroyed in a conflagration , and resettled in the late middle bronze age .
it was a world conquest , a universal conflagration that wiped out the demons from the earth , air and sky . "
alongside them his other novels like akangsha ( desire ) , koyekjon ( a few person ) , ognidaho ( conflagration ) , hey maton bongo ( o , mother bangla ) are well acquainted to the bangladeshi readership .
music videos for " entrance of the conflagration " , " anthem ( we are the fire)","the rising " , " to the rats " , and " becoming the dragon " were produced and released on roadrunner 's web site .
in 1871 , the conservatory moved to a new building which was destroyed only a few weeks later by the great chicago fire ; despite the conflagration , the college was again up and running by the end of the year .
an extended power struggle ensued that eventually caused the museum 's demise . entangled in the fatal conflagration was the " jazz fraternity , " which included the most prominent names in jazz - musicians , producers , writers , artists , et al .
at 5:40 a.m. , the cloud reached the flare and ignited , resulting in a vapor cloud explosion that severely damaged the tank farm and resulted in a massive conflagration fed by the lpg leaking from newly damaged tanks .
1992 " knee high susan " on " the bellingham conflagration " ( flaming cows head ) cassette
this conflagration would greatly tax the resources of the boston fire department and the greater boston mutual - aid network before being brought under control .
for two days there were over thirty miles of burning brush on the westside of santa rosa range , and thousands of sheep are supposed to have lost their lives in the conflagration .
commenting on the condition of the house , jackson added " any escape or rescue route from the burning house was blocked by a refrigerator which had been pushed against the back door , requiring any person attempting escape to run through the conflagration at the front of the house .
in 1634 , during the thirty years ' war , it was again largely destroyed by a conflagration .
since the outbreak of the destructive tripartite war , the federal government , whose act of indiscretion triggered it off in the first place , has sat on the fence , leaving the state government to bear the brunt of the resultant conflagration .
on february 19 , 1919 , at the site of the present cove island park , in the cove section of stamford , the cove mill factory of the stamford manufacturing company burned to the ground in a spectacular conflagration .
by dawn on sunday these houses were burning , and samuel pepys , observing the conflagration from the tower of london , recorded great concern for friends living on the bridge .
aware of the impending conflagration , chamberlain stopped his wife from reading on .
the most common causes of conflagration are : careless handling of fire , the nonobservance of the operating instructions of production equipment , spontaneous combustion of substances and materials , the discharges of static electricity , lightning , arson .
a powder magazine exploded , which caused a general conflagration ; to escape which the garrison rushed out , and surrendered at discretion to the auststrians : and thus , in three days , the high road from geneva to lyons was opened to the army of italy .
dr. r. albert mohler , jr. , president of the southern baptist theological seminary , asserted " the issue of mary remains one of the hottest debates on the protestant / catholic divide , and new proposals for marian doctrines are likely to ignite a theological conflagration .
contemporary accounts refer to children , women , and old men , their clothes smoldering , or in flames , trying to escape the conflagration , only to be trapped by the enraged spanish ; if they escaped the flames and the spanish , they were cornered by the enraged italians .
a. c. emerson , the hangar deck officer , prevented a serious conflagration by activating the sprinkler system and quickly extinguishing the fire .
the main landmark of the lubny district is the mharsky monastery , with a large six - pillared ukrainian baroque cathedral , built in 1684 - 92 and renovated after a conflagration in 1754 , and a neoclassical belltower , started in 1784 but not completed until 1844 .
it had , however , previously done good service at the burning of the english opera house in 1830 , at the destruction of the argyle rooms 1830 , and at the conflagration of the houses of parliament in 1834 .
the initial blast registered 3.5 on the richter scale , and the conflagration took 10 hours to bring under control .
they arrive just in time for a magical conflagration that will reveal the bones of the world and the history of the company .
of particular note was the assault upon the autobots’ base , during which they abandoned the decepticon double agent clouder to die in the conflagration , encouraging him to switch sides when the autobots saved him .
after noon , a renewal of the conflagration on the gateshead side arose as a stream of blazing sulphur made its way east along the riverbank , setting light to mr. davidson 's flour mill , which had hitherto merely been ruined by the explosion .
oobi 大火 = conflagration ; element = fire
their strategic position meant that both towns suffered badly in the second world war , and the remaining residents were strongly supported by humanitarian aid from , in particular , the swiss red cross in the years immediately following the conflagration .
at that time , " holocaust " was often used to mean the conflagration of much of humanity in a nuclear war .
after the conflagration got out of hand , the escort carrier 's commander ordered abandon ship . " james e. craig " assisted in rescue operations and , later that evening , proceeded with other escorts and tankers to mindoro .
in physics he gave up the stoic doctrine of the conflagration of the universe ; endeavoured to simplify the division of the faculties of the soul ; and doubted the reality of divination .
the oil fuelled fire that followed raged for 18 days and was recorded as the largest uk conflagration since the great fire of london .
it was these bombs , which contributed to the tokyo conflagration of 9/10 march 1945 .
the opening of a burger king location in the israeli - occupied territories lead to a breach of contract dispute between burger king and its israeli franchise ; the dispute eventually erupted into a geopolitical conflagration involving muslim and jewish groups on multiple continents over the application of and adherence to international law .
the city suffered greatly in 1905 from a conflagration .
the mysterious conflagration was confined mostly to the buildings under construction on the eastern end , with damage to the remaining kirkbride spires from catching fire due to excessive heat .
the conflagration was not completely extinguished until the mayor and other civilians went to the union lines east of richmond on new market road ( now state route 5 ) and surrendered the city the next day .
words of satyaki a commander in the side of pandavas:- i shall have to encounter the sakas endued with prowess equal to that of sakra ( indra ) himself , who are fierce as tire , and difficult to put out like a blazing conflagration ( 7:109 ) .
in april 1865 , fires set in richmond by a retreating confederate army led to a wide - spead conflagration as the flames were soon out of control .
despite the fact that prussian authorities had brought in chimney sweeps and regulations that spelled out fire emergency tasks , hardly anyone in the town was prepared for a major conflagration .
" in brief , this world - consuming war has set such a conflagration to the hearts that no word can describe it .
ruins of the merchant 's exchange n.y. after the destructive conflagration of decbr 16 & 17 , 1835 " was published by the new york sun , just four days after the fire , and was an early example of illustrated news .
moreover , the clear absence of any external support for such a coup , and the inevitable conflagration that would have engulfed the country thereafter , scuttled the plan .
despite the conquest of the old republic in 1795 the war had not ended ; the netherlands had just changed sides and now fully participated in the continuing conflagration .
in reasonably close proximity to the ill - fated ship , " wanderer " was prevented from approaching the floating conflagration by the large quantity of high explosives she carried to use against u - boats .
the conflagration lasted six days , till the whole of the dwellings were reduced to ashes or smoking ruins .
historians such as grant duff attribute their rise to fortuitous circumstances - " like a conflagration in the forests of sahyadri mountains " - while justice ranade ascribes it to genuine efforts made by maratha chiefs serving under the deccani sultans .
particular care has been taken with the visibility of access points to the reworked escape tunnel , minimizing the risk of escape routes becoming obscured by smoke in the event of a major conflagration .
in extreme cases , where the ship 's cargo is either highly combustible ( such as oil , natural gas or gasoline ) or explosive ( nitrates , fertilizers , ammunition ) a fire onboard may result in a catastrophic conflagration or explosion .
rebuilding funds were immediately tied up by the fact that virtually all the major banks had been sites of the conflagration , requiring a lengthy wait of seven - to - ten days before their fire - proof vaults could cool sufficiently to be safely opened without risk of spontaneous combustion .
according to sanford , " a single revolutionary spark may kindle a fire that , smoldering for a time , may burst into a sweeping and destructive conflagration . "
unofficially , after daewoo ’s bankruptcy , former chairman kim woo - choong ’s escape and most notably the “ affaire daewoo ” in france ( closure and conflagration of the daewoo - orion electronics plant in longwy , france ) , the “
although the philippines had no significant military involvement during world war i , the conflagration made the philippine government realize the need for a good reserve force of able - bodied filipinos trained in the art of war .
after they are both blown away by a massive conflagration when their energy beams collide , monster x transforms into a hideous monstrosity known as keizer ghidorah .
a picture representing the conflagration of the former in the year 1772 has been engraved by c. bagerts .
in 1182 a devastating conflagration destroyed the original foundation documents and imperial privileges .
the composition was supposed to premiere on 15 december 1881 in ringtheater , but because of the catastrophic conflagration in the building of ringtheater the performance was postponed .
the cylon colony is struck by a volley of nuclear warheads accidentally launched from a dead raptor , and adama orders kara thrace to jump the ship before " galactica " is destroyed in the conflagration .
additionally , there were even proposals of extending the monroe doctrine to great britain put forth to prevent a second conflagration on the european theater .
in his lifetime k.o was like the phoenix , a mythical bird that always rose rejuvenated from it ’s ashes : there was no single political conflagration from which he did not emerge straight into power or , at worst , into the corridor of power .
1798 : a conflagration destroys the town ; the area of wiener straße is especially hard hit .
his friend mcmahon roared out of a conflagration of overlapping , overspilling , competing and confusing flialing emotionsin which was as it seemed , joe was austere , robert profligate , joe was clean and tiny , robert was messy and unorganized .
this opposition to the socialist party 's primary leaders were unified in their explicit rejection of the vietnam conflagration and hostile to the conservative afl - cio bureaucracy headed by george meany .
as an additional safeguard against emergencies , fireproof rooms on the lower levels of the observation deck would provide refuge in the unlikely event of a conflagration , while the stairwell itself is also fire - safety rated .
the monument was built to commemorate the fire : for over a century and a half it bore an inscription attributing the conflagration to a " popish frenzy " .
a conflagration nearly destroyed the village in 1893 .
dynamiting houses to block the fire 's spread was considered , but this plan was rejected in view of the danger that falling debris from the blast would only spread the conflagration further .
if we rejected every attempt at mediation , the whole world would hold us responsible for the conflagration and represent us as the real war - mongers .
