the russian empire first restricted jewish residence to their pre - existing pale of settlement , and later began to further confine jewish liberties and curtail their self - government .
all vessels are unique because each of them is intended to capture the escaped soul for whom they were created and intended to confine .
he was an italian monk who worked in the apennine region of southcentral italy ( al confine coll'abruzzo e molise ) , most known for the story of the wolf ( " il lupo " ) who slayed the donkey ( u ciuccio " ) and was cursed ; forced to serve sant'amico as a " ciuccio " for the rest of his life , carrying chopped wood from the church to the monastery .
the full extent of her powers has yet to be revealed , although it is suggested that she is nearly impossible to confine , even by magical means .
it was not usual for a sultan to confine his sons in the cage , but it was done by sultans to their brothers , cousins and nephews , generally not later than when they reached puberty and left the harem ( women 's quarters ) .
that king does not confine himself to maintaining that , as sovereign , he is sole and independent master of his temporalities ; he haughtily proclaims that , in virtue of the concession made by the pope , with the assent of a general council to charlemagne and his successors , he has the right to dispose of vacant ecclesiastical benefices .
despite the entire planet being habitable , oglaroonians have managed to confine their global population to one small nut tree , in which they compose poetry , create art , and somehow fight wars .
j quick and r garran , " the annotated constitution of the australian commonwealth " ( 1901 ) , observed : " it enables the parliament to deal with the people of any alien race after they have entered the commonwealth ; to localise them within defined areas , to restrict their migration , to confine them to certain occupations , or to give them special protection and secure their return after a certain period to the country whence they came . "
a lesser education would serve to confine mexican americans to the bottom rung of the social ladder .
it is a device in which electrostatic fields confine electrons to a small region of space inside a semiconductor .
in so doing , he includes not only ideas of memory and imagination , but also perceptual processes , whereas other psychologists confine the term to the first two groups .
observing mankind 's violent nature , mahr vehl reveals that the kree have recently decided to confine humanity on earth until the entity gah lak tus can destroy them , so ending the potential threat .
gai is a melee fighter who relies on brute strength and his intellect more often than anything else , gai 's attack methods usually involve his confine vent card to cancel any weapons from the other riders while using the on his left - shoulder to conjure his metal horn gauntlet as well as summoning his contract monster metalgelas to fight alongside him and execute his final vent , carried by his contact monster as a lance , with the metal horn extended in front of him to pierce through the opponent .
coventry was used to confine royalist prisoners .
kellner did not confine himself to the diary .
zeolites confine molecules in small spaces , which causes changes in their structure and reactivity .
monsieur maillard 's system avoided all punishments and did not confine its patients .
the tbc guidelines state that in view of " the character of the listening public " those who preach on radio tonga must confine their preaching " within the limits of the mainstream christian tradition .
this ability not only allows her to see and interact with phantoms , but temporarily bind their souls to objects and give them a temporary body using a skill called " confine " .
some hermeticists , strong adherents of " the kybalion " , go no further than to state " the all must be infinite , for there is nothing else to define , confine , bound , limit or restrict the all .
they did not confine themselves to bee gees parodies , however .
trotskyism meant the idea that the russian proletariat might win the power in advance of the western proletariat , and that in that case it could not confine itself within the limits of a democratic dictatorship but would be compelled to undertake the initial socialist measures .
" samantha burton v. state of florida " , is a florida legal case that arose in march 2009 after tallahassee memorial hospital sought to confine a pregnant woman , samantha burton , for fifteen weeks to protect her fetus .
to do so , one must realize that " it is not sufficient to confine oneself exclusively to facts . "
some leagues allow players that have been eliminated to assist their team by directing thrown balls back to the players on the court , while other leagues confine eliminated players to a designated area off the court and prohibit them from participating in the game until they are allowed back on the court .
at the end of the series , jennifer kale and the black talon confine the zombie virus inside garth .
he did not , however , confine himself to any particular sect or school , nor did he give himself up to any profound speculations , his object being rather to apply the doctrines of philosophy to the purposes of practical life , and more especially to the administration of public affairs , and thus to bring about a better state of things .
the utica crib was named for the new york state lunatic asylum at utica where it was heavily used in the 19th century to confine patients who refused to stay in their beds .
rome instructed de vecchi that he was to receive the reinforcement from eritrea , but that the commander of the two battalions was to temporarily assume the military command of the operations and de vecchi was to stay in mogadishu and confine himself to other colonial matters .
controversially , in 2006 for the first time the festival was held within a fenced confine .
troops , including a cavalry with its own lieutenant commander , were garrisoned within the protective confine of the walls .
planar waveguides , fabricated by sequential depositing flat layers of transparent materials with a proper refractive index gradient on a standard wafer , confine light in one direction ( axis z ) and permit free propagation in two others ( axes x and y ) .
that the state ought to confine itself to what regards the state , or the creatures of the state , namely , the exterior establishment of its religion ; its magistracy ; its revenue ; its military force by sea and land ; the corporations that owe their existence to its fiat ; in a word , to every thing that is " truly and properly " public , to the public peace , to the public safety , to the public order , to the public prosperity .
in 1491 , constantine had to recognise his rival as independent sovereign , and to confine himself to the government of kartli .
the written evidences and coins confine our knowledge of him to the period 749-c760 .
he was now but fifty - seven , but his strenuous life had aged him , and he was content to resign the command of fleets and armies to younger men , like duke valdemar , afterwards king valdemar ii , and to confine himself to the administration of the empire which he had created .
it is a summary of all the scholastic knowledge of the age and does not confine itself to natural history .
the patent of the plaintiffs stood on narrow ground , and to sustain it , it must be construed as to confine it substantially to the form described in the specification .
her failing eyesight and health led her to confine her attention to algae and fungi .
some critics have professed " unease " at the powers of the courts to confine people found not guilty by reason of insanity in mental hospitals , arguing that discussion of mental health should be limited to the " mens rea " of the crime ; if the mental condition of the defendant voided the offence 's " mens rea " , he should be acquitted .
blackout wore a costume with circuitry that helped him confine the darkforce within his body .
in order to control them , the 17th century elite brandished moral arguments to create establishments allowing them to confine the poor .
he did not confine himself to history , switching to the study of greats and immersing himself in the study of painting and literature .
however , the strong static stability of the atmosphere over areas of extensive snow or ice tends to confine the immediate cooling effect to a relatively shallow layer , so that associated atmospheric anomalies are usually short - lived and local to regional in scale .
initially , the israeli strategy would allow the targeting of civilians during the strikes ; however , following the wave of internal and external criticism after the qibya operation in october 1953 , during which 60–70 jordanian civilians were killed , the decision was made to confine the strikes to military targets .
a battle ensued at cynoscephalae , wherein pelopidas was himself slain , but defeated alexander ; and this victory was closely followed by another of the thebans under malcites and diogiton , who obliged alexander to restore the conquered towns to the thessalians , to confine himself to pherae , to join the boeotian league , and to be a dependent ally of thebes .
this advisory board wrote what is now referred to as the leopold report , named after its chair , zoologist and conservationist a. starker leopold , which did not confine its report to wildlife , but took the broader ecological view that parks should be managed as ecosystems .
the utica crib was named after the new york state lunatic asylum at utica where it was heavily used in the 19th century to confine patients .
in the end , static restrained royce using the arms of a statue to confine him .
the walkthrough is sometimes referred to as a flythrough ; whilst the walkthrough is an important communication tool to demonstrate how the building will be seen by pedestrian users of a building , the software does not confine the viewer to this view point and permits the possibility of seeing the building from all angles .
these sources state that cia and military personnel beat up unco - operative suspects , confine them in cramped quarters , duct tape them to stretchers , and use other restraints which maintain the subject in an awkward and painful position for long periods of time .
in tawallammat and especially tayart , this kind of palatalization actually does not confine itself to " z " .
the fictional component is the theme that nigel goes back to various geological time periods through a time portal , and brings back live specimens of extinct animals back to the present day , where they are exhibited in a wildlife park named " prehistoric park " , which is a big area between high steep mountains and ocean ( which serve to help confine any escapes ) with varied environments .
in return , smith assured that the rocky mountain fur company would confine its operations to the region east of the great divide .
derry was part of the leeds team which reached the championship playoff finals , but leeds ended up on the wrong end of a 3 - 0 defeat to confine them to another season in the championship .
with all of the villagers gathered before the church , missy warns them to confine ned , which they do .
in practice , most maya long count inscriptions confine themselves to noting only the first five coefficients in this system ( a " b'ak'tun "- count ) , since this was more than adequate to express any historical or current date ( 20 " b'ak'tuns " cover 7,885 solar years ) .
at the time it was built , there was no known way to confine a particle beam to a narrow aperture , so the beam space was about four square feet in cross section .
police detective john ianachione testified that the secret service told local police to confine ' people that were there making a statement pretty much against the president and his views . ' " district justice shirley trkula threw out the charges , stating that " i believe this is america .
masucci 's first printed work consisted in a series of fantasy oriented story titled " lights hunters " published periodically by the " giornale di confine " .
buch did not confine himself merely to rulings in internal party disputes , but also had party members monitored or put under pressure if they strayed from the party line .
captain white forbade anyone to leave the confine of the station 's fenced - in area .
a stellarator is a device used to confine a hot plasma with magnetic fields in order to sustain a controlled nuclear fusion reaction .
sleepsacks are primarily used to confine a person comfortably for an extended period of time .
at a hastily arranged meeting of the joint monitoring commission in mount etjo , a game park outside otjiwarongo , it was agreed to confine the south african forces to base and return plan elements to angola .
to confine the optical signal in the core , the refractive index of the core must be greater than that of the cladding .
hatuey resorted to guerrilla tactics against the spaniards , and was able to confine them to their fort at baracoa .
as they act out their parts in a wild , gaudy pageant , they are escaping from routine existence , freed from the restraints that confine them every other day of the year .
this progressing self will remain the center of its constantly changing world ; a world that will help mold the self but not necessarily confine it .
teams take turns sending a " raider " to the opposite team 's half , where the goal is to tag or wrestle ( " confine " ) members of the opposite team before returning to the home half .
it should provide sufficient cladding to confine the core and optical pump section over a relatively short piece of the fiber .
however berkeley did not confine his theory to visual perception , but perception by any of the five senses .
moreover , at that time , it was the official policy of the japanese high command to confine the conflict to manchuria .
obscurity confine themselves to playing traditional metal instruments ( drums , guitars , bass ) .
to confine the ceramic core several advanced techniques are used , supplementing the traditional machining and welding , including sintering the suspension material around the core ; squeeze casting of molten metal around the core and spraying the molten metal onto the ceramic tile .
in addition , in the single - good setting the single - crossing condition is sufficient to provide that only a monotonic formula_35 is implementable , so the designer can confine his search to a monotonic formula_35 .
still the project does not confine itself to that , helping anyone it possibly can .
divers should confine their attention to the side of the divesite closest to the center of tumon bay rather than " away " , because the " away " side is generally populated with dead corals and crown of thorns starfish .
the united states will confine its biological research to defensive measures such as immunization and safety measures .
he planned to confine the seminoles to the big cypress swamp and the everglades , because he believed they would be unable to live there during the wet season .
fearing that philip could offer overt military assistance , rome hoped to confine the macedonians to the east of the roman province of illyria .
the magnetic field necessary to confine the plasma is generated completely by external coils .
such " moderate correction " specifically excluded beatings , only allowing the husband to confine a wife to the household .
he did not confine himself to the purchase of a single copy of a work which took his fancy . "
like many of his contemporaries , theus did not confine himself to portraiture when it came to his art .
it is still a dreadful film because it was edited by bill pecchi who did n’t know shit from beans about editing , and even less about acting ( he was the sheriff ) so all things considered , the only claim to fame for me personally is the fact that this was the film that convinced me finally to quit directing ( as i did in 1991 ) and confine my creative urges to writing books . "
he did not confine himself to nervous diseases , but took more pains than any other physician for whom i clerked to teach us physical signs and - how to examine patients of all kinds .
they are not to confine themselves to the main roads but make across the country , lie in ambush , take cover behind fences near roads , and when civilians are seen approaching shout : ' hands up ! '
on examination it will be found that they are merely fiscal difficulties , and that they arise from the fact that our general government does not confine itself to the true end and object of its existence .
however , in a november 2009 interview , keenan stated : " efforts to confine our beloved enigma to the southwestern united states have been thwarted .
despite playing a prominent part in the witwatersrand gold industry , he returned to london , partly because he did not want to confine his interests solely to financial activities , but also to cultivate his scientific and cultural tastes .
as stated above , some authorities would confine the term " ladino " to this style .
however , if one does not confine oneself to these two types of the minus cube , there are 48 minus cube variants which can be solved .
give different kinds of stat bonuses , making it advantageous to confine certain characters to certain things .
nor did he confine his views to private consumption .
paoli 's next task was to confine the genovese to their citadels .
they differ , again , in their length : for tragedy endeavours , as far as possible , to confine itself to a single revolution of the sun , or but slightly to exceed this limit ; whereas the epic action has no limits of time .
still standing at some places are remains of the stone fences that were used to confine the animal .
the athenians initially had no need to seek battle , since they had managed to confine the persians to the plain of marathon .
and confine pidgins and mixed languages into separate chapters outside this scheme whether relexification come into the picture or not .
( 1 ) a member shall confine his observations to the subject under discussion and may not introduce matter not relevant thereto .
in the test formulated in herman i endeavoured to confine the notion of persona designata to the most exceptional circumstances .
for instance , besant insisted that novelists should confine themselves to their own experience : " a young lady brought up in a quiet country village should avoid descriptions of garrison life . "
after she goes back to home , some mysterious assailants enters into her home through the back door and kill her house maid and kidnap her and confine her in the attic of their safe house .
the media will again fail to connect the simple dots , will fail to look for or detect obvious patterns , never daring to stare reality right in the face , let alone break free from the mindless narrative sandbox in which they have decided to confine themselves . "
before departing , keith issued strict instructions to nelson that he was not to return to palermo , but was to confine any shore leave in sicily to syracuse .
two closely - spaced heterojunction interfaces may be used to confine electrons to a rectangular quantum well .
model railways at this scale normally confine the scale modelling aspects to the reproduction of the locomotive and with steam locomotives the accompanying tender .
consequently , i will confine the prisoner ’s sentence to a term of imprisonment consummate with the gravity of the offence for which he has been arraigned and no more than the gravity of that offence . "
a child might wear a multicolored print and a young woman , a floral print , while an older woman would confine herself to a traditional dark blue with geometric patterns .
" the soviet device used a magnetic field to confine the secondary electrons and relied on the ag - o - cs photocathode which had been demonstrated by general electric in the 1920s .
it endorses different sexual behavior for women and men , whereby women are expected to confine sexual behavior to the context of a committed relationship and men are expected to engage in sexual behavior in all kinds of relationships .
secedit userid was also used to confine a user 's operational authority to a specific menu .
they do not confine themselves to one location or precinct .
leavitt did not confine himself to the design of firearms .
august 26 : raul gonzalez , the secretary of department of justice , was started to confine in the hospital due to his illness at the blood vessels .
the first step in processing quantum cascade gain material to make a useful light - emitting device is to confine the gain medium in an optical waveguide .
he lured the king to gowrie house , where he attempted to confine him in a corner turret while his brother distracted members of the king 's retinue .
it works by using the bishop to attack the black king and a rook and black 's own pawn to confine it .
( " this band may no one twine , that will my thoughts confine " ) .
joaz is able to confine a sacerdote and ask him questions , only to have the man apparently die .
in particular , the higher step of the index of refraction from the inner cladding to the outher one allows to focus ( and confine ) the pump in a smaller inner cladding .
only mr withit or mr wacker will ever be found on duty during dinner ; mr creak and mr rockitt always confine themselves to the staff room during this period .
eventually , he convinced secretary of war john c. spencer to allow the remaining indians in the territory to confine themselves to the region south of peace creek , and declared an official end to the war in august of that year .
if we confine our search for opium to the seaports , we fear the search will not be sufficiently thorough .
the high elves for the main part confine themselves to ulthuan , though they have colonies across the known world , and their ships are the finest that sail upon the waves .
the evidence for tree - worship is almost unmanageably large , and since comparative studies do not as yet permit a concise and conclusive synopsis of the subject , this article will confine itself to some of the more prominent characteristics .
it is notable that pilsbry did not always confine himself to the several areas of study with which he was already closely associated , but rather would sometimes stray into other fields of science , from geology and paleontology to the taxonomy of brachiopods .
i certainly agree that it is wrong to use nonhuman great apes in research or in circuses , or to confine them in zoos , or to use them for any other purpose .
in 15 , he and lucius arruntius were entrusted by tiberius to work on a plan to confine the river tiber after heavy floods , but the project was not carried out due to heavy resistance from the populace .
this is used in particle accelerators to confine and lift charged particles , and has been proposed for maglev trains also .
he also openly respects reinhard and consider him to be a true genius as reinhard 's ability do n't seem to confine in just military affairs and is able to act on what his mind tells him while yang might be reluctant to do so if given same situation .
the assemblies of the clergy did not confine their attention to temporal matters .
when the angel plays against the nice devil it concedes defeat if the devil manages to confine it to a finite bounded region of the board ( otherwise the angel could just hop back and forth between two squares and never lose ! ) .
observing mankind 's violent nature , mahr vehl reveals that the kree have recently decided to confine humanity on earth until the entity gah lak tus can destroy them , thus ending the potential threat .
by contrast , the fascist and nazi regimes of italy and germany tended to confine their coercive activities to purely political aims , without any serious attempt to force the ideological conversion of their opponents .
in the third net , the king and bishop confine the king , allowing the knight to either checkmate or assist in the checkmate .
in a climate of increasing specialisation expected of novelists by the marketplace , this was an unfashionable approach to take , with arguably a heavy commercial cost over the years as rathbone went his own way and refused to seek or accept any label or badge of identification which might increase sales but confine his activities as a writer .
also , it is important that the silicon - containing nutrient be kept away from the other ingredients to prevent nucleation and confine growth to the seed crystals .
on retiring , the french destroyed the very beautiful stone bridge then existing ; and thus rendered it necessary for the austrians to construct temporary bridges over the extremely narrow space between the rocks which confine the stream at this remarkable spot .
these facilities were intended to confine japanese americans until more permanent internment camps , such as those at manzanar and tule lake in california , could be built in isolated areas of the country .
for example , the term " concentration camp " , to describe camps used to confine civilian members of the boer community in close ( concentrated ) quarters , was used by the british during the second boer war , primarily because it sounded bland and inoffensive .
murulle community who happen to own substantial number of livestock including camels but have a smaller grazing area are of the opinion that the former ’s position is meant to confine them to a very small grazing area , which can not sustain their huge camel herds and deny them access to pasture on the western flank of the district , which is mainly inhabited by the garre .
experimental psychologists use a range of methods and do not confine themselves to a strictly experimental approach , partly because developments in the philosophy of science have had an impact on the exclusive prestige of experimentation .
the hospital was transitioned into a place to confine and care for the city 's poor beginning on 26 march 1647 .
the whole character of the " sheiltot " is palestinian ; and , as such , they are quite distinct from the contemporary synopses of yehudai gaon and simeon kayyara , which confine themselves to important decisions of the talmud , with the omission of all discussions , and with the addition of short elucidations of words .
life in the camps was often described as ' grim ' ; with its isolated location far from the roads of the time , the castle mountain camp was an ideal place to confine ' enemy aliens ' and ' suspected enemy sympathisers ' ( see : castle mountain internment camp ) .
the term describes multiple types of enclosures that may confine one or many animals .
the devil is nearly indestructible , and scoffs at the idea that he could be contained within a solomon 's cage ( which can confine the strongest demon ) .
albalag did not confine himself therein to the work of a translator , but often corrected the views of other philosophers as formulated by al - gazzali , who intended to refute them himself in his later work entitled " tahafut al - falasifa " ( " destruction of the philosophers " ) .
she as an advocate for the appointment of judicial conservatives as federal judges , stressing the need for judges and supreme court justices that are faithful to the original meaning of the constitutional text and confine themselves to the judicial role of interpreting and applying the law faithfully , not using the courts to promote personal policy preferences or advance political agendas .
fanucci demands " protection " money from neighborhood businesses , and does not confine his demands to non - italians , which is considered a sign of disrespect in the mafia .
this precise control creates the exact laminate geometric forms needed to ensure strength and safety in the aerospace industry , but it is also slow and labor intensive , meaning costs often confine it to the aerospace industry .
he particularly praised the songs " stench of paradise burning , " " beyond the flesh , " " soul erosion , " " deadspawn , " and " confine of shadows . "
1947 - the world governing sport of cycling , the union cycliste internationale ( uci ) , decrees that the nca confine its area of jurisdiction to the 26 counties of the republic of ireland .
in 2005 the previous labour - liberal democrat coalition government had stated that " the proposals for an identity card scheme confine themselves to reserved policy areas only " , and that id cards will not be needed to access devolved services in scotland , eg .
the metal portions of the apparatus are conducting , and confine a current due to electronic motion to within the metal boundaries .
during world war i the casern was used to confine russian , french and british officers .
it is essential to the theory that no direct similarity ( to confine the explanation to the visual field ) is claimed between what appears within the field and any external entity or property that might be detected by the sense - organs , that is , for instance , no red in the brain matches a red light - ray or an red external object .
the inner frame member is disposed to confine the led display module therein , and has a size sufficient to permit movement of the led display module in opposite directions of the longitudinal axis .
we employ a brief , encounter and debrief strategy for assimilating theory ; accomplishing transformation rather than confine learning to the sterile classroom .
rejection of the soul as separate from the body led the cārvākas to confine their thinking to this world only .
this self - driven internal plasma current would significantly reduce the power requirements of externally driven plasma currents required to heat and confine the plasma .
in 1903 she published " elias portolu " that confirmed her as a writer and started her work as a successful writer of novels and theatrical works : " cenere " ( 1904 ) , " l'edera " ( 1908 ) , " sino al confine " ( 1911 ) , " colombo e sparvieri " ( 1912 ) , " canne al vento " ( 1913 ) , " l'incendio nell'oliveto " ( 1918 ) , " il dio dei venti " ( 1922 ) .
electromagnetic waves can be injected and steered to manipulate the paths of plasma particles and then to produce the large electrical currents necessary to produce the magnetic fields to confine the plasma .
the fundamental principle of his philosophy was that truth must be sought not in metaphysical or " a priori " abstractions but in psychological investigation , and further that this investigation can not confine itself successfully to the individual consciousness , but must be devoted primarily to society as a whole .
the covering will confine the snails and keep out birds and other predators .
the united states supreme court ruled ( in united states v. carlo bianchi & co. ) that congress thereby intended that , in a breach of contract suit that challenges the evidentiary basis for the administrative decision , a court may not make a " de novo " determination of the facts , but must confine its review to the administrative record .
to confine the optical signal in the core , the refractive index of the core must be greater than that of the cladding .
the difference described by foucault between the sane and the insane does have observable and very real effects on millions of people daily and can be characterized in terms of those effects , but it can also serve to illustrate a particular effect of the indeterminacy of definition : i.e. , that insofar as the general public tends not to characterize or define insanity in very precise terms , it tends , according to foucault , unnecessarily and arbitrarily to confine some of its members on an irrational basis .
the government exercises a strong degree of control over agriculture , not only to ensure the best use of irrigation water but also to confine the planting of cotton in favor of food grains .
captain christopher beiring , commander of the 377th military police company directed their troops , at the bagram collection point , to confine their captives with their arms handcuffed above their heads in order to deprive them of sleep .
a variation of the belt press uses hydraulic pressure , rather than steel belts , to confine the internal pressure .
the captain points out to spock , " we have another problem " with yet another abducted ( accidental this time ) native to deal with ; they decide to confine him to the transporter room to limit his exposure .
thanks to a sweeping result called the revelation principle , no matter the mechanism a designer can confine attention to equilibria in which agents truthfully report type .
hierax tried to defeat king attalus i of pergamum ( 241–197 bc ) , but instead , the hellenised cities united under his banner , and his armies inflicted several severe defeats upon them , about 232 forcing them to settle permanently and to confine themselves to the region to which they had already given their name .
his treatment was to confine anna to a chair in a room surrounded by mirrors , believing this would cure her schizophrenia by forcing her to confront her own reflection as he did not believe in demonic possession .
it also gave powers to the police to confine aborigines to reserves to " protect them from corruption " .
many diseases can confine a patient to bed , necessitating the use of bedpans , including alzheimer 's disease , parkinson 's disease , apoplexia cerebri and dementia .
unlike on earth , however , where the oceans confine the itcz to the tropics , on titan , the zone wanders from one pole to the other , taking methane rainclouds with it .
in practical technical terms , the bandwidth broker architecture makes it possible to keep state on an administrative domain basis , rather than at every router in the same way as the diffserv architecture makes it possible to confine per flow state to just the leaf routers .
it grew out of the church service society ( founded 1865 ) , but the scottish church society does not confine itself to interest in liturgies or form .
the goal of the institute —to conduct research into the economic and political problems of india and train research workers in these subjects— has been reconceptualised over years so as to confine the activities of the institute to teaching and research in economics alone , leaving aside the political problems of india .
through heavy cost , the inhabitants of the world of i - praseru ( happy island ) were able to temporarily confine ihadulca in a dimension known as evil zone .
the pre-1994 apartheid system of bantustans denied xhosas south african citizenship and attempted to confine them to the nominally self - governing " homelands " of transkei and ciskei , now both a part of the eastern cape province where most xhosa remain .
eijkman did not confine himself to the university .
he did not , however , confine himself to economic history .
the united states will confine its biological research to defensive measures such as immunization and safety measures .
in , a group of dedicated mortar spammers can confine an entire team within an enclosed area ( such as their own base ) indefinitely .
after failing to defeat wellington in the battle of the nive , soult tried to confine the anglo - allied army in the extreme southwest corner of france .
because the device does not require any externally - produced magnetic fields to confine the electron beam used to generate the microwaves , it can be constructed to be smaller and lighter than other high - power microwave sources .
originally , tartarus was used only to confine dangers to the gods of olympus .
section 5150 is a section of the california welfare and institutions code ( specifically , the lanterman - petris - short act or " lps " ) which allows a qualified officer or clinician to involuntarily confine a person deemed to have a mental disorder that makes them a danger to him or her self , and/or others and/or gravely disabled .
the federal government , states , counties , and many individual cities have facilities to confine people .
although the english court has a residual discretion over such matters , and could elect to refrain from giving assistance where the foreign proceedings are considered to violate principles of fairness and due process that are here regarded as fundamental[6 ] , there is no predisposition on the part of the english courts to confine themselves to assisting foreign representatives from certain , favoured countries only the potential scope of assistance is genuinely worldwide[7 ] .
he essay about the issue , entitled " the border of the others " ( " il confine degli altri " ) became a best - seller in italy in 2008 .
some of these algal mats are associated with the stromatolites while most confine themselves to a particular area such as the high foreshore areas , splash zone or the central basin of the lake .
indian government is also stamping special stamps on the kashmiris passport to confine them .
it states that it is " dedicated to bringing the scientific based practice of chiropractic into mainstream medicine " and that its members " confine their scope of practice to scientific parameters and seek to make legitimate the utilization of professional manipulative procedures in mainstream health care delivery . " " while the nacm is focused on furthering the profession , its primary focus is on the rights and safety of the consumers . "
a cage is an enclosure made of mesh , bars or wires , used to confine , contain or protect something or someone .
it can be isolated from " pachypodanthium confine " , from chinese herb " agastache folium " and from leaves of " agastache rugosa " ( korean mint ) .
however , stross did not confine himself to medical issues .
robbed of hope and severely disillusioned , she asked father dámaso to confine her into a nunnery .
susan avery ( 2005 ) states that according to the aberdeen group purchasing card benchmark report , best practice purchasing card programs “ do not confine ” purchasing to the traditional spending of low - dollar , high - transaction goods and services .
one of the bishops confine the black king 's movement by operating at a distance , while the knight and bishop operate within close range .
the siamese then endeavored to confine the french troops in the bangkok fortress , by building redoubts .
indeed , malkine lived surrealism , allowing his fate to be tossed where the wind would blow it , eschewing all attachments to fame , money , career , and other like things that seek to confine , define , and , in the end , confuse the real issues .
however , while the building was still under construction , the decision was made to confine all captives to their cells , except when they were taken to shower , taken for solitary exercise , or for official business .
some structures , such as nonradiative dielectric waveguide [ nrd ] and the goubau line , use both metal walls and dielectric surfaces to confine the wave .
pu tong seal , due to his constant engagement in battles , happened to capture and confine a burman monk , against his will .
fundamentally , the notion of flexible response was to " increase the ability to confine the response to non - nuclear weapons " .
his recorded music is informed by his microtonal theories and compositions which use 72 equal temperament , the equal division of the octave in 72 parts , although he does n't confine himself to that temperament in performance : " we do n't use theories when we play .
magnetic fields that confine it .
groups of pens that are part of a larger complex may be called a " stockyard , " where a series of pens hold a large number of animals , or a " feedlot , " which is type of stockyard used to confine animals that are being fattened .
the sirians , canopus 's ally , confine their activities largely to genetic experiments on the southern continents during rohanda 's prehistory ( see lessing 's , " the sirian experiments " ) , while the shammat of puttiora remain dormant , waiting for opportunities to spread their evil .
these synthetic molecular motors currently suffer many limitations that confine their use to the research laboratory .
the nca wished for a united ireland and refused to recognise northern ireland or to confine their jurisdiction to the republic of ireland .
in the 1886 session held at calcutta , under the presidency of dadabhai naoroji , he proposed the formation of standing committees of the congress in each province for the better co - ordination of its work and it was on this occasion that he advocated that the congress should confine its activities to political matters only , leaving the question of social reforms to other organisations .
during the fourth day of the loya jirga of 2003 a proposal made by president karzai to confine debate to a draft constitution that would give the president sweeping powers was met with protests and interruptions from delegates , mainly supporters of the northern alliance .
the united states supreme court ruled that states could not confine citizens to an institution ( or similar ) without treatment if they were non - dangerous and capable of living by themselves , or with the aid of responsible family or friends .
however , the therapeutic effect of hypothermia does not confine itself to metabolism and membrane stability .
troops including a cavalry with its own lieutenant commander were garrisoned within the protective confine of the walls .
loughlin argues that the aim of legal - liberalism is to " confine politics to the straight - jacket of law " .
professional companies such as genelec , klein and hummel , quested , pmc , and m & k sell almost exclusively to the professional monitor market , while most of the consumer audio manufacturers confine themselves to supplying speakers for the home .
this game was an offshoot from the normal variety of pac - man games , in that it does not confine pac - man to a maze - like board .
these expeditions led the already weakened pandyas to confine around the small region of tirunelveli .
recent trends in professional wrestling have also led to matches that are centered around one or several foreign objects : a " table match " is a type of elimination match in which the first person to send their opponent through ( ie . break ) a table is the winner , while in " ambulance matches " , " casket matches " , and other similar matches , wrestlers attempt to confine opponents in the container bearing the name of the match .
experiments directed toward developing fusion power are invariably done with dedicated machines which can be classified according to the principles they use to confine the plasma fuel and keep it hot .
a magnetic field and laser beams cool and confine the atoms .
males generally stay within a core area all year , whereas females only confine themselves to a core area during the cold , wet season , then expand their range throughout the community range during the hot , rainy season .
a magnetic core is a piece of magnetic material with a high permeability used to confine and guide magnetic fields in electrical and electromechanical devices such as electromagnets , transformers , electric motors , and inductors .
it would be difficult , though , to confine and limit gazbia in any traditional school , although her vivid and bold brushstrokes share features with neo - expressionism : a school of individuality and personality .
heliotron : a stellarator configuration in which a helical coil is used to confine the plasma , together with a pair of pf coils to provide a vertical field .
pastors were allowed to confine themselves to the genuine christian part of christianity , the belief in the salvation through the sacrifice of jesus , who allegedly died for the sins of the believers - and sins were there in ever - growing number .
with his career as a concert pianist already well underway , rosina vowed that she would give up her own ambitions to be a concert artist and confine her activities to teaching and performing on two pianos with her husband - a vow she kept until well after her husband 's death in 1944 .
david brundage explains " pure and simple unionism " as " the view that the labor movement should confine itself to fighting over wages and working conditions and avoid entanglements with those seeking more fundamental social change . "
instead of the conventional magnetic field , this improved version of the minovsky - ionesco reactor used an i - field to confine and compress the reactor fuel , triggering a fusion reaction .
but in certain applications like antihydrogen production it is important to confine two species of charged particles of widely varying masses .
stream channel is the physical confine of a stream ( river ) consisting of a bed and stream banks .
sugden did not confine his work to the college .
he removed the bar and used it to break through the ceiling into the " red room " above the " castle " , a room which had last been used some seven years before to confine aristocratic jacobite prisoners after the battle of preston .
central to this theory was the belief that the democratic process was sufficient to confine the legislative power .
the dorians , however , did not confine themselves within these narrow limits , but occupied other places along mount oeta .
we further censure dr. grindle for the irregular method of operating his business , relative to taking in women to confine , and also the method of adopting children so delivered .
in physical geography , a channel is the physical confine of a river , slough or ocean strait consisting of a bed and banks .
in late 1923 , the fai was admitted to fifa on condition that it confine its operation to the irish free state .
the lake was completed in 1999 , using inflatable rubber barriers in the riverbed to confine water within its boundaries .
no man whose amateur status is a matter of question or whose play has been unsportsmanly is eligible to this national team , which , in keeping with its honorary nature , i endeavor to confine to sportsmen . "
the masses of the moons need to be at least three times the mass of the ring to confine it effectively .
tacitus claimed that the 1st century tribes of germany did not " confine the gods within walls ... but that they worshipped outdoors in sacred woods and groves " , and similarly there is evidence from later continental europe , anglo - saxon england and scandinavia that the pagans worshipped out of doors at " trees , groves , wells , stones , fences and cairns " .
these layers have a lower refractive index than the centre layers , and hence confine the light effectively .
the majority of humans fled rather than fight jenova ; however , a small group of cetra survivors managed to defeat and confine jenova .
the objective of this policy was to confine the conflict to northern ireland .
these fields confine the plasma and transport it into the narrow necks of the coronal funnels , which are located only 20,000 kilometers above the photosphere .
the planar waveduide may confine multi - mode pump and
