every hutu should know that our hutu daughters are more suitable and conscientious in their role as woman , wife and mother of the family .
brown was a conscientious objector during the war ( and had been a vegetarian since his youth after looking into the eyes of a chipmunk he had wounded with a shotgun ) .
with the motto " be conscientious and hardworking ! pursue truth and excellence！ " ,
isherwood became a naturalized citizen of the united states in 1946 ; he immediately became liable for military service , but having already done volunteer work in 1941 - 42 , at a quaker hostel for european refugees in pennsylvania , he had no difficulty establishing himself as a conscientious objector .
the court also said that the refusal to serve in the territories is selective refusal and not conscientious objection .
he became professor of experimental physics at vienna in 1920 and was known as a conscientious researcher and effective lecturer though single - minded to the point of absurdity .
conscientious objector support group .
environmentally the potential combined effect of banks switching to more environmentally friendly practices ( i.e. less paper use , less electrical use , solar power , energy efficient light bulbs , more conscientious employee travel policies with concern to commuting and air travel ) is huge .
however , ying bang is not a conscientious worker and even commits corporate espionage .
perhaps one of mcc 's more controversial activities is in advocating military exemption or alternative service for conscientious objectors in times of war .
in 1921 she married clifford allen , a leading member of the independent labour party who had been imprisoned as a conscientious objector in world war i. marjory allen worked as a landscape architect throughout the 1920s and 1930s and was elected the first fellow of the institute of landscape architects in 1930 .
when war came in 1941 , the vast majority of methodists strongly supported the national war effort , but there were also a few ( 673 ) conscientious objectors .
on the introduction of conscription in 1916 , he benefitted from the blanket recognition of fau members as conscientious objectors .
she joined the peace movement and gave refuge to conscientious objectors .
by all accounts , lángara was a highly skilled , brave and scientific and conscientious officer , dedicated to his duty .
mary jack is in the foster home of a conscientious but clueless episcopal priest , father matt , and his selfish troubled wife jill .
in the second world war he was initially recognised as a conscientious objector , but voluntarily renounced his exemption to join the army .
he was elected member of parliament for caerphilly at a by - election in 1939 following the death of labour mp and fellow conscientious objector morgan jones .
as a pacifist during world war i , silverman was a conscientious objector to military service , and served three prison sentences , in preston , wormwood scrubs and belfast prisons .
during world war ii he was a conscientious objector , and worked on the land in the yorkshire dales .
for many years , the secretary of apf in australia was a priest from melbourne , the very reverend david thawley , a second world war conscientious objector who was proactive in promoting the organisation and working on various committees within the church and alongside secular anti - war organisations .
he was declared a conscientious objector during the vietnam war .
a committed christian also , he declared himself a conscientious objector , and was required to appear before a tribunal which , recognising the firmness of his beliefs , registered him unconditionally .
amnesty international organises campaigns to protect those arrested and or incarcerated as a prisoner of conscience because of their conscientious beliefs , particularly concerning intellectual , political and artistic freedom of expression and association .
the film 's director and screenwriter koji shiraishi responded that he was " delighted and flattered by this most expected reaction from the faraway country , since the film is an honest conscientious work , made sure to upset the so - called moralists . "
there were reports of religious prisoners or detainees in the country , including baptist pastor zaur bazaev , who remained in ganja prison at the end of the reporting period ; hamid sabanov , another baptist from aliabad who was briefly detained for questioning in june ; and jehovah 's witness and conscientious objector areg hovhanesyan , who remained detained in the occupied region of nagorno - karabakh .
in the process of elaborating what he calls a meta - transpersonal psychology , capriles has carried out conscientious refutations of wilber , grof and washburn , which according to ( 2006 , p. ii ) will have important repercusions on the future of transpersonal psychology .
prior to grimm 's time , philology was nothing but a more or less laborious and conscientious dilettanteism , with occasional flashes of scientific inspiration .
her thesis was on the " role of conscientious objectors in u.s. prisons , 1914 - 1957 . "
there was , at first , no alternative service for conscientious objectors .
ernst and hendrik are conscientious seventeenth - century merchants who , through hard work , gain position .
during world war ii he was a conscientious objector .
by the late 1980s , the vast majority of conscientious objectors were people who wished to emigrate .
according to his obituary in the " grenfell record " , he declined to sign the party ’s pledge in the 1894 election — i.e. to accept caucus decisions — ‘ for conscientious reasons’ , ‘ even though he favoured nearly every plank in their platform’. john christian watson , later to become australia ’s first labor prime minister , replaced gough as labour ’s mla representative for young .
an independent outgrowth of the american union against militarism , the bureau opposed american intervention in world war i. the nclb provided legal advice and aid for conscientious objectors and those being prosecuted under the espionage act of 1917 or the sedition act of 1918 .
joseph noel says that george sterling called jack london 's portion of the book , " a spiritual misprint , a typographical error half a volume long " and says " his vocabulary , in the letters of herbert wace , sounds as if taken that day from an encyclopedia by a conscientious sophomore . "
in 1916 he returned to the war office as assistant adjutant - general , mainly dealing with conscientious objectors , and later the same year was appointed director of personal services , in charge of army discipline .
local or scwra officials often raised particular obstacles to baptists , jehovah 's witnesses , and members of assemblies of god who attempted to register , worship , or perform alternative civilian service as conscientious objectors .
the function of the nsbro was to serve as the liaison between the churches and other groups having conscientious objectors to military service among their members .
bummer was portrayed as the gentleman , down on his luck , yet still faithful and conscientious , while lazarus , the mongrel , was cast in the role of the sly and self - serving fairweather friend .
he was a conscientious objector in the second world war .
the christadelphian position on conscientious objection came to the fore with the introduction of conscription during the first world war .
dartmoor prison was reopened in 1851 as a civilian prison , but was closed again in 1917 to be converted into a home office work centre for certain conscientious objectors granted release from prison ; cells were unlocked , inmates wore their own clothes , and could visit the village in their off - duty time .
this vast and conscientious publication is a valuable store of material for the early periods of the first french revolution .
walter brown , a tough and conscientious detective , is assigned to safeguard a slain gangster 's widow until she can testify before a los angeles grand jury .
as a historian he is laborious , accurate and conscientious , though his position did not allow him to tell the whole truth about his hero , prince henry .
he shows himself therein not only a close observer , but a conscientious and unprejudiced chronicler .
australian government cabinet documents released by australian national archives in 2001 show that in 1970 the conservative government was initially concerned about the growth of conscientious objection and outright opposition to the national service act .
the jpf produces literature about peacemaking , nonviolent activism , and registering as a conscientious objector .
refused recognition as a conscientious objector in the first world war , he was in preston prison ( along with sydney silverman ) , and then went to princetown work centre in the erstwhile dartmoor prison .
the volunteers , all conscientious objectors and many members of the seventh - day adventist church , consented to the research before participating .
in march 2004 the uia announced the formation of a committee that would " carry out development of recommendations on conscientious use of the internet and methods of internet offences prosecution on the basis of current ukrainian law . "
usually , a conscientious objector will be released from the military within a few hours of making the claim .
in january 2006 , the european court of human rights ( echr ) found turkey had violated article 3 of the european convention on human rights ( prohibition of degrading treatment ) in a case dealing the conscientious objection of osman murat ulke .
during world war ii , keys studied starvation and sustenance diets using 32 conscientious objectors from civilian public service as test subjects in the minnesota starvation experiment , and eventually producing his two - volume " biology of human starvation " ( 1950 ) .
the editor refused to settle disputes , but was very conscientious in supplying the best information available to him .
during this period , conscientious objectors ( cos ) were assigned to alternative positions , in which there were manpower shortages .
during the second world war he was a conscientious objector , working at the meteorological office in northern ireland and gibraltar .
this clause was a distinct departure from the world war i era when many conscientious objectors were jailed .
portuguese who were both not roman catholics and were conscientious objectors had the right to apply for alternative military service .
4,500 objectors were sent to work on farms which was deemed ' work of national importance ' , 7,000 were ordered non - combatant duties as stretcher bearers , but 6,000 were forced into the army , and when they refused orders , they were sent to prison . 843 conscientious objectors who spent more than two years in prison ; ten died while there , seventeen were initially given the death penalty ( but received life imprisonment ) and 142 were imprisoned on life sentences .
never consulted on political questions , he confined himself to his military duties and fulfilled them in a conscientious and unobtrusive manner .
this doctor helps leon desert the us marine corps and defect to sweden , where he receives political asylum as a conscientious objector to the vietnam war .
some guests to the inauguration may have conscientious objections to attending a ceremony including certain faiths ( eg , traditionalist catholics attending blessings given by protestant churchmen and women , members of the orange order attended blessings given by catholic clergy , etc . )
15.01 where a teacher sends a written notice to the board of school trustees or official trustee by whom he is employed that he has conscientious objections to conducting the .
draftees who do not state that they are conscientious objectors and do not request service in the civil protection are by default drafted into military service ( " wehrdienst " ) in the bundeswehr ( german federal defense forces ) .
p. ’s design could be distinguished as precise , conscientious , highly thought off and well - grounded .
alternative service is a form of national service performed in lieu of conscription for various reasons , such as conscientious objection , inadequate health , or political reasons .
his decision to fight in the war caused a rift between him and his older brother tom attlee , who as a pacifist and a conscientious objector spent much of the war in prison .
instead of resigning , he sought non - combat status as a conscientious objector .
war resisters have been referred to using various related terms : " deserter " , " conscientious objector " , or " refugee " .
he was a special hearing office for conscientious objectors , u.s. department of justice from 1967 to 1968 .
the reasons for conscientious objection included political , ethical and religious reasons .
gillen says that he can be commended for his conscientious adherence to his principles , but appears to have been “ narrow minded , censorious , self important and almost totally humourless ” .
the general reception for the french critics of " judex " was fairly positive , with most critics applauded the homage to the original silent film serial while noting the problems that arose when with the over - conscientious approach to style and atmosphere .
he sees all of these as efforts to make oneself pleasing to god in ways other than conscientious adherence to the principle of moral rightness in the choice of one 's actions .
conscientious individuals are generally hard working and reliable .
it was in the forefront of the movement against conscription and supported conscientious objectors ; and it welcomed the russian revolutions of february and october 1917 .
kind - hearted and good conscientious rajaraman aka vasool raja ( kamal haasan ) , a small time don , does ' vasool ( collection ) business ' with his right hand man vaddi ( prabhu ganesan ) , making a living by collecting money from people who refuse or dilly - dally in paying their debts to others .
the government 's policy toward conscientious objection is in transition , as part of armenia 's accession to the council of europe .
the american civil war provided an impetus to define church boundaries , as in 1865 it was necessary to register for conscientious objection .
his work was conscientious and comprehensive .
despite turkey ’s geostrategic position , the assembly demands that turkey recognises the right to conscientious objection and introduce an alternative civilian service " ” .
a conscientious objector to the second world war , he left his cambridge studies prematurely to drive an ambulance during the blitz of london .
through trainings in cooperation with the central committee for conscientious objectors ( ccco ) , the network expanded and included counselors in berlin , frankfurt , mutlangen , heilbronn , tübingen , and hunsrück .
the conscientious work of the mission priests and sisters during the ensuing epidemic earned lowder the love of his parishioners .
paredes then applied for discharge as a conscientious objector on january 4 , 2005 but was denied by the navy in july of that year .
borg was musical , humorous and conscientious , but ended up becoming an actress instead of a pop star .
in 1916 , at the height of world war i , he was imprisoned at wormwood scrubs as a conscientious objector and a pacifist .
as a conscientious objector to military service , he worked in a hospital in the early 1950s , which stimulated his interest in medical physics .
britten and pears returned to england in 1942 , and both applied for recognition as conscientious objectors ; britten was initially refused recognition , but gained it on appeal .
he had served in world war one as a conscientious - objecting stretcher bearer , winning the military medal before becoming a tailor at the army & navy stores .
he continued with other political activities , such as working with andré breton , albert camus , jean cocteau , jean giono , lanza del vasto and father robert treno in agitating for the rights of conscientious objectors .
he dropped out of ohio wesleyan university and received conscientious objector status during the vietnam war .
during the second world war his quaker beliefs meant that he was a conscientious objector ; in 1944 he became assistant keeper of archaeology at the ashmolean museum .
the book , couched as a report to manuel of portugal , and perhaps fulfilling a commission undertaken before he left lisbon , is regarded as one of the most conscientious first - hand resources for the study of the geography and trade of the indies at this time , including one of the most important resources for the study of contemporaneous islam in indonesia .
he was himself a conscientious objector in world war ii , serving with the friends ambulance unit in london , north africa and greece , where he was taken prisoner of war , to be held in germany .
in 1992 whilst he did his alternative national service as a conscientious objector he took part in a un internship programme .
according to houbraken he was rather introverted and very methodical and conscientious , spending months on his works and striving for perfection .
the conscientious modelling and strong tonal contrasts of his earlier work are here replaced by a restraint and subtlety which would culminate in his late masterpiece , " las meninas " .
after securing a conscientious objector status , he volunteered for service in a non - fighting position , where he then served in the european theatre .
bringing eight cases on the issue to the supreme court in the 1940s and ' 50s , jehovah 's witnesses helped define the parameters of conscientious objector status .
lieutenant - colonel wilds , who succeeded in the command , took faithful , conscientious charge of his troops , till he gave up his life in the cause of his country .
his cool courage and conscientious devotion to duty were in keeping with the highest traditions of the united states naval service .
as a quaker , he was granted conscientious objector status in world war ii .
in germany the small christadelphian community went underground from 1940–1945 , and a leading brother , albert merz , was imprisoned as a conscientious objector and later executed .
thoroughly alive to his grave responsibility as a publisher , he devoted extraordinary care to the training of capable and conscientious assistants .
he wrote several books , among them his passionate defense of world war i conscientious objectors , " is conscience a crime ? " , and his statement of the 1960s social democratic consensus , " socialism re - examined " .
conscientious objectors from canadian congregations were serving in alternative service projects , primarily in western canada and then later closer to home on farms and in industry .
berlin later renounced his position as a conscientious objector after observing some distressing naval bombing in the channel and joined the d - day landings , but his experiences led to a breakdown after his return , culminating in a divorce soon after .
in the first world war he was imprisoned as a conscientious objector .
robert long was a conscientious and brave officer , whose reputation suffered as a result of certain character flaws .
also in the occupied region of nagorno - karabakh , jehovah 's witness and conscientious objector areg hovhanesyan remained in jail after being sentenced in 2005 to 4 years in prison for evading military service , a sentence he did not appeal .
the pacifist stance of the wobblies led to mass arrests at the seattle office where louise olivereau , a typist , was mailing mimeographed circulars to draftees , urging them to consider becoming conscientious objectors .
my reason tells me that honest & conscientious doubts can not be a sin , but i feel it would be a painful void between us .
he was not merely a conscientious scholar ; the analysis of the documents , mostly unpublished , on french diplomacy during the first years of the revolution , which he published in the " revue historique " ( vol .
the representative leadership of the new sanhedrin has recently issued a statement against the permissibility of conscientious objection to participation to the war in lebanon with mixed reactions from the national religious camp .
according to amnesty international , there were 758 conscientious objectors ( mostly jehovah ’s witnesses ) detained for refusing to perform their military service as of june 2004 .
as the vietnam era ended and conscientious objectors were released , the group 's mission expanded to embrace all federal and military prisoners in need of support and visitation .
" witmer v. united states " , 348 u.s. 375 ( 1955 ) , was a case in which the supreme court of the united states held a draft board 's rejection of jehovah 's witness claim of conscientious objector status as lacking sincerity .
deportation of hinzman and his family ... " " he [ also ] urged the government to support a motion passed earlier this year by all parties , except the conservatives , to let [ all eligible ] conscientious objectors take up permanent residence . "
although called up by a draft board for military service , he was granted conscientious objector status and performed alternative service at a hospital in boston .
the king was painstaking and conscientious ; he would elicit comments and suggestions from a range of experts and study them assiduously , noting the good points in each submission , but when various options were available he would seldom be able to select one and abandon others .
siadaty & taghiyareh ( 2007 ) report that training based on conscientious achievement increases performance but that training based on sensation seeking does not .
first , a staff person from the central committee for conscientious objectors ( ccco ) was arrested for leafleting at the ncss conference ; and secondly , the governing body of ncss rejected a resolution condemning california proposition 187 and calling for a boycott of california as a site for future meetings of the ncss .
as a conscientious objector he served in the non - combatant corps in world war two .
the anl made an unusually conscientious effort , for the negro leagues , to compile statistics for the league 's players .
the positive version of this character is the conscientious , inner directed obsessive .
the korean government ’s national action plan for the promotion and protection of human rights ( nap ) has not shown a clear stance on the pressing human rights issues such as the national security act , the death penalty and the rights of conscientious objectors to military service .
after initially registering as a conscientious objector , he was pressurised by his family into completing two years military service starting in january 1947 .
although felix powell was an enthusiastic staff sergeant in the british army , george powell was a pacifist , and became a conscientious objector when conscription was imposed in 1916
conscientious objection .
according to the sss , after a person is drafted , he can claim conscientious objector status and then justify it before the local board .
the green party politician bob brown ( who was arrested by the tasmanian state police for a conscientious act of civil disobedience during the franklin dam protest ) expresses " world conscience " in these terms : " the universe , through us , is evolving towards experiencing , understanding and making choices about its future ' ; one example of policy outcomes from such thinking being a global tax ( see tobin tax ) to alleviate global poverty and protect the biosphere , amounting to 1/10th of 1% placed on the worldwide speculative currency market .
cobell is a pacifist and is currently chair of the right to refuse to kill ( rkk ) group for recognition of conscientious objectors .
during the second world war he was a conscientious objector , basing his case on arguments by plato .
testing by conscientious objection tribunals resumed , this time chaired by a judge , but was much less harsh ; if you were not a member of the quakers or some similar pacifist church , it was generally enough to say that you objected to " warfare as a means of settling international disputes , " a phrase from the kellogg - briand pact of 1928 .
conscientious objectors who were deemed not to have made any useful contribution were disenfranchised for five years after the war .
the organization began as a merger of several faith - based experiments that were using art to reach disenfranchised neighborhood youth while also providing artists who were conscientious objectors with an alternative to serving in the vietnam war .
mailings are also sent to young conscientious objectors facing prison and to czechoslovakia , denmark , england , finland , hungary , india , italy , switzerland , turkey there are fellows for whom spanish is the first language in chile , colómbia , mexico , paraguay , peru , uruguay and venezuela .
conscientious objectors .
2 . conscientious labor for the good of society : he who does not work , neither
perhaps the lowly nature of this post was an expression of prejudice against conscientious objectors .
his biographer , john wallis , who had been under his tuition at cambridge , says he was " a pious and learned man , an hard student , a sound divine , a good textuary , very well skilled in the oriental languages , very well accomplished for the work of the ministry , and very conscientious in the discharge of it " .
the result was that numbers and votes prevailed , so that he , and three conscientious brethren of the church who held the same principles with himself , were formally deposed in 1806 .
on the restoration of the rump parliament sydenham became a member of the committee of safety on 7 may 1659 and of the council of state just over a week later on 16 may , though he had conscientious scruples against taking the oath required from members of the latter .
non - conscientious drivers can often be seen driving through his fields .
nuremberg principle iv is legally supported by the jurisprudence found in certain articles in the universal declaration of human rights which deal indirectly with conscientious objection .
on the other hand , it is out of the question in the case of so conscientious an observer and writer as upton sinclair that he is carrying on a conscious deception of the reading world ; his good faith and dependability are not to be doubted .
bright and brave , coppers do not come more caring or conscientious than polly page .
“ america has unsheathed its fangs and its despicable intentions , and the conscientious iraqi people can not remain silent at all .
during the second world war he was a conscientious objector , and worked in farming for a while .
his quaker education strongly influenced his pacifist opposition to world war i , and in 1918 he was arrested as a conscientious objector , serving a sentence of more than a year in wormwood scrubs and winchester prisons .
after three years he realised the stage was not a very conscientious way of life for him and , having saved enough to begin studies , he entered exeter college , oxford .
as the conscription laws in the united states allowed for conscientious objection only on the grounds of opposition to all war , he was convicted of avoiding the draft .
scholars who have conducted research in declassified archives have reported " the politburo and regional party committees insisted that immediate and decisive action be taken in response to the famine such that ' conscientious farmers ' not suffer , while district party committees were instructed to supply every child with milk and decreed that those who failed to mobilize resources to feed the hungry or denied hospitalization to famine victims be prosecuted . "
his opposition to conscription , and support for conscientious objectors , brough him into conflict with his liberal party colleagues , and in 1919 he joined the labour party , but returned to the liberal fold after the 1926 general strike .
cooper , although ill - educated , was a clever and conscientious artist ; his coloring was somewhat flat and dead , but he was a master of equine portraiture and anatomy , and had some antiquarian knowledge .
the rev. david yates ( rector 1945 - 1959 ) insisted that a christian community was obligated to pray for the enemy and respect the rights of conscientious objectors , however difficult , during world war ii .
the history reads well and impartially , and displays conscientious use of sources .
the heims were imprisoned in wurtemberg , germany as conscientious objectors .
nan cross and her supporters offered both practical and moral support to south africa 's conscientious objectors .
he spent three and a half years in prison as a conscientious objector during world war ii , was on the first of the “ freedom rides ”
ada louise huxtable , noted architecture critic , wrote in 1965 : " williamsburg is an extraordinary , conscientious and expensive exercise in historical playacting in which real and imitation treasures and modern copies are carelessly confused in everyone 's mind .
when world war ii came , eight broadway members became conscientious objectors , serving out the war in mental hospitals and other forms of community service .
nevius was considered conscientious , so much so that at one point the army wanted to replace him ; this resulted in baldwin resigning his position and becoming an " advisor " to the u.s. bw program .
a conscientious objector ( co ) is an “
a trace of lipscomb 's pacifism survives in churches of christ today ; the group contained few conscientious objectors even in world war i , while 199 served in civilian public service camps during world war ii , though it is not recognized as an historical peace church , which it would have been had lipscomb 's views in this area predominated .
the rudeness of the old " fabliaux " gives place to the careful and conscientious work of a mind that has a feeling for what is beautiful , that has studied the classic authors , and that strives to imitate them as much as possible .
the program for conscientious objectors , civilian public service ( cps ) , was under civilian control with nsbro responsible for working with the government and representing the interests of the churches and other groups involved .
he was a conscientious objector during world war ii and helped find homes for japanese - americans who had been put in camps at the outbreak of the war .
attorney david boies said that mcgeady 's testimony showed him to be " an extremely conscientious , capable and honest witness , " while microsoft portrayed him as someone with an " axe to grind . "
in armenia , young jehovah 's witnesses have been imprisoned because of their conscientious objection to military service .
he used his influence in the government to improve conditions for conscientious objectors .
the term “ designated conscientious objector ” means a taxpayer who is opposed to participation in war in any form based upon the taxpayer ’s deeply held moral , ethical , or religious beliefs or training ( within the meaning of the military selective service act ( 50 u.s.c. app .
in a time of rampant bribery and electoral fraud , he ran a scrupulously honest campaign , and , unsurprisingly , lost to his less conscientious opponents .
on her death , winter called his former intraparty rival gandy " one of mississippi 's most conscientious and able public leaders . "
as an example , albert einstein who had advocated " conscientious objection " during the first world war and had been a longterm supporter of war resisters ' international reasoned that " radical pacifism " could not be justified in the face of nazi rearmament and advocated a world federalist organization with its own professional army .
about 2000 absolute conscientious objectors refused to cooperate in any way with the military .
in 1943 he registered as a conscientious objector and his war - time service was spent in the non - combatant corps .
allow conscientious objectors … to a war not sanctioned by the united nations … to … remain in canada … ”
conscientious objectors can choose to instead serve six months in a non - military position , for example in redningsberedskabet ( dealing with non - military disasters like fires , flood , pollution , etc . ) or foreign aid work in a third world country .
the most conscientious mennonites could not accept any form of service that supported warmaking , prompting their community leaders to seek immigration options .
the " complaint section " worked with cases of men who were denied conscientious objector status .
deeply patriotic , but opposed to killing on religious grounds , he opted to enlist as a conscientious objector who was willing to serve .
a notable example of a conscientious objector was the austrian devout roman catholic christian franz jägerstätter , who was executed on august 9 , 1943 for openly refusing to serve in the nazi wehrmacht , consciously accepting the penalty of death .
over the years it has housed many people including immigrant anarchists , conscientious objectors and refugees from the spanish civil war , as well as co - operative ventures such as protheroe 's bakery ( known in the local area for the quality of its bread ) , the cotswold co - operative handicraft guild and the co - operative gardening group .
the obvious suspects are brenda leonides , aristide 's much younger second wife , and laurence brown , a conscientious objector who has been living in the house as private tutor to eustace and josephine , sophia 's younger brother and sister .
even after the war in britain , many job offers were marked " no conscientious objectors need apply " .
there is a " reconstructionist " camp , which pursues the reconstruction of unattested elvish forms , and a " philological " or " purist " camp which focusses entirely on the conscientious edition of such fragments as can be found in tolkien 's unpublished papers .
the numbers of us conscientious objectors , draft dodgers and deserters that went to canada is estimated to be between 30,000 and 70,000 by most authorities .
he had been a pacifist and was imprisoned during world war one for opposing conscription and later for being a conscientious objector but his anti - fascism , particularly his support for the republicans in the spanish civil war softened his anti - militarism .
camp angel was a civilian public service ( cps ) camp , one of many camps across the united states where conscientious objectors were given unpaid jobs of " national importance " as a substitute for world war ii military service .
article 63 of the turkish military penal code punishes conscientious objectors for avoiding military service .
an exact and conscientious worker , he did much to improve and systematize the processes of analytical chemistry and mineralogy , and his appreciation of the value of quantitative methods led him to become one of the earliest adherents of the lavoisierian doctrines outside france .
included were conscientious objectors , violators of rationing and price support laws , those convicted of espionage , sabotage and sedition and by military courts martial .
in november 2007 , the legislature of la pampa province passed an abortion protocol law which included provisions for conscientious objectors and dictated that public hospitals would have to comply with an abortion request in any case .
although he was proud to have been a conscientious objector , the record caused difficulties with visa applications for foreign countries .
the first of these , the wartime elections act , disenfranchised conscientious objectors and canadian citizens who were born in enemy countries who had arrived after 1902 .
the length of alternative civilian service for conscientious objectors to military service remained punitive at 42 months .
the basic premise of pfe is the “ foundation of the good life of a man is being conscientious and kind . ”
during its first year , 3000 conscientious objectors were referred to nsbro by selective service .
the gdr 's socialist government viewed conscientious objectors as enemies of the state , and all 287 were arrested .
hammer 's clothing - lines , one later called j slick , and flashy wardrobes also led to other performers being more conscientious about video outfits , " shiny suits " and baggie pants .
the court also said that the refusal to serve in the territories is not conscientious objection .
at first he was a conscientious objector , but , coming to the view that the war was a just cause , he joined the royal air force in september 1940 .
the central committee for conscientious objectors ( ccco ) is a united states organization founded in 1948 and dedicated to helping people avoid or escape military enlistment .
some of them then became disillusioned with all war , whereas others became " selective conscientious objectors " .
richardson said that she was an indulgent but conscientious mother .
he played hastings in laurence olivier 's " richard iii " ( 1956 ) , and also appeared in wartime films such as " one of our aircraft is missing " ( 1942 ) , although he was in fact a conscientious objector .
the film marks ayres ' return to motion pictures following his conscientious objection to service in world war ii .
during the second world war , as a quaker and conscientious objector , smith joined the friends relief service ; he worked as a porter at addenbrooke ’s hospital in cambridge .
after the war , a conscientious objector 's civilian service lasted 16 months , whereas military service was 8 months at its shortest .
some conscientious objectors are unwilling to serve the military in any capacity , while others accept noncombatant roles .
significant cases have struck down laws making flag salutes compulsory , imposing limits of preaching in public ( proselytizing ) , and instituting conscription — upholding a right to conscientious objection to military service .
all of this illustrates that the war resisters are in a legal limbo as far as legal terminology is concerned : legally speaking , they are not yet conscientious objectors , are not yet deserters , and are not yet refugees .
from all accounts he was conscientious in the discharge of his parochial duties ; but his field was difficult and the territory quite extensive ; besides , he was the only english clergyman in east florida during most of the british occupation .
war resisters league pulled out early in the war , followed by fellowship of reconciliation , american friends service committee , and association of catholic conscientious objectors .
for example , it has written about faith - based welfare , doctors’ conscientious objections , the prosecution of racist and religious crimes , the census , organ donation and equality issues .
i 've known no war ' is one conscientious objector 's statement of defiant opposition , tempered by the realities of the present day .
is an online magazine , the journal of conscientious hedonism .
in october 2005 his solicitor , justin hugheston - roberts , told the " sunday times " " he is not arguing that he is a conscientious objector .
he spoke out on behalf of the shministim , israel 's young conscientious objectors who waited in jail for refusing to serve the occupation .
she was extremely conscientious in carrying out the public relations duty , charitable , and welfare work that was an expected part of royal duties .
the nclb provided legal advice and aid for conscientious objectors and those being prosecuted under the espionage act of 1917 or sedition act of 1918 .
dickens described egg as a " dear gentle little fellow , " " always sweet - tempered , humorous , conscientious , thoroughly good , and thoroughly beloved . "
the religion 's position regarding conscientious objection to military service and refusal to salute national flags has brought it into conflict with governments , particularly those that conscript citizens for military service .
thomas bennett was a conscientious objector who received the medal for his actions as a medic and three chaplains received it including , vincent r. capodanno who served with the marine corps and was known as the grunt padre .
from 1914 to 1918 whiteley , as an anti - militarist and staunch socialist , took a leading part in opposition in huddersfield to the great war , and was a conscientious objector .
currently , the u.s. selective service system states , " beliefs which qualify a registrant for conscientious objector status may be religious in nature , but do n't have to be .
postgate wanted to attend drama school , but in 1943 , when he became liable for military service in world war ii , he declared himself , like his father , a conscientious objector , but was initially refused recognition ; he accepted a medical examination as a first step to call up , and then reported for duty with the army in windsor , but refused to put on the uniform .
in world war ii , wainwright registered as a conscientious objector and joined the friends ' ambulance unit , a quaker organisation .
ubuntu developers made a conscientious decision to disable the administrative root account by default in all ubuntu installations .
other partner organizations are " european coalition free belarus " , a union of democratic opposition forces of belarus , and - the european bureau for conscientious objection .
complex cases can overwhelm even conscientious judges , and the system easily provides " plausible cover for judicial inaction " .
the conscientious objection has to be declared in a personal letter to the local county draft board outlining one 's moral objections .
conscientious objection and doing civilian service ( i.e. civilian tasks as an alternative to compulsory military service ) has , in many countries , evolved into a veritable institution .
those who suffered under his conscientious economies cunningly convinced pope clement xiv ( 1769–74 ) to make him cardinal - priest of " sant'onofrio " on 26 april , 1773 – a promotion which rendered him , for a time , innocuous .
to study the effects of diet and nutrition , dr. ancel keys of the university of minnesota laboratory of physiological hygiene placed 32 conscientious objectors on a controlled diet .
during world war i the prison held conscientious objectors , including philip grosser , who wrote a pamphlet entitled ' uncle sam 's devil 's island ' about his experiences .
in 1916 he lent his support to the growing conscientious objector movement , reflecting his quaker background .
conscientious objection was included in the 1916 acts , with objectors appearing before local tribunals to obtain exemption .
during world war i , her brother raymond sought exemption from military service as a socialist conscientious objector , but was denied recognition and jailed for refusing military orders .
during the second world war , he was a conscientious objector .
refusal to serve and conscientious objection .
he was wanting in mathematical ability but was an " able and conscientious experimenter " .
jehovah 's witnesses have no provision for conscientious objectors who freely leave to have any continued normal associations .
113 , final paragraph ) which ( at least in theory ) authorizes jews to ascend to the temple mount so long as they are careful to remain on the absolute periphery of the mountain and so long as they are conscientious to purify themselves in a mikveh in advance ( counting seven clean days in advance when necessary ) .
participation in mechinat rabin requires a commitment to serve in the idf , such that a declaration of conscientious objection would result in expulsion from the program .
these circumstances cause critics to be skeptical as to the sincerity of hinzman 's recent claims to being a conscientious objector .
however in december 1844 , after willis appealed the order removing him from office to the privy council , jeffcott resigned , out of conscientious concern that were willis ' appeal upheld his own appointment would be invalid .
exemption continued for conscientious objectors , with the same tribunal system and categories .
after initially being a conscientious objector in world war ii , he served as a captain with the pioneer corps in the middle east .
errington showed conscientious , but implacable hostility to manning , and embraced in this even wiseman , in so far as he was supposed to be acting under manning 's influence .
they were joined there by 2,000 conscientious objectors of the inochentist church , a millennialist denomination .
