multiple variants of loxp , namely lox2272 and loxn , have been used by researchers with the combination of different cre actions ( transient or constitutive ) to create a " brainbow " system that allows multi - colouring of mouse 's brain with four fluorescent proteins .
at the constitutive congress of the fdn , tassoua , as the oldest of the fdn leaders , presided over its opening ceremony on 19 april 2007 and spoke about the fdn 's purpose and programme .
under international law the declaration satisfied the principle of the " declarative theory of statehood " , but in 1919 almost all states followed the " constitutive theory of statehood " , and therefore did not recognise the irish republic .
both types are achieved through similar means but differ in that constitutive defences are present before a herbivore attacks , while induced defences are activated only when attacks occur .
where formula_11 is a material dependent parameter called the permeability ( see constitutive equations ) .
because modeling bioheat transfer is of the utmost importance in proper device or heating protocol design , constitutive values of various tissues of the body had to be measured early on in the history of bioheat transfer .
most commonly , chromosomal translocations in human aml or mds leads to constitutive expression of evi1 and eventually to cancer .
many drugs previously classified as antagonists are now beginning to be reclassified as inverse agonists because of the discovery of constitutive active receptors .
constitutive syk activity can transform b cells .
constitutive act of the african union .
on january 31 , 1824 , was approved the constitutive act of the federation , which was an interim status of the new government .
with the latter the shares , among other things , the emphasis on concretely situated human existence , on finite dasein as “ being - in - the - world”—where “ world ” is not external to , but co - constitutive of human being ( in contrast to the cartesian legacy ) .
knowledge secures that character over real and constitutive existing acts such as those constituting a planet or a tiny virus .
on the constitutive congress of cras - iwa , several resolutions were adopted : «
viral promoters are often used for constitutive expression in plasmids and in viral vectors because they normally reliably force constant transcription in many cell lines and types .
in november 1988 , he participated in the constitutive congress of the opposition ivorian popular front ( fpi ) .
in broad terms , they fall under the topic of constitutive equations and the theory of transport coefficients .
these distinctions may be largely resolved by considering the constitutive equations of the material in question , which take into account both its viscous and elastic behaviors .
the culture of bengal encompasses cultures in the bengal region , which today consists of the independent nation of bangladesh ( east bengal ) , and the indian federal republic 's constitutive state of west bengal .
in contrast , recognition is considered a requirement for statehood by the constitutive theory of statehood .
the regions of dna that exist as constitutive heterochromatin will be the same for all cells of a given species .
mutations in receptors that result in increased constitutive activity underlie some inherited diseases , such as precocious puberty ( due to mutations in luteinizing hormone receptors ) and hyperthyroidism ( due to mutations in thyroid - stimulating hormone receptors ) .
physical restrictions on the form of the constitutive relations can be applied by requiring that the second law of thermodynamics be satisfied under all conditions .
cop9 constitutive photomorphogenic homolog subunit 5 .
an inverse agonist is an agent which binds to the same receptor binding - site as an agonist for that receptor and reverses constitutive activity of receptors .
on december 21 of the same year moldova , along with most of the other soviet republics , signed the constitutive act that formed the post - soviet commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) .
three psalms were recited at terce , six at sext , and nine at none , as st. john cassian informs us , though he remarks that the most common practice was to recite three psalms at each of these hours st. ambrose speaks of three hours of prayer , and , if with many critics we attribute to him the three hymns " jam surgit hora tertia " , " bis ternas horas explicas " , and " ter horas trina solvitur " , we shall have a new constitutive element of the little hours in the 4th century in the church of milan .
this remark applies to not only the dynamics of free charges and currents ( which enter maxwell 's equations directly ) , but also the dynamics of bound charges and currents ( which enter maxwell 's equations through the constitutive relations ) .
the cpc created the project in advance and on december 9 , 2005 , the presidents of argentina , brazil , paraguay and uruguay signed the constitutive protocol of the mercosur parliament , creating the new body .
according to the alternative constitutive theory of statehood , a state exists only insofar as it is recognized by other states .
the starting point is the monotonic stress - strain constitutive law of many ductile solids undergoing uniaxial tension , i.e. the well known ramberg - osgood law .
notably in certain complex colonial units within the british empire , the high commissioner to whom was given the highest ' regional ' supervision ( either residing in one of the constitutive territories , e.g. in the british western pacific territories ( bwpt ) , first by the governor on fiji , then from 1952 onwards on the solomon islands ; or even in a neighbouring colony , e.g. the governor of the straits settlements as high commissioner for the federated malay states ) would commonly be represented in territories not comprising his residence by a resident commissioner , though in some places ( including some of the federated malay states ) similar officials were formally styled as residents , a more diplomatic title ; otherwise another type of official was also possible ( e.g. the british consul in the protected state of tonga , a polynesian kingdom ; an administrator on nauru ; a mere chief magistrate on tiny pitcairn ) .
it was intended to represent all three constitutive nations living in bosnia and herzegovina .
the publication fosters the exchange of ideas between those interested in the constitutive disciplines of engineering design and may include work , which emphasizes research into different aspects .
parsons compares also the constitutive level of society with noam chomsky 's concept of " deep structure .
constitutive heterochromatin .
dodd and nehnevasja had no intention of restoring geometric distance to any kind of constitutive role in the social process .
the constitutive theory was developed in the 19th century to define what is and is not a state .
several constitutive models are usually available , e.g. elasticity , elasto - plasticity , strain - softening , elasto - viscoplasticity etc .
kinematic relations and constitutive equations are needed to complete the system of governing equations .
mar held its constitutive congress in late december 2006 , marking its transformation into a political party ; 342 delegates attended the congress .
the encoded protein overcomes the mrna export block caused by the presence of saturating amounts of cte ( constitutive transport element ) rna of type d retroviruses .
husserl argues , through the example of the melody , that each present moment has attached to it a constitutive retention and protention , what gérard granel calls a " large now . "
the party held its constitutive assembly on february 3 , 1991 and elected its national executive committee .
regardless of approach , the formulation is based on the same three fundamental relations : equilibrium , constitutive , and compatibility .
the relation between stresses and induced strains is expressed by elastic constitutive equations , e.g. , hooke 's law for linear elastic materials .
note that u can only be given if linear , nondispersive and uniform materials are involved , i.e. , if the constitutive relations can be written as
in the perzyna formulation the plastic strain rate is assumed to be given by a constitutive relation of the form
endothelial nos ( enos ) , also known as nitric oxide synthase 3 ( nos3 ) or constitutive nos ( cnos ) , is a nitric oxide synthase , but also denotes the human gene encoding it .
moreover , the constitutive theory is open to political abuse , as examples such as south african " homeland states " or the instigated secession of katanga from the congo as the state of katanga .
plant defenses can be classified generally as induced or constitutive .
the constitutive assembly of the " geneva association " took place in paris on february 27 , 1973 , at the headquarters of la paternelle ( today part of the axa group ) .
complete methylation led to silencing of respective genes ( no transcripts ) , whereas absence of gene methylation was associated with constitutive gene expression .
a constitutive equation that respects the above condition is said to be isotropic .
emotions are on one hand constitutive of , embedded in , and on the other hand manipulated or instrumentalized by entities that are studied by sociology on a micro level , such as social roles and norms and ' feeling rules ' the everyday social interactions and situations are shaped by , and , on a macro level , by social institutions , discourses , ideologies etc .
the other constitutive part of the " jeune école " concept consisted of planning to raid the commercial ships of the enemy so as to curtail its trade and economy , again a tactic designed especially against great britain .
constitutive theory of statehood .
one of the first extended philosophical essays addressing environmental ethics , john passmore 's " man 's responsibility for nature " has been repeatedly criticised by defenders of deep ecology because of its anthropocentrism , often claimed to be constitutive of traditional western moral thought .
while antithetical to thomistic or augustinian strains of christianity , which view the natural law as binding and constitutive of the moral order , antinomian strains of christianity tend to understand god 's rule as binding simply on god 's authority to promulgate commands , a theological view called voluntarism .
inverse agonists are effective against certain types of receptors ( e.g. certain histamine receptors and gaba receptors ) which have intrinsic activity without the action of a ligand upon them ( also referred to as ' constitutive activity ' . )
all non - relativistic momentum conservation equations , such as the navier - stokes equation , can be derived by beginning with the cauchy momentum equation and specifying the stress tensor through a constitutive relation .
in may 1993 a congress was held in ljubljana at which the constitutive members of the united list decided to form a unified party .
he gives as its constitutive parts : psalm 50 , the benedicite , psalms 148 - 150 , and the versicles .
attac was created on june 3 , 1998 , during a constitutive assembly in france .
comparative law is an academic study of separate legal systems , each one analysed in its constitutive elements ; how they differ in the different legal systems , and how their elements combine into a system .
the promoter was named camv 35s promoter ( " 35s promoter " ) because the coefficient of sedimentation of the viral transcript , whose expression is naturally driven by this promoter , is 35s. it is one of the most widely used , general - purpose constitutive promoters .
the problem here is that the whole scheme is based on the idea that certain relations are constitutive ( i.e. necessary ) for the determination of the beliefs and others are not .
the best studied monogenic cause of hypertension is the liddle syndrome , a rare but clinically important disorder in which constitutive activation of the epithelial sodium channel predisposes to severe , treatment - resistant hypertension .
the b7.2 expression on antigen presenting cells is constitutive .
a protocol amending the constitutive act adopted in 2003 but ( as of 2007 ) not yet in force added spanish , swahili and " any other african language " and termed all six " official " ( rather than " working " ) languages of the african union .
explanatory and constitutive approaches in international relations theory is a distinction made when classifying international relations theories .
according to the constitutive act , its aim is to guarantee cooperation “ with similar regional institutions ... [ to ] take part in the enrichment of the international dialogue ...
c - banding stains the constitutive heterochromatin , which usually lies near the centromere , and nor staining highlights the satellites and stalks of acrocentric chromosomes .
human renin is secreted by at least 2 cellular pathways : a constitutive pathway for the secretion of prorenin and a regulated pathway for the secretion of mature renin .
a receptor which is capable of producing its biological response in the absence of a bound ligand is said to display " constitutive activity " .
facultative heterochromatin is not repetitive and although it shares the compact structure of constitutive heterochromatin , facultative heterochromatin can , under specific developmental or environmental signaling cues , lose its condensed structure and become a transcriptionally active gene .
these lead to the " macroscopic " maxwell 's equations , which are written ( as given above ) in terms of free charge / current densities and d , h , e , and b ( rather than e and b alone ) along with the constitutive equations relating these fields .
but those who would opt for some version of moderate holism need to make the distinction between the parts of a language which are " constitutive " of the meaning
the look is then co - constitutive of one 's facticity .
the relatively recent cloning of human h3 receptor , as well as the discovery of its constitutive activity provided the ability to better assess the activity of h3 receptor ligands .
glutathione is the precursor for the synthesis of phytochelatins , which are synthesized enzymatically by a constitutive phytochelatin synthase .
these unconscious reactions may even be partly constitutive of what makes our judgment a judgment that the landscape is sublime .
a key difference between the two positions is that while positivist theories , such as neo - realism , offer causal explanations ( such as why and how power is exercised ) , post - positivist theories focus instead on constitutive questions , for instance what is meant by ' power ' ; what makes it up , how it is experienced and how it is reproduced .
kristie s. fleckenstein sees the relationship between image and text as “ mutually constitutive , mutually infused”—a relationship she names “ imageword . ”
uromodulin may act as a constitutive inhibitor of calcium crystallization in renal fluids .
the various other features of the postmodern that he identifies " can all now be seen as themselves partial ( yet constitutive ) aspects of the same general spatial object " .
initial discussions eventually lead to the installation of a constitutive congress in 1947 .
the honorary mayor jan hindrik zwaferink was elected at the municipal council ’s constitutive meeting .
the declaration was followed by summits at lomé in 2000 , when the constitutive act of the african union was adopted , and at lusaka in 2001 , when the plan for the implementation of the african union was adopted .
the conception of the ' universal man ' establishes a constitutive analogy between universal manifestation and its individual human modality , or , to use the language of western hermeticism , between the ' macrocosm ' and the ' microcosm ' .
feminism has endorsed the public sphere as inherently more constitutive of women ’s worth than the private sphere .
the levels of each of these proneural proteins is likely to be regulated by the notch signaling pathway , as the lack of notch causes an excess of neural cells while " constitutive notch signaling ... suppresses neural differentiation . "
each constitutive axis consists of two couples : one formed by a brain factor and the corresponding behavior , shaping a psychological disposition or trait , and the other one formed by that psychological trait and its environmental correlate , generating the specific behavior .
giddens , for example , noted that constitutive reflexivity is possible in any social system , and that this presents a distinct methodological problem for the social sciences .
analytical or close - form solutions can be obtained for simple geometries , constitutive relations , and boundary conditions .
similarly , linguist norman fairclough distinguishes between ' manifest intertextuality ' and ' constitutive intertextuality,'(fairclough 1992 : 117 ) .
the constitutive treaty of unasur does not list it with the other bodies , and does not give any details on its composition .
the stress - strain constitutive relation for linear materials commonly is known as hooke 's law .
this relationship is expressed through constitutive equations .
the load - bearing bare brick walls and the notion of the primacy of space , and of walls as the creators of form , would be the constitutive principles of the ' hollandse zakelijkheid ' .
bcl3 has been shown to interact with pir , nfkb2 , htatip , nfkb1 , bard1 , ep300 , cop9 constitutive photomorphogenic homolog subunit 5 , c - jun , retinoid x receptor alpha and c - fos .
the decision to leave the church must therefore be manifested personally , consciously and freely , and in writing , to the competent church authority , who is then to judge whether it is genuinely a case of " true separation from the constitutive elements of the life of the church ... ( by ) an act of apostasy , heresy or schism . "
the " fino " gene of the original f plasmid is interrupted by an is3 insertion , resulting in constitutive " tra " operon expression , in e. coli k12 .
there was a fashion for turkish things with " turquerie " , just as there was a fashion for chinese things with " chinoiserie " , both of which became constitutive components of the rococo style .
a problem arises when sirna expression in a cell can not be controlled allowing its constitutive expression to cause toxic side effects .
the relation between a thermodynamic force and its conjugate thermodynamic flux is called a linear constitutive relation ,
as an example , the former yugoslav republic of bosnia and herzegovina recognizes the three main nations , none of which constitute a numerical majority , as constitutive nations , see nations of bosnia and herzegovina .
gfer has been shown to interact with cop9 constitutive photomorphogenic homolog subunit 5 and bnipl .
by understanding the constitutive relationships between stress and strain in rocks , geologists can translate the observed patterns of rock deformation into a stress field during the geologic past .
at adema 's constitutive congress , held on 25–26 may 1991 , he was elected as deputy secretary for solidarity .
on the other hand , he discerns rules that are constitutive in character and define behaviour ( e.g. when we make a promise ) .
liturgy is a constitutive element of the holy and living tradition . "
challenges of the regional integration in africa : an overview of the constitutive act of the african union – 2001 , accepted for publication by the south african year book of international law .
a constitutive ca2 + dependent nos provides a basal release of no .
the vatican responded that " according to catholic doctrine , these communities do not enjoy " apostolic succession " in the sacrament of orders , and are , therefore , deprived of a constitutive element of the church .
wodié led the party as its first national secretary from the time of its constitutive congress until the party 's 3rd ordinary congress in august 2004 , when he was elected as president of the pit .
when the territorial assembly became the legislative constitutive assembly on december 1 , 1958 , dacko and his fellow territorial councilors became deputies .
this assumption excludes action at a distance from being present in a constitutive relation ( no nonlocal materials allowed ) .
electromagnetic metamaterials are inherently dispersive : their constitutive parameters ( permittivity and permeability ) are functions of frequency or , equivalently , their
in december 1994 , at the constitutive congress of the cpds , held in bata , plácido micó abogo was chosen as secretary - general .
these include constitutive and regulative rules .
" heidegger mistakenly excludes the hypothesis that the means of access to the already - there are constitutive , are the means of acceding to the " who . " for heidegger these means , these instrumental possibilities of access , are banal with regard to authentic temporality .
just as chemistry offers the claim that " water is h2o " as a theory of what water consists in , so biosemantics aims for a constitutive account of intentionality .
the term " constitutive " refers to the fact that these three ethnic groups are explicitly mentioned in the constitution , and that none of them can be considered a minority or immigrant .
constitutive heterochromatin domains are sections of dna that occur throughout the chromosomes of eukaryotes , but particularly at the centromeres and telomeres .
constitutive activation of cdc42 due to the absence of rhogap proteins such as dlc1 will contribute to the continual repetition of the cell cycle , resulting in uncontrolled cell growth and proliferation .
more than 95% of population of bosnia and herzegovina belongs to one of its three constitutive ethnic groups : bosniaks , serbs and croats .
on december 21 of the same year moldova , along with most of the former soviet republics , signed the constitutive act that formed the post - soviet commonwealth of independent states ( cis ) .
a housekeeping gene is typically a constitutive gene that is required for the maintenance of basal celluar function , and are found in all human cells .
there can also be a chief justice in the highest court of a constitutive state or even a territory , as it was formerly in dakota territory , new mexico territory and the oregon territory in the u.s.
as a russian open joint stock company , shares in omz may be publicly traded subject to terms of constitutive documents and merger agreements .
the constitutive act of the african union sets out the codified framework under which the african union is to conduct itself .
s. henry and d. milovanovic ( eds . ) , " constitutive criminology at work : applications to crime and punishment " .
an elastostatic boundary value problem for an isotropic - homogeneous media is a system of 15 independent equations and equal number of unknowns ( 3 equilibrium equations , 6 strain - displacement equations , and 6 constitutive equations ) .
for completion , one must make hypotheses on the form of formula_47 , that is , one needs a constitutive law for the stress tensor which can be obtained for specific fluid families ; additionally , if the flow is assumed compressible an equation of state will be required , which will likely further require a conservation of energy formulation .
" epichloë " species and their close relatives , the " neotyphodium " species , are systemic and constitutive symbionts of cool - season grasses ( poaceae subfamily pooideae ) , and belong to the fungal family clavicipitaceae .
the geometry consists of two parallel plates as perfect conductors ( pec ) , an idealized structure , filled by two stacked planar slabs of homogeneous and isotropic materials with their respective constitutive parameters ε1 , ε2 , u1 , u2 .
constitutive equation .
unlike standard ontologies , the approach allows the number of its constitutive concepts to increase or decrease dynamically , any subsets of the ontology to be taken into account at a time , or the order their mutual weight or priority to vary in a graded manner so as to allow different " ontological perspectives " .
the phenomenological formulation of being - in - the - world , where person and world are mutually constitutive , is central here .
the notion cohort is to be taken not in the strict , military sense ( primarily the constitutive unit of a roman legion ; circa battalion ) , but indicated a fairly large number ; accordingly , friend is to be taken in a loose sense , rather as in amicus curiae , compare the hellenistic aulic title " philos ( basilikos ) " .
a number of constitutive models have been proposed to describe the effect .
the resolution condemns the use of rape and other forms of sexual violence in conflict situations , stating that rape can constitute a war crime , a crime against humanity , or a constitutive act with respect to genocide .
following this discovery , this type of equation , often called a " stress - strain relation " in this example , but also called a " constitutive assumption " or an " equation of state " was commonly used .
this new add - on module combines the constitutive ( fiber / matrix ) buildup non - linear analysis of mac / gmc ( micromechanics analysis code with generalized method of cells ) with the data integrity and established laminate and material property editing interface of the hypersizer product .
similar conditions can be derived for constitutive laws relating the deformation gradient to the first or second piola - kirchhoff stress tensor .
a common approximate constitutive equation frequently is expressed as a simple proportionality using a parameter taken to be a property of the material , such as electrical conductivity or a spring constant .
the tragic greek understanding of technics will not , unlike metaphysics , oppose two worlds ( e.g. , " logos " and " tekhne " , " physis " and " nomos " ) but compose " topoi " that are constitutive of mortality : on the one hand , immortal ; on the other hand , without knowledge of death ( animality ) .
in its first constitutive congress , held on 31 january – 1 february 1976 , the pds described itself as a party of labor , but soon afterwards a law was introduced according to which three parties were allowed in senegal : a socialist party , a marxist - leninist party , and a liberal party .
contractual liability , reflecting the constitutive function of contract , is generally for failing to make things better ( by not rendering the expected performance ) , liability in tort is generally for action ( as opposed to omission ) making things worse , and liability in restitution is for unjustly taking or retaining the benefit of the plaintiff ’s money or work .
elastic liquids introduced the " lodge rubberlike liquid constitutive equation " , the foundation for contemporary nonlinear viscoelasticity .
the processes have been discussed compose the constitutive processes of blending theory .
today , fleur - de - lis is a national symbol of bosniaks , one of three bosnian constitutive ethnic groups , the other two being serbs and croats .
religion as constitutive of individual identity was accorded a minor role within palestinian tribal social structure until the latter half of the 19th century .
causal layered analysis opens up space for the articulation of constitutive discourses , which can then be shaped as scenarios .
the constitutive proteins include cenpa ( centromere protein a ; mim 117139 ) , cenpb ( mim 117140 ) , cenpc1 ( mim 117141 ) , and cenpd ( mim 117142 ) .
( xi , lxxxi ) the symbolic code ( sym ) are meanings that are constitutive ( stemming from the fields of rhetoric , sexuality , or economy ) , but can not be represented in the text , except in metonymies , which renders the text open to different interpretations ( xi , xcii ) .
unlike ethnography proper , though , it takes both language and culture to be constitutive as well as constructive .
a hyperelastic or green elastic material is a type of constitutive model for ideally elastic material for which the stress - strain relationship derives from a strain energy density function .
in contrast , foucault attempts to demonstrate the constitutive limits of discourse , and in particular , the rules enabling their productivity ; however , foucault maintained that though ideology may infiltrate and form science , it need not do so : it must be demonstrated how ideology actually forms the science in question ; contradictions and lack of objectivity is not an indicator of ideology .
one example of constitutive euchromatin that is ' always turned on ' is housekeeping genes , which code for the proteins needed for basic functions of cell survival .
the remnants of both groups needed to find a new group before the constitutive session of the seventh european parliament on 14 july 2009 .
a distinctive feature of the model is that wsa , as an igo , and in its role as intermediary and manager , not only has the ability to monitor the performance of all of the participants , including that of the member state , but also has the ability through the accession agreement , seat agreement and country convention , to enforce the performance of all of the participants , with the full support of the entire membership of wsa as provided in its constitutive act .
the second and last incumbent of the office , yusof bin ishak , kept the style at the 31 august 1963 unilateral declaration of independence and after the 16 september 1963 accession to malaysia as a state ( so now as a constitutive part of the federation , a non - sovereign level ) .
the promoter of the 35s rna is a very strong constitutive promoter responsible for the transcription of the whole camv genome .
on 12 december 1974 the home office replied to the petition , saying that the home office could accept elections by the stannary towns only as constitutive of a valid stannary parliament .
cultural interpretation ( an art theory of some kind ) is therefore constitutive of an object 's arthood . "
there are two kinds of ontic explanation : " etiological " and " constitutive " .
thus , two criteria must be accounted for when considering failure and two constitutive equations that describe material response .
in regulated secretion , proteins are packaged as described in the constitutive pathway , but they are only secreted in response to a specific signal , such as neural or hormonal stimulation .
it was formally established by the may 23 , 2008 , constitutive treaty of the usan signed in brasília .
as mentioned previously , this is one pair of oppositely signed constitutive parameters , combined .
there are other aspects as well which they share : the similarities of their rules of life , a missionary commitment , an insistence on certain human virtues ( openness , simplicity , warmth ) , a balance of the three constitutive elements of religious life ( prayer , community , and apostolate ) , emphasis on co - responsibility in governance , collaboration with the laity , and the importance of belonging to an international family .
a more obviously action - oriented variety of such " constitutive norms " ( as opposed to deontic or " regulatory norms " ) establishes social institutions which give rise to new , previously inexistent types of actions or activities ( a standard example is the institution of marriage without which " getting married " would not be a feasible action ; another is the rules constituting a game : without the norms of soccer , there would not exist such an action as executing an indirect free kick ) .
s100a7 has been shown to interact with cop9 constitutive photomorphogenic homolog subunit 5 , fabp5 and ranbp9 .
literary critic barbara lounsberry in her book " the art of fact " suggests four constitutive characteristics of the genre , the first of which is “ documentable subject matter chosen from the real world as opposed to ‘
as the kingdom 's original name - the kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes - indicated , the albanians of yugoslavia were not regarded as a constitutive nation of the new state but rather a mere ethnic minority .
febio offers modeling scenarios , constitutive models and boundary conditions that are relevant to numerous research areas in biomechanics .
constitutive moral luck concerns the personal character of a moral agent .
on january 5 , 2008 , waghef was elected as president of adil , a party that was formed to support abdallahi , at the end of the party 's constitutive congress .
constitutive heterochromatin .
original sin and total depravity ) ; and by the theory that the constitutive principle of virtue is benevolence .
more generally , arena ’s distinctive approach is grounded in an emphasis on the constitutive role of abstraction both within the interpretive and the instrumental expression of rationality .
darcy 's law is a constitutive equation ( empirically derived by henri darcy , in 1856 ) that states the amount of groundwater discharging through a given portion of aquifer is proportional to the cross - sectional area of flow , the hydraulic head gradient , and the hydraulic conductivity .
it then held its constitutive congress in brazzaville on 19–21 april 2007 .
in practice , however , the full tensor form of a fourth - order constitutive matrix is rarely used .
the above is a condition that the constitutive law formula_106 has to respect to make sure that the response of the material will be independent of the observer .
with sen , she promoted the " capabilities approach " to development , which views capabilities ( " substantial freedoms " , such as the ability to live to old age , engage in economic transactions , or participate in political activities ) as the constitutive parts of development , and poverty as capability - deprivation .
heme oxygenase 2 ( ho-2 ) is a constitutive isoform which is expressed under homeostatic conditions .
whereas constitutive s / mars were found to be associated with a dnasei hypersensitve site in ' all ' cell types ( whether or not the enclosed domain was transcribed ) , dnase i hypersensitivity of the facultative type depended on the transcriptional status .
the attempt to " ground the meaning relations constitutive of the world in an instance that itself lies outside all relationality " was referred to by heidegger as logocentrism , and derrida argues that the philosophical enterprise is " essentially " logocentric , and that this is a paradigm inherited from judaism and hellenism .
instead , the theory should be subject to testing , just as the purity of a sample of gold is determined by tests involving rubbing , cutting and heating ( 1.17 ) in one of the ethical works , the " jnanasara " , yasovijaya systematically describes thirty two moral and intellectual virtues jointly constitutive of a virtuous character .
however , expression vectors have a variety of expression patterns : constitutive ( consistent expression ) or inducible ( expression only under certain conditions or chemicals ) .
an advantage of inducible , rather than constitutive defenses , is that increased variability increases the effectiveness of the defenses .
explanatory and constitutive approaches in international relations theory .
he occupied the position of vice president and director general of the office from 1998 to 2006 , when he left the job , remaining member of the constitutive committee of the muslim world league of mecca .
it exists as the mutually constitutive counterpart to the more commonly known concept of ‘ underdevelopment’.
at the fdn 's constitutive congress ( 19–21 april 2007 ) , opimbat was chosen to jointly head the fdn 's national executive bureau together with jean - marie tassoua , and on 15 may he and tassoua signed an electoral agreement on behalf of the fdn with the governing congolese labour party ( pct ) .
in this section it will be shown how this principle adds constraints to constitutive laws .
in turn , constitutive equations can relate the mechanical interpretation of viscoelasticity to the materials properties and strain rate .
he had an important role in the creation of the constitutive law of the bank of mexico , insurance institutions and organic laws of articles 27 and 28 of the mexican constitution .
according to this view , analytical marxism wrongly characterizes intellectual activity as occurring in isolation from the struggles constitutive of its social and political conjuncture , and at the same time does little to intervene in that conjuncture .
grinstein and linsker ( 2007 ) showed that dewar ’s derivation was invalid due to an unnoticed physical assumption of linearity in the purported proof ; they concluded that " the question of the existence of possible extremal principles ( and in particular , of maxep ) that might apply to far - from - equilibrium regimes ( having non - linear constitutive relations ) has not been settled by [ , ] " .
for parsons the highest levels of the cybernetic hierarchy as far as the general action level is concerned is what parsons calls the constitutive part of the cultural system ( the l of the l ) .
where the field coefficient functions are antisymmetric in the indices and the constitutive coefficients are antisymmetric in the corresponding pairs .
the systems of differential equations is completed by a set of linear algebraic constitutive relations .
in the 1980s , the field turned away from a business - oriented approach to communication and became concerned more with the constitutive role of communication in organizing .
nuclear receptors : orphan nuclear receptors ; liver x receptors and farnesoid x receptors ; peroxisome proliferator - activated receptors ( ppars ) ; retinoic acid receptors , retinoid x receptors and retinoic acid - related orphan receptors ; steroid hormone receptors ; thyroid hormone receptors ; vitamin d receptors , pregnene x receptors and constitutive androstane receptors
5-ht2c receptors exhibit constitutive activity in vivo , and may retain the ability to influence neurotransmission in the absence of ligand occupancy .
self - constitutive .
a political party founded by gomes , the republican party of independence for development ( prid ) , opened its constitutive congress on march 7 , 2008 .
natalie was constructed as a " nice person " in contrast to bianca , " she can relate to ricky ... cares for other people and does n't just think about herself [ like bianca does ] " , qualities that were said to be constitutive of the traditional identity of women .
upon the founding of the alliance for democracy in mali ( adema - pasj ) , traoré became its first vice - president at its constitutive congress , held on may 25–26 , 1991 .
while the formulation " manchester institute of innovation research " applies to the new centre structure established in 2007 , a looser federation of the constitutive research groups was established in 2003 as the institute of innovation research .
a given plant species often has many types of defensive mechanisms , mechanical or chemical , constitutive or induced , which additively serve to protect the plant , and allow it to escape from herbivores .
studies show that reelin is absent from synaptic vesicles and is secreted via constitutive secretory pathway , being stored in golgi secretory vesicles .
these layers are seen to be intricately entwined and mutually constitutive , rather than discrete , hierarchical or as having unidirectional causal relationships .
the " socialist republic of montenegro " was defined as a constitutive republic of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia .
he joined the pdg political bureau at the party 's constitutive congress in september 1970 .
linear constitutive relations .
constitutive theory of statehood .
the term may also be used in reference to regalia of the various constitutive german monarchies that sprang from the holy roman empire and later were unified in the german empire .
should microbes breach this constitutive cordon , their binding to the epithelium rapidly mobilizes the expression of high concentrations of specific inducible amps such as human β-defensin 2 and cathelicidin , which provide a “ backup ” antimicrobial shield .
it might be noted that de felice uses constitutive relations to obtain a " susceptibility tensor " which lives in spatial hyperslices ; this provides extra degrees of freedom which help make up for the degree of freedom lacking in pv and other scalar theories .
furthermore , several constitutive laws have been presented , taking into account the material characteristic such as : perfectly viscoplastic , viscoplasticity with isoropic or kinematic hardening etc .
the former pdp secretary emini explained , " the albanians , regarding macedonia to be their country , as well , expected and struggled to ensure through the constitution their natural and legal right to be equally constitutive people in macedonia , i.e. , in their own state . "
chromosomal rearrangements that generate a fusion gene resulting in the juxtaposition of the c - terminal region of the ret protein with an n - terminal portion of another protein , can also lead to constitutive activation of the ret kinase .
as numerous other gpcrs , cb1 receptor displays a high level of constitutive activity and thus it can spontaneously adopt an active conformational state in the absence of agonist binding , keeping elevated basal levels of intracellular signaling .
james boyd white ( born 1938 ) is an american law professor , literary critic , scholar and philosopher who is generally credited with founding the " law and literature " movement and is the preeminent proponent of the analysis of constitutive rhetoric in the analysis of legal texts .
cop9 constitutive photomorphogenic homolog subunit 5 ( arabidopsis ) , also known as cops5 or csn5 , is a gene conserved from humans to saccharomyces cerevisiae .
other theorists have looked at narratives as constitutive of organizations but not as fully constituting them .
in 2000 , the oau / aec summit in lomé adopted the constitutive act of the african union , which formally replaced the oau in 2002 .
bpa binding to err-γ preserves its basal constitutive activity .
bpa binding to err-γ preserves its basal constitutive activity .
these in turn signal to a constitutive membrane threonine kinase called pdk-1 and , simultaneously , to a cytosolic protein kinase called akt ( or alternatively protein kinase b , pkb ) .
he is very well known for his work on critical state soil mechanics and the development of the modified cam clay constitutive model for reconstituted clays .
constitutive equations in electromagnetism .
the other or constitutive other ( also the verb othering ) is a key concept in continental philosophy ; it opposes the " same " .
constitutive act of the african union .
there are two isozymes of cox : a constitutive cox-1 ( this enzyme ) and an inducible cox-2 , which differ in their regulation of expression and tissue distribution .
the constitutive androstane receptor ( car ) also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 1 , group i , member 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " nr1i3 " gene .
it is the view that scientific knowledge is shaped by contextual values as well as constitutive ones .
areas covered include solid and structural mechanics , multi - body system dynamics , constitutive modeling , inelastic and finite deformation response , and structural control .
in solicitudo rei socialis , a major document of catholic social teaching , pope john paul ii identifies the concept of solidarity with the poor and marginalized as a constitutive element of the gospel and human participation in the common good .
in his 1996 book , he allowed that much thought can and does occur in the absence of language , while arguing for a constitutive role for language in conscious thinking , conducted in " inner speech " .
the party , called the national pact for democracy and development ( adil ) , was established at a constitutive congress in early january 2008 .
hnf4 was originally classified as an orphan receptor that exhibits constitutive transactivation activity apparently by being continuously bound to a variety of fatty acids .
to more exactly describe the passive elements , their constitutive relation is used instead of simple proportionality .
the function formula_7 is called the " pairwise force function " and contains all the constitutive ( material - dependent ) properties .
the following values are stressed as constitutive of sumud : its democratic or participative character , openness to many different life stories , agency or willpower , an aesthetic perspective , and the possibility of connecting sumud with wider human values and circles of community .
under its constitutive document , the iwc is given the task of adopting regulations " to provide for the conservation , development , and optimum utilization of the whale resources " with the condition that such regulations " shall be based on scientific findings . "
in order to resist and to oppose what they identify as the injustices resulting from this imperial sovereignty , the authors call for autonomous constitutive resistance epitomized by the wobblies , the 1999 wto protests in seattle , and other loosely structured , autonomous resistance movements — what they call the multitude .
the mna uses the element 's " branch constitutive equations " or bce , i.e. , their voltage - current characteristic and the kirchhoff 's circuit laws .
the constitutive theory is merely a theoretical construct as it has neither been codified by treaty nor widely recognized in international law .
the quinisext council ( 695 ) of constantinople , called trullan from the hall of the palace ( " in trullo " ) where it was held , issued 102 disciplinary canons ; it included also the canons of the former councils and certain patristic regulations , all of which it considered constitutive elements of the ecclesiastical law of the east .
