to become american animal hospital association - accredited , practices undergo a rigorous evaluation process to ensure they meet the aaha standards of accreditation , which include the areas of : patient care , diagnostic imaging , laboratory , pain management , pharmacy , safety , surgery , client service , anesthesia , contagious disease , continuing education , dentistry , examination facilities , medical records , leadership and emergency / urgent care .
it was established out of monies provided by both parishes , though was built separate from both places as cholera was very contagious and the inhabitants did n't want to get infected .
contagious infections include parasitic , bacterial , fungal and viral skin diseases .
this phase with its dependencies were used with quarantine , mainly for sheltering passengers and crew members on vessels and ported the capital with suspected contagious diseases , for an example rafael bordalo pinheiro which was suspected of yellow fever , he returned to brazil where he left registered with fine irony in its largest regret which with its regulations on its facilities and the treatment of the internal .
the book begins in nampa , idaho , with henry stuart having just learned that he has one to two years to live because he has non - contagious tuberculosis .
the girl who is contagious .
much of the evidence for this is recorded in the national league journal , which is the publication of josephine butler 's movement for the repeal of the contagious diseases acts .
nothing sick , or bad — or contagious .
repeal of the contagious diseases acts .
of illumination the washington post 's geoffrey himes felt that " the ewf voices and horns are given contagious hooks for their retro sound , while underneath , the producers cook up new beats for a new century " .
fearing worse , martin 's testing efforts ruled out contagious diseases , like lassa fever or ebola which have much - higher mortality rates .
this disease is highly contagious and occurs worldwide .
the purpose of the experiments is to find a highly contagious strain of bubonic plague , to be used as a last - ditch weapon against the chinese population .
her first novel 's title , " stupid & contagious " ( 2006 ) , is taken from the lyrics of the nirvana song , " smells like teen spirit .
it ’s contagious and very effective . ”
early members of the wfl included josephine butler , leader of the ladies national association for the repeal of the contagious diseases acts ; the pankhursts ' friend elizabeth wolstenholme elmy ; and harriot eaton stanton blatch , daughter of us suffragist elizabeth cady stanton .
foot - and - mouth disease , fmd or hoof - and - mouth disease ( " aphtae epizooticae " ) is a highly contagious and sometimes fatal viral disease of cloven - hoofed animals , including domestic animals such as cattle , water buffalo , sheep , goats and pigs , as well as antelope , bison and other wild bovids , and deer .
she led the long campaign for the repeal of the contagious diseases acts from 1869 to 1886 .
this requirement has stirred controversy when it applied to hpv vaccine because of the cost of the vaccine , and because the other thirteen required vaccines prevent diseases which are spread by a respiratory route and are considered highly contagious .
it was in this article that dan suggested the need for a contagious meme for the ideas behind the xrx architecture .
however , " distant voices " contains two hidden tracks , so " cold contagious " may be the longest actual song that bush has released .
when the black death bubonic plague reached andalusia in spain , in the 14th century , ibn khatima wrote that infectious diseases were caused by contagious " minute bodies " that enter the human body .
it is not contagious .
first croatian immigrants to those places were sailors who left their ships out of economic reasons and also because of the news and rumors about war in europe , various contagious diseases on ships , bad conditions of the ships , etc .
the plague was highly contagious , but in contrast to corrupted blood , which had 100% transmission to nearby characters , being in the vicinity of a character infected with the zombie plague represented only a small risk of transmission .
contagious diseases and parasitic infections are major causes of death , factors that are exacerbated by malnutrition and starvation .
they believed mark was contagious and refused to allow him to remain in their house , suggesting that he represented everything that they had spent their lives fighting against .
in 2007 , the agency , in collaboration with channel 4 , created ' outrageous and contagious ' , a viral exhibition at london 's institute of contemporary arts ( ica ) .
the film has been called , " sharp , witty and contagious , " and " a lively portrait of the tokyo underworld , populated by hookers , johns , crooks and cops and shot in cinéma - verité style . "
it is feared that if the avian influenza virus combines with a human influenza virus ( in a bird or a human ) , the new subtype created could be both highly contagious and highly lethal .
in cattle this disease is also known as contagious abortion and infectious abortion .
the oxford group viewed sin as a disease and described it as contagious as any disease that afflicted the body .
the cdc states that while it is not known at present whether the condition represents a new disease entity , or whether persons who identify themselves as having morgellons have a common cause for their symptoms , share common risk factors , or are contagious , it has begun an epidemiological investigation of the " unexplained dermopathy ( aka ' morgellons ' ) . "
demodex gatoi " is a more superficial form of mange , causes an itchy skin condition , and is contagious amongst cats .
he was an advocate of the permissive bill , and much averse to the contagious diseases acts .
it was highly virulent and highly contagious .
riley has released three albums , " challenges " ( 2004 ) , " parables " ( 2006 ) , and " contagious " ( 2009 ) .
contagious bovine pleuropneumonia .
jessica reaves of the " chicago tribune " awarded the film three out of four stars and described queen latifah as " soft , bold and very funny , infusing this otherwise predictable movie with a contagious charm . "
heart is innocent and full of energy , with a smile that is simply contagious .
it has two major shortcomings : first , by using “ seeing ” it restricts imitation to the visual domain and excludes e.g. vocal imitation and , second , it would also include mechanisms such as priming , contagious behaviour and social facilitation , which most scientist distinguish as separate forms of observational learning .
koi herpes virus ( khv ) is a viral disease that is very contagious to the common carp " cyrpinus carpio " .
in an attempt to further study this phenomenon , peretti created the " contagious media showdown " in may 2005 .
the compulsion grew contagious and with each new victim , mnemoth became more powerful .
warts are common , and are caused by a viral infection , specifically by the " human papillomavirus " ( hpv ) and are contagious when in contact with the skin of an infected person .
many of the children came to school barefoot and hungry , and teaching was interrupted for long periods of time because of outbreaks of contagious diseases , such as measles and mumps .
laughercize is form of contagious laughter exercise , which works off the natural infectiousness of human joy .
the defiance of papal authority proved contagious , and in 1533 , when henry viii of england was excommunicated for his divorce and remarriage to anne boleyn , he promptly established a state church with bishops appointed by the crown .
anne marie was a devoted mother ; she insisted on nursing her daughters with her own hands in all their childish ailments , and once , when one of the young princesses had contracted some contagious malady , she shut herself up with her , and would not permit even
both phrases analogize communism to a contagious disease .
the celebration of the assumption of our lady of glory by a mass in the mother church , followed by a procession , gives way to the contagious fun of the people of cachoeira , which breaks out in full color , food , music and dancing over as many days as the donations and annual reserves allow .
he is also noted for initiating the fight against contagious diseases .
contagious also provides news stories online distributed as a free weekly newsletter .
mallon was not the only repeat offender in being a typhoid - contagious cook , but she was the only one put in isolation for the rest of her life .
alphos ( lat , " alphos " , from greek meaning " a dull white leprosy " ) is a form of non - contagious leprosy , formerly described by the physician celsus under the name of vitiligo , a term now used for another skin disease .
they have consistently surpassed audience expectations in usa , with display of colorful bolivian authentic attire , enthusiastic dancers , exciting music , and a contagious atmosphere that stimulates a desire to learn more about bolivia , its culture and its people .
an outbreak of contagious ecthyma in tswana goats and sheep in botswana .
when the black death bubonic plague reached al - andalus in the 14th century , ibn khatima and ibn al - khatib hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by " contagious entities " which enter the human body .
smit then lies to the press , stating that wikus is infected and highly contagious .
the common cold ( viral upper respiratory tract infection ( vuri ) , acute viral rhinopharyngitis , acute coryza , or cold ) is a contagious , viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory system , caused primarily by rhinoviruses and coronaviruses .
during this time most patients were still poor and highly vulnerable to contagious diseases such as tuberculosis .
421 ) " this contagious sickness callit the grandgor . " .
the threat posed by an unknown highly contagious meme of either human or non - human invention has not been much explored in science fiction in large part because imagining such a meme is difficult .
in 2002 , she won a soul single , group , band or duo for " contagious " featuring the isley brothers .
it gathered this information for over 4 years , and autonomously tracked the most contagious information spreading in the blog community , ranking it by recency and popularity .
contagious curates and contributes to conferences and industry events and publishes a series of in - depth specialist reports that analyse some of the key topics and trends affecting the business of advertising .
for this reason , mud fever should be considered a contagious disease , and general hygiene steps should be taken to limit cross - contamination .
in 2004 , she garnered the support of barbara walters , ivana trump , the lawyer barry slotnick , the author tama janowitz , as well as then - city council speaker gifford miller , to pass the boarding kennel and regulation act , also known as according to adams : " to prevent others from suffering my jizzy pain this local boarding kennel and regulation act will : license kennels , monitor them regularly , fine those in violation , require records and rules , demand boarded pets prove vaccination and immunization against contagious doggy diseases . "
diagnosis codes are used to track diseases , whether they are chronic diseases such as diabetes mellitus and heart disease , to contagious diseases such as norovirus , the flu , and athlete 's foot .
the ' love thing ' music video , received a lot of interest and praise as it featured the contagious and un - mistakable sample of lata mangeshkar 's classic ' bindiya chamkegi ' .
while the region is best known for its convict history it is now the key area in the battle to save the tasmanian devil from extinction from a new type of contagious cancer called devil facial tumour disease ( dftd ) .
bird felt that the game " completely sidesteps the effect of " widespread " panic and morale breakdowns ( contagious hysteria ) , and treats every soldier as if he were totally dedicated to the cause ... " others felt that games like " search & destroy " received short shrift .
the implacable chase of the authorities on the resisters as well as the gag order on the existence of the resistance show how concerned the regime was , that the symbol of political insubordination might become contagious .
keeping the skin clean and dry , as well as maintaining good hygiene , will help larger topical mycoses . because fungal infections are contagious , it is important to wash after touching other people or animals .
all others who did not subscribe to the norms of this hindu society , including foreigners , tribals and nomads , or even those who had been excommunicated , were called mlechhas or " anaryas " and were to be treated as contagious and untouchables .
with " contagious " and " eternal " , they had become the only group to have a single and album chart in over five decades , longer than any group in recording history ( 42 years ) .
they also found out that the disease was affecting people of all age groups and it was non - contagious and non - infectious .
the contagious disease hospital had its own laundry — upwards of three thousand sheets and towels were washed and dried there each day .
in a november 1 , 1978 , editorial in the los angeles herald - examiner , reagan wrote , " whatever else it is , homosexuality is not a contagious disease like measles .
cholera was caused by contaminated drinking water and was contagious .
more unorthodox was lucraft 's support from 1877 onwards for the working men 's national league for the repeal of the contagious diseases acts .
" mixed diffusion " is a combination of contagious diffusion and hierarchal diffusion .
appearing of a bunch of serious contagious diseases and unexpected technological failures caused establishment of four " services " , harshly monitoring life of humankind in such aspects .
the disease is very contagious and commonly moves from one colony to its nearest neighbor .
the camp , like many military garrisons in ireland at the time , had a particular problem with prostitution and was mentioned in the contagious disease acts , which allowed the authorities to stop and arrest women if they suspected them of being prostitutes .
in addition to being able to perform high level vocal mimicry skills with a contagious stage presence , a master of kouji must also hold a profound dedication to their art .
although not identified until later , china ’s first case of a new , highly contagious disease , severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) , occurred in guangdong in november 2002 , and within three months the ministry of health reported 300 sars cases and five deaths in the province .
the final years of goldstein 's tenure were occupied with fighting the growing spread of illegal narcotics , which he called " socially contagious " .
contagious magic involves the use of physical ingredients which were once in contact with the person or a thing which the practitioner intends to influence .
a reviewer from pitchfork media stated that " when beyoncé belts out the chorus , the inspiration is real , tangible , and contagious " .
2 . bring a certification from the attending doctor if student had been absent due to a contagious disease or illness .
the well - known " roar / shriek chorus " is spontaneous , occurring most often during period of high activity , as well as being contagious , involving communal participation including infants three to four months old . "
" entertainment weekly " gave them album an a rating , proclaiming it " an insanely contagious concoction of new wave , cheap trick , and garage - glam pandemonium , romantic is a perfect pop album .
denoted a new york times critic 's pick 1997 contagious director .
it is not a contagious disease .
it 's refreshing and contagious . ”
the condition is not contagious and it is not caused by any viruses .
the very air we breathe is contagious of insensibility and hardness " .
they received their name from the fact that they risked their lives ( paraballesthai ten zoen ) in exposing themselves to contagious diseases .
under his leadership , the bureau eradicated contagious pleural - pneumonia of cattle in the united states , studied and controlled texas fever " ( babesia ) " , put in place the federal meat inspection program , began inspecting exported livestock and the ships carrying them , began inspecting and quarantining imported livestock , and studied the effect of animal diseases on public health .
he had known about the disease and had kept it secret from his wife , but fortunately for her during their intimate years it had been in a latent , non - contagious state .
from this character fracastoro derived a new name for the disease , which he also used in his medical text " de contagionibus " ( " on contagious diseases " ) .
histoplasmosis is not contagious , but is contracted by inhalation of the spores from disturbed soil or guano .
his bad french also seems to be contagious as several french characters ( particularly madame edith ) end up speaking like him without realising it after hearing him talk .
his friend martino is at first cynical about romance ; but antonio 's growing passion is contagious , and martino decides to pursue ismenia himself .
the addition cost over $ 20,000 at the time , and included provisions for a large play - room , a chapel , twenty beds on the second floor , and an isolation ward for contagious diseases on the third floor .
in contrast , bobby hankinson of the " houston chronicle " called " imagine " his musical highlight of the episode , deeming the performance " perfect " and writing : " watching new directions get inspired by the deaf performers just seemed so authentic and their admiration was contagious . "
in 1979 , the institute acquired both fixed and transportable bsl-4 containment plastic human isolators for the hospital care and safe transport of patients suffering from highly contagious and potentially lethal exotic infections .
there are many veterinary hospitals , dispensaries and outlaying dispensaries in the state to provide veterinary aids and to take measures against various contagious diseases .
the authors show that the american heroic ideal , conveyed in formula stories of " the american monomyth , " is explicitly anti - democratic and contagious .
it is feared that if the avian influenza virus combines with a human influenza virus ( in a bird or a human ) , the new subtype created could be both highly contagious and highly lethal in humans .
white wolf states , " stories speak of an epidemic of contagious dementia exploding among those of malkav 's blood . "
aphis imposes precautions to keep out several equine diseases , including glanders , dourine , equine infectious anemia ( eia ) , equine piroplasmosis ( ep ) , venezuelan equine encephalitis ( vee ) , and contagious equine metritis ( cem ) .
cancer is not normally a contagious disease , but there are two known exceptions : one in dogs and the other in tasmanian devils .
the disease is an example of a transmissible cancer , which means that it is passed from one animal to another ; i.e. it is contagious .
and , at times , positive efforts inspire community growth because good works can be contagious .
only two rooms and no laboratory assistant were however his initial r&d richnesses where he would have to fight his later new ideas on the reasons for contagious diseases , ( disease transmission ) , and trials on vaccines .
swine brucellosis is a contagious disease in pigs caused by the bacteria , " brucella suis " .
native american populations were devastated by contagious diseases , particularly smallpox , brought to the americas by european colonists .
previously they had written hits for acts like teddy pendergrass ( " joy " ) , gladys knight & the pips ( " love overboard " ) , natalie cole ( " jump start " ) , levert ( " casanova " ) , klymaxx ( " meeting in the ladies room " ) , and the whispers ( " contagious " ) in addition to midnight star , and as the duo calloway they scored a number two billboard hot 100 hit and number five soul with " i wanna be rich " .
depending on the disease , the person may or may not be contagious during the incubation period .
the disease is highly lethal and contagious , killing shrimp quickly .
the second single , " greedy fly " , was released after the two week long number one stay for " razorblade suitcase " in america , and reached number three . " bonedriven " and " cold contagious " followed and did not make an impact on the charts .
in 1773 , the same year that he survived the ship sinking , rushton was sailing to dominica with human cargo when a highly contagious outbreak of opthalmia struck many of the slaves .
it is not a life threatening disease and is not contagious ( transferable to other persons ) .
" h. pylori " is contagious , although the exact route of transmission is not known .
his love of hockey is contagious .
somewhat overlapping , but mainly following the incubation period , there is a period of communicability ; a time when an infected individual or animal is contagious and can infect another person or animal .
these functions included dealing with contagious diseases , and wartime evacuations and air raid precautions .
to produce skin lesions comparable with contagious pustular dermatitis , the estimated dose is between 465–1395 gy .
as the century progressed , phs commissioned officers served their country by controlling the spread of contagious diseases such as smallpox and yellow fever , conducting important biomedical research , regulating the food and drug supply , providing health care to underserved groups , supplying medical assistance in the aftermath of disasters , and in numerous other ways .
brightling 's company is developing a highly contagious strain of the ebola virus , called " brahma , " with the ability to kill every human being on the planet .
the contagious hook and chorus have a lively group component where the co - eds battle in a call - and - response sing - off .
this supports the claim that contagious yawning is based on the capacity for empathy .
while at nyu , leah directed " twitch " , a short film portraying a young girl 's irrational fear that her mother 's disability is contagious .
leprosy was misunderstood and any disease considered fatal and contagious , such as small pox , was grouped under the header " lazerij " , after the story of lazarus .
crane 's first novel , " stupid and contagious " , was published in 2006 , and was warmly dedicated to her mother .
in some locations , such as southern europe , australia and south america , they have negatively impacted upland native fish species , either by eating them , outcompeting them , transmitting contagious diseases , or hybridization with closely - related species and subspecies that are native to western north america .
the discovery that tuberculosis was contagious further contributed to saranac lake 's importance as a cure center , as many other venues in the adirondacks began to turn " consumptives " away .
contagious diseases ( such as measles and tuberculosis ) and respiratory disorders were more prevalent in northern arid regions , whereas malaria , guinea worm infection , and schistosomiasis were more common in the senegal river valley .
cold contagious " is unusually long among bush songs -- at about six minutes , it is the longest track bush ever released , except for the song " distant voices , " also on " razorblade suitcase " .
returning to argentina in 1925 , mazza was given a prominent post in the uba ' surgical cinic and shortly afterwards invited nicolle to buenos aires , where they discussed the need for more vigorous action against the contagious diseases affecting the country 's poor .
contagious sounstage . ( lineup for individual days unknown )
fawcett also campaigned for the repeal of the contagious diseases acts , which reflected sexual double standards .
the ambitious title of " the historical development of epidemic and contagious diseases all over the world , with the laws of their diffusion " showed the influence of schönlein .
this awakening is contagious and it will be transmitted to everybody soon . "
herd immunity only applies to diseases that are contagious .
the line up of vaughn 's backing band consists of guitarist tony marshall ( ex - contagious ) , pat heath ( ex - brave new world ) , steve mckenna ( ex - ten ) and lee morris ( ex - paradise lost ) .
hartmut o. rotermond , author of " demonic affliction or contagious disease ? " , describes that in edo and surrounding cities , there were many outbreaks of measles and smallpox .
since persons are most contagious during early infection , widespread testing could provide significant public health benefits .
in 1869 , jean antoine villemin demonstrated that the disease was indeed contagious , conducting an experiment in which tuberculous matter from human cadavers was injected into laboratory rabbits , who then became infected .
they energize and stimulate others through their contagious enthusiasm .
personality disorders are not contagious .
it is highly contagious , even days or weeks after symptoms disappear .
poliomyelitis is highly contagious and spreads easily by human - to - human contact .
in greek mythology , a miasma is a contagious power that has an independent life of its own .
in etiology and pathology , the " canon " described the contagious nature of infectious diseases such as phthisis and tuberculosis , the distribution of disease by water and soil , and the existence of sexually transmitted disease .
once the oil and resin are thoroughly washed from the skin , the rash is not contagious .
chuck taylor with billboard called the tune " a pulsating midtempo pop / rocker ready to take center stage at mainstream and adult top 40 . " usa remarked that on the track , mayer " delivers a contagious melody , an exhilarating arrangement and lyrics that are thoughtful and touching without stooping to sentimentality or bombast . "
judges carried posies of southernwood and rue to protect themselves from prisoner 's contagious diseases , and some church - goers relied on the herb 's sharp scent to keep them awake during long sermons .
however , unlike computer viruses , ideas often evolve new or improved contagious properties without intentional human design , entirely by accident , through copying infidelity mutations or recombination into powerful new belief sets .
the disease appears to be contagious ( spread by physical contact ) .
the retreat to behind beaver dam creek was contagious and crawford 's entire division formation collapsed , exposing the v corps ' left flank .
the condition is not contagious .
newcastle disease is a contagious bird disease affecting many domestic and wild avian species .
born in sweetwater , texas in 1916 , he was loved for his contagious enthusiasm for reptiles and amphibians .
economist robert shiller argued that speculative bubbles are fueled by " contagious optimism , seemingly impervious to facts , that often takes hold when prices are rising .
infectivity wanes in 7 to 10 days when scabs form over the lesions , but the infected person is contagious until the last smallpox scab falls off .
similarly , research into pathogens may lead to treatments for contagious diseases .
on the recommendation of the cattle plague commission , the institute then known as the imperial bacteriological laboratory had its genesis on december 9 , 1889 at pune , and later relocated to mukteshwar in 1893 to facilitate segregation and quarantine of highly contagious organisms .
tb test : tests for tuberculosis , a highly contagious infection .
it is very contagious , spreading to nearby coral .
the song titles were " telephone unknown , " " humanoid , " " denied , " " zero , " and " contagious . "
his mother continued to have health problems , with tuberculosis , a highly contagious disease that limited the contact she could have with her children and continued to force her into the hospital for long periods of time .
pasteurization was first used in the united states in the 1890s after the discovery of germ theory to control the hazards of highly contagious bacterial diseases including bovine tuberculosis and brucellosis that could be easily transmitted to humans through the drinking of raw milk .
the book is known for its introduction of systematic experimentation and quantification into the study of physiology , the discovery of contagious diseases and sexually transmitted diseases , the introduction of quarantine to limit the spread of infectious diseases , the introduction of experimental medicine , clinical trials , neuropsychiatry , risk factor analysis , and the idea of a syndrome in the diagnosis of specific diseases , and hypothesized the existence of microrganisms .
in the 1987 supreme court decision concerning the case nassau county , florida v arline , it was ruled that employees that were infected with contagious diseases , such as tuberculosis , are considered disabled individuals and are therefore subject to the acts coverage .
" cold contagious " was the fourth and final single from post - grunge band bush 's second studio album , " razorblade suitcase " .
( the h5n1 virus is also able to infect cells deep in the lungs with receptor type a2 - 3 but can not infect cells with receptor type a2 - 6 making it less contagious than h1n1/09 . )
dr. griffin issued a warning that any misuse of a contagious disease sign would be immediately reported to the michigan secretary of state .
experts do not agree on whether the virus is completely eliminated or reduced to undetectable levels , and it is difficult to know if one is contagious .
this field of study is important because controlled indoor climates generally tend to favor the survival and transmission of contagious human pathogens as well as certain kinds of fungi and bacteria .
this is part of the reason why strong emotions are contagious , and why humans can have strong physiological reactions to events viewed from afar .
sickly migrants and servants became an issue of concern for the colonies receiving them , with the specter of contagious diseases demanding a course of action .
bluetongue disease or catarrhal fever is a non - contagious , insect - borne viral disease of ruminants , mainly sheep and less frequently of cattle , goats , buffalo , deer , dromedaries and antelope .
for example , research has shown that the simple act of hand washing can prevent many contagious diseases .
the fungal stroma suppresses host seed production and culminates in the ejection of meiospores ( ascospores ) that mediate horizontal ( contagious ) transmission of the fungus to new plants .
not knowing if the fire - lizard ’s sickness is contagious , they quarantine it until it recovers .
" mycoplasma hyopneumoniae " is a species of bacteria known to cause the disease porcine enzootic pneumonia , a highly contagious and chronic disease affecting pigs ( whittlestone , 1979 ) .
some viral hemorrhagic fever causing agents like lassa fever , rift valley fever , marburg virus , ebola virus and bolivian hemorrhagic fever are highly contagious and deadly diseases , with the theoretical potential to become pandemics .
there was much action taken towards the repeal of the contagious diseases acts .
on the last day of the visit , she laughs loudly , because the loudness of sam is contagious !
it is extremely painful and contagious .
vaccine will take up to 2 weeks to reach effective levels of immunity , the contagious individual should remain in quarantine until other animals are protected .
the infection is quite contagious .
other ectoparasites , including flea and tick infestations are not considered directly contagious but are acquired from an environment where other infested hosts have established the parasite 's life cycle .
new age reporter " described him by saying " his exuberance and originality are invigorating and his upbeat attitude contagious " while david lanz has called his music " heavy mellow . "
by the time , 2 october 1863 , the " adelante " ( on which the tongans were put ) finally left , many had already died or were dying from contagious diseases .
contagious exists to simplify and to advise .
it is not contagious and does not involve any known pathogen .
the disease is highly contagious and the outcome is often fatal .
trixie " is highly contagious .
contagious ( third day album ) .
human brucellosis is not considered a contagious disease and people become infected by contact with fluids from infected animals ( sheep , cattle or pigs ) or derived food products like unpasteurized milk and cheese .
tinea capitis caused by species of " microsporum " and " trichophyton " is a contagious disease that is endemic in many countries .
when cole left in 1928 to become boys’ work secretary of the world ’s committee of ymca 's , it was obvious that his enthusiasm for the rag society had been contagious and his sales job superb .
due to the extremely deadly and contagious nature of panleukopenia , the avma and aafp strongly advocate the appropriate use of vaccinations against panleukopenia .
it is also known as contagious pustular dermatitis , infectious labial dermatitis , ecthyma contagiosum , and sheep pox , thistle disease and scabby mouth . "
health care workers who become infected with certain contagious illnesses are not permitted in many places to work with patients .
as a child he fell seriously ill with a contagious disease .
fowley tells mulder and scully that they believed that cassandra spender contracted a contagious organism and that she was called in by agent jeffrey spender .
they may also be more prone to mistakes , and in the case of contagious diseases ( e.g. influenza ) , they may transmit the illness to fellow employees , causing a larger fallout in work efficiency .
in the episode " unnatural selection " , a highly - contagious disease which causes rapid aging and decline , followed by death is investigated by the " enterprise " .
pragyaa 2006 : " attitudes are contagious " .
" love is contagious " is the debut single by taja sevelle , released in 1987 .
the assembly argued that a quarantine merely served as an immediate response to a contagious cargo ; the central cause of the problem involved the crowed quarters of ships , especially those carrying the irish and germans .
asiatic cholera is generally caused by contaminated drinking water and is contagious .
david cheal of " the daily telegraph " said that " clocks " features a " hypnotic piano riff , a pounding , almost frantic rhythm , and a contagious tune , all building to a gorgeously serene climax with martin 's floaty voice singing " .
trustees shall have the power to exclude children of filthy or vicious habits , or children suffering from contagious or infectious diseases . "
initially after the scientific discovery of bacteria , no product testing was available to determine if a farmer 's milk was safe or infected , so all milk had to be treated as potentially contagious .
rté reviewer harry guerin described the album as being one from a band " pushing themselves in different directions and coming up with a joy and sadness that prove as contagious as each other [ ... ] a band thinking outside the a , b , c of guitar rock " .
however , crosby considers it more likely that a highly contagious ancestral species of the bacteria moved with early human ancestors across the land bridge of the bering straits many thousands of years ago without dying out in the original source population .
the contagious period continues until all blisters have formed scabs , which may take 5 to 10 days .
equines showing evidence of contagious disease are ineligible to compete , and shall be promptly removed from the grounds .
" contagious " is a song by the isley brothers , featuring ronald isley .
attempts to pass contagious diseases legislation were resisted , and unlike other states , legislative control was minimal till the general attack on ' vice ' of the first decade of the twentieth century which resulted in the " police offences amendment act 1908 " , and the " prisoners detention act " .
residents were shunned in their new communities by people who feared the effects of exposure to dioxin were contagious .
instead , the afflicted were ostracised from their community due to ignorance about the disease , as people were afraid that it was contagious .
however , beef exports to the u.s. were suspended in august 2000 when argentine cattle near the border with paraguay ( whose authorities refuse to vaccinate cattle against highly contagious hoof and mouth disease ) were discovered to have anti - bodies for the infection .
asthma is not contagious and poses no risk to others .
the disease is very contagious and morbidity is high .
21 u.s.c. 101 , allows the president , by proclamation , to suspend the importation of all or any class of animals for a limited time , whenever , in his opinion , it is necessary for the protection of animals in the united states against infectious or contagious diseases .
though the deadly and highly contagious x - flu virus represents the horror that becomes possible through genetically altering common diseases , the real warning against genetic engineering lies in the case of purblood .
railroads ) and pandemic illness preparedness to avoid a highly - contagious illness from devastating a large corporation .
the process did not necessarily have a scientific basis ; the practice dates from before an understanding of the cause of contagious diseases , and the fumigant was as likely to be based on folklore .
a contagious joy .
stead , one of those who had been opposed to the contagious diseases acts since the 1870s , was convinced to agitate popular support for protective legislation .
whatever else it is , homosexuality is not a contagious disease like the measles .
it appears that injuries to their brains do not have any effect , and the only way to fully destroy them is to cremate their bodies , although the ensuing smoke also spreads the contagious gas .
some researchers have commented that the pathway of propagation functions in the manner of a contagious disease ; however , there is some sentiment that the disorder may involve an immunosuppressive mechanism , potentially linked to the aforementioned " stress " leading to a weakened immune system .
this condition is not contagious to others , but due to its unsightly nature can cause significant distress in regard to social interactions with others .
another contagious infestation is caused by a mite , " cheyletiella " .
from the 1830s to 1984 migrant ships arriving in sydney with suspected contagious disease stopped inside north head and off - loaded passengers and crew into quarantine to protect local residents from becoming sick .
however in " wild cards volume v : down and dirty " , he had an encounter with croyd crenson , better known as the sleeper , during a time when crenson 's current mutation had developed a contagious version of the wild card virus .
contagious is available as a quarterly magazine , complete with dvd showcasing over 100 pieces of creative work per issue .
persons who through minor , but repeated , infractions of the law demonstrate that they will not adapt socialist state , e.g. beggars , tramps , whores , alcoholics with contagious diseases , particularly transmitted diseases , who evade the measures taken by the public health authorities ”
when faye smallwood was fifteen years old , the oolom population was devastated by a contagious disease called pteromic paralysis ; the majority of the population died lingering deaths , before a cure was discovered by dr. henry smallwood , faye 's father .
this " kill rage " can be contagious and spread from one predator to another , driving them all to attack each other .
both viruses are contagious , highly virulent , and capable of infecting a number of mammalian species and causing potentially fatal disease .
he created distinctions between public and individual hygiene , and initiated studies and awareness involving the multiple issues that involve hygiene , such as contagious diseases , health in the workplace , and problems associated with living in a high density urban environment , to name a few .
it is a temporary state that affects both the village and it ’s members … bitlaha is contagious , affecting a bitlahas parents , guardians and whole village ” ( skinner 207 ) .
this yawn spreads ( as yawns are terribly contagious ) and then the book follows various creatures , including the foona lagoona baboona , the collaspable frink , the chippendale mupp , the oft , and the krandles , throughout the lands who are sleeping , or preparing to sleep .
he was known for his outstanding acts of charity , and he became particularly renowned when he aided his townsmen during a highly contagious epidemic .
official records say that she died as result of lupus , a non - contagious auto - immune disease .
from its original meaning of head or body lice , the term seems to have evolved into a purely imaginary stand - in for anything contagious and repulsive .
