in 1986 , css acquired ellisco co. , a manufacturer of metal containers in standard and customized formats .
hauled by british rail class 66 locomotive , 66411 " eddie the engine " , supplied and manned by direct rail services , the train consists of 26 specially designed new 45’ curtainsided containers , which at 8’6 ” in height can travel on any rail gauge in the uk .
ziploc is a brand of reusable , re - sealable zipper storage bags and containers originally developed by dow chemical company , and now produced by s. c. johnson & son .
following the 1942 battle against brain head , his form was split up into four containers and it is unknown if he was ever put back together .
according to the current plan , huge " dirty " trucks will pull 40-ton containers filled with tailings to a structure that will be located between the talings and potash road .
pla is used for biodegradable and compostable disposable beverage cups , the lining in hot beverage cups , deli containers and clamshells for food packaging .
in the port of gdańsk is specialized cargo handling equipment and port infrastructure , enabling among others the handling of grain , fertilizers , lumber , ore , steel and containers , as well as ro - ro vessel servicing .
for this reason , special plastic or carton containers with vents are used to allow gas to escape .
it is usually women who must carry large water containers home from the stream or well in these cases , even though it is men who usually lift most other heavy loads on the brazilian ranch , such as harvest sacks .
her first creations were water containers , plates , and different objects of simple shapes .
the crew compartment is fitted with an automatic fire detection and fire fighting system with 3 fire sensors and three halon 1301 gas containers .
when all the containers are full , the player wins the level .
these witches would then have to " yield up his horns " ; i.e. give over the horn containers for curses and evil potions to the witch - finders .
stagecoach won the franchise again , meaning that sea containers ' railway operations in the uk were limited to gner .
containers .
the 2009 southeast queensland oil spill occurred on 11 march 2009 off the coast of southeast queensland , australia , in which 230 tonnes of fuel oil , 30 tonnes of other fuel and 31 shipping containers ( 620 tonnes ) of ammonium nitrate spilled into the coral sea , north of moreton bay during cyclone hamish after unsecured cargo on the container ship " mv pacific adventurer " damaged other cargo , causing the spillage .
the greeks and phoenicians made containers which had to be filled via an opening at the bottom .
a series of tubes intermittently running high flow nutrient solution into the tops of growing containers use a " top feed system " .
it provides " containers " , " iterators " , " algorithms " , and " functors " .
its alligator logo can be seen on containers in ports around the world .
are large industrial containers , usually used for powders or flowables .
fire resistant record protection equipment consists of self - contained devices that incorporate insulated bodies , doors , drawers or lids , or non - rated multi - drawer devices housing individually rated containers that contain one or more inner compartments for storage of records .
the bottled water industry exports water in containers usually no larger than twenty litres .
the individual modules resemble shipping containers .
some of those products ( such as betulin ) also have fungicidal properties that help preserve bark artifacts , as well as food preserved in bark containers .
conlin sponsored the 2007 which directed seattle public utilities to produce recommendations on how to eliminate residential solid waste , including whether to ban or tax plastic shopping bags and styrofoam food containers .
greatpac runs in excess of 50 extrusion lines for the polystyrene foam , over 100 injection moulding machines for polypropylene containers , tps cups and cutlery .
it continued to make containers , glassware and tableware into the 1960s .
this meter can be expanded by finding big hearts ( which are essentially the same as heart containers in zelda ) .
two identical containers of an ideal gas sit side - by - side .
because the item was of negligible cost to purchasers of the kids meals , many parents did not return the containers to burger king .
cordoba , al - andalus also had the first waste containers and waste disposal facilities for litter collection .
both the hay and nicolay copies of the address are within the library of congress , encased in specially designed , temperature - controlled , sealed containers with argon gas in order to protect the documents from oxidation and continued degeneration .
the water is collected in a cistern , and dispensed via a system of taps near the shrine , where pilgrims may drink it or collect it in bottles or other containers to take with them .
less radically , box wine is sold in large - size light cardboard and foil containers , though its use has been restricted to cheaper products in the past and as such retains a stigma .
koenig alerted lunar commissioner simmonds , who flew to alpha in an eagle , and the moonbase 's fleet of eagles were equipped with winches to pull apart the nuclear waste containers and spread them across the moon 's surface , thus reducing the risk of a catastrophic explosion .
oil reserves have finally run out ; forcing people to ration the few remaining containers of gasoline left on the earth against mercenaries and warlords .
if the sidelifter chassis is of 40 ´ length or more , the cranes of the sidelifter can be shifted hydraulically along the sidelifter chassis to be able to pick up either one 20´or one 40 ´ or two 20 ´ iso containers at a time .
sts-104 also carries a spacelab pallet with four high pressure gas assembly containers that were attached to the exterior of the airlock .
clark encouraged the paris opera to seal and lock 24 records in two iron and lead containers in a basement storage room at the opera .
sea containers house was originally conceived as a luxury hotel .
polypropylene ( pp ) , similar in volume to pvc , is used in markets ranging from packaging , appliances , and containers to clothing and carpeting .
the number of twenty - foot equivalent units of containers handled by the port of london exceeded 2 million in 2007 for the first time in the port 's history and this continued in 2008 .
daniels and freamon meet with fitz and discuss their aims - the fbi agents offer to help to trace the origin of the contraband containers .
marine corps units by their expeditionary nature are prepared to deploy with standing embarkation plans and special containers and packing material for all items of equipment .
other " fluxchess " sets were made by maciunas ( " color balls in bottle board chess " , march 1966 and " time chess " made of sand timers , may 1966 ) and by yoko ono , ( " pieces hidden in look - a - like containers " intended for the fluxfest april 1970 saito added " chess board door " to the series in 1973 , in which a chess board was to be attached to a toilet door allowing for a game to continue whilst one of the players was on the loo , and " liquor chess " , 1975 ( see ) in which players have to taste various different drinks to ascertain each piece 's value . " wine chess " and " book chess "
in 2003 tenders were invited for a part of the collection tasks , specifically collection of garden refuse and bulky refuse in containers .
seams and seals are also very important to end - use performance ; performance verification and validation of complete containers or irregular objects is often recommended .
shrimp and salmon are farmed in containers or cages that are submerged in open water —
afterwards , the radioactive debris and soils were placed in a 25 acre landfill on the island , along with residue from agent orange containers returned from southeast asia after the vietnam war , pcbs , pahs , dioxins , and sarin nerve gas from the soviet union and east germany .
approximately 75 million travellers , ships , containers and vehicles cross sweden 's frontiers every year .
corwith container cranes load approximately 1900 containers per day .
the first such ship , asian venture , was an foc ship at 1,960 20 feet equivalent unit ( teu ) , indicating the number of containers loaded , and the main ships placed on this route became foc ships after they were launched in 1984 .
" basketry ( เครื่องจักสาน ) " includes various forms of bamboo fishtraps and containers such as sai , krachang , takhong , and lop , as well as , sieves , winnowing baskets , and different forms of container baskets .
one generic and non - specific term for these containers is " cardboard box . "
the neq is often stated on shipment containers for safety purposes .
it was developed from laminated paper containers that had been used to transport m-17 incendiary bombs .
" msc daniela " was claimed as the largest container ship of the world with teu cargo capacity of 14,000 containers .
pla film ( polylactic acid ) is an advanced type of packaging for application to the containers of soft drinks and dairy products .
they tested debbie meyers green bags against ziploc storage bags , ziploc storage containers , and the food items ' original packaging .
smaller containers may be made of glass , aluminum or plastic .
attached to the southeast side of the building is an intermodal container ( shipping container ) elevator capable of lifting 40-foot containers to thirty floors up .
huebner found that the " c. burnetii " bacteria could survive temperatures of up to in sealed containers for as long as 30 minutes , just below the levels used for vat pasteurization .
metal containers .
it has been suggested that products shipped in bulk containers were dispensed for sale in these smaller vessels .
przeworsk culture 's large globular clay storage containers from 3rd and 4th century were 60 cm to over one meter tall .
there are plans to use narvik as a port for containers between north america and russia / china .
in 1996 , urged on by federal express , development was begun , designed to carry four demi containers .
trucks carrying stobart rail branded containers are also carried by the haulage company j g russell which partners stobart in this operation .
in 1960 , she was lengthened and widened by the maryland shipbuilding and drydock company and converted into the first u.s .- flagged , all - container ship devoted to foreign trade , with a capacity of 382 containers below - deck plus 94 on - deck .
manifold freeze - dryers are usually used when drying a large amount of small containers and the product will be used in a short period of time .
on the 1st january 1987 the name ocl ceased to exist , the operation becoming known as p&o containers ltd ( p&ocl ) .
righi 's vast collection of earthworms , in over 1600 spirit containers , is deposited in the oligochaeta collection of the museu de zoologia of the university of são paulo ( moreno & mischis , 2003 ) .
land personnel were sent aboard the ship to open the cargo containers on the 21st .
the gifted eggs are traditionally eggs dyed with red coloring and are placed inside cups or other suitable containers bottomed with glutinous rice .
other implementations of operating system - level virtualization technology are openvz / virtuozzo , linux - vserver , freebsd jails , and solaris containers .
large snuff containers , called " mulls " , were usually kept on the table .
hm-14 self - lifted to new jersey to support the u.s. coast guard in searching for the containers during operation toxic look .
they are often applied to manufactured metal parts by electrostatic powder coating , or attached in large sheets with epoxy to line the interior of large metal and non - metal containers .
in countermeasure flares , ejection charges are used to propel the flares out of their casing , or to eject pyrophoric fluids from their containers .
bodies were put in stone lined graves along with ornamental containers .
they are often used in air - free techniques to take solvents which have been purified in stills , or from containers sealed with septa , to prevent gas entering the solution .
the first phase , which commenced operations in 2004 , can accommodate 2.2 million containers annually and includes 10 quay cranes .
using inflexible pieces of polyethylene slag given to him by dupont , tupper purified the slag and molded it to create lightweight , non - breakable containers , cups , bowls , plates , and even gas masks that were used in world war ii .
containers can also be used as sheds or storage areas in industry and commerce .
there are other regulations concerning the labelling and signage of pipes and containers ( sch.7 ) , and from 2008 a further level of control mechanism on dangerous chemicals will be added by the eu regulation on registration , evaluation , authorisation and restriction of chemicals ( reach ) .
brian hides the students in a nearby room , before he uses himself as bait to lure the female sabretooth into the lab , he secures the door and he then opens some flammable gas containers before exiting out the lab by another door , he throws a lighter into the room , resulting in an explosion that kills the sabretooth .
containers making only 6 quarts .
on - board storage includes a standard compartment in the bow with two twist - off watertight containers , a storage cooler underneath the back part of the seat and the smaller glove box on the console .
as this is an approximate measure , the height of the box is not considered ; for example , the " high cube " and the " half height " containers are also called one teu .
the containers included aryballoi , alabastra , pyxides and other small specialized shapes .
in addition , as the containers and the cargo they contain make up the vast majority of the total weight of a cargo ship , the loading and unloading is a delicate balancing act , as it directly affects the centre of mass for the whole ship .
the new lock chambers will feature sliding gates , doubled for safety , and will be 427 meters ( 1,400 ft ) long , 55 meters ( 180 ft ) wide , and 18.3 meters ( 60 ft ) deep ; this will allow the transit of vessels with a beam of up to 49 meters ( 160 ft ) , an overall length of up to 366 meters ( 1,200 ft ) and a draft of up to 15 meters ( 50 ft ) , equivalent to a container ship carrying around 12,000 20-foot ( 6.1 m ) long containers ( teu ) .
users have been advised to keep gasoline containers and tanks more than half full and properly capped to reduce air exposure , to avoid storage at high temperatures , to run an engine for ten minutes to circulate the stabilizer through all components prior to storage , and to run the engine at intervals to purge stale fuel from the carburetor .
cola cao is sold in containers of many different sizes .
indexed containers .
similarly , the containers are also commonly designated as two teu , although they are 45 and not long .
the ship mv " tampa " was built in korea by hyundai heavy industries for the carrying of shipping containers or cars .
after a major air raid damaged the morris bodies factory , the premises switched to the production of jerry cans , producing millions of these versatile containers for use during the rest of the war and following the ending of hostilities .
more than 70 percent of the containers imported through the port move by rail to markets in the midwest and east coast .
inside the entrance to the filming location is an open area allocated to temporary buildings which house on - site medical facilities , containers for the storage of props , and so on .
prior to the widespread use of plastics , milk was sold in wax - coated paper containers ; prior to that milk was often distributed to consumers in glass bottles ; and before glass bottles , in bulk that was ladled into the customer 's container .
wooden coal containers used on railways go back to the 1830s on the liverpool and manchester railway .
the aforementioned heart containers are the most coveted of all treasures and are nearly impossible to find .
how glass containers compare to other packaging types ( plastic , cardboard , aluminium ) is hard to say , conclusive lifecycle studies are yet to be produced .
in most thai restaurants , diners can find a selection of thai condiments , often including sugar or msg , available on the dining table in small containers with tiny spoons .
in extreme cases , the containers could rupture .
in france , orangina is famous for its advertisements , which almost always show people dressed in costumes based on orangina or other soft drink containers .
no glass containers permitted .
beyond gner , garnett led sea containers ' bids for other british passenger rail operations , including south west trains , greater western , integrated kent and south western ; the last of these is still current .
class templates are commonly used to implement containers .
lifting containers can strain the lumbar vertebrae when done improperly .
the containers were successfully removed over the next six weeks .
the centre container would house a nine - man inflatable dinghy with the other containers housing survival equipment such as emergency rations and clothing .
apartment dwellers usually use shared containers that may be collected by the city or by private recycling companies which can have their own recycling rules .
junk should be eliminated right away and thrown in the refuse containers .
the port of ipswich , operated by associated british ports offers a mix of facilities for handling containers , timber , dry bulk cargo oil as well as a ro - ro terminal .
fully loaded , it can carry 1,922 containers .
a navy mine hunting ship was sent to look for the containers to reduce the amount of impact the chemical could cause .
in 2000 and 2001 , a large project upgraded the railway to handle large shipping containers , to complement the panama canal in cargo transport .
his portable lighter ends up on a flammable liquid flowing from one of the containers ; there is a gigantic explosion and the bridge is cut in half .
superman defeats her again by trapping her component pieces in separate containers - preventing her from building up sufficient speed to escape .
typical products printed using flexography include brown corrugated boxes , flexible packaging including retail and shopping bags , food and hygiene bags and sacks , milk and beverage cartons , flexible plastics , self adhesive labels , disposable cups and containers , envelopes and wallpaper .
codes ending with the letter " u " are reserved for the identification of freight containers .
in season 3 the former members of the dethklok tribute band thunderhorse have made a snakes n ' barrels cover band called serpents n ' containers .
one contemporary account describes broken pieces of stick candy being sold in paper containers , being presented by candy sellers to rural people as something special , and commanding a high price .
all tribes make picturesque cane crafts comprising bowls mugs and containers with multi - colored engravings on them .
a feature of the game and the starship itself is the " succ - u - bus " , a communications system which moves physical containers through a network of tubes by vacuum .
usf subtitles are usually used in matroska containers .
blood doping is the injection of red blood cells , related blood products that contain red blood cells , or artificial oxygen containers .
self service moving companies offer another viable option : the person moving buys space on one or more trailers or shipping containers .
entitled " rip yba " the remains were housed in perspex containers as a memorial by the contemporary artist stuart semple , as a commission by geller .
students help count containers and store them for pick up .
54 ) in brindisi ( some sources have bari , but it is more plausible that me 54 , effectively a factory for packing containers for parachute drops in support of soe operations in eastern europe , was in brindisi ) in italy on the 18th of august 1944 .
since november 1 , 2009 , the carrefour laval mall in quebec , canada requires its food court tenants to use reusable dinnerware and cutlery , which it provides , instead of the traditional foam containers found in many food courts .
small objects have been sealed in plastic containers filled with an inert atmosphere of nitrogen gas , for halting further reactions between sulfides and oxygen .
given the overwhelming number of ships and containers , there are many areas of concern regarding the security of u.s. ports .
buck 's drink of choice is the " ion sucker " , whose containers also make useful weapons ( as well as components for flower arranging ) .
- dpw annual report dubbed the increase in litter as “ a modern phenomenon ” , blaming it on “ unsolicited advertising leaflets , handbills and so - called newspapers for which no charge is made … paper and plastic in the form of product containers or wrappings . ”
in march 2007 , after numerous animals fell ill and died during quality - control tests , the company recalled over 60 million containers of food .
all containers arrive in progreso and are distributed to yucatán , campeche and quintana roo .
principal exports include urea , soda ash , cement , clinker , silica , fertilisers , grain , containers and ro - ro .
heat banks may be composed of clay bricks or other ceramic material , of concrete walls , or of water containers
other facilities include eight warehouses , a container yard and a fully equipped multipurpose yard with a total space of 35,000 sq.metres that serves as freight station for consolidation of conventional cargo into containers .
also , their proximity enables them " to hide contraband in [ each other 's ] belongings as readily as in other containers in the car ... perhaps even surreptitiously , without the passenger 's knowledge or permission . "
continental continued to expand during the following decade through acquisitions , and the company entered the fields of paper and fiber containers , bottle caps , and synthetic resins .
by march 15 , 2009 , 3,216 ton containers and 54,453 projectiles of mustard gas had been destroyed ( 51.5% of deseret 's mustard agent stockpile ) .
black bloc and other rioters smashed hundreds of car and shop windows , and burned a police car , several private cars and numerous trash containers , and dumpsters .
glass milk containers are now rare .
other later - developed media container formats such as microsoft 's advanced systems format or the open source ogg and matroska containers lack this abstraction , and require all media data to be rewritten after editing .
what was new in the usa about mclean 's innovation was the idea of using large containers that were never opened in transit between shipper and consignee and that were transferable on an intermodal basis , among trucks , ships and railroad cars .
thus greece is the largest shipping - nation in the world with a total of.[30 ] in terms of ship categories , greece ranks first in both tankers and dry bulk carriers , fourth in the number of containers , and fourth in other ships .
also in 1986 , the possibility of breaking up british rail was explored when discussions were held with sea containers ltd , later the franchise operators of gner , concerning the possible takeover of the railway on the isle of wight .
as the water from the upper containers seeped down the pipe to the lower container , one of the arrows would tilt a board filled with small iron balls ; a ball would roll down a pipe to a container of larger iron balls .
the containers in which " chabana " are arranged are referred to generically as .
much additional new testimony is presented to support notions that alien bodies were found at the foster ranch and at another main crash site along with a craft , then processed at the base in a hangar and at the hospital , and finally flown out in containers , all under very tight security .
guidance , telemetry , tracking and power components were contained in four pressurized , cylindrical containers attached like spokes to a central hub .
a container crane ( also container handling gantry crane , ship - to - shore crane ) is a design of large dockside gantry cranes found at container terminals for loading and unloading intermodal containers from container ships .
medicinal’ glass containers in particular .
it is recommended that the milk is stored in hard - sided containers with airtight seals .
the company also owned over 2000 low profile silver shipping containers that were used on their own services .
the famous spiegeltent is transported from venue to venue in shipping containers , and is constructed on site at each location .
despite the campaign , less than half of the 25 million containers were returned .
nick and frank insist that they are still paid for moving the containers and the greek agrees to their terms because he expects them to continue to do good business in the future .
objects made out of glass include not only traditional objects such as vessels ( bowls , vases , bottles , and other containers ) , paperweights , marbles , beads , but an endless range of sculpture and installation art as well .
when he is unable to find anything else less lethal , he begins to connect the gas containers to a central air pump .
forensic analysis is much easier when analysts have the user 's passphrases to access encrypted files , containers , and network servers .
wang meng , ethnically han , was poor in his youth , when he lived in the later zhao capital yecheng , and he made a living by making bamboo grain containers for shreshing .
a number of ecover products ( washing up liquid ( both varieties ) , fabric conditioner , laundry liquid , and multi - surface cleaner ) are available from a container refill service , or in 5 litre containers which can be used for refills at home .
its output depends on the season ; the water containers ( the dyke near tileagd ) have partly controlled it ever since they were built in the early 1980s .
they are ill - suited for the standard and iso shipping containers used around the globe .
container ships are cargo ships that carry all of their load in truck - size intermodal containers , in a technique called containerization .
this format is more adapted to export as cans waste less space in containers than regular bottles .
additionally , during a brief period of experimentation in product delivery , doritos could be found in the same vending cans used by traditional carbonated beverage containers .
the lindholme gear is five cylinder - shaped containers joined together by lengths of floating rope .
algorithms like sort , partial_sort , nth_element and all sorted containers use a binary predicate which must provide a strict weak ordering , that is , it must behave like a membership test on a transitive , irreflexive and antisymmetric binary relation .
recyclables enter the facility in two streams , mixed papers and containers , from curbside collection and drop off sites and are sorted by material type using a combination of machine and people power .
she has written several books on gardening including the gardeners ' world book of houseplants and gardeners ' world book of containers .
picrates of some metals tend to be significantly more sensitive to impact and friction than picric acid itself ( therefore storage of picric acid and mixtures containing it in containers made of these metals is strongly discouraged ) .
mail containers were suspended from ropes or cables suspended from two poles .
the kitchen krackpots band ( containers of ketchup , mayonnaise , a spinning jar of mustard , etc . ) play a boisterous ragtime intro , as bonnie reappears , now in a showgirl or cocktail waitress costume , to " thank you all for coming to ( her ) kitchen . "
today the trans - siberian railway carries about 200,000 containers per year to europe .
as it does not have an invasive root system , it also grows well in containers .
cranberries destined for processing are usually frozen in bulk containers shortly after arriving at a receiving station .
with the arrival of even taller containers , further enlargement is proving necessary .
ld-1 , -2 , -3 , -4 , and -8 are those most widely used , together with the rectangular m3 containers .
‘ the express rape of the landscape’ is one title hanging over smart ’s paintings , referring to the freeways , street signs , trucks , oil drums , containers , buildings , concrete dividers … that are so ever present in his works .
corrugated boxes are used frequently as shipping containers .
the high court was asked to decide if a legal warrantless search of an automobile allows closed containers found in the vehicle ( specifically , in the trunk ) to be searched as well .
a transport company would be required to detail the use and maintenance of its vehicles , storage facilities , containers , and so forth .
the containers should be labeled to indicate the potential danger of the contents and stored away from children , pets , heat , and moisture .
the airlift was composed mostly of mattresses , blankets , plastic sheeting , hygiene kits and water containers .
the international market share of china 's containers is getting larger and there have been various products released since 1993 .
mold mite populations develop to significant levels only where there are microclimates with sufficient humidity and a substrate that will support fungal growth , e.g. areas with leaky pipes and porous surfaces ( e.g. wood , rugs , furniture ) , poorly sealed windows , attics with leaky roofs , hygroscopic foods , and containers of grains , flour , potatoes , etc .
as the containers were sealed , the prisoners began suffering from lack of air soon after being locked in them .
there are many firms which transport all types of cargo , ranging from letters to houses to cargo containers .
they may be grown in troughs ( containers ) , or in the ground .
starting in 1982 , the united states environmental protection agency began a clean - up of contaminated containers , buildings , and soils at the site and by the late 1990s had replaced the soils .
the personal of the ship then placed these weapons in special waterproof containers — which were produced only in iran .
laboratory flasks are vessels ( containers ) which fall into the category of laboratory equipment known as glassware .
the vehicles will transport a variety of fuel firefighting media and application equipment in 1,000-litre containers or on 1-tonne pallets .
ehcache is an open source widely used java distributed cache for general purpose caching , java ee and light - weight containers .
from 1928 the london , midland and scottish railway offered " door to door " intermodal road - rail services using these containers .
for example , stopping schools from spraying their playgrounds with pesticides that can cause harm to children , and removing lunch containers that may contain toxins ( such as plastics ) .
on october 2nd 2006 the acquisition of norfolkline containers by dfds a / s was completed .
wherever food is harvested , manufactured or distributed there is a need for containers to enable the food to travel securely and in good condition to the shop , warehouse or distribution depot .
open hatch general cargo ( ohgc ) is a vessel - type designed to transport forestry products , bulk , unitized cargoes , project cargoes and containers .
containers were originally wide by high , and either a nominal or long .
capsules are containers that hold a single item which are acquired when passing the " capsule machine " on the board .
but some people who does not like his drinking decided to destroy his wine - containers .
plastic packaging is less able to exclude oxygen from packaged foods than are the older glass and metal containers .
at the end of 2004 , china 's coastal ports had over 2,500 berths of medium size or above , of which 650 were 10,000-ton - class berths ; their handling capacity was 61.5 million standard containers for the year , ranking first in the world .
containers have further connected china 's middle and western regions to the global market , under a ports distribution strategy combining coastal areas and inner rivers .
chameleons can be confined in hollow containers because their mass increases rapidly as they penetrate the container wall , causing them to reflect .
with its triple - hook cargo system , the ch-47d can carry heavy payloads internally and up to 26,000 pounds - for example , bulldozers and containers - externally , at speeds over 155 mph ( 250 km / h ) .
tin - plated steel containers are widely used for food preservation , and this forms a large part of the market for metallic tin .
querents shake labelled sticks from enclosed metal containers and read the corresponding answers they retrieve from one of 100 possible drawers .
the court 's opinion in this case created some controversy among the dissenting judges when it declared that " the scope of a warrantless search based on probable cause is no narrower - and no broader - than the scope of a search authorized by a warrant supported by probable cause . " with a warrant issued by a magistrate to search a home , the searchers may search any rooms and containers therein that may be reasonably expected to contain the object of the search .
in january 1986 she was replaced by the new ms " wellamo " and sold to sea containers .
one main benefit of using ogg or matroska multimedia containers is the ability to create a single file that has dvd - like features such as chapter support and multiple audio and/or subtitle tracks , as well as support for separate opening / ending animation files .
containers were placed on top of the dike , eventually to be filled with water .
they travels to many places as far as kano , zaria , funtua and even beyond the borders of northern nigeria , to buy irons that can be put to use , like damage vehicles and planes , pieces of iron rods , oil tanker ’s containers and many more .
it contains buried land mines , wires , pipes , vehicles , 55-gallon drums , storage containers and arms caches .
a small , separate shelter was built for the five inuit , and a rough perimeter created from coal bags and assorted containers .
this feature is called " solaris containers for linux applications " or scla , based on the branded zones functionality introduced in solaris 10 8/07 .
tenants of apartment buildings typically do not use blue boxes but rather deposit their household recyclable materials in larger containers located in or near the building .
major crossbow features include vnic pseudo - interfaces and virtual switches , which emulate network connectivity by enabling containers to exchange data without having to pass that data onto the external network .
in 2007 , msc napoli was beached in the english channel , and dropped hundreds of containers , most of which washed up on the jurassic coast , a world heritage site .
the cockpit is provided with containers to store food and water reserves , a waste disposal system and extra oxygen bottles .
they however do not describe the nature for its own sake , rather they are utilised as containers of various aspects of human life .
lovastatin tablets are preserved in well closed , light resistant containers .
several architects , such as adam kalkin have built original homes , using discarded shipping containers for their parts or using them in their original form , or doing a mix of both .
according to a march 2008 edition of the respected technical journal scientific american , more than 42 million containers enter american ports each year .
typically , they include essential household items such as blankets , plastic sheets , buckets and other containers for water , cooking items , soap , etc .
other items which can be created in cantr include musical instruments , clothes , weapons , machines , foods , and storage containers .
such containers provide a good hands - on example of the difference in modulus , since the rubbery ( softer , more flexible ) feeling of ldpe with respect to polypropylene of the same thickness is readily apparent .
the different wagons should carry the same number of containers .
cement is also despatched to mildura from waurn ponds ( near geelong ) , oil and lcl containers were carried until 2007 .
by this they meant that a speaker can put ideas or objects into words or containers , and then send them along a channel , or conduit , to a listener who takes that idea or object out of the container and makes meaning of it .
effective february 5 , 2007 , ontario 's container deposit applies to wine and spirit , in addition to beer containers .
centered hexagonal numbers have practical applications in materials logistics management , for example , in packing round items into larger round containers , such as vienna sausages into round cans .
european rail shuttle b.v. is a railway transport company headquartered in rotterdam , providing cargo transport , mostly iso shipping containers .
a homemade system can be constructed from plastic food containers or glass canning jars with aeration provided by an aquarium pump , aquarium airline tubing and aquarium valves .
the bridge under derby road was rebuilt in 2003 to take the higher containers from felixstowe docks .
the first allegations that dozens of prisoners had suffocated in the containers appeared in a december 2001 " new york times " article .
" sacred " features a vast array of items that can be obtained from shops , various containers ( chests , barrels , graves ... ) , dead monsters or " magical hiding places " in many of the rocks and bushes throughout ancaria , which are indicated by a yellow sparkle .
a wine cellar is a storage room for wine in bottles or barrels , or more rarely in carboys , amphorae or plastic containers .
these fuel tanks consisted of eighteen removable rubberized - compound containers , called cells , installed inside the main wings of the airplane , nine to each side .
in captivity , they have been reported as making probing sticks to reach normally inaccessible containers with syrup .
the cultivar , " begonia boliviensis " bonfire is widely available commercially and can be used in containers , in hanging baskets and as a landscape plant .
the drop was reasonably accurate , with a few containers and paratroopers being dropped three miles from the airfield .
la forge and barclay quickly head to the cargo bay where they verify the presence of invidium in the sample containers .
when the ship that will be transporting them arrives , the containers that it is offloading are unloaded by a crane .
cng stations have been set up around yangon and other cities , but electricity shortages mean that vehicles may have to queue up for hours to fill their gas containers .
the u.s. navy 's version , the kgw-1 , later redesignated ltv - n-2 , was developed to be carried on the aft deck of submarines in watertight containers .
