the proposed model was a true 2 + 2 ( two front bucket seats plus limited use seats for two back passengers ) convertible with a long hood and a short rear deck .
based on the 2006 camaro concept and 2007 camaro convertible concept , production of the fifth - generation camaro was approved on 10 august 2006 .
another problem is that because not all letters fit well , the usd algorithms can not be a complete involution ( i.e. , completely convertible back and forth ) and contain a complete set of letters at the same time .
by mid-2003 , the government 's stabilization and liberalization efforts had reduced the gap between the black market , official , and commercial rates to approximately 8% and it quickly disappeared as the som was made convertible after october 2003 .
da brat makes an appearance rapping her contribution to the track in a scene with a white convertible car , green background and all artists dressed in white outfits .
the new compact car was available during its first year of production only as a " convertible landau " .
the other addition to the mercedes range is the slk - a two - seater sports car with a folding convertible - style steel roof and a supercharged 2.3 litre engine capable of 150 mph .
it was introduced at the los angeles auto show in january 2003 , when it had no convertible top at all .
a two - seat gandini - styled convertible , the biguà , was developed from a 1996 geneva concept in partnership with qvale , an american firm which had long imported european sports cars into the usa .
non - convertible debenture .
her father mohamed drives a metallic - red convertible because he 's convinced that he 's still young and cool , he fails to remember that he has a receding hairline , and he blasts italian opera or ' palestinian folk ' songs from his car stereo system .
a standard four - door hardtop and a two - door convertible were available , along with a stripped chassis of which 144 were built in 1959 and 1960 .
it was also available as a sedan starting in model year 1997 , and as convertible in 1998 .
fixed income analysts are also often subdivided by asset class — among the fixed income asset classes with the most analyst coverage are convertible bonds , high yield bonds ( see high - yield debt ) , and distressed bonds ( see distressed securities ) .
broadway , knowing he ca n't fight a gun , gives up and runs off , but vows to get revenge and , after an attempted robbery later in the day where he shoots and kills a young girl at a drive through , he wipes off the gun and tosses it into the backseat of cashmere 's open convertible when he is out of the car , which looks similar enough to his for a possible mistaken identity case .
dodges , on the other hand , were sold by themselves , and dodge had no other convertible .
a convertible also joined the two - door hardtop , and again color choices were limited to the black - white and gold color theme .
jeff young runs his green convertible in the southeast division .
in addition to building the 4 door sedan , gmh developed the wyvern vagabond 2 door convertible and the wyvern coupe utility .
it also includes former series like sportsman series ( before and after 1982 ) , grand american , convertible division and goody 's dash series prior to 2004 .
on october 28 2008 , the dutch government and de nederlandsche bank agreed to give aegon a € 3 billion capital injection to create a capital buffer in exchange for convertible bonds to ease the group through the financial crisis .
during the skateboard chase , marty mcfly runs over the top of biff tannen 's convertible and rejoins his skateboard on the other side .
introduced in six - passenger four - door sedan and station wagon versions , with two - door models available as a " post " sedan and in 1964 as a sporty hardtop , as well as a convertible for 1965 and 1966 .
all lyrics written by tommy february6 , all music written by malibu convertible .
it was released in february , 1984 , and was eventually replaced by the ibm convertible .
for its final year , the adventurer lost its convertible but gained a four - door hardtop and sedan . instead of being a limited edition model , the adventurer was the top trim model range for the two series desoto line - up for 1960 .
the first contestant on the show was thelma farrell bennett , a housewife from trenton , new jersey who failed to make it to the first plateau , but won a 1955 cadillac convertible .
a 1963 catalina convertible modified by california hot - rodder bill straub was used as a tow vehicle in the nasa m2-f1 program .
in 1993 the faired and bagged fxrt sport glide was discontinued and the fxrs low rider was displaced by the fxdl dyna low rider , although the fxrs - conv convertible and the fxrs - sp low rider sport continued to be offered .
the imperial and the mark cross edition of the lebaron convertible were the only vehicles , however , which wore it as a jewel - like , cut crystal , stand - up hood ornament .
the spider ( convertible ) version was introduced in 1995 .
the engine displacement was increased to 790 cc , and power to 36 hp ( the engine was now called 2u ) while the convertible received the twin carburetor engine from the sport 800 .
the hp compaq tc4400 is of the convertible tablet pc design ( as opposed to hybrid or slate ) .
convertible security .
while surviving eagles are no longer depreciating , they do not seem to be appreciating rapidly – except for the 1980 - 84 sundancer convertible .
due to its lighter weight and improved aerodynamics the firebird convertible was finally available through gm 's normal ordering procedures .
the optional convertible model also carried over , and now optional on the gta was a new " notchback " hatch : rather than the large , glass hatchback that had been common to the third generation firebird , the optional notchback consisted of a fiberglass trunk lid with a small , flat , vertical glass window .
astronaut john glenn and hulman were also in the car when its driver , indianapolis - area dodge dealer eldon palmer , crashed the 1971 dodge challenger convertible into a section of bleachers at the beginning of the race .
in 2006 , state and federal money was announced to upgrade the line to mildura with gauge convertible sleepers .
in 2001 , the company custom - made a convertible limousine for cheongwadae , the south korean presidential residence .
the buick regal will launch on the flex line in 2011 , along with the camaro convertible .
some of these were convertible and could be used to operate all - cargo services as well .
convertible arbitrage is a market neutral investment strategy often associated with hedge funds .
the movie is also notable for the number of cameo appearances by established celebrities and entertainment industry figures , including steve lawrence as a booking agent , frank oz as a corrections officer , twiggy as a " chic lady " in a jaguar convertible whom elwood propositions at a gas station , and steven spielberg as the cook county assessor 's clerk .
the blackhawk is a retro concept 2 + 2 convertible built by buick in 2001 .
another issue that was immediately addressed by the board was how it was going to come up with the cash for interest payments of senior bonds and principal payments due on a $ 344 million convertible bond .
a variation of the basic configuration was the " convertible " : an engine which could be either a steam roller or a traction engine and could be changed from one form to the other in a relatively short time – " i.e. " , less than half a day .
in any case , the name was adopted by the company for a new , limited - edition convertible that was added to the line in 1953 .
the coach convertible lives on .
treasury notes had full legal tender status and were convertible for gold through the bank of england .
one day while walking back home after buying flowers , marielena is hit by a red convertible and out steps a handsome young man named luis felipe sandoval who offers her money for the flowers but she demands an apology from him and he speeds away angrily .
bottlenecked pistol cartridges , which also allow caliber changes with just a barrel change , have also started become available ; sturm ruger made a limited edition convertible p series pistol in 9 mm/.30 luger , sig sauer released the.357 sig , based on the.40 s&w , and cor - bon released the.400 corbon based on the.45 acp .
if the dollar is physically convertible ( for one ounce of silver , let us suppose ) , people will return the unwanted dollars to the bank in exchange for silver , but the bank could head off this demand for silver by selling some of its own bonds to the public in exchange for its own paper dollars .
the convertible revolutionized the children 's market and was the first huffy bicycle under the huffy name .
in the netherlands there was a rare b50 four - seater convertible .
it sold a five - seater us$ 1250 " convertible " , which allowed the body to be tilted upward from the rear for access to the frame , and provided for the rear seats to be removed as a unit .
on july 5 , 1957 , she was photographed by a " los angeles times " photographer after she drove her convertible into the front of jan 's coffee shop at 8424 beverly blvd .
middleton is also the richest student and drives around in a brand - new convertible .
50 cent appears in front of a convertible pontiac g6 and a large building with styled graffiti on when he recites his beginning verse .
it has been produced in six generations in coupe , convertible , t - top coupe , and targa coupe body styles .
the phaeton , club coupe , and convertible club coupe models were discontinued .
in 1995 and 1996 , special edition retractable hardtop convertible models of the 3000gt sl and vr-4 were sold in the usa .
in the episode where her room is violated by the family , frasier is forced into buying her a ford mustang convertible .
convertible .
convertible headsets are designed so that users can change the wearing method by re - assembling various parts .
the volvo c70 is an automobile manufactured by volvo cars in two generations : the first from model years 1997 - 2002 as coupé and from 1997 - 2005 as a softtop convertible .
2004 — the fifth generation vauxhall astra goes on sale , and also spawns a new version of the zafira , as well as a twintop astra which doubles as a coupé and convertible .
if you want to use a convertible from birth choose a seat with low bottom harness slots .
coupé / convertible ( e82/e88 ) .
it has generally been available as a sedan or hatchback , although convertible , wagon and pick - up versions have also been available in different markets .
• create multiple financing opportunities : equity , convertible debt , cheaper
eldorado convertible for 1976 .
however at the show , only one design , the convertible meadows friskysport appeared .
a mid - year offering on the newport hardtop coupe and convertible was the sportsgrain option similar to the woodgrain trim on the town and country station wagons of this period .
morgensen raises some interesting questions about the circumstances in which tpg and fellow private equity investors apax partners of london redeemed a significant quantity of " convertible preferred equity certificates " held by them to repay their own " deeply subordinated shareholder loans " during a period in which a signficant and apparently unexplained spike occurred in the market value of the certificates .
the ss396 continued as the only super sport model , in both sport coupe and convertible body styles .
a half hour later , a mother and daughter on a farm immediately south of milpitas , california , about seven miles east of san jose watched as a studebaker president convertible roadster with two men in it stopped near their barn .
he won the final three nascar convertible division championships in 1956 , 1957 , and 1958 .
the primeval world diorama were originally constructed by disney for the 1964 world 's fair and was viewed from inside a ford mustang convertible rather than a train .
the vehicles produced during the 2001 to 2006 model years ( unofficially , the " mk i mini " ) included four hatchback models ( referred to by mini as the cooper hardtop ) : the basic " mini one " , the diesel - engined " mini one / d " , the sportier " mini cooper " and the supercharged " mini cooper s " ; in 2005 , a convertible roof option was added to the mk i line - up .
the head - protecting airbag was not available on the 1996 c70 due to the initial design deploying the airbag from the roof ; the c70 , being a convertible , could not accommodate such an airbag .
see , for example , british leyland motor corp. v. armstrong patents co. in the uk , and " aro mfg . co. v. convertible top replacement co. " in the united states .
pleased with the company 's ve-7 , in 1926 the navy gave vought a $ 459,709 contract for convertible land / sea 20 fighters .
detachable keyboards for pure slate models do not rotate to allow the tablet to rest on it like a convertible .
he then gives her his jaguar xjs convertible in return .
unlike the cabrio , which was a convertible version of the golf hatchback , the eos is a standalone model with all - new body panels , although it shares the platform and components from the passat ( mark 6 ( b6 now pq46 platform ) ( 2005-present ) ) .
the f - body was available as both a hardtop coupe and a cloth - top convertible .
among his designs are the saab ev-1 , saab 98 , the saab 99 combi coupé , the saab 900 and the saab 900 convertible he also guided the co - operation project with fiat , that led to the saab 9000 .
the only body styles were the 2 and 4-door sedans , the hardtop , and the convertible .
however due to fuel economy restrictions mandated by the epa , a convertible firebird would have been assessed a $ 1200 gas guzzler tax because the lb9 & l98 when paired with a trans am or gta would have been lower than 22.5 average mpg .
the coupé and convertible bodyshells are made by the pinin farina workshops in turin .
weight was 4,460 pounds for hardtop , and 4,445 pounds for convertible .
the " torino gt " was offered as a 2-door sportsroof and convertible , while the " torino cobra " was still only available as a 2-door sportsroof .
recently , they launched a landaulet convertible like the maybachs of old and this was first shown in dubai with less than stellar sales expectations and heavy impact of 2008 financial crises , daimler ag is considering cancelling the whole maybach division .
with a blinded eye , collapsed lung , broken arm and no communications or flight instruments , he recovered his " convertible " tomcat with his nordo rio hunkered down in the rear cockpit aboard the .
common usage further evolved to refer to a car body style , similar to a sedan or convertible sedan , where the rear seat area was extended for added leg room or for an additional row of seating .
each player secretly selected to continue playing or take a 2000 jaguar xk-8 convertible with every available factory option plus $ 25,000 in cash in the trunk and leave the game .
the raam is convertible in holland at the fortis bank in roermond , holland .
this course only if idea and fact are convertible with one another .
the third generation bmw based on the vehicle platform f12 ( coupe ) and f13 ( convertible ) are scheduled to be released for model year 2011 .
the impala became a separate model in 1959 in two - door convertible , two - door coupe , two - door hardtop , four - door sedan , and four - door hardtop versions and became the best - selling car in the chevrolet lineup .
they also find a letter from their late father that says he has sold their patent for a 1937 desoto coupe convertible .
the convertible - only portfolio models were produced in 2004 exclusively for the us market .
the new metropolitan was made in two body designs : convertible and hardtop .
the convertible returned for 1964 's 300 k , but the " cross - ram " engine became an extra - cost option available on the 300 k only .
packard recognized this too late when it brought out a convertible as the first ’48 body style — a model it should have had by 1947 at the latest .
the new 3 series convertible improves upon bmw 's " comfort access " option , by allowing the user to completely raise and lower the folding roof by simply pressing and holding the respective buttons on the key fob .
the funding was to be raised through the sale of convertible notes .
this means the cars she has driven in various tv series have been automatics : the light green renault 5 and the volkswagen golf convertible seen in ' forever green ' for example .
in the first place , the bank was to watch over the stability of the value of chile ’s currency under a fully convertible gold standard regime and , in the second place , it was to regulate currency according to the needs of the monetary market , for which the basic constitutional law assigned the central bank a monopoly on issuing bank notes .
the targa has the body of the convertible with the targa glass roof replacing the fabric roof .
the msrp for series iv models was $ 1,672.60 ( hardtop ) and $ 1,696.80 ( convertible ) .
after wrangling between the ministry of supply and british overseas airways corporation ( boac ) over costs , the go - ahead was given in july 1948 for three prototypes , although the second and third were to be convertible to bristol proteus turboprops .
a coupe was added in 1999 , and then a convertible form in 2000 .
he agrees , but just then lisa drives into the lot in a classic convertible .
sheila bender is a poet and essayist best known for her popular books on writing instruction , such as " writing in a new convertible with the top down " , " writing personal essays " , " keeping a journal you love " , and her most recent publication , aimed toward high school students , " perfect phrases for college application essays " .
the 1972 hurst / olds was based on the supreme two - door hardtop and convertible , powered by both versions of the 455 rocket offered on the 4 - 4 - 2 , along with a turbo 400 transmission with hurst dual / gate shifter .
1958 convertible version introduced ( 2 prototypes only ) .
there was an sx option that became available in 1970 and was available only on the cutlass supreme hardtop and convertible .
the land cruiser has been produced in convertible , hardtop , station wagon , and utility truck versions .
although the company had no intention of marketing it , the convertible helped attract the public 's attention to the more mundane sedan .
on september 8 , 2008 , tata communications , announced a strategic partnership with bitgravity , investing $ 11.5 million in convertible debt .
this was followed in 2007 with a convertible version of the gt - h.
sadanand introduced several innovations and reduced the price , but was later forced to sell part of the stake in form of convertible debentures to ramanath goenka due to financial difficulties .
the somerset was initially only a 4-door saloon , though a 3-passenger 2-door convertible model made by carbodies of coventry were also sold later .
he was also given a new pontiac g6 hardtop convertible , mirroring kendra todd 's reward of a pontiac solstice .
legal troubles from the failure of ims , centered largely on a convertible note from the marriner partnership that was later sold to a group of investors , led to a lawsuit in which millard lost a substantial portion of his stake in computerland .
both of these long contracts were recently won by competitors , the chrysler sebring going to karmann and the corvette to magna international 's cts car top systems subsidiary , which purchased dura convertible systems in early 2007 .
langford had to be cut free from the wreckage of the convertible , and sustained a broken thumb and finger .
a simple method for calculating the value of a convertible involves calculating the present value of future interest and principal payments at the cost of debt and adds the present value of the warrant .
it replaced the cx series convertible tablet in gateway 's lineup .
the d-500 originally used only the coronet 2-door sedan and royal lancer hardtop and convertible bodies .
the then yugoslav president , marshal josip broz tito used the zastava 160 luxe as an official car because of it being yugoslavian - made , but he also used a rolls - royce phantom v ( a gift from hm queen elizabeth ii of the uk ) , 2 mercedes 600 pullmanns ( one landaulet and one standard heavily armored version ) and a convertible chevrolet limousine .
the car was advertised as " an original two seater luxury convertible supercar " .
convertible windows .
in addition to the coupé , a convertible was available known as the v8 vantage roadster .
a refit in the 1985 season included the addition of " super pursuit mode " and a convertible top .
the company completed a buyback of the tpg 's pipe convertible in 2000 and would ultimately be acquired by unitedhealth group in 2004 .
it will be of type codice_23 , which is implicitly convertible and comparable to any pointer type or pointer - to - member type .
lofabed ( low - fa - bed ) a combination of a davenport base and futon mattress resulting in a more comfortable , practical , and economical alternative to the traditional ( convertible ) sofa - bed .
the white semi - convertible that james darren 's character drives is a buick " villa riviera " , a radically styled stock 1963 buick " riviera " , designed by burbank customizer george barris originally to be his personal car .
as the 2001 - 2006 sebring sedan and convertible were made in left - hand drive only , they were not sold in the uk and ireland .
the boats also carried a convertible roof which disappeared behind the rear seat and cockpit .
today , sunbrella fabrics are used in a variety of applications including outdoor furniture , indoor furniture , boat covers , convertible automobile tops , and awnings .
the " 2 + 2 " was only available as a hardtop coupe or convertible . distinguishing a " 2 + 2 " visually from a catalina was easy , simply by spotting the tell - tale " shark - gill " louvers on the fenders or quarter panels .
the sixth series b24 convertible was very similar to the fifth series , with some minor differences in trim .
the deal includes $ 35 million of restricted ticketmaster preferred stock that is convertible at azoff 's election into 1.75 million shares of ticketmaster common stock , and 1 million shares of restricted ticketmaster common stock .
the one - ten was available in a broad range of body styles , including both two and four - door sedans , station wagon and convertible .
cadillac celebrated its golden anniversary ( 50 years of production ) in 1952 , and two show cars were on display at various venues around the country : the townsman , a custom series sixty special sedan , and the cadillac eldorado special convertible that went into limited production in 1953 .
it is convertible at a freely floating exchange rate but only in transnistria .
in 1961 , the citroën dealership network began distributing a standard ' usine ' ( factory ) two door convertible .
the skylark was expanded to a full top - line series that now included two- and four - door sedans , two - door hardtop coupe and convertible , along with a station wagon .
among his projects were the now famous and classic cord 810 and 812 series , as well as a custom duesenberg roadster having both convertible and hardtop options .
the same three models continued , but this year the american 300 convertible and two door hardtop were imported and marketed as the sport 300 .
the retractable hardtop convertible trades higher initial cost , mechanical complexity and , with rare exception , diminished trunk space — for increased acoustic insulation , durability and break - in protection similar to that of a fixed roof coupe .
prior to that there was a special full convertible version called a hess & eisenhardt xjs offered through dealers starting in 1986 .
there are several unique body styles of the jeepster commando : station wagon / suv , convertible , pickup , and roadster .
they also stipulate that foreign bank branches conducting full aspects of foreign - currency business and full aspects of rmb business to all categories of clients are required to have operating capital of at least 600 million rmb ( usd$ 72.3 million ) , of which at least 400 million rmb ( usd$48.2 million ) must be held in rmb and at least 200 million rmb ( usd$24.1 million ) in freely convertible currency .
these dynas had a 28° rake and replaced the fxr super glide and the fxrs - conv low rider convertible , which were the last fxr models in regular production .
vignale built a two door convertible , while zagato designed an outlandish - looking light weight two door " sport " version .
the st205 gt - four was launched in february 1994 , and the convertible in the autumn of the same year .
, therefore , prices at duty - free shops are in convertible currencies like euros , us dollars and british pounds .
opel are likely to go with a new astra convertible , a new astra estate , and a new astra 3-door hatchback in the future coming .
in august 1990 , the wide body gt - four a and convertible were added into the japanese lineup .
net initiative , and that microsoft would be investing $ 135 million in corel by purchasing 24 million non - voting convertible preferred shares for $ 5.625 per share .
in 1992 , a convertible body style was added to the lineup and was exclusive to the north american market .
unlike the previous generation for which a convertible was a one - year - only offering in 1967 , the new grand prix would only be offered as a hardtop .
all hardtop coupe and custom royal - only convertible models were called " custom royal lancer " , and the " custom royal " sedan gained the lancer badge soon after its introduction as well .
the gkd evolution is a light - weight high performance convertible sports car manufactured by
it makes three brands of beer ( bucanero , cristal and mayabe ) sold in convertible pesos .
a landaulet , or landaulette , is a car body style with a convertible top for the back seat , with the front seat either roofed or open .
sino - forest 's stake in omnicorp has increased to approximately 20.0% of omnicorp 's outstanding shares as well as 89.6% of the outstanding convertible bonds .
prior to a brew , rice and corn should be cooked for about an hour to allow the starch to gelatinize and thereby render it convertible .
alex drives a vintage silver mercedes convertible , license plate number 340-jan .
while a ' hard - top ' unlike the fully convertible sl , the pillarless design allowed all the windows could be wound completely away for " summer motoring " .
warner communications , inc. purchased a 42.5 percent share in bhc for $ 200 million in convertible preferred stock .
the volkswagen karmann ghia , internally designated the type 14 , was a 2 + 2 marketed from 1955 to 1974 by volkswagen in coupe and convertible bodystyles — combining the chassis and mechanicals of the type 1 , evocative styling by the italian " carrozzeria " ghia , and hand - built bodywork by german coach - builder karmann .
in one part of the video , the granada pulls up next to an audi cabriolet convertible and daniels says " it 's got nothing to do with your ' vorsprung durch technik ' ya know " .
buick regal steas industries(1981 - 1983 ) , convertible specialists inc.(1982 ) , national coach engineering(1981 - 1982 ) , classic group of companies(tiara)(1981 - 1982 ) , coach builders ltd(1981 - 1982 ) , coach conversions inc.(1981 ) , con - tec(1981 - 1982 )
on december 20 , 1968 , beatrice acquired the business and assets of john sexton & co. , exchanging approximately 375,000 shares of beatrice 's preferred convertible preference stock valued at $ 37,500,000 .
in 1992 a 4 litre convertible was added to the range .
a " sunrider " convertible soft top is standard equipment .
on november 4 , 2009 , fiat announced the sebring will be remade for 2010 , however it is uncertain if the convertible will be remade .
+ value of convertible securities in excess of what the same securities would be valued without the conversion attribute
dilutive security are financial instruments like stock options , warrants , convertible bonds , etc . which increases the number of common stock , if exercised .
mazda pioneered the windblocker with its mazda rx7 convertible featuring an integral rigid opaque panel that folded up from behind the two seats .
production of the convertible returned as did higher performing engines , exemplified by the lt5 found in the zr-1 .
in his 1992 , " avellino and bienes " interview with " the wall street journal " , madoff discussed his supposed methods : in the 1970s , he had placed invested funds in " convertible arbitrage positions in large - cap stocks , with promised investment returns of 18% to 20% " , and in 1982 , he began using futures contracts on the stock index , and then placed put options on futures during the 1987 stock market crash .
the car featured an , 2 cylinder engine and had an aerodynamic / convertible design .
the folded convertible top is called the stack .
there was also a convertible variant of the silvia , called the varietta , featuring a folding retractable hardtop .
convertible people carrier .
in late 2004 , a five convertible peso coin , dated 1999 , was placed into circulation .
the mainline utilized an imported ford v8 convertible chassis with an added cross member for additional load carrying strength .
when cohen was eleven , john f. kennedy made a campaign stop in memphis , and cohen took a picture of kennedy sitting on a convertible .
austin collaborated with jensen motors to manufacture the austin a40 sports , an aluminum bodied four passenger convertible — whose bodies were manufactured by jensen at their west bromwich plant and transferred to longbridge for final assembly .
the peugeot sr1 is a convertible , hybrid concept car by peugeot .
in the halloween episode " knight of the living dead " , kitt demonstrates the ability to cosmetically alter his appearance , becoming a black mustang convertible with a pink trim as a halloween costume .
returning to the original formula for the thunderbird , the latest version had a two - seat coupe / convertible layout like the first - generation thunderbird and retrofuturistic styling to match .
this definition of the common good presents it as a quality which is convertible , or reducible , to the sum total of all the private interests of the individual members of a society and interchangeable with them .
however , in actual , real - life scenarios , the calculation of post - money valuation can be more complicated — because the capital structure of companies often includes convertible loans , warrants , and option - based management incentive schemes .
in 2003 , keinath began building a new model , badged the gt / c. it is a 2-door sports car available as a coupe or a convertible .
in 1950 , after a former rheinmetall gun factory in düsseldorf was established as a second assembly facility , the company 's first post - war car went into production : the dkw meisterklasse f 89 p , available as a saloon and a four - seater karmann convertible .
in april 2008 , the government of the australian state of victoria , moved to ban the hk r8 in the municipality , claiming that the rifle may be easily convertible to semi- or fully - automatic .
in 2004 , the us dollar ceased to be legal tender to use in cash commercial transactions and was replaced by the cuban convertible peso .
two convertible models , the f28 fairmile and the f29 claremont were announced .
it is built as a modern interpretation of the 1991 march / micra based nissan figaro with a convertible hardtop instead of the canvass top the figaro had .
in the episode which aired on may 8 , 1961 , the aunts again pressure buddy , who plays a 34-year - old character , to marry , and then a woman leaves an unattended baby in the back seat of their convertible .
on friday , banjo matthews won the sportsmen / modified race , while on saturday , curtis turner won the convertible race .
based on the sm opera , itself a special edition four - door convertible , these cars are still used for state occasions and military parades , when the open - top layout enables the president to stand in the back seat and survey the crowd .
not until 2006 , when the pontiac g6 convertible appeared , did another mass - market model with a rear seat appear in this category .
for its first year , the c5 was available only as a coupe , even though the new platform was designed from the ground up to be a convertible .
without a convertible model , the corvette still set new sales records .
typically , the base of a convertible attaches to the display at a single joint called a swivel hinge or rotating hinge .
coins ceased to be convertible in 2004 .
on august 20 , 2009 , the swiss government announced it was selling its chf 6 billion stake in ubs , making a significant profit ; it had purchased 332.2 million mandantory convertible notes in 2008 to help ubs clear its balance sheets of toxic assets .
available body styles included a steel - bodied two - door saloon , a two - seat convertible , and a delivery van .
in its introduction year , the packard one - twenty was available in a broad array of body styles including two and four - door sedans , convertible and club coupe .
czechoslovakia , hungary , and poland had remained interested in marshall aid despite the requirements for a convertible currency and market economies .
the august 1998 dates were then put back when joey kramer suffered second degree burns as a result of a freak gas station fire while sitting in his ferrari f355 spyder convertible on july 16 , 1998 ( see back of the " a little south of sanity " cd insert for photo ) .
revised sheetmetal with more rounded wasp - wasted styling highlighted the 1967 grand prix and other full - sized pontiacs , along with the addition of a new grand prix convertible .
reception to the convertible car was generally favourable , although the strakes over the wheel arch were criticised in the press as outdated .
gina calabrese drove an 1971 mercury cougar xr-7 convertible .
in 1968 , the four - door hardtop was discontinued , leaving three models ; the 500 and monza hardtop coupes and the monza convertible .
variants included s ( 4-cylinder , non - turbo ) and se ( 4-cylinder turbo or v6 ) models in three - door , five - door and convertible body styles .
in the united states it will be called the granturismo convertible .
the 2-door crown convertible was displayed at the 1963 tokyo motor show , based on the crown 1900 sedan .
investment banks then decided to add features to the basic convertible bond , such as increased income in exchange for limits on the convertibility of the stock , or principal protection .
it was available as a coupe or sedan , with a four - door convertible version available as well .
except the convertible and station wagon , all were available in either " standard " or " de luxe " trim versions .
convertible .
a convertible canvas top was mounted above the rear storage compartments .
in may 2006 , it was announced that the mildura line would receive a $ 73 million upgrade using gauge convertible sleepers .
perhaps the car 's main design showcase is the yachting - inspired wood veneering that wraps around the 8/9ths top portion of the cabin from coach door to coach door and terminating in a crafted convertible tonneau cover , hand - finished in nautical - grade teak wood panelling sandwiched between an interior band of contrasting hardwood and the bare stainless steel motif of the car 's upper exterior bodywork .
in 1966 a convertible version of the grifo was shown , but never reached production .
the xe will be a little less expensive than the xk , again with the v8 version at around $ 93,000 , while the new xk will have its base price at around $ 97,000 for the coupe , and $ 102,000 for the cabriolet convertible .
the convertible was canceled .
the convertible was discontinued , leaving only the hardtop coupe for ' 68 .
body styles included tudor and fordor sedans , a sedan coupe , a business coupe and convertible coupe , sedan delivery wagon , and woody station wagon .
the third model was the guarà spider , a convertible with a small canvas top ; only five were produced .
some traction engines were designed to be convertible : the same basic machine could be fitted with either standard ( ' treaded ' or tyred ) road wheels , or else smooth rolls – the changeover between the two being achieved in less than half a day .
the pacer was available as a two - door or four - door hardtop , four - door sedan , or two - door convertible .
several of dean 's early designs were " convertible " locomotives , which could be easily rebuilt into standard gauge .
lee hunter , jr. , a 23-year - old st. louis architecture student , found himself frequently confronted with car battery failure in his packard convertible .
there is a similarity of the tail lamps ' angled upper section to that of the australian - built capri convertible of the early 1990s .
each ship was fitted with three babcock & wilcox oil - burning boilers ( convertible to coal ) , delivering steam to 3,000 horsepower westinghouse oil - fired geared turbines driving a single propeller , which gave a speed of 11 to 12 knots .
a second , unrelated , j platform , this time a variant of the front - wheel drive k platform , arrived in 1987 with the introduction of the new chrysler lebaron coupe and convertible .
coronet 500 retained its 2-door hardtop , convertible and 4-door sedan through 1970 .
in " nash bridges " johnson was again paired with a flashy convertible car , this time an electric yellow 1971 plymouth barracuda .
the sriw acts either by purchasing shares of smes , by increasing the capital of the business , by subscribing to a bond issue , or by granting subordinated or convertible loans .
in one of the most surreal hours of my life , i helped the artist move his stricken truck , before giving his crew a lift back to their hotel in a convertible mustang i ’d hired .
the 737 - 700c is a convertible version where the seats can be removed from the aircraft to carry cargo .
it held four nascar strictly stock / grand national ( now sprint cup series ) and one nascar convertible division race between the 1940s and 1960s .
the aircraft was also designed to be convertible into a two seat light transport with an interchangeable rear floor .
in september 2006 , a modern higher educational training system initiated by the european union was introduced in hungary too , known as the bologna process , which offers students an opportunity to pursue their studies in a dynamically developing , convertible european higher educational system .
