de cros persuaded the entire college of cardinals to convene in anagni , himself leaving castel sant'angelo between june 25 and july 1 .
additionally , we convene that every invalid encoding maps to a trivial turing machine that immediately halts , and that every turing machine can have an infinite number of encodings by padding the encoding with an arbitrary number of ( say ) 1 's at the end , just like comments work in a programming language .
the governor has a duty to enforce state laws , and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the colorado general assembly , to convene the legislature , and to grant pardons , except in cases of treason or impeachment .
in that room , warner , sharky and haffner would convene every week to decide what graphics and animations would be edited into each episode of the program .
lincoln issued this call before congress could convene on the matter , and the original request from the war department called for volunteers for only three months of duty .
at the party conference , the zapu national consultative convention , held from the 13th to the 14th december 2008 , dumiso dabengwa , a former home affairs minister was elected interim chairperson with the mandate to convene a two day congress starting the 11th of april 2009 .
judge james robertson of the u.s. district court for the district of columbia ruled that the u.s. military had failed to convene a competent tribunal to determine that hamdan was not a prisoner of war under the geneva conventions —
on june 29 , on request of governor paterson , justice joseph c. teresi ordered the state senators to convene together on june 30 .
the fourth ballot would be to ask voters whether they want to convene a national constituent assembly for the purpose of writing a new constitution .
it was announced at the conclusion of his meetings that a research group from the two countries will convene in early january 2010 to establish a tunnel building committee .
at such times the church deemed it necessary to convene a general or " great " council of all available bishops throughout the world .
casc summer leadership conferences convene up to 1,000 students and advisors at multi - day training conferences held on college campuses such as stanford university and university of california , santa barbara .
the universal proclaimed that the constituent assembly would convene on .
like bedhead in its later years , the new year has no real base of operations , but consists of members who live in many locations all over america who write songs by trading tapes through the mail and convene every few years to record and tour .
to that end , yjil and fpil periodically convene panels , workshops , and talks on diverse topics with guests including yale faculty , practicing international lawyers , distinguished alumni , and other campus visitors .
he asks captain ericsson to stand by while he asks delenn to convene the league of non - aligned worlds and show them the footage .
additionally , newport news has its own general district and circuit courts which convene downtown .
in search of a bold political gesture , the president turned to article ii , section 3 , of the constitution , which provides that the president " may , on extraordinary occasions , convene both houses [ of congress ] , or either of them . "
the seizure in 1775 of the virginia colony 's gunpowder supply in williamsburg on orders of the royal governor , in what became known as the gunpowder incident , prompted the westmoreland committee of safety to convene at the court house on may 23 , 1775 .
the madison courier reported in 1895 that squire van antwerp 's court will convene september 24 . "
tribunes had the power to convene the plebeian council and to act as its president , which also gave them the right to propose legislation before it .
starting in 2005 every captive remaining in guantanamo had an administrative review board convene to make a recommendation as to whether it made sense to hold them in detention .
throughout the year , there are other opportunities for the members of the international youth climate movement to convene .
in 1986 gesto por la paz ( known in english as association for peace in the basque country ) was founded ; they began to convene silent demonstrations in communities throughout the basque country the day after any violent killing , whether by eta or by gal .
the council , which was only able to convene in 1924 due to the turkish war of independence , adopted the music composed by ali rıfat çağatay .
the legislators passed a law which stated that a new parliament should convene at least once every three years — without the king 's summons , if necessary .
the governor has the authority to call on the general assembly to convene a special session if legislators are unable to complete necessary work within time alloted by the regular sessions .
sometimes nations convene official negotiation processes to settle an issue or dispute between several nations which are parties to a dispute .
on the first saturday of november , over 10,000 " chiliheads " convene in terlingua for two annual chili cookoffs : the and the frank x. tolbert / wick fowler world chili championships .
the emperor 's tribuneship granted him the right to convene the senate at his will and lay proposals before it , as well as the ability to veto any act or proposal by any magistrate , including the tribune of the plebians .
on november 17 , 1958 , the day parliament was to convene , a military coup occurred .
some believe mckay 's dismissal was retribution for his failure to convene a federal grand jury to investigate allegations of voter fraud in the race . "
the centennial convention , called " reflects on rich past , looks toward bright future " , began on capitol hill with congressman and fraternity member david scott stating to the house of representatives ; " this week men from every discipline and geographic location convene to chart and plan for the fraternity ’s future , celebrate its 100th anniversary , and reinvigorate its founding principles of scholarship , fellowship , good character , and the uplifting of humanity . "
without a quorum , it could not convene so yuan disbanded it on 10 january 1914 .
according to eliza griswold in the " the new republic " their status is determined by the base commander , who may convene a more secret , less formal , less thorough procedure called an " enemy combatant review board " .
since congress did not convene until december , and veazey 's initial term expired on december 31 , no effort was made to confirm veazey for the short initial term , instead president harrison sent a nomination for a full six year term to the senate , to expire december 31 , 1895 .
a conference committee was scheduled to convene , but did n't until 28 february 1996 , by which time external events had taken over .
there were no reports of government harassment of the zoroastrian community in 2006 ; however , the community remained unable to convene a spiritual assembly to manage its religious affairs for fear of official retaliation , and there were reports of discrimination in employment and education .
one approach would be to require all us senate committees ( other than the senate foreign relations committee ) and all house committees possessing oversight jurisdiction over the many issues and subject matters covered by a given multilateral treaty instrument , to first convene open and transparent public hearings to substantively review the regulatory dimensions of a such an instrument , before the treaty is forwarded by the senate foreign relations committee to the full senate for a ratification / accession vote .
this democratization of south america found a symbol in the oas 's adoption of resolution 1080 in 1991 , which requires the secretary general to convene the permanent council within ten days of a coup d'état in any member country .
initially distrusting of her , the goddesses convene among themselves and tell judith that it is all right to go ahead with the reconciliation .
the department of justice had initially claimed it was necessary to convene a new combatant status review tribunal , which might consider new evidence supporting a determination that parhat was indeed an " enemy combatant " .
congressional friends convinced the army in 1873 to convene a court of inquiry , which exonerated him .
bowell was surprised then upon receiving a warm reception in australia , and upon his return in the winter of 1893 reached two decisions designed to enhance canada 's relations with britain 's pacific colonies ; first , it agreed to convene a colonial conference in the summer of 1894 ; and second , it resolved to send john short larke to australia as canada 's first trade commissioner .
in this 10-day springtime event , sculptors from israel and around the world convene at montfort lake to create stone sculptures from huge blocks of stone .
national leadership development conference ( nldc)- a leadership development weekend which invites the executive board of each chapter , alumni and the national board to convene on new policies and strategies for the upcoming academic year .
king james had declared the aberdeen assembly seditious , so it did little more than convene then disperse , though the fact it had met at all was in defiance of the king .
nearer towards the game , it is typical for coaches to convene meetings to summarise the findings of these reports and the approach recommended to the players .
it is required to convene on the second wednesday of january each year .
the judges of the supreme court of norfolk island are generally appointed from among justices of the federal court who may sit on the australian mainland or they may convene the court on norfolk island depending on the type of matter they may be dealing with .
according to jewish law , it is forbidden to convene a court of justice on a holy day , such as pesach ( passover ) , making it highly unusual that religious jews would have come together to hand down a death sentence on the stated day .
they quickly came to an agreement regarding florence , which had angered julius by allowing louis to convene the council of pisa in its territory .
most cases are heard by a panel of three justices although the chief justice may convene a larger panel in exceptional circumstances .
the members of the electoral college are elected by the people in november once every four years in a general election ; on the monday after the second wednesday in december , electors convene in their respective state capitals ( and the district of columbia ) and in turn elect the president of the united states .
the original administrators felt it necessary to have an information source on such a unique truck as well as a place for enthusiasts to convene and share tips .
the 1964 arab league summit in cairo was held on january 13 in cairo as the first arab league summit ever to convene at the headquarters of the arab league in cairo .
despite the opposition , mil managed to persuade the defence minister 's first deputy , marshal andrey a. grechko , to convene an expert panel to look into the matter .
the two readers convene for a consensus audit to resolve any potential discrepancies .
unlike the medieval gardens depicted above , these gardens were ornate outdoor spaces where members of the court could convene and cool themselves from the intense heat of the sun .
when it was decided to convene an imperial conference in the spring of 1923 , king resolved to use the occasion to repudiate the whole notion of an imperial foreign policy .
in 1377 , john had another parliament convene , the bad parliament .
on 26 october 1605 hoxton achieved notoriety , when a letter arrived at the home of local resident william parker , lord monteagle warning him not to attend the parliament summoned by james i to convene on 5 november , because ... " yet i say they shall receive a terrible blow , the parliament , and yet they shall not see who hurts them . " .
convene .
the 2009 honduran constitutional crisis was a political dispute over plans to rewrite the constitution of honduras , which culminated in the forcible removal and exile of honduran president manuel zelaya by the honduran military acting on orders of honduras ' supreme court , preempting a poll whether to hold a referendum to convene a constituent assembly to change the constitution which was opposed by the legislative branch and which honduras ' supreme court had ruled unconstitutional .
after all votes are collected , the legislature of oklahoma shall convene in the hall of the house of representatives and the speaker of the house of representatives announce the results of the elections in the presence of a majority of each branch of the legislature .
the losing team are dispatched outside and usually convene at the bridge end café to conduct a post mortem .
on 12 march 2003 , eight days before the 2003 invasion of iraq , the new york - based center for constitutional rights , in coalition with greenpeace , called upon un member states to convene a general assembly ' emergency special session ' ( ess ) , under the terms of the assembly 's own ' uniting for peace ' resolution , in the hope that the un " unites as a whole to defend its founding principles and stop the impending attack on iraq " .
it was no longer practical to convene all the macedonians in a single general assembly , and the answer to this problem was the creation of four regional districts , each with a regional assembly .
it follows the lives of six men over a period of months as they convene weekly in a self - help style group .
teasdale served the parliament of the world 's religions by sitting on its board of trustees , where he worked with others in order to convene the centenary parliament of 1993 in chicago .
as the parliament buildings had been lent to the universal postal union for its 14th congress , diefenbaker was forced to wait until the fall to convene parliament .
during the fourth week in july , amphicar owners convene at grand lake st. marys in western ohio .
upon taking office , paul ii was to convene an ecumenical council within three years .
the complaints of some critics included demands that cambridge convene a special panel to review the book in order to identify errors ( despite existing pre - publication peer review ) , that cambridge transfer their publishing rights to a " non - scholarly publishing house " and that they review their own policies to prevent publication of any book described as " essentially a political tract " in the future .
the " uniting for peace " resolution , adopted 3 november 1950 , empowered the assembly to convene in emergency special session in order to recommend collective measures including the use of armed force — in the event of a breach of the peace or act of aggression .
under these circumstances , tiso spoke by phone to the czechoslovak president emil hácha and to the then prime minister of slovakia , karol sidor , and they agreed to convene the slovak parliament the next day and let it decide .
further complicating negotiations , the dutch cabinet , which would have to approve any deal , did not convene during the summer of 1939 .
instead , miklos horthy was elected regent and was empowered , among other things , to appoint hungary 's prime minister , veto legislation , convene or dissolve the parliament , and command the armed forces .
nearly all of oyanedel 's work was to convene the general elections , which were won by arturo alessandri for his second term in office .
authorities in arizona did not convene a criminal inquest regarding ruth 's death .
anwar said that if abdullah fails to convene the emergency session , he may meet the king tuanku mizan zainal abidin to stake his claim to government .
the sadc leaders ' statement also included the suggestion " that while negotiations are continuing , it may be necessary to convene parliament to give effect to the will of the people " .
members of the congress suggested to sutcliffe that he might like to convene a meeting of people working in a similar field whilst they were all together at the congress , as most had not had a chance to meet like - minded persons outside their own team before .
from time - to - time , the online instructor will assign students to small work groups , and may convene a " live classroom " with guest lectures and outside experts .
in 2001 , the european parliament resolved to convene an international committee to investigate the case .
the governor has a duty to enforce state laws , and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the nevada legislature , to convene the legislature at any time , and , except in cases of treason or impeachment , to grant pardons and reprieves .
whilst plans were being put in place for the formation of this party , besancenot was able to capitalise on the infighting occurring in the ps in the summer of 2008 , as its members prepared to convene at la rochelle for their annual party leadership contest .
valcarcel and wbc president josé sulaimán had a long feud , and thus the wbc was the last organization to convene with the wbo to hold world title unification bouts .
state of play vi : new york law school ’s state of play conference will convene in new york to examine the past , present and future of virtual worlds .
the governor has the duty to enforce state laws , and the power to either approve or veto bill passed by the virginia general assembly , to convene the legislature , and to grant pardons , except in cases of impeachment .
after all votes are collected , the legislature of oklahoma shall convene in the hall of the house of representatives and the speaker of the house of representatives announce the results of the elections in the presence of a majority of each branch of the legislature .
the two sides also proposed to convene a constitutional conference to decide sudan 's political future .
after repeatedly being dogged out of voting on the removal of the capital from omaha , a skirmish pitted representatives from nebraska city , florence , and other communities to convene outside of omaha .
in the aftermath , the secretary general of his party , jorge verstrynge , retired and ruiz - gallardón became the interim secretary general until the party congress could convene .
a pro - gamsakhurdia faction managed to convene for a few times in exile and again in georgia during gamsakhurdia ’s failed attempt to regain power later in 1993 .
at a press conference on april 4 , 2006 , klein announced that as a result of the lukewarm vote for his continued leadership he would submit a letter in september to alberta 's progressive conservative party urging them to convene a leadership contest .
the spanish partisans organized an interim spanish government , the supreme central junta and called for a cortes to convene with representatives from all the spanish provinces throughout the worldwide empire , in order to establish a government with a firm claim to legitimacy .
in 1252 , vardan returned to armenia and began organizing an ecumenical council that would convene in haghpat and dzagavan .
the governor has the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the texas legislature , and to convene the legislature .
big foot , a miniconjou leader on the u.s. army 's list of trouble - making indians , was stopped while en route to convene with the remaining sioux chiefs .
instead the witenagemot , the assembly of the kingdom 's leading notables , would convene after a king 's death to select a successor .
then , on 28 december , she told the fiji village news service that she had requested president ratu josefa iloilo , in his capacity as commander in chief of the military , to intervene to uncover the reasons for the delay in implementing his directive to convene the court martial retrial .
this caused the iraqi ba'ath party to convene the ba'ath extraordinary congress of july 1986 .
stakeholders will convene , proposing legislation that creates new jobs for the new economy .
according to article iv section 13 of the state constitution , a new session of the legislature begins when the members of each house convene on the second wednesday of january every year at noon .
the governor has a duty to enforce state laws , and the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the mississippi legislature , to convene the legislature at any time , and , except in cases of treason or impeachment , to grant pardons and reprieves .
they attempt to frame critical topics and convene leaders and experts from relevant fields to reach constructive solutions .
on june 4 , 1789 , governor george clinton called an extra session of the state legislature to convene on july 6 at city hall in albany , new york .
in 1884 , the centennial of the birth of sir moses montefiore , he moved his congregation to convene the leading jews of new york to mark the event by some practical work : the outcome was the montefiore home for chronic invalids , established in the same year .
it was common for pro - europeans to convene across party and ideological lines with businessmen .
after approving the list of resolutions , delegates created a seven - member central committee to convene future meetings .
through a charitable foundation , leaders of this school convene publicly accessible symposia , publish explanatory analyses , conduct demonstration projects , issue grants , and encourage public awareness and adherence to terasem values and goals .
it is said he received specific instructions from jorge ubico and the liberal party to convene elections quickly .
but the most important part of the act was the provision that a quorum of only one judge was needed to convene a circuit court .
afterwards guests convene at “
the bicameral philippine congress ( senate and the house of representatives ) is in a constituent assembly mode when they formally convene to propose amendments or revisions to the 1987 constitution ; and under article xvii of the constitution of the philippines , upon a vote of three - fourths of all its members .
later in the day of 9 april , the storting was able to convene at elverum and give the cabinet a wide authorization to govern until a storting could again assemble .
pursuant to this law , an new national assembly was selected and on may 18 , 1848 , 809 delegates ( 585 of which were elected ) were seated at st. paul 's church in frankfurt to convene the frankfurt national assembly .
on june 8 , 1989 , the court handed down a 3–2 ruling declaring kentucky 's entire public school system unconstitutional and giving the general assembly until the end of their next legislative session , which would convene in january 1990 , to create a replacement .
tribunal panel 18 did not convene in guantanamo .
the 3,000 + participants convene for four days , simulating their role as delegates to the united nations from a particular nation and serving as representatives of that country 's policies .
when they convene with lemuria 's ancient king , hydros , they learn about alchemy 's true nature ; it has always been the sustenance of weyard 's very life force , and its absence over the past ages has caused the world 's continents to decrease in size and parts of the world to collapse into the abyss .
statewide records are kept for each event , and in the event that one is potentially broken , officials at the track to convene to inspect the equipment used in running the event , as well as the electronic timing equipment .
the proposal must be approved by a licensed insolvency practitioner who will convene a meeting of creditors to consider it .
cornelius ’s next action was to convene a synod of 60 bishops to restate himself as the rightful pope and the council excommunicated novatian as well as all novatianists .
the autograph imperial produced various representations in dalmatian cities : it was particularly the city of split congregation - led by antonio bajamonti - to be distinguished by the bitterness of the protests , sending an appeal to francis joseph to convene the provincial assembly of dalmatia before taking no decision on the constitutional arrangements of the province within the empire .
u.s. attorney william weld announced in january 1986 , that he would convene a national conference " to coordinate a prosecutive and investigative effort " against larouche .
when the un general assembly decided to convene the stockholm conference , at the initiative of the government of sweden , un secretary - general u thant invited maurice strong to lead it as secretary - general of the conference .
when it is fully built , quorum will create a center for entrepreneurs and innovators throughout the region to convene , interact , network and exchange ideas .
each party begins in its own stretch of land , which can not be accessed by the other parties , and must fight their way through three waves of dead front - specific pitborn in order to access the convening stage , in which all four parties will convene and continue the dead front together .
after approving the list of resolutions , delegates created a 7-member central committee to convene future meetings .
during that time , a reputation for professionalism and competence accrued to them , and , in the year following the restructuring of the ysb , the group continued to convene .
according to legend , the skulls of seven convene their initiations and meetings in the tunnels that run beneath campus .
they invited state representatives to convene in philadelphia to discuss improvements to the federal government .
the tribunes could even convene a senate meeting and lay legislation before it and arrest magistrates .
the trial was set for 12 january 1816 , the delay being necessary to allow witnesses to travel from canada , but prévost was already in ill health and died a week before it was due to convene .
chalmers sherwin , a physicist at the university of illinois , suggested a computerised learning system to william everett , the engineering college dean , who , in turn , recommended that daniel alpert , another physicist , convene a meeting about the matter with engineers , administrators , mathematicians , and psychologists .
late , during the nine months it took to convene tribunals for the 558 detainees who remained at guantanamo there was a policy change about allowing detainees to call other detainees as witnesses .
the war ended in august 1945 and de boynes was finally able to convene a general congregation — the 29th — between september 6 and october 23 , 1946 .
keys and other families of british soldiers killed in iraq are also launching a separate legal action if the prime minister does not convene a full , public , and independent inquiry into the legality of the iraq war .
governor harding refused the council 's request that he convene a special session of the iowa general assembly to grant the council legal standing and money to spend .
before announcing the verdict maharaja of travancore asked the diwan ( chief minister ) to convene a meeting of both parties .
in 1302 king edward i of england issued a call to convene the magnates of ireland to assist in an invasion against the scots .
collectors and fans of all ages and genres can also convene to discuss and buy various merchandise of their favorite tv shows , movies , and entertainment including , but not limited to : " star wars " , " star trek " , " the lord of the rings " , " battlestar gallactica " , and " buffy the vampire slayer " .
the chairperson shall also convene the board when requested by a majority of its members .
after all votes are collected , the legislature of oklahoma shall convene in the hall of the house of representatives and the speaker of the house of representatives announce the results of the elections in the presence of a majority of each branch of the legislature .
" emergency measures may be taken only when the national assembly is not in session and when there is no time for it to convene .
however , it gave the parliament the right to convene in case it was not called to sit according to the scheduled date .
annually ssdpers convene for a national conference .
additionally , norfolk has its own general district and circuit courts which convene downtown .
the petition was granted and the pope appointed archbishop francis kenrick of baltimore as apostolic delegate to convene and preside over the council .
the four main characters convene by ones and pairs , get involved with one another , are joined by others , and end up in a final and absurd overall showdown to separate again as in a symbolic act of fertilisation , leaving the dead ( and/or the past ) behind .
in 1991 , the decision of pope john paul ii to convene a synod in rome for all catholic lebanese churches cancelled his project .
during this 6-month period , a loya jirga , or grand council of afghan elders and notables , would convene and designate an interim administration which would hold power up to a year , pending elections .
the increasingly chaotic situation in chad brought nigeria to convene in may a third reconciliation conference , this time held in lagos , to which all factions were invited .
on november 11 , 2007 , leader nurettin demirtaş called on political party leaders to convene a " democracy summit " .
the abernathy home and church were bombed january 1957 , along with mt. olive church , bell street church and the home of rev. robert graetz , the evening that dr. king , dr. abernathy and other ministers were planning to convene to create the southern christian leadership conference ( sclc ) in atlanta , ga. dr. king and dr. abernathy immediately returned to montgomery , leaving mrs. coretta scott king to conduct the first meeting of sclc .
in 1794 , a plan was circulated to convene again , but it never got off the ground .
on 26 april 1954 , ecosoc adopted a resolution to convene a conference of plenipotentiaries to ' regulate and improve the status of stateless persons by an international agreement ' .
when the latter finally decided to convene , " it turned out that lieutenant schmidt had thirty sons , from eighteen to fifty - two years in age , and four daughters , stupid , unattractive and no longer young " .
salleh decided to convene a meeting of all 20 judges from the supreme and high courts in the capital of kuala lumpur .
the house may convene for the purpose of impeachment if two - thirds of the members are in favor of convening for that purpose .
he held the imperial seal and could convene all other viziers to attend to affairs of the state ; the viziers in conference were called " kubbealtı " viziers " in reference to their meeting place , the " kubbealtı " ( ' under the dome ' ) in topkapı palace .
wolsey went so far as to convene an ecclesiastical court in england , with a special emissary from the pope himself , to decide the matter .
as a result , supreme court justices could often rely on district court judges to convene circuit courts .
as baptist churches were established in the virginias and the carolinas , some churches decided to convene regularly for missionary and governmental policy - making , but others did not citing local church authority .
the germans ran the rest of the country , and the danish parliament did n't convene for the remainder of the occupation .
he apparently wished to convene a constituent assembly shortly after taking office , to bring about a restoration of constitutional rule .
the board and the executive director convene monthly in meetings open to the public to review policies , practices , and performance .
another meaning is a subgrouping of officials with shared affinities or ethnicities who convene , often but not always to advocate , agitate , lobby or to vote collectively , on policy .
the institute also serves as a forum where judges , lawyers , and scholars from the state , the nation and the international community can convene for events as varied as a north american symposium on environmental law , whose cosponsors included the united nations environment programme , and a " partners in justice " colloquium , where the judiciary , law school clinical programs , and the bar explored collateral consequences of criminal convictions and ways to improve indigent representation and access to the courts .
decisions are made when the eleven members convene .
in 1978 - 1979 , david gilad of the israel flower board was looking for a location for a rose park that would be the focal point of the international rose congress that was to convene in israel in october 1981 .
in the 1954 constitution , the president of the people 's republic of china ( prc ) could convene supreme national meetings — emergency meetings .
when austria brought the dispute before the german diet and also decided to convene the holstein diet , prussia , declaring that the gastein convention had thereby been nullified , invaded holstein .
he also stated that he would convene a special session every day , including weekends and july 4 , until the senators finish their job .
shortly after making their coalition official , pakistan 's main opposition parties , the pakistan peoples party and the pakistan muslim league ( n ) , on 9 march 2008 called on president pervez musharraf to immediately convene parliament ( majlis - e - shoora ) .
during a typical session of the court , the justices hear oral arguments each morning and convene that afternoon for a private discussion of the cases heard that morning .
the campaign had ended abruptly two days before it was expected to convene as a result of the bombings .
on 24 may 1589 , he was named as the commissioner for inverness - shire who was to convene the freeholders of the county for choosing the commissioners to a parliament to be held at edinburgh on the 2 october in that year .
one of the first steps to take in initiating dealings was to convene with the heads of these african countries .
they convene an " entmoot " , a meeting of the ents of fangorn forest at derndingle .
upon hearing news of the event from foreign minister togo , suzuki immediately said , " let us end the war , " and agreed to finally convene an emergency meeting of the supreme council to end the war .
thus , in the 1998 presidential elections , one of chávez 's electoral promises was to organise a referendum asking the people if they wanted to convene a national constituent assembly .
for example , when faced with complex fact issues in a particular case , attorneys might convene a mini mock trial to try different methods of presenting their evidence , sometimes before a mock jury .
the governor was granted the additional power of the authority to convene a session of the general court .
when the king was not of age or if there was an interregnum , he also could convene the diet .
april 25th 1936 saw the ira convene a court martial in belfast .
upon the reestablishment of the philippine commonwealth in manila in 1945 , general douglas macarthur exerted political pressure on president sergio osmeña to convene congress in formal session .
winning re - election , lincoln pressed the lame duck 38th congress to pass the proposed amendment immediately rather than wait for the incoming 39th congress to convene .
the association ’s primary responsibilities are to convene international permafrost conferences , undertake special projects such as preparing databases , maps , bibliographies , and glossaries , and coordinate international field programmes and networks .
faced with the " fait accompli " , the legislators had no choice but to convene in bismarck ; and , as the bismarck citizens had hoped for , once there , simply decided it was too much work to change the status quo .
the commanders from each element as well as all the department heads convene once a week with the bco , bxo , and cmc .
at this point , the us administration asserted that iraq remained in material breach of the un resolutions , and that , under 1441 , this meant the security council had to convene immediately " in order to consider the situation and the need for full compliance with all of the relevant council resolutions in order to secure international peace and security " .
this angers the stonecutters , who convene their world council and consider killing homer .
after repeated failed attempts at financial reform , louis xvi was persuaded to convene the estates - general , a representative body of the country made up of three estates : the clergy , the nobility , and the commoners .
synod shall convene during the annual 25th january celebrations each year .
walid said bin said zaid 's board was originally to convene on 2 march 2005 .
the emperor agreed with this gloomy assessment , and togo dispatched the emperor 's message to the prime minister , baron kantarō suzuki , who was unable to convene the supreme war council until the next day .
the alaska legislative council is a bipartisan body of state house and senate members who can convene to make decisions when the full legislature is not in session .
it was agreed that the foreign ministers are to convene regularly for political consultations .
the girls convene in the kitchen and start eating cookies after dawn burns the meal she was trying to cook .
the scene where the giants convene outside the hainesville theater was shot at the courthouse square lot at universal studios , where " back to the future " and " gremlins " were later made .
it will convene conferences , produce films , sponsor scientific research and opinion polls , award grants to other non - profit organizations , and offer material support to religious dissidents and public intellectuals — with the purpose of eroding the influence of dogmatism , superstition and bigotry in the world .
these principals of group theory and group interaction continue to be developed and are being effectively applied in all settings where groups of people convene .
if the house does not convene , or not before noon , school ends at 11:30 .
finally in 1996 , the government managed to convene a special national congress in medan .
at a scientific conference , led by al gore , professor farnsworth reveals that beer - powered robots , including bender , are the source of current global warming , and president nixon and professor wernstrom attempt to destroy all robots on earth by tricking them to convene on the galapagos islands for a party , and then bathe the islands in electromagnetic waves from a satellite from space .
they received a permission to convene a council on september 8 , 1943 , that elected sergius patriarch of moscow and all russia .
the event begins with trail rides that originate from several points throughout the state , all of which convene at reliant park for a barbecue cook - off .
the learning labs act as a forum for interested companies , ngos and academics to convene and discuss issues around sustainable innovation and base of the pyramid business development .
he changed the club 's colours from green and gold halves to red and white , but decided it would be more appropriate to convene a meeting of the club 's fans , directors and other interested parties in order to determine a new name for the club .
those prerogatives included the power to appoint and dismiss prime ministers , to convene and dissolve parliament , and to command the armed forces .
they used bonfires to communicate with smoke signs which were previously agreed and these were use to convene different community events .
public concern that nih research become the basis for improved care and greater access to care moved dhew to convene the debakey commission , whose 1964 report stewart used as the basis for phs ’s regional medical program ( the heart disease , cancer , and stroke amendments of 1965 ) .
" calling the assembly together , the conspirators proposed a series of measures by which the democracy was formally replaced with a government of 400 chosen men , who were to select and convene a larger body of 5,000 as time went on .
if congress is not in session it shall , convene without need of a call within twenty - four hours following such proclamation or suspension .
the event begins with trail rides that originate from several points throughout the state , all of which convene at reliant park .
on april 12 pachachi announced that he would convene the assembly again for april 17 in an attempt to break the impasse over the new government .
he poisoned the pope and , under the guise of an illuminati master ( janus ) , he recruited the assassin , a killer fueled by the same zeal and animus towards the church as his ancestors during the crusades , to kill vetra , steal the antimatter , and kidnap and murder the preferiti just as the papal conclave was set to convene .
instead , miklos horthy was elected regent and was empowered , among other things , to appoint hungary 's prime minister , veto legislation , convene or dissolve the parliament , and command the armed forces .
the ability to convene between work and innovation is the most favored gift bestowed upon mankind from allah .
consequently , there are a variety of grass roots community groups and resources for powerbuilder developers to share and convene .
trotsky and others criticized shachtman for failing to convene the resident iec or using its authority to reduce the tensions developing in the swp .
barbossa explains that the brethren court has been summoned to convene on shipwreck cove and feng , being one of the nine pirate lords , is honor bound to attend .
ascaad bod convene in a formal meeting once a year at least .
there was no american benefit to preserving new york city , greene summarized , and recommended that washington convene a war council .
the media now wrote of a change in the public mood and demanded that goetz be tried on the attempted murder and assault charges while suggesting approaches that would allow morgenthau to convene a new grand jury .
the general assembly is composed of delegates from all of the iccrom member states who convene in rome every two years to dictate the organization ’s policies , approve the programme of activities and budget , and elect the council and director - general .
according to release , " the formal designation of the meeting as ' commission ' reflects the fact that the united states had been unsuccessful in its attempts to convene a ' conference ' : this latter status would have conferred upon the meeting the power to draft regulations to which signatory states would be bound by international law " .
usually issued about 18 months in advance , the call is an invitation from the national party to the state and territory parties to convene to select a presidential nominee .
while a civil magistrate is obliged to follow a christian life , and while the magistrate does have the power to convene a church synod for the purposes of admonishing a church or removing it from the communion of churches , the civil magistrate should have no power within the governance of the church itself , nor compel people to attend .
the cabinet has decided to write to the prime minister requesting him to convene a meeting of chief ministers to review the national scheduled tribe policy document of 2006 . ”
on june 29 , 2006 , governor owens called a special legislative session to convene on july 6 , 2006 .
the first session of moldova 's parliament has been scheduled for august 28 , one day short of the deadline for the body to convene .
in 2002 , the learning technology partners , a similar company , bought convene for an undisclosed sum .
the committee 's formation had been called for under article 47 of the united nations charter , and this resolution directed the committee to convene to make proposals for the body 's organization and standard procedures .
the city also holds the great sept of baelor , where the most devout convene with the high septon .
the governor has the sole power and authority to convene the meetings of the council at his discretion .
focas 2007 will convene three distinct roundtables of 20 - 25 invited leaders on the topics of : “ new media , timeless values : content issues ” ; “ media policy and community values ” and “
but among places where people convene to enjoy good food and companionship , i can think of no single room in this wonderfully composed and constructed city that is more stunning , that clears the sinuses more speedily or whips the viewer more persuasively into social attention than martin roche 's cathedral hall . "
in house elections in april 2006 , a constitutional crisis almost occurred when it appeared that the parliament would not be able to convene within the constitutional time limit ( see april 2006 house election results ) .
a majority of qualified voters participating in an election is required to convene a convention .
the two houses convene within the florida state capitol complex in tallahassee .
generalissimo chiang kai - shek wanted to withdraw all forces in the area to defend the rural western regions of shanghai , and ordered gu zhutong , acting commander of the 3rd military region , to leave the 88th division behind to buy time and canvass international support by showing the other nations of the nine powers ( which were to convene on 6 november ) china 's determination to resist the japanese war of aggression .
the original venue of the 19th arab summit was to be sharm el - sheikh , egypt ; however , in mid - january 2007 , amr moussa , secretary - general of the arab league , announced that the summit would convene in riyadh .
an independent panel of international experts then convene to evaluate and select 100 candidates from these entries to be part of the watch list , based on the significance of the urgency of its situation , the viability of proposed remedies , and the site 's overall significance .
despite the objections to a public inquiry the planning office informed all saints on the 23 january 1980 , that they had decided to convene an enquiry .
lvc housemates are required to convene at least once a week for an evening of community , and once each month this evening should focus on spirituality , however that may be understood by volunteers .
instead , admiral miklós horthy— a former commander in chief of the austro - hungarian navy — was elected regent and was empowered , among other things , to appoint hungary 's prime minister , veto legislation , convene or dissolve the parliament , and command the armed forces .
augustus was granted the authority of a tribune ( " tribunicia potestas " ) , though not the title , which allowed him to convene the senate and people at will and lay business before it , veto the actions of either the assembly or the senate , preside over elections , and gave him the right to speak first at any meeting .
on 30 march , in accordance with the israeli basic law , netanyahu informed peres and acting knesset speaker , michael eitan , that he was able to form a government and the knesset was set to convene on 31 march 2009 , in order to vote on the government in a " vote of confidence " and to be sworn in thereafter ..
with the decision made , the dpr can motion for the mpr to convene .
he then points out why " the object - glass of any telescope can not collect all the rays which come from one point of an object , so as to make them convene at its focus in less room than in a circular space , whose diameter is the 50th part of the diameter of its aperture : which is an irregularity some hundreds of times greater , than a circularly figured lens , of so small a section as the object - glasses of long telescopes are , would cause by the unfitness of its figure , were light uniform . "
the leaders of mi6 leave for london to convene , while koskov stays at the manor .
