in the 1950s he played with luis russell , louie bellson , and cozy cole , in addition to copious session work .
" there were also three new members in the band , namely former trapeze guitarist mel galley , former rainbow drummer cozy powell and colin hodgkinson on bass guitar .
the album also boasted the cream of british rock talent , including prolific session drummer ( and national youth jazz orchestra alumnus ) simon phillips , as well as the likes of cozy powell , neil murray , simon kirke , boz burrell and mick ralphs .
the line - up for his performance was may ( lead vocals & lead guitar ) , cozy powell ( drums & percussion ) , mike moran ( keyboards ) , rick wakeman ( keyboards ) , maggie ryder ( backing vocals ) , miriam stockley ( backing vocals ) and chris thompson ( backing vocals ) .
in recent years , cozy mysteries have become popular .
another metromix contributing editor spoke highly of the views and described it as a hotel bar with a cozy feel .
modern cozy mysteries are frequently , though not necessarily in either case , humorous and thematic ( culinary mystery , animal mystery , quilting mystery , etc . )
strangely strange , colosseum ii , albert collins , jimmy nail , mo foster , ginger baker , jim capaldi , vicki brown , cozy powell , the beach boys , gary husband , ozzy osbourne and andrew lloyd webber .
the cozy is similar in design and construction to the 2-seat rutan long - ez .
one reviewer found " elements of victorian mystery and the penny dreadful ( lurid serial stories popular in 19th britain ) , as well as elements of pulp fiction and the cozy mystery " in the series .
as it is presented in the cd booklet , all songs are attributed to tetsuya komuro , cozy kubo , akio togashi , takahiro maeda and randy waldman as it makes no other distinction otherwise .
in 1962 , he met howard e. scott at the cozy lounge in long beach , california .
his associations in the 1950s included louis jordan ( 1951 ) , lucky thompson ( 1953 ) , sy oliver , buddy johnson , cozy cole , mercer ellington , little esther ( 1956 ) , and panama francis ( for a tour of montevideo , uruguay in 1953 ) .
when they returned to the u.s. for the second leg of the use your illusion tour , queen guitarist brian may opened the shows with a band that included cozy powell on drums .
thus , the stadium was built in what was , at the time , the outskirts of boston , in a large rectangular plot , contrasting with the cozy and lopsided block containing fenway park .
carina chocano of the " los angeles times " stated the film " nestles comfortably in that scottish - celtic niche of cozy , overcast , working - class fairy tales that seem to smell faintly of fried fish and beer ... not that " dear frankie " aspires to any kind of hardened realism .
debs believed the afl practiced " organized scabbery " of one union on another , engaged in jurisdictional squabbling , was dominated by an autocratic leadership , and the relationship between union leaders and millionaires in the national civic federation was much too cozy .
sally runs the cozy cone motel .
a variety of cozy inns surround the venues that show the films and everything is within walking distance , allowing the traffic to remain light and keeping the laid - back feel that is synonymous with the festival intact .
cozy dog , ” although there is some debate to the actual origin of the popular snack .
from 1935 to 1936 , he recorded numerous sides under his own name , many of which highlighted some major jazz talents of the period , including roy eldridge , teddy wilson , henry " red " allen , buster bailey , john kirby , chu berry , cozy cole and more .
in contrast to the awe - inspiring interior of trinity church , this hall and its ample gallery were endowed with a cozy and comfortable character in order to encourage attendance .
in the town of spielburg , shameen set up the hero 's tale inn complete with great food , cozy beds and the atmosphere of his homeland in shapeir .
albert has described her books as " cozy mysteries , " because they do not describe much violence or gratuitous behavior .
many of these bars are furnished with nooks and cozy booths encased in rich colors and plush surroundings in hopes their guests will linger .
the song " raising hell " features the drumming of legendary drummer cozy powell based on a rejected song keyboard player geoff nicholls wrote for their black sabbath days .
it ’s cozy and grand at the same time , but not elaborately fussy . "
billie holiday and her orchestra , ( bunny berigan , trumpet ; artie shaw , clarinet ; joe bushkin , piano ; dick mcdonough , guitar ; arthur " pete " peterson , bass ; cozy cole , drums )
in a addition to state of the art recording equipment , the two room facility features very cozy and private environments with 4 fireplaces , 2 complete kitchens and a swinging coffee table .
could max turner , owner of cozy cow dairy , have had a secret he did n’t want to share with his top employee ?
undoubtedly , the site was well chosen , not only because it offered all the facilities and advantages as stage of a main road , but also because it was " pascana " nice and cozy for comfort of the traveler overwhelmed by long distances and poor roads .
to feel cozy surrounded by wolves .
iommi enlisted ex - rainbow drummer cozy powell , long - time keyboardist nicholls and session bassist laurence cottle , and rented a " very cheap studio in england " .
what was originally a fearsome oral tale became a cozy family story with only a hint of menace .
before the creation of the two lake washington bridges , residents commuted to seattle via the gazelle , a small ferry which chugged into cozy cove each morning at 7:15 .
he also was a member of the band forcefield ( 1987 - 1989 ) along with tony martin ( black sabbath ) , cozy powell ( rainbow , black sabbath ) and neil murray ( whitesnake , black sabbath ) .
she has tried to pull pranks like her brother since she wanted to go to the shed , which she thinks is cozy , but she failed .
trumbull traditions include assassins , cornhole , a crier who shouts from the balcony of the cozy dining hall , " it 's six o'clock in trumbull college , and all is well ! " and made announcements of upcoming events .
despite rumours that cozy powell , carmine appice , barriemore barlow , simon kirke or bev bevan would join the group as his replacement , the remaining members decided to disband after bonham 's death .
for the recording of " line up " bonnet managed to enlist several well - known rock musicians including deep purple and whitesnake keyboard player jon lord , whitesnake and rainbow drummer cozy powell , status quo guitarists francis rossi & rick parfitt and whitesnake guitarist micky moody .
kumar aims to capture the cozy feel and stylish look of new york - style theatre bars .
however , he was soon criticized by the " british colonist " ( a paper run by opposition leader amor de cosmos ) for being too cozy with the hbc - backed government .
they save him from certain death and emotions are stirred in their cozy yurt .
cozy powell died before the album was completed .
the modern interior design and the cozy atmosphere of the cafe are also assets to the one and only indoor swimming pool of the island .
a non - affiliated competitor would threaten that cozy relationship .
in portrait art , and generally in commissioned work ( including funeral art ) , the subjects are usually determined by the wishes of the ( adult ) client , so minors are often in the minority , yet in wealthy families especially heirs are ( re)presented as part of their social positioning in view of future marriage and succession , generally either as mini - adults or stereotypical youth , e.g. at play or in cozy home scenes .
sheila is based in santa monica , california in what she refers to as " the cozy cottage . "
in the epilogue , we see gang - du and se - ju living as a family in the rebuilt and cozy - looking snack bar , sometime in the winter .
by and large , the better known novelists such as ngaio marsh produced work that falls more squarely into the province of the traditional or " cozy " detective novel .
in 1992 , murray played with powell and black sabbath 's tony martin , in a new version of cozy powell 's hammer that was short lived .
usually , after work , dave stops for an early - morning beer at murphy 's bar , " the sardine factory " ( the bartender happens to be impersonated by don siegel , who directed eastwood in 5 movies ) , then comes back in his jaguar xk150 to sleep in his cozy little villa hidden in the woods near the sea : rooms rounding a patio with roses and green plants , old time - polished apparent beams , a modern version of the milo 's venus standing in the passage , a rusty huge old penny - farthing stocked behind the living - room couch .
produced by the then - popularmusic producer tetsuya komuro and cozy kubo , it surprisingly did not chart on the oricon .
in his mind , the narrator and his unrequited love are lovers , prepared to be married , " raise a family " , and build " a cozy little home / out in the country / ( with ) the two children , maybe three " .
adam lippes explained that he " wanted the store to feel like home – very comfortable an cozy , with lots of places to sit . "
eventually , he finds his way into a cozy , nearby home , and washes up for bed .
the cozy offers breakfast and lunch during the week and a saturday breakfast menu .
it was around this time that underwood was offered the position of drummer with hot chocolate but after careful deliberation he declined and successfully recommended tony connor for a position which was then held , temporarily , by session drummer cozy powell .
lord , now firmly established as a member of uk rock / oxfordshire mansion aristocracy ( in lord 's case , a home called burntwood , complete with hand - painted challen baby grand piano , previous owner , shirley bassey ) , was asked to guest on albums by friends george harrison ( " gone troppo " from 1982 ) and pink floyd 's david gilmour ( 1983 's " about face " ) , cozy powell ( " octopus " in 1983 ) and to play on an adaptation of kenneth grahame 's classic , " wind in the willows " .
the last was a rock re - mix with a new drum track from cozy powell for the us release of back to the light as a bonus track .
however , one reviewer notes that rich 's books are n't quite as ' cozy ' as the latest offerings , being the product of female experience in earlier decades and different literary influences .
he continued to perform in the 1960s even in famous clubs like the metropole near times square in new york , often playing duets with african american drummer cozy cole though increasingly troubled by back pain .
after they finished recording the album , however , driscoll , gruber , and soule were replaced by cozy powell , jimmy bain and tony carey , who played with dio and blackmore during the subsequent tour ; elf was no more .
to avoid freezing in his shack , he decides to woo miss prissy ( " i need your love to keep me warm . " ) , who lives in a warm , cozy cottage across the way .
harvey 's cube album " writer of songs " , was produced by long term essex music associate john worth , and featured a stellar cast of musicians including ralph mctell , cozy powell , danny thompson , david pegg and rick wakeman ,
cozy yamakoshi served as the company 's product development manager , designing the bike 's frames , coordinating the manufacture of the bikes by japanese manufacturers , and importing the bikes into the us .
he soon began selling trays of the puddings from the cozy shack to his other customers on his delivery route , in addition to the bread .
murray 's next gig came again through a recommendation from clive chaman , touring with cozy powell 's hammer in 1974 and 1975 .
they range from large and modern to small and cozy .
" jeff beck group " is the fourth studio album by the jeff beck group and the second album with the line up of jeff beck , bobby tench , clive chaman , max middleton and cozy powell .
nick pinkerton of the " village voice " writes that stabile " gets interesting scenes [ ... ] though the movie 's vérité is diluted by a cozy , adult - contemporary empathy with those less fortunate . "
in late 1997 , cozy powell approached ritchie blackmore to see if he would be interested in reforming the " rising " line - up of rainbow .
he bought the recipe for the puddings outright from the cozy shack delicatessen in 1967 and opened a small factory in ridgewood , queens .
the ballpark 's dimensions were cozy but symmetrical , giving a nearly equal chance to right and left - handed batters in the " home run derby " series .
bugaboo creek is a family restaurant that you will feel warm and cozy in .
in 1985 , emerson and lake formed emerson , lake & powell with ex - rainbow and session drummer cozy powell .
he has also performed at venues in buffalo , chicago , toronto , sydney , melbourne , cologne , berlin and amsterdam , where he was also a regular at the american book center , until 2007 , when horrible in - house politics there brought this cozy gig to an untimely end .
cozy mysteries usually take place in a small town and often include extra material such as recipes .
in the other hand , princess beach resort is constructed from local and indigenous materials that gives a cozy ambiance .
during its days as enron field , it was also dubbed " ten - run " or " home run " field due to its cozy left - field dimensions .
during the protests a newspaper article in the the san juan star was entitled " welcome to our cozy tropical apartheid " arguing the violations of the civil rights of puerto ricans in vieques - who are us citizens - by the us navy constituted a form of apartheid ..
cozy morley advanced its popularity with his large local following .
in the anchor glass case , simons made millions more through cozy deals with the company wherein the company leased its land , buildings , and equipment from simons .
he said the purchase violated the government 's stated principle of " big market , small government " , adding that it increased uncertainty and sends a very negative signal to the market as a whole ; the civic party criticised the government for damaging public confidence in the capital market , and interfering with the stock exchange 's independence ; a wall street journal editorial said that the hong kong government is further interfering in the market to " cozy up to china 's
the old part of the town is a cozy , picturesque maze of alleys with yellow painted houses , red roofs , and cobblestone streets built in the traditional danish style .
rolla itself is roughly twelve miles north of dawson creek and famed for the cozy , community oriented rolla pub .
she recorded songs on the premore and cozy records labels .
edward guthmann of the " san francisco chronicle " called it " passable entertainment " with " strong production values , excellent costumes and art direction , and a rich color palette that conjures cozy notions of small - town america in the early 20th century , " but he felt it " never matches the 1962 film with its classic performance by the late robert preston .
finally , this criticism is part of a wider criticism of the political class as a cozy , closed world in which the same people make a long career from multiple positions .
1998 also saw the posthumous release of cozy powell 's "
cozy dolan died december 8 , 1958 in his hometown of chicago .
the hall has seats for about nine hundred people , and is very cozy in its appearance .
due to its cozy dimensions ( 340 - 395 - 340 ) , pitchers had to work hard to make sure their eras would at least be below five .
he ran right up to his cozy den
shortly before releasing it as single , may played it on the guitar legends concert in october 1991 , having a super - group backing him : cozy powell on drums , neil murray on bass , steve vai on rhythm guitar , rick wakeman and mike moran on keyboards , maggie ryder , miriam stockley and chris thompson on backing vocals .
parallel to a judas priest sound - check days before the event a test of cozy powell ’s pyrotechnics resulted in an explosion heard some three miles away , that blew out all the p.a. and caused £ 18,000 worth of damage to the stage set - up .
by 1998 , tom murdough , the founder of little tikes who had left the company to start competitor step 2 , had pointed out that the cozy coupe 's design was becoming dated , looking " somewhat like the vw beetle in looks and design " , reflecting what was " a great design for its time , but it also looks like it was designed in the 70 's .
kevin allman of the washington post called ‘ ’a beautiful blue death’’ “ a fine specimen of the genre ” and noted that “ particularly good is [ finch ’s ] delineation of lenox ’s cozy - but - proper relationship with lady jane . " ‘
thrushes have been trapped for food from as far back as 12,000 years ago and an early reference is found in the " odyssey " : " then , as doves or thrushes beating their spread wings against some snare rigged up in thickets — flying in for a cozy nest but a grisly bed receives them .
in the 1940s he played with coleman hawkins ( 1940 ) , red allen ( 1940 - 41 ) , joe sullivan ( 1942 ) , raymond scott ( 1942 - 43 ) , cootie williams ( 1944 ) , barney bigard ( 1944 - 45 ) , benny morton ( 1945 ) , and cozy cole ( 1945 ) .
it 's been made in a certain way , and designed to be read a certain way : in an armchair , nice and cozy next to a fire , with a steaming cup of coffee . "
stretched tents , decor and pillows were used to create a cozy , intimate environment ideal as an alternative to the riverside stage .
in his words : " god lives in a cozy home . "
in february 1987 , york started his first series of " superdrumming " featuring ian paice , louie bellson , cozy powell , gerry brown and simon phillips .
the tradition took 2 years off in 1995 and 1996 to help mike " cozy " baker form the mirage sr .
the cartoon opens with adorable pussyfoot making herself a cozy little bed on a pillow , when her nap is quickly interrupted by a swift kick from claude 's foot .
moran is currently working on a book on the benefits of building smaller " cozy " homes .
cozy powell died on april 5 , 1998 following a car crash while driving his saab 9000 at 104 mph in bad weather on the m4 motorway near bristol .
in 1958 , drummer cozy cole had a number three pop hit with his version of the instrumental .
this comes as a bit of bad news to the angel aziraphale ( who was the angel of the garden of eden ) and the demon crowley ( who , when he was originally named crawly , was the serpent who tempted eve to eat the apple ) , respectively the representatives of god and satan on earth , as they 've actually gotten quite used to living their cozy , comfortable lives and , in a perverse way , actually have taken a liking to humanity .
rifkin 's concept of connectivity is displayed in the dutch peoples ' quest for gezellig ( meaning a cozy , inclusive environment ) , as well as the social market theories that have dominated french and german economic planning since wwii .
the stylish but cozy interior , the informal decorous intimacy of people 's manners , the curious and delightful details everywhere one turns one 's eye , the luxury of sipping chocolate : all are " galante . "
to cash in on his chart success the drummer formed cozy powell 's hammer in april 1974 .
there was a period of uncertainty as to who would be in the ' new ' whitesnake , though cozy powell was definitely coming in to replace ian paice .
the corn dog on a stick was invented in the city under the name " cozy dog , " although there is some debate to the actual origin of the popular snack .
ronnie james dio and geezer butler joined tony iommi and cozy powell in the fall of 1990 to begin working on the next black sabbath release .
with louis armstrong ; yank lawson , trumpet ; trummy young and jack teagarden , trombone ; edmond hall , and barney bigard , clarinet ; george dorsey , hilton jefferson , alto sax ; bud freeman , seldon powell , lucky thompson , tenor sax ; dave mcrae , baritone - bass sax , bass clarinet ; billy kyle , dick cary , earl hines , piano ; everett barksdale , george barns , guitar ; arvell shaw , squire gersh , bass ; barrett deems , sid catlett , cozy cole , kenny john , drums ; velma middleton , vocals
tilt ( cozy powell album ) .
the second is known as " cozy corner " , a bar and grill . "
also , the intro drum solo bears striking similarity to the cozy powell 1973 single " dance with the devil " .
cozy caterpillars is an opportunity for kids to create elaborate creepy crawlies with recycled paper products .
early recordings of the piece by artists other than lewis include performances by adrian rollini , frankie trumbauer , classical harpsichordist sylvia marlowe , theater organist george wright ( with drummer cozy cole , under the title " organ boogie " ) , and bob zurke with bob crosby 's orchestra .
in the 1913 midseason byrne was traded by pittsburgh along with pitcher howie camnitz to the philadelphia phillies in exchange for utility cozy dolan and cash considerations .
many powerful teamster officials had lost multiple salaries , been removed from office for corruption , or saw their cozy relationship with employers threatened .
many of the stories leave the cozy confines of the traditional western and lean toward noir - western territory .
with founder ritchie blackmore retaining only ronnie james dio from the previous album , he recruited keyboard player tony carey , bassist jimmy bain and drummer cozy powell to complete the new line - up .
in czech , ' pohoda ' means cozy , ease , tranquility and well - being .
her slacker - cozy involving reluctant detective chellis beith was published by biblioasis in 2009 , and was a globe & mail best of the year selection .
on january 23 , 1894 , at the ripe old age of almost 84 , he died in his bright cozy , bachelor home in frederiksberg .
this would be graham bonnet and cozy powell 's last appearance with rainbow .
disagreements over financial matters led to cozy powell leaving the band for emerson , lake & powell .
loft story became a craze when it was screened , but as it went on , it became extremely criticized , mocked and belittled by the media : the premise of ordinary young people being filmed most of the time in a cozy loft ( and letting themselves out , they got a reputation of being stupid ) , being voted off by people on phones and getting to win money at the end , got it called high - rate " garbage tv " .
if the player got there without interacting with the wolf , they arrive safe and sound , cozy up next to grandmother , and are sent back to the apartment .
in 1990 , the 4th series of " superdrumming " was held in freiburg , germany with drummers ian paice , jon hiseman , cozy powell and york .
" borozó " usually denotes a cozy old - fashioned wine tavern , " pince " is a beer or wine cellar and a " söröző " is a pub offering draught beer and sometimes meals .
today , podgora is a modern tourist destination , with favorable climate , the pebbly beaches and cozy bays with the sea which is relatively warm very early in the year .
other music from the film is a mix of 1960s and 1970s british rock ( the kinks , t.rex , the move , the sweet , the troggs , arthur brown , cloud 69 , cozy powell ) , new wave ( adam ant , xtc ) and uk and american indie ( the fratellis , eels ) .
kozy ( originally pronounced as " cozy " ) is a talk / oldies radio station broadcasting on 1320 am in grand rapids , minnesota .
the cozy environment for study is well presented before the students so as to psychologically suit the students with different tastes .
" licker bottle cozy " , was the second ep by the australian rock band grinspoon , released in 1996 .
from then until he died twenty years later hines recorded endlessly both solo and with jazz notables like cat anderson , harold ashby , barney bigard , lawrence brown , jaki byard ( they recorded duets in 1972 ) , benny carter , buck clayton , cozy cole , wallace davenport , eddie " lockjaw " davis , vic dickenson , roy eldridge , duke ellington ( duets in 1966 ) , ella fitzgerald , panama francis , bud freeman , stan getz , dizzie gillespie , paul gonsalves , stephane grappelli , sonny greer , lionel hampton , coleman hawkins , johnny hodges , helen humes , budd johnson , jonah jones , gene krupa , ellis larkins , marian mcpartland ( duets in 1970 ) , ray nance , oscar peterson ( duets in 1968 ) , russell procope , pee wee russell , jimmy rushing , stuff smith , rex stewart , maxine sullivan , buddy tate , jack teagarden , clark terry , sarah vaughan , joe venuti , earle warren , ben webster , teddy wilson ( duets in 1965 & 1970 ) , jimmy witherspoon , jimmy woode and lester young .
sheila had a hilarious segment on the show called the cozy couch , which she informs you of " trivial and mundane " from women 's magazines .
he discovered the cozy shack delicatessen on seneca avenue in brooklyn , which happened to be one of his delivery stops .
lonnie has worked with a list of greats like chris caffery of trans siberian orchestra , cozy powell , wrathchild america , and many more .
among the others he banned were new york giants players phil douglas and jimmy o'connell , philadelphia phillies pitcher gene paulette , giants coach cozy dolan , and ( in 1943 ) phillies owner william b. cox .
all common areas are on the first floor with cozy atmospheres .
everyone loves this new beer , saying that it makes them feel warm , secure and cozy on the inside .
cozy powell .
the cosy classic is the european version of cozy iii , changed to a forward opening canopy and other modifications .
no . 4 ) to remark that the pair 's films “ are far removed from miss adair ’s more cozy world of " crossroads " , but not in fact so far from walton ’s world of the wrestling mat ! ” .
he wrote the cozy celia grant horticultural mystery series , amongst others .
fillory has been described as an " edward gorey - realized narnia , " and " a place stuffed with wonder , from the enormous velveteen ' cozy horse ' that can convey all the children at once to a group of talking bunnies who like to take tea . "
for the next album , " long live rock ' n ' roll " , blackmore kept the drummer cozy powell and dio but replaced the rest of the band .
; it concludes that the novel is “ " the literary equivalent of herbal tea and a cozy fire " ” .
despite fame and fortune , jessica remains a resident of cabot cove , a cozy coastal town in maine , and maintains her links with all of her old friends , never letting her success go to her head .
the cumulative effect of the several changes to the tale since its original publication was to transform a fearsome oral tale into a cozy family story with an unrealized hint of menace .
the cozy dog drive in is a restaurant located in springfield , illinois which claims to be the first place to serve the corn dog .
cozy ( sidecar ) .
culinary mysteries are usually seen as a type of ' cozy ' : escapist , enjoyable mysteries just right for reading by the fire .
orders were at once issued to sister mary , in this instance the army and all the appurtenances thereof , who cheerfully left her ' child 's life of queen bess ' and the cozy fireside to follow her captain over the alps — no mean undertaking — and afterward to pay for her loyalty , poor little soul , by a week in bed .
the relationships between the various associates in oswald 's extended trading empire grew so cozy that john levett was corresponding with oswald about the marble chimney - piece sculptures that his brother francis levett was purchasing on oswald 's behalf in livorno , italy , where francis levett was then living as an english merchant .
bonnet and cozy powell would leave after this , powell would go on to join former deep purple members in whitesnake .
among the others he banned were new york giants players phil douglas and jimmy o'connell , philadelphia phillies pitcher gene paulette , giants coach cozy dolan , and ( in 1943 ) phillies owner william d. cox .
" octopuss " is the third solo album by english drummer cozy powell , released in 1983 .
meanwhile , the already - fragmented listener pie got even more fragmented thanks to several new fm competitors in the early 1980s , including album - rocker wllz ( now wvmv ) , top 40 whyt ( now wdvd ) , the resurgent wdrq ( now an urban contemporary station after a disastrous try at all - disco from 1978 to 1980 ) , urban wjlb ( which moved from am 1400 to fm 97.9 in 1980 ) , and dick purtan 's new home , " cozy - fm " wczy - fm ( which was reinventing itself as an adult - leaning top 40 ) .
cozy powell - drums on " business " , " china belle " , " the guv'nor " , " slow down " , " one rainy wish " , and " all the way from memphis " , drums and percussion on " why do n't we try again ? "
a u.s. reaction to the cozy conventionality of british murder mysteries was the american " hard - boiled " school of crime writing of raymond chandler , dashiell hammett , and mickey spillane , among others .
o'connell admitted making the offer and implicated giants coach cozy dolan in the scheme .
he was rehabilitated with the aid of nigel watson , the late cozy powell and other friends , and then began touring and recording with the splinter group .
hemu is hurt further when he discovers his teenage daughter getting cozy with an african student named silver .
a highlight of the night was cozy powell dressed as a domino 's pizza delivery boy playing drums with sorum .
by 1985 , its ratings were down , and koax changed calls to kqzy ( " cozy 105.3 " ) that year , evolving the format from beautiful music to soft ac .
sizzly romance blooms among the cozy sheltering palms .
the stadium , which underwent two phases of renovation , is perfect for an exciting athletic atmosphere inside its cozy confines .
the rest of their band consisted of ginny whitaker ( drums ) , larry mcdonald ( bass guitar ) , chris bowman ( lead and rhythm guitar ) , rick hinkle ( lead and rhythm guitar on " pac - man fever , " " mousetrap , " and " goin' berserk " ) , mike stewart ( moog synthesizer on " mousetrap " and " goin' berserk " ) , and david " cozy " cole ( syndrum ) .
it was cozy enough for a nap ... a long nap .
downtown palmer lake , though small , features cozy restaurants , a library , town hall , and an historical museum .
a tea cosy ( " american english " tea cozy ) is a cover for a teapot , traditionally made of cloth or wool , which is used to insulate the tea , keeping it warm while it brews .
yeah , but its the smell of the mothballs and seeing the knitted toaster cozy , a note that says i love my granddaughter .
instead of quaint cottages , there 's generic tract housing ; instead of lush landscapes , concrete patios ; instead of a cozy village , there 's a bland collection of homes with nothing -- not a church , not a cafe , not even a town square -- to draw them together . "
the boarding - school sat in a wide , cozy building , built in an ecologically clear area with excellent communication with the main town pleven and with the other centers in the region .
cozy powell unfortunately was killed in a motor vehicle accident in 1998 .
willowbend is a cozy , well kept neighborhood of middle class americana .
douglass never took private drum lessons , but eventually made the acquaintance of cab calloway drummer cozy cole , who used to allow douglass to watch him practice .
cozy dog is a popular attraction on u.s. route 66 .
back in the minors in 1930 , hauser played for the baltimore orioles of the international league and regained his hitting touch , slamming a then - professional record of 63 home runs in one season , in the cozy confines of oriole park .
plans were to build numerous buildings housing condo - hotels , luxurious five - star mountain lodge hotels , conference center , and many cobblestone streets filled with designer boutiques and cozy brasseries .
after having formed the cozy quartet she was then noticed by hampton hawes , who was stationed in yokohama with his military band , and brought to the attention of oscar peterson .
they have also unique and cozy cottages and with big function halls that caters weddings , birthdays , seminars and others .
" aleph " is the older camp with cozy bunks that have bathrooms but not showers , and many apple trees .
thus the same " poppy yellow " can become either the hot blooded and active " amber rage " , the cozy and peaceful " late afternoon sunshine " , or the wealth evoking " sierra gold " .
their powerful lineup took full advantage of the cozy dimensions of their downtown ballpark , and their outstanding two - man pitching staff of larry corcoran and fred goldsmith helped hold down the opposition scoring .
at age seven , moore saw his first live nightclub comic , cozy morley , at club avalon in wildwood n.j ..
in his early teens he studied drums with william kessler , who was the ghostwriter for cozy cole , one of the famous big - band drummers .
the album was originally to be done with drummer cozy powell , but he was in a horse riding accident , which broke his pelvis .
relationships between government bureaucrats and companies are often cozy . is the institutionalised practice where japanese senior bureaucrats retire to high - profile positions in the private and public sectors .
quesitos are sold at bakeries and " bomboneras " ( literally cozy sweet boxes , a word also used to refer to sweet shops selling this type of item ) .
his family moves into a house on triggerfish lane in a cozy subdivision .
diane roback , of publishers weekly reviewed the book saying , " along with inviting , cozy details ( a wood - beamed ceiling , bright textiles and overstuffed sofas ) , she includes a fish - shaped planter , a bird in a bell jar , etc .
they played every venue in town , from the showcase catalyst , to the very cozy crossroads , to down - to - earth spots like the veteran 's hall .
their tagline was " cozy up with kozy books " .
the cozy dog drive in has been a springfield route 66 staple since 1950 .
when the 4-place was announced , the qualification of the cozy iii name was required .
between late 1992 and early 1993 , powell put together an occasional touring band using the old band name ' cozy powell 's hammer ' featuring himself on drums , neil murray on bass , mario parga on guitar and tony martin on vocals and occasional rhythm guitar / synth module .
cecil kellaway is just a bit too cozy and clean as miss turner 's middle - aged spouse .
cozy powell died on april 5 , 1998 following a car crash while driving his saab 9000 at 104 mph in bad weather on the m4 motorway near bristol .
in 2009 , a cozy coupe was added to the collection of the crawford auto - aviation museum in celebration of the coupe 's 30th anniversary .
not only was memorial park small ( a cozy capacity of some 900 , all on wooden benches ) , but the quakertown blazers of the atlantic collegiate baseball league and even the local american legion team were given schedule priority over the black diamonds .
in 1997 tipton released his first solo album " baptizm of fire " , featuring a host of well - known musicians including john entwistle , billy sheehan , cozy powell , robert trujillo and don airey , among others .
the other known version of this song has a new drum track from cozy powell as a bonus track on the us release of " back to the light " .
he has also worked with kawamura ryuichi and cozy murakami among others .
main buildings on the campus included wallingford hall , clover hall , rogers hall , grace cottage , the gymnanisium , headmasters ' cottage , west cottage , cozy cottage , and north cottage .
it was apparent that the interest in bulldog baseball had easily outgrown its cozy dudy noble field facility .
cole is cited as an influence by many contemporary rock drummers , including cozy powell , who part named himself after cole .
gezellig is used frequently by dutch speakers and is one of the most important dutch words because it describes the ideal cultural setting , one that is cozy and inclusive .
hutz tells her to use more positive descriptions when selling the houses , such as " cozy " instead of " small " .
the cozy mkiv plans include a maximum gross weight of 2050 lb .
since the late 1990s , copenhagen has undergone a transformation from a cozy scandinavian capital to a cool metropolitan city of international scope in the league of cities like barcelona and amsterdam .
he also replaced cozy powell in bedlam ( where he played with the brothers dave and denny ball , plus singer frank aiello ) .
in 1971 he recorded an album , " clowns " , including songs he had co - written with tom paxton , and session musicians including mike de albuquerque and cozy powell .
the best of cozy powell .
this also saw the reunion of black sabbath 's " tyr "- era lineup from 1990 , with the return of neil murray and cozy powell .
however , in the third installment of the franchise , " austin powers in goldmember " , mr. bigglesworth is not seen once in the entire length of the film , except for promotional shots , the school flashback to when he still had hair as a kitten , where he was played by baby bigglesworth of cozy kittens cattery .
ken yamakoshi , son of cozy yamakoshi , is in the process of re - launching parkpre in the us .
cozy ( genre ) .
the cozy mark iv is a 4-seat , single engine , homebuilt light aircraft designed by nat puffer .
driscoll was replaced with veteran hard rocker cozy powell .
he described his good health " chirky " and his park avenue apartment as " a cozy higgledy - piggledy .
unfortunately , philadelphia 's cozy baker bowl proved to be a fertile hitting ground for phillies opponents as well , and in , the team surrendered 1199 runs , a major - league record still standing today .
the legendary village of wise fools , moira , is a cozy hamlet well located in the heart of bardez , cuddled on either side by the mapusa river branch of mandovi and its uskoi branch . "
life is cozy for the two until one day
as they share a cozy ride in a carriage , michael makes overtures to having feelings for julie .
after that group split in 1975 he and greg ridley joined drummer cozy powell to form strange brew .
cozy baker collected kaleidoscopes and wrote books about a few of the artists who were making them in the 1970s through 2000 .
during the late 1970 's hitachi sponsored two mazda rx3 rotary engined saloon cars in the highly successful radio one production saloon car championships with drivers cozy powell , a top rock drummer and dave lee travis , then a radio one dj .
after being introduced to beck by bassist clive chaman during 1970 he played keyboards on the third jeff beck group album rough and ready and the fourth so - called " orange album " jeff beck group in a line - up with chaman , vocalist and guitarist bobby tench and drummer cozy powell .
located in algarve barrocal , surrounded by nature , an area of vegetation luxurios translucent water sources and a welcoming people make querença a cozy place to holiday and relax .
he 's corrupt enough to be cozy with the mob , rich enough to afford friends in the highest places , and ruthless enough to kill anything that stands in his way .
after cozy powell decided to fold hammer , murray and airey joined a revamped version of the british jazz rock band colosseum , named colosseum ii .
jaquiss thinks " the oregonians failure to follow up on leads that both he and " oregonian " reporters had received was a case of " one - newspaper towns being a little too cozy with local power brokers . "
the report found a too - cozy relationship between management at the dcaa and some of the contractors they are assigned to audit , including boeing .
she began to organise the business aspects of his career , and bruce contributed as a session musician to recordings by cozy powell , gary moore and jon anderson to raise money .
company founders don green and michael budman both went to summer camp in algonquin park , ontario , and were so moved by their experience of active living in the canadian outdoors that they designed a line of clothing to capture the very best of that feeling : comfortable walking shoes , cozy sweatshirts , canadian workman socks , and , of course , the beaver logo ... "
" resurrection " is credited to brian may for the words and to brian may , cozy powell and australian guitarist jamie page for the music .
after playing with bernie marsden in cozy powell 's hammer , murray had played on a couple of tracks on babe ruth 's album " stealing home " , prior to marsden joining two members of deep purple in paice , ashton & lord .
in 1934 he put together his first big band , which at times included teddy wilson , cozy cole , johnny russell , benny carter , ben webster , eddie durham , ram ramirez , and taft jordan .
more than three decades later the two were rarely apart , and mr. pinter turned soft , even cozy , when he talked about his wife " .
as henry leaves , betty starts noticing all those fancy designs and as she runs into christina she get cozy around her as well .
mckechnie 's nostalgic charms in its city neighborhood appeal to many baseball traditionalists and ballpark enthusiasts , and some consider the cozy facility " florida 's spring training fenway . "
her series exposed the occupational safety and health administration ’s lax enforcement of regulations and highlighted the cozy relationship between safety regulators and builders .
they sit with their friend and assistant arshad in their small but cozy office , waiting for any case to walk through the door .
“ bubble gang ’s ” ogie alcasid & ara mina play the husband & wife whose cozy condo is turned into a domicile of doom by the creature .
although the round lake library is housed in cozy quarters , it is prepared to meet the needs of its residents and patrons in the twenty - first century .
nlpc unearthed evidence of cozy dealings between darleen druyun and boeing .
he lived in a cozy loft apartment which was another common setting for the stories .
