in this system , credentials exist not to identify elite members to outsiders , but only to each other .
ambassador viotti presented her credentials to un secretary - general ban ki - moon on 25 july 2007 .
in 2000 he was advised to resign his ministerial credentials by his own son , brian houston the national president of the assemblies of god in australia , after houston confessed to the sexual abuse of young ( under - age ) male members of his new zealand congregation 30 years earlier .
a strong advising program guided the curriculum 's transformation from an intellectual free - for - all of courses often taught by teachers with sharply varying credentials to a smaller , more rigorous set of offerings taught by professionals , often bearing the highest degree in their fields .
the behavior analyst certification board issues credentials for behavior analysts nationwide , although state regulations vary as to whether or not a person can represent themselves as a behavior analyst .
these suppliers ' credentials ( qualifications ) and history are analyzed , together with the products or services they offer .
his ministerial credentials with the church were revoked in 1938 .
she also said that she did n't think the middle - aged , male beltway gang , at the time calling for clinton 's head over sexual misconduct , actually had the credentials or personal experience to know sexual harassment when they saw it .
kirk white ( born may 21 , 1962 ) is a pagan author and leader in establishing a seminary system and pastoral counseling credentials for the neopagan faith .
the chief justice and the other justices of the court serve as deputies of the governor general for the purpose of giving royal assent to bills passed by parliament , signing official documents or receiving credentials of newly appointed high commissioners and ambassadors .
probation officers are usually issued a badge or some other form of credentials and , in some cases , may carry concealed weapons or pepper spray for self protection or serve arrest warrants .
they also argued the green credentials of wind farms were a myth because large amounts of coal - fired energy was needed to power up generators to full capacity after a drop in wind speed .
he received an appointment on october 1 , 2001 and presented his credentials on october 26 , 2001 .
religious credentials .
his attempts to appeal to the japanese by using his nazi membership credentials only delayed them ; but that delay allowed hundreds of refugees to escape .
he presented his credentials to the united nations secretary - general ban ki - moon on july , 2007 .
kumalo was subsequently appointed as south africa 's permanent representative to the united nations ; he presented his credentials as permanent representative on april 21 , 1999 .
presented credentials as a democratic member - elect to the fifty - seventh congress and served from march 4 , 1901 , until june 28 , 1902 , when the seat was declared vacant .
the credentials committee , headed by patricia roberts harris , rejected the entire elected delegation , including elected women and minorities , and seated an unelected delegation led by chicago alderman william s. singer , jesse jackson and pledged to george mcgovern .
the use of groundwater as a source of renewable energy will greatly boost the library 's " green credentials " by lowering its co2 emissions .
the iranian diplomat had been issued with diplomatic credentials by suleiman i of persia ( shah 1666 - 1694 ) and opened negotiations with king christian v of denmark .
the malloum - habré accord was actively promoted by sudan and saudi arabia , both of which feared a radical chad controlled by gaddafi and saw in habré , with his good muslim and anti - colonialialist credentials , the only chance to thwart gaddafi 's plans .
2006 saw a renewed focus from the agency upon its digital credentials .
the " british fascists " name was subsequently taken by the movement in an attempt to anglicise their aspect , and underline their patriotic credentials .
in 1866 , he was elected to the united states senate by the first legislature convened under the new georgia state constitution , but did not present his credentials , as the state had not been readmitted to the union .
subsequently presented credentials as a member - elect to fill the vacancy thus caused and served from november 4 , 1902 , until february 26 , 1903 , when he was succeeded by george chester robinson wagoner , who contested his election .
he presented credentials as a democratic member - elect to the fifty - first congress and served from march 4 , 1889 until february 3 , 1890 .
after arriving in the us capital of washington , dc on 22 april 1996 , ganga presented his credentials to us president bill clinton on 30 april 1996 .
determined to finally get their european credentials underway despite 2 previous lacklustre outings , trojans travelled to germany , riding off the confidence gained from their ability to mix it with the best in england .
the 3 mile long sandy beach has been awarded a blue flag for its eco credentials .
ardms credentials serve to document personal achievement of recognized professional standards .
in its early days , positiva attempted to establish its credentials in the music industry by releasing records from many names who were previously relatively unknown in the uk .
the related variable , % logonserver% , holds the hostname of the server that authenticated the current user 's logon credentials ( name and password ) .
following arjun singh 's subsequent remarks on their credentials , two of the members , andre béteille and dr pratap bhanu mehta , sent letters of resignation to the prime minister .
few 's military service in the later years of the war proved critical both in frustrating this strategy and in enhancing his credentials as a state leader .
healy proved an able governor - general , possessing a degree of political skill , deep political insight and contacts in britain that the new irish government initially lacked , and had long recommended himself to the catholic hierarchy , all - round good credentials for this key symbolic and reconciling position at the centre of public life .
the watch tower society has been criticised for its refusal to reveal the names and academic credentials of the translators of its " new world translation " of the bible .
kuhn 's teaching and trustee credentials include : adjunct full professor of business and financial strategy at new york university ( nyu stern school of business ) ; senior fellow at the ic2 institute of the university of texas at austin ; trustee of claremont graduate university .
its critics , such as eugenie scott , robert pennock and barbara forrest , claim that the csc knowingly misquotes scientists and other experts , deceptively omits contextual text through ellipsis , and makes unsupported amplifications of relationships and credentials .
he once joked that , despite his war correspondent credentials , he was picked for " today " because he thought " they were looking for a man who does n't sleep well in the mornings . "
she had impressive academic credentials when she came to the u.s. but publishers and the academy closed doors against her .
there are several commercial software applications such as healthline systems ' web enabled product that efficiently manages the credentialing and recredentialing process employing " paperless " technology through online applications , scanning of documents , " hands free " verification and an online credentials file review process .
the president appoints and recalls russia 's ambassadors upon consultation with the legislature , accepts the credentials and letters of recall of foreign representatives , conducts international talks , and signs international treaties .
potocki ’s leadership of the scientific team was not simply a matter of his personal connections with the fellow pole , prince adam jerzy czartoryski , for his intellectual and political credentials for fulfilling that role were impeccable , and without him it is unlikely that the brilliant german orientalist , julius klaproth , would have had any part to play in the mission .
asked to contribute a short autobiography for the congressional directory , instead of the usual bland list of credentials , he described himself as " an indefatigable and fearless leader for his countrymen . "
the credentials which garnered lefebvre a spot on the show include her education and career as an attorney .
butler held the home office for five years , in which he once more demonstrated his radical reforming credentials through a number of pieces of legislation , although his liberal views on hanging and flogging did little to endear him to rank - and - file conservative members .
this is due to sirius playing up lockridge 's credentials as an award - winning trucking journalist , the only one on the channel , who has covered the trucking industry since 1990 .
behe 's credentials as a biochemist gave the intelligent design movement a key proponent .
compared to legitimately accredited institutions , diploma mills tend to have drastically lowered requirements for academic coursework , with some even allowing their students to purchase credentials without any education .
the fledgling raf was keen to establish its military credentials and the air officer commanding in india , sir edward ellington , made the unprecedented decision to conduct air operations against the tribesmen without the support of the army .
she began her career with " masanada makkalu " an art film that showcased her credentials as a linguistically versatile dramatist .
the structures include unusual and distinctive elements , such as the porter 's squint , a narrow slit in the wall designed to enable a gatekeeper to examine a visitor 's credentials before opening the gate , and a large kennel which was built in the late 19th century for a st. bernard named dido .
since these credentials are only shared between the at and its home aaa , the an - aaa forwards a12 challenge responses received from an at to its home aaa to determine whether they are correct .
after a frantic scramble , he ordered the chairman of the credentials committee not to decide the matter , and not to send the issue to the convention .
his party affiliation was rodina ( motherland ) , and he held the positions of deputy chairman of the committee on information policy and is a member of the commission on the credentials and deputies’ ethics issues in the duma .
harris came with strong credentials , having assisted terry venables at fc barcelona .
joseph presel was appointed to this post on november 10 , 1997 and presented his credentials to president islam karimov on december 3 , 1997 .
to maintain most pmi credentials , holders must earn professional development units ( pdus ) which can be earned in a variety of ways such as taking classes , attending pmi global congresses , contributing to professional research or writing and publishing papers on the subject .
danielle , who is one of the few contestants in the series to come in with no previous quizzing credentials , put up a strong fight before narrowly being edged out 3 - 2 in the head - to - heads and 4 - 3 in the final round .
jenoff had apparently also misrepresented his credentials and often presented himself as a private investigator .
some others with advanced credentials in mathematics and/or who are known primarily as mathematicians have been awarded the bank of sweden prize in economic sciences in memory of alfred nobel : kenneth arrow ( 1972 ) , leonid kantorovich ( 1975 ) , john forbes nash ( 1994 ) , clive w. j. granger ( 2003 ) , robert j. aumann ( who shared the 2005 prize with thomas c. schelling ) , and roger myerson and eric maskin ( 2007 ) .
jurisdictions that have restricted or made illegal the use of credentials from unaccredited schools include south korea and the us states of oregon , michigan , maine , north dakota , new jersey , washington , nevada , illinois , indiana and texas .
he presented his credentials to the secretary - general of the united nations on 8 september 2005 , replacing mirza kušljugić .
i settled the problem of india and the east with the imperial ottoman government , and received the necessary credentials from them as well .
blogger luke ford has called tobin “ the most right - wing editor of a jewish weekly in the us , ” but according to tobin , “ i lost my credentials as a real right - winger any number of times because i 've taken stands on issues they disagree with .
tabuns has also been known for his stance on same - sex parental rights , anti - toxics legislation and recognition of foreign credentials .
to assure davis that he would not be harmed , police showed him the press credentials of three reporters in a nearby apartment and allowed him to speak to his girlfriend .
due to a problem with his credentials , cone got a job as an advertising clerk with the " san francisco examiner " rather than a teaching fellowship .
while no longer in active practice , she proudly retains her credentials as a certified general accountant , having won a number of awards for her work in this field , including being named in 2006 , a fellow of the certified general accountants association of canada , a national designation for exemplary service .
likewise , on june 7 , when sharq announced his cabinet , consisting of 11 new members and 10 former ones , the non - party credentials of the " new " ministers were undermined by the fact that most had served the regime government previously in other capacities .
along with his lack of scholarly credentials and qualifications , the criticism is also to his approach of relying only on the qur'an to exhort injunctions and narratives while disregarding traditional sources .
gigante earned his mafia credentials as an enforcer in the 1950s .
there is a further argument that purports that there is nothing to stop a user ( or intruder ) from manually providing logon credentials that are stored on a token or smart card .
these three credentials will in short be referred to as " ek " .
the reporters had credentials connecting them to the tour and sometimes found themselves running through screaming hordes of teenage girls right along with the members of the band .
black candidates were recommended more than 20% less than the same white candidates who had the same marginal credentials .
the party logo , trumpeting the party 's green credentials and modern approach to multiculturalism , is a sketched outline of a banyan ( or indian fig ) tree .
this section of the atcb code of professional practice outlines the process by which art therapy students receive their credentials .
wales later issued a new statement saying he had not previously understood that " essjay used his false credentials in content disputes . "
he says : " i present the work not on the basis of my credentials , but on the basis of the evidence i bring forth ; evaluate it for yourself . "
he presented his diplomatic credentials to president of russia dmitry medvedev on 27 february 2009 .
the academic world makes very extensive use of credentials , such as diplomas , certificates , and degrees , in order to attest to the completion of specific training or education programs by students , and to attest to their successful completion of tests and exams .
the main components of the plan consists of ( 1 ) expanded academic and personal counseling from the students ' first year to graduation ; ( 2 ) enhanced academic and career opportunities that gives students decisive advantages in career fields of their choice by providing an option for professional employment and " special " semesters that build professional connections , credentials , and experience ; and ( 3 ) essential literacies that develop the students ' analytic and writing skills that familiarizes them with the fundamental languages of culture and science .
in 1926 , willis obtained credentials from the law school of loyola university in new orleans .
the gathering of primarily shia , but including some sunnis militants , " with various religious and revolutionary credentials , " was hosted by the association of militant clerics and the pasdaran islamic revolutionary guards .
by contrast , the articles of wikipedia are written by a community of editors with varying levels of expertise : most editors do not claim any particular expertise ; of those who do , many are anonymous and have no verifiable credentials .
in 2006 , reflecting outstanding academic credentials , john was appointed warden of st george 's college , the university of western australia .
in addition , he served as a non - residing ambassador to paraguay during the same time , ( submitted credentials to the president raúl cubas grau on february 9 , 1999 ) .
his commitment to community service includes credentials for a humanitarian hall of fame .
hpair conferences are often led by a diverse group of speakers with impressive credentials in various areas of society .
his credentials declared valid , burris was finally sworn in on january 15 , 2009 , by outgoing president of the senate dick cheney .
the ambassador of romania in ottawa , elena ştefoi presented her credentials on december 13 , 2005 .
furthermore , the isr board of directors members ' identities are unknown , as are their scholastic credentials , and what their position is regarding the historical composition of the bible .
if i had to , i 'd pull the trigger without hesitation " ; however , in 1999 , kay ( who at that time was not working for wwasp ) said that the tranquility bay staff were " untrained " , without " credentials of any kind " , and that tranquility bay " could be leading these kids to long - term problems that we do n't have a clue about because we 're not going about it in the proper way "
these higher credentials include associate , bachelor , and even master degrees in the field of early childhood education ( ece ) .
in march 1956 hussein established his firm authority over jordan , and burnished his own nationalist credentials by dismissing glubb “ pasha ” as the commander of the jordanian army , and replacing all the british officers with jordanians .
many degree programs result in credentials that contain no reference to religious study ( for example , speech pathology , etc . ) .
he replaced andrey i. denisov on may 1 , 2006 , when he presented his credentials to the then secretary - general of the united nations , kofi annan .
to these orders , he responded that he still had not been officially made " governor " and that , if he were to act as a governor , he should be given the proper credentials and legal authority to do so .
another simpler way of generating false credentials is to suborn one of the officials involved in the document issuing process through bribery or intimidation .
http digest access authentication is one of the agreed methods a web server can use to negotiate credentials with a web user ( using the http protocol ) .
he went into this with no outstanding ultra - credentials , which makes it difficult to believe what he claims to have done . "
although it was suspended from the latin american economic system — known informally both as the group of eight and the rio group — in 1988 due to its internal political system under manuel noriega , panama was readmitted in september 1994 as an acknowledgment of its present democratic credentials .
in the media frenzy that followed , the story of a 69 year old eccentric , and maverick scientist emerged , but seed possessed impressive credentials and was not dismissed immediately .
failing to obtain political consensus for his proposal , bush used a budget surplus to push through a $ 2 billion tax - cut plan , which was the largest in texas history and cemented bush 's credentials as a pro - business fiscal conservative .
călugăru himself sparked posthumous controversy for participating in communist - orchestrated attacks on the work and reputation of authors without ideological credentials .
presented credentials as a member - elect to the forty - seventh congress and served from march 4 , 1881 , until march 2 , 1883 , when he was succeeded by gustavus sessinghaus , who contested his election .
for added security , each wallet can be used to store a different kind of credentials , each with their own password .
three days later he and his family arrived in japan and on august 20 he presented his credentials to emperor akihito .
his nomination was confirmed by the u.s. senate on july 10 , 2009 , he was sworn - in on july 23 , 2009 in the state department 's ceremonial benjamin franklin treaty room and he presented his credentials to indian president pratibha patil on august 11 , 2009 .
presented credentials as a member - elect to the fifty - sixth congress and served from march 4 , 1899 , to march 12 , 1900 , when he was again succeeded by richard a. wise , who contested his election .
bruce faced two other republican challengers for the appointment during a short but contentious battle for the vacancy committee nomination , during which he questioned the professional credentials of one of his opponents , and opponents charged that he was too divisive a figure to successfully represent the district .
further damaging the credentials of the participants , marc cooper wrote that " the group that built , conceived , and directs the biosphere project is not a group of high - tech researchers on the cutting edge of science but a clique of recycled theater performers that evolved out of an authoritarian – and decidedly non - scientific – personality cult " .
specifically , the inability to monitor activity of privileged users and those who have established such credentials through nefarious means , and the difficulty in maintaining a dbms at the most current patch level .
credential roaming capabilities replicate active directory key pairs , certificates and credentials stored in " stored user names and passwords " within the network .
rayne soon became a business executive on falsified credentials , with the intent of sleeping with the ceo of ids enterprises , marcy mckean .
right through his student years , mehta dabbled in an assortment of work , adding to his skills and professional credentials .
his anti - nazi credentials and command of the russian language enabled him to enjoy a close relationship with the occupiers .
the freedom and dash of his recital , and the general ability shown in the handling of his characters and in the quality of his style are his strongest credentials , " noted the review .
the upstart rival canadian northern railway wanted to impress and richly furnish the town to further that railway 's credentials .
archbishop dupuy presented his credentials to hsh prince albert ii on 26 september 2006 .
tevzadze ’s tenure as an ambassador proved to be short - lived , however , as his credentials were revoked in june 2004 .
different idps follow different policies and procedures for issuing electronic identity credentials .
in the credentials issued to rabbi abraham ha - kohen of lask , a jerusalem meshullah sent to poland in 1783 , the sephardic central committee writes that ashkenazim in the holy land were taken care of and given a proportionate share of the halukkah .
he presented his credentials as permanent representative to unido on 23 november 2006 .
the classic combination of a user account number or name and a secret password is a widely - used example of it credentials .
affiliations and credentials .
several factors are the devaluation of allegedly inadequate foreign credentials , language tests that have little to do with professional performance and " canadian experience " requirements that serve as an all - purpose excuse to lock out job applicants who do n't already have a job .
hastings quickly established his credentials on the right of the party , becoming a stalwart of the monday club and an ally of the likes of julian amery and ronald bell .
network coverage is fully customizable and expandable by adding network credentials once , either on the device or on the devicescape.com web site .
a complete list of dever 's extensive credentials publications is available at : http://nes.web.arizona.edu/dever_vitae_2002.htm
an independent digital research agency conducted a digital audit of all members assessing their online credentials .
some divisions ( see below ) do not offer the certificate and diploma programmes ; entrants to the professional programme must have suitable academic credentials .
he landed in boston and made his way to new york where he showed his credentials and took official control of the delaware territories which had also been given to penn .
she presented her credentials as permanent representative on march 7 , 2008 .
the program also oriented the participants for the eras application , a computer application that transmits supporting credentials from a residency applicant to residency program directors electronically ( ) and the nrmp ( match ) .
trujillo cancelled his consular credentials by a decree and confiscated his properties and his tobacco company .
bailey presented credentials as a member - elect to the eighteenth congress , but his election was contested on residency requirements .
ehouzou was subsequently appointed as permanent representative to the united nations , and he presented his credentials to the un secretary - general on 29 september 2006 .
not only our set of humble credentials but also our excellent placement records testify our endeavors .
west 's ph.d. credentials became a source of controversy during the 2006 federal election .
dnc chair howard dean asked florida and michigan to submit a new plan for a process to choose the delegates , such as holding primaries again , or let the matter be referred to the credentials committee .
though still residing in cairo , fish was appointed the first u.s. ambassador to saudi arabia on august 7 , 1939 , presenting his credentials on february 4 , 1940 .
an article about a regent graduate who interviewed for a government position and regent 's low school rankings were cited as an example of the bush administration hiring applicants with strong conservative credentials but weaker academic qualifications and less civil rights law experience than past candidates in the civil rights division .
the law has been blamed for keeping students not in the top ten percent but with other credentials , such as high sat scores or leadership and extracurricular experience , out of the larger " flagship " state universities , such as the university of texas at austin ( ut - austin ) and texas a&m university .
while it is costly in terms of money and time to acquire academic credentials , many types of degrees , particularly those in the fine arts and classics , are valued poorly by marketplace .
the ieee is in beta with the certified software development associate ( csda ) program , to confirm the credentials of recent graduates and new hires .
according to the 1965 " report of the board of enquiry into scientology " in the australian state of victoria , hubbard falsely claimed scientific and other credentials and his sanity was " to be gravely doubted " .
the day before niger 's independence on august 3 , 1960 , the first american chargé d'affaires ad interim , donald r. norland , presented his credentials to take effect the following day .
invoking his caliphal credentials as designated successor to his uncle , the late kulthum ibn iyad , balj noted he was legally the current governor of ifriqiya and consequently overlord of al - andalus .
previous to april 15 , 2009 , applications for credentials still had to be made in person at an rec to provide fingerprints and proof of identity .
tourette was continually mocked by amstell and the nature of his ' punk ' credentials .
this event rapidly became an american - style convention as leading ministers sought to establish their credentials .
he presented his credentials to the united nations secretary - general on august 5 , 2002 .
blanshard decided to pursue credentials in law , completing much of his studies in night school , and graduating llb in 1937 from brooklyn law school .
although support for socialism has risen in the usa , obama " claimed impeccable free market credentials " when questioned , and in june 2009 the director of the white house 's national economic council for the us president , lawrence summers , while defending state intervention to regulate speculators ' activities , told reporters that the us was not in danger of becoming a socialist state .
thus , only when prepared to recognize in the genuine miracle the credentials of the divinity , may this inquirer be conducted back through history , from fulfilment to prediction , in the hope of discovering , by well authenticated miracles , that the almighty has stamped as his own the christianity preserved , defended , and explained by his one true church .
" natural vision correction " or " natural vision improvement " continues to be marketed by practitioners offering individual instruction , many of who have no medical or optometric credentials .
percy is a music journalist for toronto 's xtra where his interview credentials include vince clarke of erasure and depeche mode , alison goldfrapp , cyndi lauper and dj / club impresario david morales .
after three years in search of the elusive film that will make her get noticed , priyamani managed to prove both her acting credentials and also fame appeal with the 2007 film paruthi veeran , directed by another respected tamil director , ameer sultan .
he matched the credentials required for the job including previous experience in wrestling and working in television production .
afterwards , the fight over credentials erupted into a free - for - all .
in addition to his photographic credentials , balog holds a master ’s degree in geomorphology from the university of colorado .
the use of unaccredited degree titles is legally restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions . [ 2 ] jurisdictions that have restricted or made illegal the use of credentials from unaccredited schools include oregon [ 3][4 ] , michigan , maine[5 ] , north dakota[4]new jersey[4 ] , washington[3][6 ] , nevada[3 ] , illinois[3 ] , indiana[3 ] , and texas.[7 ] .
in august 2008 , hobbs was among a delegation of bloggers granted press credentials to cover the republican national convention in minneapolis , where his daily blogs were posted on tdo.com and by the black and brown news service .
president bush asked yob to serve as the chairman of the 1992 republican national convention credentials committee .
a bit more than half of the teachers have montessori credentials
alistair blunt ’s credentials as a champion of conservative reaction are made obvious throughout the text .
goldín claims that although he identified himself as press and showed his credentials , police tried to smash his equipment .
but in a one time hint of things to come , she has rematerialized in china , working in the international olympic committee credentials department for the 2008 summer olympics , where she is well positioned to abet uncle duke 's efforts on behalf of the bogus olympics team from his lobbying client , the fictional country of berzerkistan .
schrager 's background includes mba , cpa , and jd credentials and a phd in organizational behavior and policy from the university of chicago .
in other nations immigrants also find difficulties getting their credentials recognized .
the series came under public attack from senior television figures , and was pulled amid claims of declining editorial standards and controversy over the channel 's public service broadcasting credentials .
antohi failed to complete his degree and was expelled from the program ; a 2006 investigation proved that he had been misrepresenting his academic credentials , which caused his withdrawal from his academic position at central european university .
as late as december , 1953 , the soviets were the first state to instruct their envoy to present his credentials to the president of israel in jerusalem , the israeli annexation of and usage as the capital being controversial .
its official website asserts that it provides credentials to " pastors , teachers , para church leaders , missionaries , evangelists , speakers , youth workers , professors , military chaplains , and fire , industrial , hospice , police , and prison chaplains , to name a few " .
offering awards credentials in more than 10 allied health specialties , it is an organizational member of the national organization for competency assurance ( noca ) .
in diplomacy , credentials are documents that ambassadors , diplomatic ministers , plenipotentiary , and chargés d'affaires provide to the government to which they are accredited , for the purpose , chiefly , of communicating to the latter the envoy 's diplomatic rank .
fredericks obtained his teaching credentials from northwestern " normal " in 1912 .
it is worthy to note that many meteorologists with degrees and/or certifications from accredited meteorological university programs will work to gain a seal of approval from the national weather association or american meteorological society to add to their credentials because it shows that they can relay weather information to the public in a sound and understandable manor .
he presented his diplomatic credentials to the president of ireland , mary mcaleese on 12 september 2006 , succeeding stewart eldon as british ambassador to ireland .
professional credentials .
he received his chiropractor credentials from texas chiropractic college in pasadena near houston .
he presented his credentials to president mary mcaleese on 18 january 2001 .
werner , a midfield player , came from the youth of hamburger sv right into the first team , in a similar path to uwe seeler did , and , for his eight years of first - team experience between 1955 and 1963 , has the 1960 german championship title to prove his credentials .
wales argued " contributors to the site who claim certain credentials will soon have to prove they really have them . "
by having separate credentials for interacting with different parties , actions could not be linked , and so some level of privacy is provided .
nominations for these seats were made by professional groups between 13 january and 18 january 2008 , whereafter a panel appointed by the electoral commission vetted the nominees ' credentials before forwarding the nominations to the selection panel .
in 1922 he returned to the united states and in 1924 or 1925 began giving talks on buddhism at the orientalia bookstore on e. 58th street in new york city , having received lay teaching credentials from sokatsu .
some professions rely to higher degree on credentials .
however , in most countries of central and western europe and of southern and central america , as well as in a few countries elsewhere , the nuncio is granted precedence over other ambassadors and is dean of the diplomatic corps from the moment he presents his credentials .
welsh stumped the state touting his civil rights credentials and denigrating wallace .
mr. gichuhi would then proceed to add to his credentials with graduate studies at the university of missouri - st .
to extricate himself from the dispute opposing louis xii to pope julius ii , he withdrew for a while from politics ; in 1512 , however , he went back to rome to present his credentials to the new pope , leo x. this was the apex of his diplomatic career .
according to this view , the government resorted to nationalism , including an appeal to the ccp 's anti - japanese credentials , in order to reassert its legitimacy to lead the country and defuse the inevitable tensions that would accompany rapid economic growth .
what sets apart a screening game is that the employer offers a wage level first , at which point the worker chooses the amount of credentials he will acquire ( perhaps in the form of education or skills ) and accepts or rejects a contract for a wage level .
entering ministry within the christian methodist episcopal church she subsequently transferred her credentials to the lgbt affirming metropolitan community church when she came out as a lesbian .
immediately prior to the vote on the motion , ickes announced that candidate clinton would reserve the right to appeal the rules committee 's approval of the michigan resolution to the dnc credentials committee .
these are biblical figures for which tentative but likely identifications have been found in contemporary sources based on matching names and credentials .
this cardspace identity then becomes the alternate login credentials for that account , replacing the need for a password .
both the pci and psp are lesser credentials than the cpp as both investigations and physical security are domains included in the cpp .
especially after being publicly rebuffed by a number of candidates , george young was pleased that someone with reeves 's credentials clearly wanted the job , and reeves was hired as giants head coach .
he carried with him a letter of introduction written by superintendent elliot that relayed a few of his credentials to palmerston ,
cgfns ( comission on graduates of foreign nursing schools ) is an internationally recognized authority on credentials evaluation and verification pertaining to the education , registration and licensure of nurses and health care professionals across the world .
umansky presented his credentials to president of mexico , manuel ávila camacho on 22 june 1943 .
lists of officially sanctioned teachers published by organizations such as the american zen teachers association and the soto zen buddhist association can prove helpful to those who are curious about a teacher 's credentials .
his commission is set to begin on 14 september , when browne will present his credentials to the governor general of canada at the citadelle of québec .
the director of health information may have credentials such as rhit ( registered health information technician ) or rhia ( registered health information administrator ) .
the health sciences program is a two - semester post baccalaureate certificate program designed to enhance the basic science credentials of students interested in medical college or pharmacy school .
the degree of kandidat nauk is routinely translated and officially recognized in the united states of america as the equivalent of phd ( in thousands of cases , today , both as academic credentials in cv , and in job appointments or scientific publications ) .
" these are my credentials " .
educational credentials .
program credentials include : adult secondary school completion ; certificates and diplomas , including advanced and post - baccalaureate ; associate degrees ; and bachelor 's degrees .
in addition to electoral reform , hall demonstrated his progressive credentials by introducing improvements in social welfare , aboriginal affairs and abortion reform .
this campaign is designed to publicize the credentials of the wastewater personnel and the role they play in environmental protection , especially the prevention of water pollution .
he was educated in dubach public schools and then attended , not the nearby technical college , louisiana tech university in ruston ( then " louisiana polytechnic institute " ) , but northwestern state university ( then " louisiana normal college " ) in natchitoches , from which he graduated with teaching credentials in 1927 .
doctors holding the dc ( doctor of chiropractic ) degree may claim numerous credentials , denoted by letters placed after the doctor 's name in official correspondences and business publications .
ghomeshi had mentioned thornton ’s acting credentials in the introduction .
backed by an impressive list of solid credentials and celebrity clientele , bell has steadily become just as famous as many of the celebrities he has portrayed on canvas .
during the ensuing season , he displayed his credentials , claiming another five - wicket haul , and taking 47 wickets to finish as the highest wicket - taker in the 2009–10 ranji trophy .
he was entrusted with confidential missions from the huguenot leaders to german potentates , carrying at one time credentials from catherine de ' medici .
homer learns at the end of the film that larch had faked homer 's medical record to keep him out of the war , and later made fake credentials for homer in order to convince the board overseeing the orphanage to appoint him as the next director .
for example , in michael spence 's job - market signalling model , ( potential ) employees send a signal about their ability level to the employer by acquiring certain education credentials .
in october 2006 , the ambassador of cyprus , minas hadjimichael presented his credentials to the president of algeria mr abdelaziz bouteflika , thanked him for algeria 's support to cyprus in the framework of the united nations and the non - aligned movement , and discussed ways to enhance bilateral ties .
smokingroove have built up their underground house credentials over the last ten years with a host of residencies including ministry of sound ( london ) , miss moneypennys uk & ibiza , everybodygetslaid !
adams ' revolutionary credentials secured him two terms as george washington 's vice president and his own election as the second president of the united states .
it was in the italian peninsula that many of the traditions of modern diplomacy began , such as the presentation of an ambassador 's credentials to the head of state .
in line with his conservative credentials , and on a free vote , cosgrave , although taoiseach and without warning , crossed the floor to help defeat his own government 's bill in the summer of 1974 .
the credentials committee reported unfavorably on the credential of william mahoney as an individual , while not denying the minnesota farmer - labor party a right to a seat , citing his acts during and after the st. louis conference as well as his active participation in the june 1924 st. paul convention of the federated farmer - labor party , a gathering perceived to have been an appendage of the workers party of america and previously condemned by the national committee of the cppa .
presented credentials as a member - elect to the fifty - fourth congress and served from march 4 , 1895 , to march 13 , 1896 , when he was succeeded by william f. aldrich , who contested his election .
at some point , an applicant registers with an ra , which verifies the identity of the applicant , typically through the presentation of paper credentials and by records in databases .
user account control asks for credentials in a secure desktop mode , in which the entire screen is dimmed , and only the authorization window is active and highlighted .
immigration regulations gave preference to those with advanced education and professional skills , and the pakistanis who came during this period , and throughout the 1960s , generally had excellent credentials .
mark mcgwire , whose credentials could arguably satisfy expectations for first ballot hall of fame election , was denied election in his first year , with many voters citing mcgwire 's perceived refusal to speak at the congressional investigation .
notwithstanding his formidably orthodox credentials , rabbi hyamson was appointed professor emeritus of codes at the jewish theological seminary of america in 1915 , serving until 1940 .
when observational data arises which appears to contradict or " falsify " a given scientific paradigm , scientists within that paradigm have not , historically , immediately rejected the paradigm in question ( as sir karl popper 's philosophical theory of falsificationism would have them do ) but have gone to considerable lengths to resolve the apparent conflict without rejecting the paradigm , through ad hoc variations to the theory , sympathetic interpretations of the data which allow for assimilation , determination that the " conundrum " the data was obtained to explain in the first place is misconceived , or in extreme cases simply ignoring the data altogether ( for example , on the basis of the lack of scientific credentials of its source ) .
with johns ' support , kean also quickly established foreign policy and national security credentials following his governorship that ultimately proved important in his gaining appointment by president george w. bush to head the 9/11 commission .
mayor shinn appoints four city councilmen to look into harold 's past , but they fall under his spell when he encourages them to emulate a barbershop quartet and never quite manage to see his alleged credentials .
hun sen , the current prime minister of cambodia , was a key figure in the kprp and is the current leader of its successor party , the cpp , a party that does not lay claim to socialist credentials anymore .
presented credentials as a democratic delegate - elect to the fortieth congress and served from september 2 , 1867 ( date of election ) , to february 20 , 1869 , when he was succeeded by j. francisco chaves , who contested the election .
young presented credentials as a member - elect to the 63rd congress and served from march 4 , 1913 , until his resignation , effective may 16 , 1913 , while a contest for the seat was pending .
soon after her appointment , she presented her credentials to president s. r. nathan in a ceremony at istana .
palin later agreed that her comments were " mocked " and reiterated her view that this proximity enhanced her foreign policy credentials .
the action of providing the proper credentials for a website is called logging in , or signing in .
he also takes up bookchin 's opposition to relativism , arguing that this is confirmed by science , especially anthropology - proceeding to produce evidence that bookchin 's work has received hostile reviews in social - science journals , thus attacking his scientific credentials , and to denounce dialectics as unscientific .
even before terminating these assignments , fish was appointed ambassdor to portugal february 11 , 1941 , and presented credentials on march 26 , 1941 while at his post he became ill , and died two weeks later .
it is “ the only wholly métis owned and controlled education institution of its kind in canada ” according to the canadian information centre for international credentials .
furthermore , if a student wishes to earn international credentials , the uscdka will require an additional $ 200 for the kukkiwon certificate .
as a writer for the associated negro press news service , dunnigan sought press credentials to cover congress and the senate .
as the monumental task could affect naval navigation , it required state approval , and the government wanted a thorough review of the engineer 's credentials ; hence , a bridge party was organized .
presented credentials of election as a liberal republican to the forty - second congress and served from march 4 , 1871 , to february 9 , 1872 , when he was succeeded by thomas boles , who contested the election .
mckee was elected as a republican to the fortieth congress , but his credentials were never presented to the house .
after a significant wait , he presented his credentials to french president nicolas sarkozy on 22 april 2008 .
eliskases ' critics may have pointed to the impressive credentials of keres , his main rival , but the estonian too had twice fallen victim to eliskases in tournament play .
