ralph of caen says that the crusaders were caught unawares when the seljuks turned to fight , so much so that baldwin and bohemond fought without armor .
with the help of the crusaders and other travelers , leprosy reached epidemic proportions by the 13th century .
the new yorker " magazine 's david denby wrote , " and there 's a big hole in the middle of the movie : the director , tom tykwer , and the screenwriter , eric warren singer , forgot to make their two crusaders human beings " .
whenever a crusade would end , the hussite armies go on " beautiful rides " and would invade the lands where the crusaders were from .
the contents describe how the ascalon elders pooled money together to pay the initial ransom for pockets of jews and holy relics being held captive in jerusalem by the crusaders , the fate of some of these refugees after their release ( including their transport to alexandria , contraction of the plague , or death at sea ) , and the need for additional funds for the rescuing of further captives .
the hermit counsels pirro that he will achieve forgiveness if he opens the gates to the approaching crusaders .
the stormers travelled to jade stadium in christchurch , where they met the crusaders in the semi - final .
the preseason also saw wales take part in the 2009 european cup which they ended up winning against scotalnd 28 - 16 , from the crusaders 2010 squad jordan james , ben flower , elliot kear , lewis mills and lloyd white were all named in the wales squad .
there were also rumours , emanating from a christian prisoner in alexandria , that the patarenes had made an alliance with the muslims against the crusaders .
after the egyptians defeated the crusaders during the seventh crusade , it was named " mansoura " ( aka . "
the crusaders descended on the islamic world from the west , and the mongols from the east .
saladin defended his own conduct claiming that he had come to syria to fight the crusaders , end the heresy of the assassins , and to end the wrong - doing of the muslims .
upon his return to australia in 1918 he published a volume of memoirs , " modern crusaders " , about his exploits in the light horse brigade .
rural estates were soon formed by crusaders and their descendants .
the settlement gradually became known by the german crusaders as " tapiau " .
pool a byes : west hull , thatto heath crusaders , myton warriors , orchard park and greenwood , eastmoor dragons , east hull , sharlston rovers , kells , hull isberg , east leeds , pilkington recs , west bowling , milford marlins , crossfields , waterhead , castleford panthers
the crusaders colts , also based in bridgend , play in the rugby league conference national division .
beclem ( adam paul and shunsuke sakuya ) is a captain of the league assigned to oversee the besaid aurochs ' training ; it is revealed during the game that he once fought alongside wakka 's brother chappu with the crusaders .
he won many trophies and achieved legend status with crusaders , and has been regularly chosen by their fans as one of , if not the best goalkeeper the club has ever had .
whereas the crusaders developed a healthy respect for the harass and surround tactics of the turkish horse archers , they tended to discount the effectiveness of the egyptian armies .
the city provided a strategic advantage in the constant war with the crusaders and allowed the sultan to keep an eye on his relatively ambitious vassals in syria and al - jazira .
this meant that if the crusaders were successful , and retook jerusalem , the survivors would not be given remission .
various newer arenas seating over a thousand , such as the sherwood park crusaders ' sherwood park arena , the 2,000-seat jubilee recreation centre , home of the fort saskatchewan traders , and the vacant 1,200-seat grant fuhr arena in spruce grove - which was expected to receive a significant upgrade - are all within a short drive of st. albert .
he started off playing with cape cod crusaders , and south jersey barons of the usl premier development league .
celtic crusaders opened the weekend against oldham roughyeds in a national league 2 game on the friday night ( 4 may ) at brewery field , bridgend .
after bitter fighting the city fell to the crusaders on august 19 , and the fortress was formally surrendered to them three days later .
this gave the crusaders time to regroup , and the estonians were routed .
during his tenure as the school ’s head coach , the crusaders have averaged more than 19 victories per season and have advanced to the conference tournament championship game 6 times .
it was burnt by lusatian crusaders in 1468 and during the thirty years ' war by swedes in 1643 , as well as a conflagration in 1707 .
besides coaching the crusaders to five super rugby titles , deans has won numerous individual awards .
the local senior club chobham rugby club has 6 senior teams , the 1st xv , 2nd xv ( cannons ) , 3rd xv , 4th xv ( devils ) , 5th xv ( crusaders ) & veterans ( martyrs ) .
his primary aim was to be recognised as ruler in the north , while saladin ( who was simultaneously negotiating with richard for a possible marriage between his brother al - adil and richard 's widowed sister joan , dowager queen of sicily ) hoped to separate him from the crusaders .
much of his time was spent in campaigns in syria , where he allied with the khwarezmians against the crusaders and ayyubids .
celtic crusaders .
the town was taken by saladin in 1187 , re - taken by the crusaders , and eventually conquered by baibars in 1266 .
the seventh crusade under louis ix of france was motivated by this massacre , but it accomplished little except to replace the ayyubids and khwarezmians with the more powerful mamluks as the crusaders ' main opponents in 1250 .
in canada he played for oakville crusaders .
damascus steel gained a legendary reputation among the crusaders , and patterned steel is still " damascened " .
in 1099 , along with the other inhabitants of the land , the jews vigorously defended jerusalem against the crusaders .
under kenny shiels , coleraine won the inaugural first division title and in its first season back in the top flight , won the ulster cup and came agonisingly close to the title , being pipped late on by crusaders .
he considered the crusaders foreigners in muslim territory , who had come to outremer to plunder the land and profane its sacred places .
he made his debut for the crusaders against wigan warriors on friday 5th february at the dw stadium .
however , raymond and godfrey 's continued antagonism prevented the crusaders from taking control of ascalon itself .
from april 14 , 1964 to december 16 , 1965 vmcj-1 flew its vought rf-8a crusaders in photoreconnaissance missions from the uss ticonderoga ( cva-14 ) , uss constellation ( cva-64 ) , uss coral sea ( cva-43 ) and the uss oriskany ( cva-34 ) .
soon after the promulgation of this decree , crusaders came to hungary ; but the hungarians did not sympathize with them , and coloman even opposed them .
the team will look to follow in the footsteps of celtic crusaders and be chosen for a super league license .
a local prussian captain defected and handed that castle to the crusaders , who then destroyed the prussian fort of quercz or gurske .
brains use shirt sponsorship for the welsh rugby union team and the celtic crusaders as part of their marketing strategy .
it has been suggested by several scholars such as professor john makdisi , jamila hussain , and lawrence rosen that several fundamental english common law institutions may have been derived or adapted from similar legal institutions in islamic law and jurisprudence , and introduced to england after the norman conquest of england by the normans , who conquered and inherited the islamic legal administration of the emirate of sicily ( see arab - norman culture ) , and " through the close connection between the norman kingdoms of roger ii in sicily — ruling over a conquered islamic administration — and henry ii in england . " and also by crusaders during the crusades .
other legal scholars such as monica gaudiosi , gamal moursi badr and a. hudson have argued that the english trust and agency institutions , which were introduced by crusaders , may have been adapted from the islamic " waqf " and " hawala " institutions they came across in the middle east .
to this he was urged , not by the spirit of the crusaders , but entirely by the desire to break in europe the dominating power of the imperial habsburg house of austria .
news of this reached the pope in rome and it was decided that crusaders would be sent into latvia to influence the situation .
a dog - tooth or " dogtooth pattern " , in architecture , is an ornament found in the moldings of medieval work of the commencement of the 12th century , which is thought to have been introduced by the crusaders from the east .
saint rose crusaders .
before moving to wales to play for the crusaders , peek played for several teams in the australian national rugby league .
on their way to the holy land the ships did not miss the occasion to sack some byzantine islands : the pisan crusaders were led by their archbishop daibert , the future patriarch of jerusalem .
mangosuthu buthelezi and kamagwaza - msibi hosted the party 's final pre - election news conference on tuesday , 14 april , at northwood crusaders sports club , durban north , where they adumbrated their ten - point plan for the party 's first 100 days back in provincial power .
the central prussian tribes surrendered to the crusaders by 1277 .
the crusaders transformed its name , so as to read , cain mons ( " mount cain " ) , recalling the tradition that it was the site of cain 's killing as described in the book of genesis ' song of lamech .
after the 15th century , the threat of military european crusaders and central asian mongols set the egpytian system into decline .
along the road , several skirmishes broke out between the marching crusaders and the saracen army marching parallel under saladin .
the crusaders , are revealed to be guided by a cabbie driver and apparent british spy called alfie , who can cancel their powers courtesy of a technological belt the character wears .
he has won the super 12 with the crusaders , the npc and the ranfurly shield with canterbury .
european crusaders discovered this device and brought the idea back to their own lands .
darren lockhart left the club at the same time to join crusaders on a one year load deal along with defender gary smith .
kaloyan presumed on the ignorance and lack of discipline of the crusaders .
recently dunlop was added to crusaders all - time hall of fame .
nuris was located in the jezreel valley and was referred to by the crusaders as nurith .
teams such as narragansett ( who they beat in the regular season but later fell to in the playoffs ) clinton , oakmount , shepherd hill , and saint bernard 's central catholic high school proved to be new threats and very challenging opponents to the crusaders .
welsh super league club crusaders rl is looking to sign him and other big name rugby union players .
the event again kicked off with the local south wales team , celtic crusaders , but this time they were up against featherstone rovers at the brewery field , bridgend in a national league 1 match .
berryman was drafted into the blues in 1997 , and eventually into the crusaders in 1998 .
subsequently , upon the crusaders ' arrival , the city was subjected to a lengthy siege , and when arslan had word of it he rushed back to nicaea and attacked the crusader army on 16 may. he was driven back by the unexpectedly large crusader force , with heavy losses being suffered on both sides in the ensuing battle .
hereward then appeared to do battle with count robert , and , saved from the knight 's axe by bertha , he joined the crusaders , obtaining on his return the hand of his betrothed , and , ultimately , a grant of land from william rufus , adjacent to the new forest in hampshire , where he had screened her when a girl from the tusk of a wild boar .
celtic crusaders 18 dewsbury rams 38
since 2003 the hurricanes have made the post - season three times seasons out of the last four ; including the 2006 final , which they lost in horrendously foggy weather against the crusaders 19 - 12 .
he played for canterbury in the npc and he also represented crusaders in the super 12 rugby competition .
the ancient diocese was located at scythopolis , known as bethsan to the crusaders .
al - sarafand was known to the crusaders as " sarepta yudee " , but is not known when the village was founded , or how the name originated .
incredibly , 1993 saw the crusaders reach their 5th eurobowl final in six years , this time in the illustrious setting of the heysel stadium , brussels .
recently , archie comics has reprinted some of the mighty crusaders adventures in a trade paperback collection under the " red circle productions " name .
they also constructed a hospice for pilgrams and crusaders , who often passed through vienna on their way to jerusalem .
billy johnston ( born 1943 , in belfast ) , is a retired former footballer and manager , who was most notable as the first ever crusaders manager to win the league with the club , on two occasions ( 1973 and 1976 ) .
saladin 's intelligence services reported to him that the crusaders were planning a raid into syria .
though reports of what happened at this meeting are biased due to personal feuds among the franks , it seems raymond argued that a march from acre to tiberias was exactly what saladin wanted while sephoria was a strong position for the crusaders to defend .
russ walker - cleveland crusaders
sid burrows ( born 27 october 1964 in belfast ) is a footballer from northern ireland who captained crusaders f.c. to some success during the 1990s .
the villanova knights lineage traces back to the henry carr crusaders .
2010 crusaders rugby league season .
for 1974 - 75 , the team changed its name , its affiliations and its coach , becoming the cape codders and signing working agreements with the world hockey association 's new england whalers and cleveland crusaders .
the month ended inauspiciously for both sides : there was an earthquake on december 30 , and the following weeks saw such unseasonably bad rain and cold weather that duqaq had to return home without further engaging the crusaders .
despite the disbanding of the crusaders , the members would join each other to record periodically over the years ; releasing " healing the wounds " in the early ' 90s .
though the mamluks were the traditional enemies of the franks , the barons of acre recognized the mongols as the more immediate menace , and so the crusaders opted for a position of cautious neutrality between the two forces .
when caesarea was captured by the crusaders from the muslims in 1101 , the frankish community vastly increased in size and a latin archbishop was established .
the crusaders were forced to retreat to their camp in disorder and surrounded it with a ditch and wall .
he averaged 10.9 ppg and 8 rpg in 27 games for the crusaders .
it was referred to as qubaibat for the first time at the end of that same century by the writer abu shama , who writes in his " book of two gardens " about a muslim prince falling into the hands of the crusaders at this spot .
after that ugaunians went with crusaders , livonians and letts against estonian pagan provinces jerwia and vironia .
recalled again by troubles in the east , he was unable to do much against the crusaders till after al - mustarshid 's death .
during the muslim siege of jerusalem against the crusaders , the ayyubid general and sultan , saladin situated his administration in ' anata before he proceeded towards jerusalem .
saint louis university professor thomas madden , author of " a concise history of the crusades " , claims the " jewish defenders " of the city knew the rules of warfare and retreated to their synagogue to " prepare for death " since the crusaders had breached the outer walls .
although " tokyo mew mew " does not provide any details about the chimera anima after the aliens leaves , " tokyo mew mew a la mode " reveals that some were left behind , and are being used by the saint rose crusaders as an aid in their plans for world domination .
after the rapid collapse of the kingdom of jerusalem in the late-12th century , which must have destroyed a great part of the artwork the crusaders produced , they were mostly confined to a few cities on the mediterranean coast until acre was conquered in 1291 .
the crusaders were heavily favor to win the title against the mules .
david bell ( 13 may 1985 in buncrana , county donegal ) is an irish football player currently playing as a defender for crusaders in the irish league .
his impressive performance caught the eye of the crusaders coach , todd blackadder who included slade into the squad for the 2009 season .
though no injuries were gained during the super league match against crusaders rl , first - team players mike mcilorum and john walker sustained knee ligament damage and a fractured cheekbone respectively during the under-20s friendly tie against warrington wolves .
a banner with brett 's name and number was placed in the arena to honor him as an exceptional member of the crusaders family .
the official school colors were changed from orange and black , to gold and black ; the school logo / mascot was changed from an american indian , to the crusaders .
mark also scored the first goal of the 2009/10 county antrim shield final victory over linfield . ' dicko ' moved to crusaders from linfield after becoming disillusioned with being asked to play as a right winger rather than in his preferred centre forward position .
the crusaders seem to have felt alexios had tricked bohemond into giving him antioch ; they already believed alexios was devious and untrustworthy and this may have confirmed their beliefs .
as of the 2009 season , four of the fourteen clubs participating in the super league have never won the rugby football league championship or super league , they are ; castleford tigers , catalans dragons , celtic crusaders , harlequins rl .
the commands inculcated in the quran ( in five suras from the period after muhammad had established his power ) on muslims to put to the sword those who will neither embrace islam nor pay a poll - tax ( " jizya " ) were not interpreted as a general injunction on all muslims constantly to make war on the infidels ( originally only polytheists who claimed to be monotheists , not " people of the book " , jesus is seen as the last of the precursors of the prophet muhammed ; the word infidel had different historical uses , notably used by the crusaders to refer to the muslims they were fighting against ) .
the valparaiso university crusaders are the eighteen intercollegiate teams that compete in the national collegiate athletic association 's division i for valparaiso university .
the sittingbourne crusaders are a british speedway team based in iwade , england who currently race in the conference league .
born in belfast , lockhart began his professional career with crusaders after playing at semi - professional level with h&w welders and carrick rangers .
bertran surrendered promptly to the crusaders under simon de montfort in may 1218 and did homage to simon for his lands .
fresh crusaders could no longer reach riga , which continued to be under threat from the livs .
the bishop 's body was buried by the crusaders at üxküll , and was later transferred to riga by albert of riga , whom archbishop hartwig of bremen had appointed berthold 's successor .
for a full month were the hungarians camped in there awaiting the german crusaders , the wallachian duke and the bohemians .
the sequel introduces a new mew mew , berry shirayuki , who becomes the temporary leader of the mew mews while they face a new threat in the form of the saint rose crusaders .
in 2009 , nick youngquest played for english championship team ; gateshead thunder , where he caught the eye of brian noble , the coach for crusaders rl .
the abbey existed there for 200 years , one of many such small groups in jerusalem during the city 's occupation by the crusaders .
the founder of the despotate , michael i komnenos doukas settled byzantine families of refugees , such as the filanthropinoi , strategopouloi , etc , who fled constantinople after the fall of the city to the crusaders of the fourth crusade and later to the bulgarians under ivan asen ii .
in 1265 baibars divided the village of baqa between alam al - din al - zahiry and aladdin al - tankazy when the villages of palestine were divided and given to the mujaheddin who fought against the crusaders and the byzantines .
ali brown made 64 and david thornely 67 not out as middlesex crusaders conceded too many runs at the fine batting track at lord 's , surrey making 200 for 3 .
he signed for the brumbies franchise for the 2005 season , and scored a try on debut against the crusaders .
holy cross 's sports teams were known as the crusaders .
davis was a member of the national advisory council of the crusaders , an influential organization that promoted the repeal of prohibition .
he recently re - signed with the crusaders for the 2009 season .
it is interesting to note that from bambyce ( near which much silk was produced ) were derived the " bombycina vestis " of the romans and , through the crusaders , the bombazine of modern commerce .
a competition where valencia managed to win two qualifying rounds beating crusaders form northern ireland and steaua bucarest , before being eliminated by bayern munich , which had already legendary players like sepp maier and franz beckenbauer .
the first woodwinds at i&amp;e were two saxophonists from the cavaliers , a flautist from pioneer , and an oboist from the oregon crusaders .
fellow christians sometimes gave them gifts of food and money , but more often than not the crusaders simply looted and pillaged whenever the opportunity presented itself .
the south wales scorpions were admitted to championship one ( formerly national league two ) in 2010 , with the majority of their squad being made up of former crusaders juniors .
in 2007 , he joined crusaders , initially on loan , and later on a permanent transfer .
the defeat of the seljuks at dorylaeum was so complete , that the crusaders could practically cross anatolia unchallenged .
egypt extended her territories to syria and palestine , thwarted the fourth crusaders , and halted mongol invasion in 1260 , at the battle of ain jalut .
this series , titled only " the crusaders " , launched in early 1992 .
four days later they came back to defeat essex in the championship to secure promotion , before suffering their fourth consecutive league loss in succession - this time to middlesex crusaders - which left the relegation battle in division two wide open , with four teams tied on points from sixth to ninth place , thus lancashire 's match with worcestershire on 25 september looked to be crucial .
the city subsequently became the centre of the catholic latin empire , created by the crusaders to replace the orthodox byzantine empire , which was divided into a number of splinter states , of which the empire of nicaea was to recapture constantinople in 1261 under the command of michael viii palaeologus .
henderson , who had left the group in 1975 , revived the " jazz crusaders " moniker ( despite sample 's objections ) for 1995 's " happy again " .
with fond memories and deep appreciation of an exceptional man , the sherwood park crusaders have placed a banner in his memory in the sherwood park arena .
the first hospices are believed to have originated in the 11th century when for the first time the incurably ill were permitted into places dedicated to treatment by crusaders .
the crusaders afterwards controlled only tyre , tripoli , and antioch , which saladin likewise attacked in 1188 , although unsuccessfully .
the black cross army / black crusaders .
the original crusaders team of 1996 was captained by all blacks prop richard loe and coached by vance stewart .
mid point in the season , the crusaders lost 5'10 point guard arnold booker santos due to unknown reasons .
more crusaders had deserted before kerbogha arrived , and they joined stephen of blois in tarsus .
leaving castleford tigers will be peter lupton , who is now going to be joining celtic crusaders , andrew henderson ; castlefords captain both times they were relegated into the national league set up has been let go and his joining gateshead thunder to add to the already big number of ex - castleford players .
after the victory there , gaston returned home with his men , as did most of the other crusaders .
coloman managed to rout both of the armies and he denied the entrance of the new armies led by emicho of leiningen and guillaume de melun , but the crusaders laid siege to the fortress of moson defended by coloman .
in 1096 , on the way to the first crusade , peter the hermit led a mob of crusaders who attempted to force the mass conversion of the jews of regensburg and killed all those who resisted .
the 2010 season started on 29 january , when crusaders rl played their rearranged round 4 fixture against leeds rhinos , and will end on 2 october with the 2010 super league grand final .
but despite the victory over other power houses including baldwin bears ( maui champ ) during the semi - final of the state playoffs , when leilehua mules made it to the final game of the playoff of the hhsaa state championship facing against the power house saint louis crusaders .
he was later captured by the crusaders in 1205 and flung to death .
the holy cross crusaders won the ncaa men 's basketball champions in 1947 and nit men 's basketball champions in 1954 , led by future nba hall - of - famers and boston celtic legends bob cousy and tom heinsohn .
during the existence of the latin empire of constantinople , the crusaders were decisively defeated by the bulgarian emperor kaloyan in the battle of adrianople ( 1205 ) .
the fatimids , under the nominal rule of caliph al - musta'li but actually controlled by vizier al - afdal shahanshah , had lost jerusalem to the seljuks in 1073 ( although some older accounts say 1076 ) ; they recaptured it in 1098 from the ortoqids , a smaller turkic tribe associated with the seljuks , just before the arrival of the crusaders .
with the aid of the crusaders , alexios was able to regain the coasts of western anatolia and expand his influence eastwards : in 1104 , a byzantine squadron of 10 ships captured laodicea and other coastal towns as far as tripoli .
all of the crusaders were excommunicated , however , when they set up operation mi'ihen , a joint crusader - al bhed attempt to destroy sin with a giant machina weapon .
capistrano led his crusaders to the turkish rear army across the sava river .
on 26 may 2009 , the crusaders announced they would play the leeds rhinos in newport in a bid to take some games on the road and expand the game in wales .
after uniting their forces , the crusaders advanced first to the christian - held town of afamiya , then toward the muslim host outside shaizar .
the primary team name , crusaders , is slated for change during the 2008 - 2009 academic year , because of connotations that are not entirely positive .
the group shortened their name to " the crusaders " in 1971 , and adopted a jazz - funk style , which really ushered in the genre which came to be known as " jazz fusion " .
the resistance stilled strong for four months , but the crusaders condensed their attacks and they surrounded the whole city abandoning it and its people from any coming support .
located on the path of an old roman road , also used in later periods , called emmaus by the crusaders .
thus , in december , after the arab town of ma'arrat al - numan was captured after a siege , history describes the first occurrence of cannibalism among crusaders .
the bible bowl is a huge football game event where the los angeles baptist knights compete against their rivals , the crusaders from village christian high school .
2002 was a record breaking season for the waratahs , as the team won eight out of their 11 season games and finished in second place behind the crusaders - making the semis .
wigan warriors ' season opener was their first super league xv fixture , against the newly named crusaders rl .
castleford , celtic crusaders , wakefield , st helens and salford are the focus of attentions and were warned in july 2009 that their continued presence in super league after the next round of licensing was in jeopardy .
the crusaders were awarded a super league franchise on july 22 , 2008 , spanning seasons 2009 - 2012 , thus being the first welsh side to appear in european rugby league 's ' top flight ' .
the ugaunians ' southern neighbors , the letts , saw the crusaders as potential allies against their traditional adversaries .
jon wells is the first player to have been awarded a testimonial by harlequins rugby league club and as london broncos , london crusaders and fulham rugby league club never awarded any other player a testimonial this makes wells currently unique as the only player ever to play professional rugby league team in the south of all england to achieve these feat .
they still maintained a fortress at the northern city of tartus , engaged in some coastal raids , and attempted an incursion from the tiny island of ruad , but when they lost that as well in 1302/1303 in the siege of ruad , the crusaders no longer controlled any of the holy land .
he travelled through europe attempting to garner support for his expeditions and on 11 october 1365 he led a mixed cypriot and western force of crusaders ( on 70 ships ) to sack alexandria ( see alexandrian crusade ) .
when the city fell , the crusaders slaughtered most of the city 's muslim and jewish inhabitants , leaving the city " knee deep in blood " .
hannay then played his trade for the gymea gorillas before signing with the celtic crusaders .
the next day , the thursday morning in easter week , while the crusaders held mass , the cumans again ran up to their tents .
on 7 june the crusaders reached jerusalem , which had been recaptured from the seljuks by the fatimids of egypt only the year before .
that nl2 attendance record was broken in the return fixture on thursday , 30 august 2007 between oldham and celtic crusaders , again in front of the sky sports cameras , when 4,327 fans turned up at boundary park beating the old record by 886 .
the crusaders ' high hopes were dashed when they found that altuntash 's wife , made of sterner stuff than her husband , had introduced a damascene garrison into bosra 's citadel .
during the fourth crusade , however , latin crusaders and venetian merchants sacked constantinople itself , looting the church of holy wisdom and various other orthodox holy sites .
in a war with the crusaders against the byzantine empire , serbian duke stefan nemanja conquered prizren in 1189 , but after the defeat of 1191 , had to give the city back to the byzantines .
the second eu cup was held in hamburg , with twelve teams representing austria , belgium , catalonia , czech republic , england , finland , france , germany , netherlands , spain , sweden and a team called eu crusaders .
wiseman came under the influence of the crusaders , an evangelical christian youth organisation , and professed faith at the age of nine , being baptised by full immersion in 1932 .
a fourth theory is that water buffalo were brought from mesopotamia into the near east by arabs and then introduced into europe by pilgrims and returning crusaders .
in 1396 , the city , already controlled by the turks , was sacked and its ottoman inhabitants killed or taken prisoner by french crusaders heading towards nikopol .
baibars ordered the opening of a gate to let the knights of the crusaders enter the town .
in 2002 , the mascot was changed from the crusaders to the sea lions .
the crusaders had successfully taken the city , but were then besieged themselves by a large muslim army led by kerbogha of mosul .
with the elimination of the patriarchate of constantinople by the catholic crusaders bulgaria became the center of the orthodox christianity .
cape cod crusaders 20 11 9 49 33 35 105 0 2
the early 12th century brought the crusaders to palestine .
new zealander scott styris took 3 wickets for middlesex crusaders , and kept the visitors from scoring freely .
middlesex crusaders v durham dynamos .
other notable credits included " four daughters " ( 1938 ) , " juarez " ( 1939 ) , " the great lie " ( 1941 ) , " the maltese falcon " , " old acquaintance " ( 1943 ) , " of human bondage " ( 1946 ) , " june bride " ( 1948 ) , " winter meeting " ( 1948 ) , " the treasure of the sierra madre " ( 1948 ) , " beyond the forest " ( 1949 ) , " the fountainhead " ( 1949 ) , " so big " ( 1953 ) , " king richard and the crusaders " ( 1954 ) , " serenade " ( 1956 ) , " sincerely yours " ( 1956 ) , " too much , too soon " ( 1958 ) , and " cash mccall " ( 1960 ) .
as a result of this apparent desertion of alexius i , the crusaders refused to hand back antioch when they managed to defeat kerbogah 's scattered army .
crusaders submitted plans to the local authority in bridgend to construct a new 15,000 capacity stadium to further aid the development of the club in 2008 .
other musicians walker has worked with over the years include james brown , ray charles , etta james , aretha franklin , smokey robinson , martha & the vandellas , four tops , diana ross , gladys knight & the pips , billy preston , bobby womack , barry white , herbie hancock , lou rawls , johnny bristol , solomon burke , cannonball adderley , b.b. king , pharoah sanders , donald byrd , the crusaders , joe sample , sarah vaughn , sergio mendes , freddie hubbard , stanley turrentine , gerald levert , and boz scaggs .
the crusaders soon moved beyond seljuk territory and went on to capture the holy city from fatimid egypt with great bloodshed in the siege of jerusalem in 1099 .
" jaanipäev " ( " john 's day " in english ) was celebrated long before the arrival of christianity in estonia , although the day was given its name by the crusaders .
mighty crusaders .
crusaders ( dc comics ) .
the carlow crusaders are a rugby league team based in carlow , ireland .
iestyn harris ( born 25 june 1976 in oldham , greater manchester ) is a british former rugby league footballer , who is currently an assistant coach of the celtic crusaders .
he became the sixth coach of the crusaders football team since 1946 .
the crusaders returned in force to lastours in march and pierre - roger de cabaret soon agreed to surrender .
apparently , the english crusaders who helped king afonso henriques ( 1109–1185 ) in the conquest of lisbon in 1147 , introduced a devotion to saint george to portugal .
the knights templars of the crusaders burnt it in a raid in 1242 .
for example , kent became the ' spitfires ' , middlesex the ' crusaders ' and lancashire were the ' lightning ' .
he nonetheless set sail from brindisi , landed in palestine , and through diplomacy he achieved unexpected success : jerusalem , nazareth , and bethlehem were delivered to the crusaders for a period of ten years .
owais shah made a good attempt at getting the highest strike - rate of the opening day of twenty20 cricket , recording 72 runs off only 30 balls to lift middlesex crusaders to an unassailable 210 for 6 .
on june 8 , 1975 , the crusaders were beaten by the kelly twins ( pat and mike ) for the championship , but they won it back two months later on august 24 .
the imperial army was besieging the city of taus since august 8th , when the sight of the approaching and singing hussite relief army led by prokop the bald led to mass panicking among the crusaders , who fled through the bohemian forest .
the crusaders promised to transport them safely , but they were attacked and pillaged , and usama lost his entire library .
he played for canterbury in the npc and he also represents crusaders in the super 14 rugby competition .
during the sack of 1204 , the crusaders looted the city and , among other things , removed the copper quadriga that stood above the " carceres " ; it is now displayed at st. mark 's cathedral in venice .
during the lifetime of the nfl europe , the amsterdam crusaders provided the amsterdam admirals with the bulk of national players coming out of the netherlands .
the crusaders turned towards montpellier and the lands of raymond - roger de trencavel , aiming for the cathar communities around albi and carcassonne .
khalil , believing that the crusaders were negotiating in bad faith , reacted furiously and wanted to kill the two messenger but emir sanjar al - shuja ' pleaded for them and they were sent back to the city .
in jifna , like in many other sites in palestine , the crusaders built their settlement in the heart of the local christian settlement .
the holy cross crusaders are the athletic teams representing the college of the holy cross .
the victory over the force was the one hundredth super rugby win for the crusaders - the first franchise to reach the milestone .
crusaders celebrated their centenary at the royal albert hall in 2006 .
ever since that time nils landren has been involved in most styles equally : jazz and rock , soul and hip hop , big band sessions , and by his own reckoning , at least 500 albums including such internationals stars as abba , the crusaders , eddie harris , bernard " pretty " purdie , wyclef jean and herbie hancock .
the only thing keeping them allied against the crusaders was a common and more threatening enemy to fight .
members of the crusaders include the high - ranked luzzu and the younger , lower - ranked gatta .
kerbogha was defeated and the muslim - held citadel finally surrendered to the crusaders .
cassès and montferrand both fell easily in early june , and the crusaders headed for toulouse .
the crusaders established the county of tripoli there in the twelfth century .
the crusaders arrived on august 1 , 1209 .
these include stephen baxter of crusaders , david jeffrey of linfield , liam beckett , chris morgan and marty quinn .
in 2008 , gibson returned to new zealand to become an assistant coach for super 14 team crusaders .
the village was known as " lubia " by the crusaders and was a rest stop for saladin 's ayyubid army prior to the battle of hattin .
raymond reluctantly made peace with guy after this , and saladin immediately besieged tiberias , rather than pillage the kingdom as the crusaders expected .
it was after the crusaders ' departure from the middle east that the christian communities fell victim to the persecution of the mameluk arabs and the ottoman turks after them .
despite further invasions and attacks by crusaders from the west and mongols / turkic tribes from the east , the turks slowly emerged as a superpower under the ottomans .
at this time , the crusaders was one of norway 's most popular amiga groups .
a detachment from this group of crusaders helped count raymond berenguer iv of barcelona conquer the city of tortosa the following year .
celtic crusaders 42 barrow raiders 12
in 2008 , mapp became captain on the celtic crusaders team .
the popular viewpoint may have influenced the crusaders , and certainly marco polo 's fabled account of his visit to alamut in 1273 makes reference to it .
after plundering basra , he joined the crusaders in their attempt upon aleppo , and afterward incited a young brother of the sultan to rebel and make a dash upon the capital ; but the caliph with 12,000 men , anticipating their movements , defended the city .
some of the crusaders converted to islam , while others who refused to abandon their faith were killed .
but in reality neither the seljuks , nor the caliph , nor their amirs , had any enthusiasm in war against crusaders .
so , the army of crusaders attacked them first .
perkins also played in the pdl for the cape cod crusaders in 2002 and 2003 .
however , following the personal acceptance of christianity by grand duke mindaugas of lithuania , the teutonic knights and a group of crusaders from lübeck moved into sambia , founding unopposed a fort in 1252 recorded as " memele castrum " ( or " memelburg " , " memel castle " ) .
they decided that 12 electors ( six venetians and six crusaders ) should choose a latin emperor .
the sack of some thracian towns helped alexios ' situation a little , but meanwhile hostility between the restive crusaders and the inhabitants of constantinople was growing .
after sesay missed both shots , the crusaders came up with possession -- from their basket , and with only 2.5 seconds remaining in the game .
derounian was a tireless investigator of subversive activity , and claimed to have joined numerous " patriotic " groups , some of which he listed in the opening of his book " under cover " : national socialist white people 's party ( harold covington ) , german american bund , christian front , the ultra - american , nationalist party , american nationalist party , american women against communism , the gray shirts , america first committee , no foreign war committee , christian mobilizers , american destiny party , american brotherhood of christians congress , the ethiopian pacific movement , citizens protective league , social justice distributors club , the american defense society , anglo - saxon federation of america , paul revere sentinels , ra - con klub , crusaders for americanism , inc. , we the fathers ( auxiliary to we the mothers mobilize for america ) , " the christian mobilizer " , phalanx , pax ( secret gun club ) , national workers league , yankee freemen , cross and the flag , committee of one million , flanders hall , american patriots , american bulletin , national gentile league .
