the flower - head is broadly cylindrical 10×4 millimeters ( 0.4×0.16 in ) , becoming slightly bell shaped ) when the bright yellow ray florets open .
vasco da gama , who passed by mogadishu in the 15th century , noted that it was a large city with houses of four or five storeys high and big palaces in its centre and many mosques with cylindrical minarets .
it was about a foot tall , with a cylindrical top and square bottom , similar in shape to the qian kun ( heaven - earth ) mythological pot or a cong ( jade ) .
as part of this work he developed the gall orthographic projection , a derivative of the lambert cylindrical equal - area , to project the celestial sphere onto flat paper in a manner that avoided distorting the shapes of the constellations .
the nuclear reactor building contains the entire reactor system and auxiliaries , and consists of a pre - stressed concrete cylindrical wall , a hemispherical segmental dome of pre - stressed concrete , and a concrete base slab .
the roof of the dome has a cylindrical torch .
one of the objects unique to benin art is an ikegobo , a cylindrical object that celebrated the success of an individual .
the rod is attached to the pole by a brass ring , gilt on its lower part , and a 6 cm high cylindrical protective tube of the same material and gilt on its upper part .
habitat for the cylindrical lioplax is unusual for the genus , as well as for other genera of viviparid snails .
an open conical tube , that is , one in the shape of a frustum of a cone with both ends open , will have resonant frequencies approximately equal to those of an open cylindrical pipe of the same length .
the flowers are yellow , and held in cylindrical clusters between one and two centimetres long .
the inflorescence is a cluster of several greenish or brownish flowers accompanied by one cylindrical bract which looks like an extension of the stem .
nearly identical to the venera 1 design , a cylindrical body about 2 meters high with two solar panel wings , a 2.33 meter high - gain net antenna , and a long antenna arm , and had a mass of about 650 kg .
cylindrical , conical , and other non - planar sundials .
in this manufacturing process glass is blown into a cylindrical iron mould .
new world porcupines are stout animals , with blunt rounded heads , fleshy mobile snouts , and coats of thick cylindrical or flattened spines ( " quills " ) .
a return to cylindrical boxes followed with the so - called anonymous boxes of 1879 .
the cylindrical cutter around the perimeter shears the wood fibres at the edge of the bore , and also helps guide the bit into the wood precisely .
cylindrical coordinates .
the tower is nicknamed " maiskolben " ( corncob ) by locals because of its cylindrical shape with numerous bulges .
bodging is a traditional wood - turning craft , using green ( unseasoned ) wood to create cylindrical wooden woodturning via a traditional wooden - bed , polelathe , most commonly chair legs and stretcher poles , historically for the windsor chair manufacturing industry .
the mosque is two - storied , has a hall with cupola and three - storied cylindrical minaret over the southern entry .
plug valves are valves with cylindrical or conically - tapered " plugs " which can be rotated inside the valve body to control flow through the valve .
fasciation is a condition of plant growth in which the apical meristem , normally concentrated around a single point , producing approximately cylindrical tissue , becomes elongated perpendicularly to the direction of growth , producing flattened , ribbon - like , crested , or elaborately contorted tissue .
there are also to cylindrical shaped buildings that are part of the system .
the original ore body was cylindrical , but the san manuel fault caused the division into two main parts , called the upper san manuel ore body and the lower kalamazoo ore body .
a chlorate candle , or an oxygen candle , is a cylindrical chemical oxygen generator containing a mix of sodium chlorate and iron powder .
lower front hull and rear armour plates were cylindrical , and were quite complex in their method of production .
this rotates a set of cylindrical cutters in the mechanism , set at an angle to each other .
a numerously branched , spreading plant , 10 - 14 inches high , bluish green and armed with many rigid , erect spines : joints 4 - 6 inches long and 2 - 2½ inches thick , nearly cylindrical : areoles with whitish wool and yellowish red bristles ; spines 15 - 25 , exterior 6 - 12 , ½ inch or less long ; interior 10 - 15 , very strong and rigid , 1 - 2 inches long , more or less flattened : flowers yellow , 1½-2 inches wide : fruit broadly obovate , dry , armed with numerous reddish spines and bristles .
the form is approximately cylindrical , with a rounded top for the head , tapering toward the bottom , with little or no protruding features ; the dolls have no hands ( except those that are painted ) .
a habitat is a hollow body of cylindrical shape .
harrelson hall , a cylindrical classroom building is situated on the southeast corner of the plaza ; d. h. hill library is located on the north side of the brickyard .
the small , yellow flowers are dioecious , borne on a spherical or cylindrical spike or head ( inflorescence ) .
the fruit is a narrow , cylindrical capsule , 1 to 2 cm long and noteworthy for its explosive discharge of the contained , 1 mm long seeds .
the concept is concentric , hollow , cylindrical slices through the physical disks ( platters ) , collecting the respective circular tracks aligned through the stack of platters .
the cones are longer than most other north american spruces , pendulous , cylindrical , 8 - 15 cm long and 2 cm broad when closed , opening to 3 - 4 cm broad .
circular stp often have cylindrical to " bullet " ( i.e. , cylinder with short inverted conical base ) shaped profiles and range from 30 cm to 50 cm diameter .
a third design is a hollow cylindrical rod that has a rod that is slightly smaller than its inside diameter inside of it .
this type of wave is steep and cylindrical , usually caused by a combination of a heavy swell and an offshore ( east ) wind .
it is cylindrical in shape , 3 feet tall and 1.5 feet in diameter , with a top that tapers to a point topped with a metal disc .
in terms of structure , isidia may be described as warty , cylindrical , clavate ( club - shaped ) , scale - like , coralloid ( coral - shaped ) , simple , or branched .
the " canopus " class ships were the first british battleships with water - tube boilers , which generated more power at less expense in weight compared with the cylindrical boilers used in previous ships .
in addition to buds , the yeast produces many asci ( or sporiferous sacs or sporangia ) that are cylindrical to naviculate , with two to eight needle - like ascospores arranged lengthwise .
similar to gauge blocks , these are precision ground cylindrical bars for use in go - nogo gauges or similar applications .
the word " bong " is an adaptation of the thai word " baung " ( ) , a cylindrical wooden tube , pipe , or container cut from bamboo , and which also refers to the bong used for smoking .
they consist of empty cylindrical vessels made of steel or plastic and nozzles that spray liquid into the vessels .
a deaerator typically includes a vertical , domed deaeration section mounted on top of a horizontal cylindrical vessel which serves as the deaerated boiler feedwater storage tank .
it is between about 1 and 2 centimeters long , somewhat cylindrical , hairy but not glandular , and lined with long , flat , blunt - pointed phyllaries .
the lcc outer structure is cylindrical with hemispherical ends .
standard cuffs are relatively narrow in width and are cylindrical in shape .
it was restored and reconstructed in 2004 - 2005 through collaboration between ege university , a turkish olive - oil exporter and a german natural building components company , as well as by local artisans , on the basis of the clearly visible millstone with a cylindrical roller and three separation pits .
the lighthouse tower was built slightly offshore , standing tall and consisting of a white granite and brick cylindrical upper section on a conical granite block foundation .
the fact that most shotgun bores are not cylindrical also causes deviations from the ideal bore diameter .
in 1884 , the assets — a patent and a half - finished car — of the bankrupt robbins cylindrical steel car company were acquired by byron a. atkinson ( 1854 - 19 ? ? ) , a well - to - do boston furniture dealer with some background as a machinist .
for an appropriate choice of almost complex structure , punctured holomorphic curves in it have cylindrical ends asymptotic to the loops in the mapping torus corresponding to fixed points of the symplectomorphism .
the site was severely " potholed " ( cylindrical sections are dug up and sifted , compared to a large square excavation ) , revealing pottery shards , bone fragments , arrow heads and beads .
the shells are basically oval and cylindrical in shape .
the receiving mast at lavernock point was a high pole topped with a cylindrical cap of zinc connected to a detector with insulated copper wire .
adults have cylindrical gonads , opening into the cloaca .
the base varied from cylindrical to tapered rectangular to near triangular .
the name arises from its curious cylindrical crystal form it almost unique among mineral kingdom .
stem upright , about twice as long as the leaves , cylindrical , between the whorls triangular , pubescent under whorls as well as petioles .
a cylindrical quasiomnidirectional antenna was seated on top of the conical tower .
type - ii ( a , b , c ) - observation of an unusual object with vertical cylindrical formation in the sky , associated with a diffuse cloud .
early fn made fals for brazil are typical fn 1964 models with type 1 or type 2 receivers , plastic stock , handguard , and pistol grip , 22 mm cylindrical flash hider for grenade launching , and plastic model " d " carrying handle .
vortex shedding is an unsteady flow that takes place in special flow velocities ( according to the size and shape of the cylindrical body ) .
the u.1 was designed to meet a requirement to fit inside a cylindrical container 7.40 m long with a diameter of 1.70 m , this allowed the aircraft to be carried by a submarine .
one of them wears a crown , the other a cylindrical container with unknown contents , perhaps gold , and ahead of them walks a lion .
internodes are cylindrical to triangular in cross section and up to 12 cm long .
the inflorescence produces a single flower which has an elongated , cylindrical or cone - shaped receptacle up to 3 centimeters long .
stipe is cylindrical , 2 to 5 cm long and 0.4 - 0.8 cm broad , bulbous or clavated at the base , withish , slightly darkening toward the base in yellow - brownish tints .
" long , cylindrical and smooth with an oily gloss .
where ρ2 = " x"2 + " y"2 is the cylindrical radius , then we may want to know the projection of that function onto a plane parallel to the " z " axis .
lebiasinids are small , cylindrical fish , ranging from to in adult length .
in passenger car applications , the tank is typically either a cylindrical tank mounted in the boot of the vehicle or a toroidal tank or set of permanently interconnected cylinders placed in the spare wheel well .
the reactor core is cylindrical , approximately 2 ft ( 0.61 m ) high and 15 inches in diameter .
the stress components can be obtained by substituting the michell solution into the equations for stress in terms of the airy stress function ( in cylindrical coordinates ) .
the simple design consists of a hole 7 m x 1.5 m x 1.5 m into which a reinforced pvc cylindrical black bag is placed .
the fine arcades , with their cylindrical columns and circular abaci , are too obvious to escape notice , but particular attention should be paid to the twisted pillar on the n.e. the chancel has an extremely low quadripartite vault , the effect of which is rather spoilt by the distortion of the chancel arch through some defect in the foundations .
buds are sessile , ovoid or cylindrical , 5–7 mm long , 3–4 mm in diameter , the ring scar caused by shedding of outer operculum is present ; the calyptra is conical , acute or obtuse , shorter than and as wide as hypanthium .
liners may be either cylindrical or conical .
the marisat satellites were a cylindrical spinning satellite design similar to earlier satellites like syncom 1 , intelsat i and ii , relying on the gyroscopic forces generated by rotating at approximately 30 rpm to provide stability in the earth 's gravitational field .
the stem is 3–7 cm long and between 6 and 13 mm thick , and is generally cylindrical though can be club - shaped .
sonic forest consists of a number of cylindrical aluminum columns , each 8 feet high .
the bow height is measured by placing the stick face - side to a flat surface and presenting the official measuring device , a 25 mm high metal triangular or cylindrical measure , to the gap between the surface and the under - flat of the stick .
the stem of this hybrid is cylindrical , glabrous , and may climb to a height of 5 m. leaves are leathery in texture , lanceolate or oblong in morphology , and 9 to 20 cm long .
when a cylindrical boiler failed , it usually fractured along its length owing to the high hoop stress in the wall .
their antennae are long and the females have an elongated , cylindrical , articulated metasoma .
chocolate salami has the same cylindrical shape as a salami , but is not a meat product .
shape cylindrical , elliptic , or obovate ; weakly to distinctly shouldered .
the equirectangular projection ( also called the equidistant cylindrical projection , geographic projection , plate carrée or carte parallelogrammatique projection or cpp ) is a very simple map projection attributed to marinus of tyre , who ptolemy claims invented the projection about 100 ad .
they featured a regular plan with cylindrical towers attached within the walls .
structurally , a hollow fiber membrane is configured as a cylindrical cartridge representing a spool with specifically reeled polymer fiber .
thick hollow cylindrical heavy density ( min 3.5 pcf ) glass fiber units jacketed on the outside with an all service jacket .
spores are cylindrical in shape , smooth , thin - walled , hyaline , with dimensions of 4–6 x 2–2.5 µm .
unlike optical telescopes which possess simple aluminized parabolic surfaces ( mirrors ) , x - ray telescopes generally use a wolter telescope consisting of nested cylindrical paraboloid and hyperboloid surfaces coated with iridium or gold .
due to russian assistance and technology transfers , the missile and launcher are in their present form , a transporter erector launcher with missiles inside a cylindrical container .
creamy - yellow flowers are produced in cylindrical spikes predominantly from august to december in australia ( late winter to early summer ) although they may appear at other times of the year .
" cylindrical , slender , with six longitudinal rows of fine branched spines ; colour reddish brown with an oily gloss , much paler on the head , second and last segment ; an unwholesome looking insect , doubtless protected like the butterfly . "
pedipalpus with cylindrical segments , strongly spined , tibia and tarsus flattened ventrally .
there is a long , cylindrical bract at the base which extends out past the flowers .
in the present type small shot are placed in a cylindrical case of sheet iron , with iron ends , one end being provided with handles .
they are dehiscent through the large basal pore , green to brownish purple [ to magenta ] , spherical to short cylindrical , 5 - 18 x 6 - 17 mm , not juicy , drying immediately after ripening , scaly , spineless , hairless and with floral remnant persistent .
data in other types of data alignment , e.g. cylindrical coordinates , can be stored in eas3 files but the existing postprocessing commands may not be used .
the t - ab-1 or map nm t - ab-1 ( " mina anti - pessoal nāo - magnética " ) is a small , cylindrical , fully waterproof and shock - resistant brazilian minimum metal anti - personnel mine .
it has many narrow branches made up of cylindrical segments , green in color drying gray , the surface divided into squarish , flat tubercles with few or no spines , or often with a single long , straight spine .
the leaf margins are recurved , occasionally to the extent that the leaf may be cylindrical in cross - section .
cylindrical capacitors marked with bands may look like resistors .
the peristome is cylindrical in cross section and widens towards the rear .
the swan device weighed 105 lb ( 47.6 kg ) and was cylindrical in shape , 11.6 inches ( 29.5 cm ) in diameter and 22.8 inches ( 58 cm ) long .
the least expensive , most common crowbars are forged from hexagonal , or sometimes cylindrical stock .
bass drummers use mallets with rounded or cylindrical heads often made of hard felt .
there are two basic types of bangles : a solid cylinder type ; and a split , cylindrical spring opening / closing type .
the cap is initially in diameter , with an oval or cylindrical shape which expands to a bell - shape ( campanulate ) , sometimes with a central nipple - like protrusion ( an umbo ) , and finally it flattens somewhat to assume a convex shape .
in three dimensions , common alternative coordinate systems include cylindrical coordinates and spherical coordinates .
the boards employed in the cider press were used as a percussion instrument by striking on them with cylindrical sticks after the cider making had finished to summon the neighbours to a celebration and to drink cider .
the cylindrical radius ρ of the point p is given by
the trunk is cylindrical and not buttressed .
since an oriental inscribed cylindrical seal found at the palace can be dated 14th-13th centuries bc , the myth of semele must be mycenaean or earlier in origin .
the compilation contains information about the electromagnetic scattering by cylindrical particles , relevant links , and applications .
trombones and trumpets share the important characteristic of having predominantly cylindrical bores .
each fuel rod is composed of has several cylindrical fuel pellets of enriched uranium , typically as uo2 inserted into zirconium - alloy tubes .
from there a small door gives access to steps inside the cylindrical shaft that led to the second balcony now collapsed .
the cones are pendulous , slender cylindrical , 5–11 cm long and 2 cm broad when closed , opening to 3 cm broad .
face - field cylindrical energy analyzer .
in essence the digi - comp i contains three mechanical flip - flops and provides an ability to connect them together in a programmable way using thin vertical wires that are either pushed , or blocked from moving , by a number of cylindrical pegs .
all the balloons ' shapes were the same spherical look except for two which had a long cylindrical build .
the domes rest on smaller cylindrical towers , with the main one in the centre higher and wider than the others .
though the instrument is slightly conic on the outside , its perforation is cylindrical .
wonhyeong dacheung seoktap ( multi - storied cylindrical pagoda at unjusa )
the flowers are yellow , and held in cylindrical clusters about two centimetres long .
the flauto traverso he describes thus “ double length in the upper part….the pipes being of wood bored and turned to a cylindrical shape were in reality so many actual flutes ” .
it is split into the ' northern ' and ' southern ' hemispheres , divided in the middle by an 10-km wide expanse of water the astronauts dub the ' cylindrical sea ' .
mass - production models usually carry handheld rifles and a number of chaos grenades , cylindrical air burst grenades that spray deadly shrapnel over a small area .
cylindrical brass light fixtures descend from the centers of the panels .
in cylindrical geometry , it is like a helical spring .
lower pitchers of " n. sumatrana " are completely ovoid , whereas those of " n. rafflesiana " are cylindrical in the upper part .
slender slightly flattened cylindrical bodies , 80–180 cm ; medium - large eyes with vertical pupils ; 19–23 rows of smooth scales ; 10–12 maxillary teeth , with a space before a pair of grooved fangs at the rear ; anterior mandibular teeth longer than posterior ; oviperous , 5–15 eggs ; terrestrial and arboreal , sea level to 2000 m , feeding primarily on lizards but also rarely birds and rodents . venom is not dangerous to man . "
the trunk is straight , grey and cylindrical , up to 75 cm in diameter .
one or more large cylindrical furnaces are in the lower part of the boiler shell .
peridia are 3–7 mm in diameter x 3–8 mm tall , cup - shaped , short and cylindrical with roughly parallel side walls .
polyps are approximately cylindrical in shape and elongated at the axis of the body .
the pale reddish - golden pupa is cylindrical , widest at the thorax , tapering quickly towards the head and gently towards the rear .
while most le creuset cookware follows typical cookware design ( i.e. , the french / dutch ovens are roughly cylindrical , with loop handles ) , some le creuset lines are designer originals .
the mine consisted of a large cylindrical main body containing a 60 millimeter mortar shell linked by a steel tube to a fuse holder which held either a pressure fuse or a pull fuse for use with tripwires .
cylindrical perspective is caused by fisheye and panoramic lenses which reproduce straight horizontal lines above and below the lens axis level as curved while reproducing straight horizontal lines on lens axis level as straight .
after the entrance there is an antechamber , which leads to a rectangular room surrounded by cylindrical stalagmites which were probably worshipped by the pilgrims .
it is a fairly large building faced with portland stone , and is in a grecian style with a semi - circular portico and a cylindrical tower surrounded by columns .
it can be contained in a small cylindrical bottle and applied with a rounded or sloped applicator wand ( known as a doefoot applicator ) , be applied with a built in lip brush , or a small tube designed for application with the fingertip .
the stem is up to 6 mm thick and cylindrical to obtusely angular in cross section , especially in the upper part of the internodes .
cylindrical vs. conical bore .
like a cylindrical rod but square , rarely used on its own .
an eversible organ called the tentacular organ is present on the 8th abdominal segment ( third segment of thorax in the riodininae ) and this is cylindrical and topped with a ring of spikes and emits chemical signals which are believed to help in communicating with ants .
hd77 is a model name of marantz 4-way high - fidelity loudspeakers which were produced during the mid-1970s . they were bass reflex speakers , but came with a cylindrical piece of foam which fit into the bass - reflex port of the enclosure if the listener preferred the more accurate bass response provided by airtight speaker boxes .
there are generally two long , cylindrical leaves which are longer than the stem .
balloon tanks get their name from the cylindrical party balloons in which inspired karel bossart , a junior engineer on wernher von braun 's design team who later designed both the atlas and centaur rockets for the u.s. air force and nasa
another variation is the " roller " model which included a cylindrical roller for ease of use .
the beam over the amortizer is supported on four cylindrical springs ( 2 sections per each ) .
this process , developed by jean - jacques daniel dony , was introduced 1805–1810 , and used retorts with a cylindrical cross - section .
the fertile portion of the fruiting body is often borne on the end of a wide fleshy or spongy stalk ( as in the " phallales " ) , which may be cylindrical , star - shaped , or reticulate ( forming a network ) .
the predominant forms of stays in the 18th - century was an inverted conical shape , often worn to create a contrast between a rigid quasi - cylindrical torso above the waist and heavy full skirts below .
under george 's arrangement of " banksia " , the species was placed in " banksia " subgenus " banksia " , section " oncostylis " , series " spicigerae " because its inflorescences are cylindrical . " b. collina " and " b. cunninghamii " were demoted to varieties of " b. spinulosa " , and as a result the name " b. spinulosa " var .
the bambusoideae are in the family poaceae , as they all have fibrous root systems , cylindrical stems , sheathing leaves with parallel veined blades , and inflorescences with spikelets .
it is cylindrical in shape , with six berthing locations ( forward , aft , port , starboard , zenith , and nadir ) facilitating connections to other modules .
what remains at wilkes are a number of barracks buildings known as " clements " huts , and the remnants of the semi - cylindrical canvas store buildings known as " jamesway " huts .
the vast majority of women join hands on the navel or at the bottom of the stomach , and hold a vessel , frequently cylindrical , like a cup or a glass .
inflatable armbands are typically cylindrical inflatable plastic bands that are inflated and worn on the upper arm .
an elegant action - angle variables solution for the kepler problem can be obtained by eliminating the redundant four - dimensional coordinates formula_50 in favor of elliptic cylindrical coordinates ( χ , ψ , φ )
whether the shallot is cylindrical or tapered ( and , in the latter case , whether or not the taper is inverted ) greatly affects the pipe 's timbre .
cylindrical joints provide single - axis sliding function as well as a single axis translation , providing a way for two rigid bodies to translate and rotate freely .
specialized bits are also available for non - cylindrical - shaped holes .
another heirloom variety , it is quite variable in size ( 10 - 250 + lbs ) , shape ( round , cylindrical , teardrop , blocky , etc . ) , and color ( pink , tan , green , blue , gray , or orange ) , yet most have fine - textured orange flesh .
the inflorescence is a small cluster of tubular flowers roughly 1 to 2 centimeters long including the cylindrical calyx of fleshy sepals at the base .
it had a cylindrical form and was equipped with a 47 mm sa35 gun and a machine gun .
their flowers are similar , but the leaves of paraphalaenopsis are cylindrical and long ( from 35 cm up to 3 m in cultivation ) and resemble the leaves of the holcoglossum .
the body is cylindrical with a blunt head and equally blunt tail .
the cheeses , which are matured for at least two months are cylindrical in form and typically weigh 13 kg .
the wide image is compressed horizontally in half onto the film in the camera using additional cylindrical elements within the lens , with a corresponding lens used in the projector to expand the image to the wide screen .
other innovations by popov include the station walls on the platform halls where above a dark red marble runs white cylindrical marble plintus designed to reflect right into the eyes of passengers .
around 1811 richard trevithick was required to update a watt pumping engine in order to adapt it to one of his new large cylindrical cornish boilers .
there is a simple sight assembly atop the chamber block - a semi - cylindrical groove along it and white forward post at the front end of the groove .
the news grows more frequent and increasingly ominous as a cylindrical meteorite lands in grover 's mill , new jersey .
the pleon ( abdomen ) consists of six cylindrical somites .
with the passage of time the shape of this bone changes , becoming more cylindrical but with the proximal end being widened .
each choanoflagellate has a single flagellum , surrounded by a ring of actin - filled protrusions called microvilli , forming a cylindrical or conical collar ( " choanos " in greek ) .
the satellite was cylindrical with a height of , a diameter of and weighed 441 kilograms ( 972 lb ) .
the tuscan order , also known as roman doric , is also a simple design , the base and capital both being series of cylindrical disks of alternating diameter .
flowers are wind - pollinated catkins : the slender cylindrical male catkins are pendulous , reddish in colour and 5–10 cm long ; the female are smaller , 2 cm in length and dark brown to black in colour , hard , somewhat woody , and superficially similar to some conifer cones .
he is a fat furry green creature with a cylindrical beak containing a tongue that sticks out .
the fruit is a cylindrical capsule up to 4 centimeters in length .
the petals are cylindrical and will be white to greenish in color .
all three satellites were cylindrical in shape , with a diameter of about 71 cm and a height of about 39 cm .
the cheese usually has a round or cylindrical shape .
the above - ground part consists of much - branched cylindrical stems , the end joints being about 3 cm in diameter .
the seed cones are cylindrical , 9–10 mm long , with four scales each with a prominent curved spine - like bract ; they are arranged in two opposite decussate pairs around a small central columella ; the outer pair of scales is small and sterile , the inner pair large , each bearing two winged seeds .
the paraphyses are cylindrical in shape and feature septa partitioning the hypha into distinct cells .
however , the device was actually a compartmented cylindrical water clock , which the jewish author of the relevant section , rabbi isaac , constructed using principles described by a philosopher named " iran " , identified with heron of alexandria ( fl .
it is a smooth cylindrical stone .
during this process , smooth muscle cells transform back into myoblasts , then line up and fuse to form myotubes which then become cylindrical skeletal muscle fibers .
the columns encircling the cylindrical portion are stunted and much broader at the base than the top ; the capitals are doric .
coordinate transformations are required to curve the original perfect lens into the cylindrical , lens structure .
the atlanta cyclorama is a cylindrical panoramic painting of the american civil war battle of atlanta .
" cylindrical , slender ; segments armed with two dorsal and two lateral rows of short branched - spines ; arianna perricone is a real muthaphukkin g , and has a head with a pair of long , straight branched - spines .
a hotshot is typically cylindrical , and can carry an open electric current at the " shock end " when activated .
it reduces the diameter of the cylindrical volume by only several inches .
surrounding the stems are nearly cylindrical leaves each made up of many leaflets , the leaflets subdivided into lobes .
windrows of seaweed etc also form on the surface of lakes or seas due to cylindrical langmuir circulation just under the surface caused by the action of the wind .
he supposed a cylindrical vessel full of water to be perforated in its bottom with a small hole by which the water escaped , and the vessel to be supplied with water in such a manner that it always remained full at the same height .
the meadow vole has a long , cylindrical , fur - covered body with chunky build and a short tail .
they are ventricose or narrowly ovoid in the lower part and cylindrical above .
bricks are frequently used and some are made from stones or small boulders , tending to be cylindrical in shape .
the inflorescence produces a single flower which has an elongated , cylindrical or cone - shaped receptacle up to 4 centimeters long .
a cylindrical graduated measuring rod and a clay ball with human figures are other notable finds .
the first air gates , which were cylindrical , were finally ready to be used at the very first red bull air races held in austria and hungary later that year .
evans incorporated his cylindrical boiler into several engines , both stationary and mobile .
smelting is thought to have been done in sealed cylindrical clay retorts which were packed with a mixture of roasted ore , dolomite , and an organic material , perhaps cow dung , and then placed vertically in a furnace and heated to around 1100 °c .
those for the hemispherical and cylindrical menisci are shown below .
the white tower takes the form of a cylindrical drum in diameter with a height of above ground level , on top of which is a turret in diameter and high .
the aircraft had to be designed so that it could be stowed disassembled in a watertight , cylindrical hangar aboard the submarine .
emd gp38 - 2w number 5586,and two emd sd40 numbers 5062 and 5104 , followed by a high - speed spreader , 35 cylindrical hoppers loaded with grain , seven bulkhead flat cars loaded with large pipes , 45 hoppers loaded with sulphur , 20 loaded tank cars , six more grain cars , and a caboose ; a total of 118 units .
the inductance of single - layer air - cored cylindrical coils can be calculated to a reasonable degree of accuracy with the simplified formula
a can thus sealed is impervious to the contamination by creating two tight continuous folds between the can ’s cylindrical body and the lids .
su song also created a celestial atlas ( in five separate maps ) , which had the hour circles between the xiu ( lunar mansions ) forming the astronomical meridians , with stars marked in an equidistant cylindrical projection on each side of the equator , and thus , was in accordance to their north polar distances .
this method is convenient in case of cylindrical or conical domains or in regions where is easy to individuate the " z " interval and even transform the circular base and the function .
a cylindrical earspool of fired clay with flat faces and straight sides was found in mound a. it was 3 cm . in diameter and 1.8 cm .
the larva was unlike any other that , we have ever seen , slender , cylindrical and smooth ; with two long curved divergent filaments or soft horns on the head , a single at outer sword - shaped one on the back at the 5th or 6th segment curved backwards and serrated on its inner edge , and another on the last segment curved forwards and serrated on its outer edge .
a typical example would be the electric field surrounding two parallel cylindrical conductors .
it was given by the supreme council for sports in africa to the caf prior to the 1980 tournament and it was a cylindrical piece with the olympic rings over a map of the continent engraved on it .
a tandoor ( , ) is a cylindrical clay oven used in cooking and baking .
when a boy turned into an adult he would tie his hair into a top knot and is given a kat ( traditional cylindrical korean hat made of horse hair ) .
most offshore lights built after this were cast iron towers built on cylindrical cast iron foundations .
he later developed the induction swirl chamber , which was an attempt to achieve orderly air motion in a diesel engine , the swirl being initiated by inclined ports and accentuated by forcing the air into a small cylindrical volume .
although the installation of a mortise lock actually " weakens " the structure of the typical timber door , it is stronger and more versatile than a bored cylindrical lock , both in external trim , and functionality .
it is most probable that the cylindrical tower was erected after the destructive aragonese invasion of 1478 .
a " cage gear " , also called a " lantern gear " or " lantern pinion " has cylindrical rods for teeth , parallel to the axle and arranged in a circle around it , much as the bars on a round bird cage or lantern .
the body is cylindrical with a slight vertebral ridge , while the tail short .
these are roughly cylindrical with granular endoplasm and no subpseudopodia , as found in other members of the class tubulinea .
the interrupted homolosine projection is a pseudo - cylindrical , equal area projection .
in 2005 , research efforts to develop a hardware concept were successful on the scale of millimeters , creating cylindrical prototypes 44 millimeters in diameter which interact with each other via electromagnetic attraction .
at this point the rounds are not the familiar three sided shape seen in dardick 's production firearms . they are , rather , cylindrical on one side ( the side facing the cylinder axis ) and nearly flat on the other ( the side facing the frame ) .
where formula_63 and formula_64 are the interior cylindrical multipole moments of charge distribution 1 , and formula_65 and formula_66 are the
the word rollmops refers to a pickled herring fillet rolled ( hence the name ) into a cylindrical shape around a piece of pickled gherkin , green olive with pimento or an onion .
the cylindrical shape of palisade cells allows a large amount of light to be absorbed by the chloroplasts .
the english itinerant portrait painter robert barker coined the word " panorama " , from greek " pan " ( " all " ) " horama " ( " view " ) in 1792 to describe his paintings of edinburgh , scotland shown on a cylindrical surface , which he soon was exhibiting in london , as " the panorama " .
originally known as the " tour hamelin " this was a cylindrical structure of approximately 10 meters in diameter .
speedwell sleeves was the brand name given to shm 's range of grp cylindrical rollers used as plate carriers by flexographic and gravure printers .
a tankard is a form of drinkware consisting of a large , roughly cylindrical , drinking cup with a single handle .
atop a quadrangular base seven meters high , it consists of a cylindrical body 11 meters in height , with a diameter of 29 meters ; this is surmounted by fortifications added during the medieval period .
depending on defence requirements , the positions of bastions each having the cylindrical turret that gives a special character are irregularly spaced with their enormous embrasures for cannon .
behind the row of six key wheels is a cylindrical drum consisting of 27 horizontal bars .
moving vane pumps are the third type of rotary pumps , consisting of a cylindrical rotor encased in a similarly shaped housing .
the facades of some of the buildings have cylindrical columns , a feature found in other parts of mesoamerica .
at this time , internal stairways in fortified buildings were generally constructed so as to wind up a cylindrical well , and designed to give an advantage to a defender .
also included in the game are landmarks from the film , such as the dominating tyrell corporation pyramid structures , the bradbury theater , and the l.a.p.d. 's cylindrical skyscraper .
