the catholic church 's restriction on eating meat during lent does not apply to the capybara , as early missionaries gave a faulty description to the pope , leading him to declare it a fish .
a project that needs the hibernate - library simply has to declare hibernate 's project coordinates in its pom .
the first quarter storm was one of the factors that led president ferdinand marcos to declare martial law two years later in 1972 .
a player who wins the right to score sequences can then also declare any other sequences in his / her hand and score them at the end .
similarly , those who are self - employed or run small businesses may not declare income and evade the payment of taxes .
in other contexts , to exonerate can mean simply to free somebody from blame or guilt : to declare officially that somebody is not to blame or is not guilty of wrongdoing .
diplomatic efforts once again failed , as viceroy serna did not agree to declare independence , and san martín did not accept serna 's proposal of acceptance by the independentists of the spanish constitution of 1812 and the sending emissaries to the cortes generales .
adequate funding , strong political will to see transplant outcomes improve , and the existence of specialized training , care and facilities also increase donation rates . expansive legal definitions of death , such as spain uses , also increase the pool of eligible donors by allowing physicians to declare a patient to be dead at an earlier stage , when the organs are still in good physical condition .
members elected to any county government position are required to declare a party affiliation and be a resident of the county .
in parliament , was parliamentary secretary to the premier and to the treasurer on trade and investment until november 2009 , when he was replaced by premier nathan rees after revelations he failed to declare gifts and accommodation from chinese - backed construction group hightrade .
this remaining player has then " won the bid " and therefore gets to declare the " briscola " , i.e. the trump suit .
declamatio ( latin , " to declare " ) is the established rhetorical device of adopting the persona of an ancient figure to express a particular viewpoint or perspective .
this lead buckland to declare they were fossilized feces , which he named coprolites , and which he used to better understand ancient food chains .
this extensive fraud prompted the italian government to mandate a new labeling law in 2007 for companies selling olive oil , under which every bottle of italian olive oil would have to declare the farm and press on which it was produced , as well as display a precise breakdown of the oils used , for blended oils .
robert returned to france for a time , before deciding to declare himself a protestant in order to claim his rightful inheritance .
abeleyn and his allies king mark of astarac and lofantyr of torunna declare himerius a usurper , whilst the kings of perigraine and almark dismiss the news of macrobius as a forgery .
graves is opposed to the idea of an american on the throne , and he proposes to declare the wyndham line at an end and to replace it with the house of stuart .
in 1647 dugard had been appointed a member of the stationers ' company but he did not declare his interests to the court and they were most annoyed at this extracurricular activity .
there are no clear winners in a soakfest , though group consensus may declare an individual or group of players ' leaders ' based on general ability to deliver more water onto others as opposed to receiving it themselves .
and thus , with special reverence and recognition for the lord cardinals and for all the roman curia : before you who surrounded me most closely , i profess solemnly our faith , i declare our hope , i celebrate our charity which does not die by accepting humbly from divine will the death which is my destiny , invoking the great mercy of the lord , imploring the clement intercession of most holy mary , of the angels and saints , and recommending my soul to the remembrance of the good .
the port was nominally subject to the sultanate of morocco , but ( as salé had become very prosperous through piracy ) shortly after janszoon ’s arrival , the pirates decided to declare salé an independent republic governed by fourteen pirate warlords and an elected president , who was also the admiral of the piratical navy .
as the constitution contains mention of the death penalty , scalia deems it constitutional and opposes attempts to declare it unconstitutional .
during the construction of barca , learchus was able to persuade local libyans to withdraw their allegiance from cyrene and encourage them to come with him and to declare war on arcesilaus .
... we declare that we defend free from any innovations all the written and unwritten ecclesiastical traditions that have been entrusted to us .
the typical construction contract agreement calls for the contractor , when he believes it to be so , to declare the construction project to have reached " substantial completion " and request a " pre - final " inspection .
pascal bruckner and alain finkielkraut have also proved close to sarkozy , although they did not declare support for him , but sarkozy did support finkielkraut after controversial statements made in " haaretz " newspaper following the 2005 civil unrest .
while radio and digital communication have become more standard for embassies , diplomatic pouches are still quite common and some countries , including the united states , declare entire shipping containers as diplomatic pouches to bring sensitive material ( often building supplies ) into a country .
he exhibited the same amorphous tendencies as sideways himself , but was more of a feral beast , and even ran on all fours like an ape ( leading some fans to declare " monkey truck " - a parody of the reaction some anti - beast wars fans had , where they insulted optimus primal by crying out " truck not monkey ! " ) .
it was not until september 1939 , when britain and france were forced to declare war , that churchill was again made first lord of the admiralty .
martin , favouring meech , attempted to force chrétien to abandon his nuanced position on the deal and declare for or against it .
he also used to declare proudly of his kannada ancestry .
burt had also attempted to declare himself the father of " factor analysis " , rather than his predecessor and mentor charles spearman ( who invented the technique in 1904 ) .
the french prime minister francois fillon said france would formally declare the storm a natural disaster , freeing up funds to help communities rebuild them selves .
or he could allow passage of german military across hungary , betraying yugoslavia , openly defying the allies , moving them to declare war on hungary .
notably , former senator pallaro was at the centre of controversy , as he was the only independent elected member of the senate in which the winning coalition , the union , had just two more seats than the rival house of freedoms , and he did not formally declare a preference for one of the two sides , although he generally supported the centre - left government of romano prodi .
apokaukos had been promoted to high office as a protégé of kantakouzenos , and had tried to convince him to declare himself emperor , hoping for further advancement of his own .
she opens it to find armed ga officers who declare veila is under arrest for treason and murdering admiral gilad pellaeon two years earlier .
both histories declare that the founding generation of new england was “ animated as with one soul ” for the achievement of a millennial religious mission and that the present ( 1690s ) generation has lost its focus and loyalties .
he invited tiso - as the deposed prime minister - to berlin , and personally forced him to immediately ( as he said " in a flash " ) declare the independence of slovakia under german " protection " , otherwise germany would allow hungary ( and partly poland ) to annex the remaining territory of slovakia .
to declare a variable as a pointer , immediately precede its name with an asterisk .
this is the opportunity they sense , and we must ask what ambitions they will declare next ... instead of rediscovering the virtues of traditionally defined , enlightened self - interest in the aftermath of its hands down cold war victory , america ’s foreign policy elites are more intoxicated than ever by their own concoction of benevolent global hegemony and indispensable power .
orton proceeded to tap out , only for the referee to declare the match would continue , as he could n't decide who won the match .
with the red sea and gulf of aden coastlines cleared of axis forces , president franklin delano roosevelt was able to declare that these areas were no longer combat zones .
rhode island was the first of the thirteen original colonies to declare independence from british rule and the last to ratify the united states constitution .
on 11 march 1990 , lithuania became the first soviet republic to declare independence .
conversely , if the winning bid indicated whether high or low ranking cards would win during this hand , the winning bidder must now declare a trump suit for this hand .
because it is faith alone that receives these divine gifts , lutherans confess that baptism " works forgiveness of sins , delivers from death and the devil , and gives eternal salvation to all who believe this , as the words and promises of god declare . "
the widow then vehemently cried out : ' if thou persistest in thy demand , i declare them devoted to the lord . '
the two finally declare their love for each other .
once they are married she tells him the truth , and the americans , who are now in love themselves , declare their intentions to have a " moon baby " .
men just dragged from the tender scenes of domestic life ; unaccustomed to the din of arms ; totally unacquainted with every kind of military skill , which being followed by a want of confidence in themselves , when opposed to troops regularly trained , disciplined , and appointed , superior in knowledge and superior in arms , makes them timid , and ready to fly from their own shadows ... if i was called upon to declare upon oath , whether the militia have been most serviceable or hurtful upon the whole , i should subscribe to the latter . "
khrushchev reiterated the basic outline that had been stated to john scali earlier in the day , " i propose : we , for our part , will declare that our ships bound for cuba are not carrying any armaments .
he wrote a law that allowed the government to print money and declare it had to be accepted as legal tender .
pope honorius iii , however , denied to declare their marriage null and void ; therefore béla took back his wife and escaped to austria fearing his father 's anger .
having been at great expence [ sic ] in having james hemings taught the art of cookery , desiring to befriend him , and to require from him as little in return as possible , i hereby do promise & declare , that if the said james should go with me to monticello in the course of the ensuing winter , when i go to reside there myself , and shall there continue until he shall have taught such person as i shall place under him for that purpose to be a good cook , this previous condition being performed , he shall thereupon be made free ...
baklanov , boldin , shenin and varennikov demanded that gorbachev either declare a state of emergency or resign and name vice president gennady yanayev as acting president so as to allow the conspirators " to restore order " in the country .
i solemnly declare to have still omitted many other calamities that we suffered . "
lower - level authorities have very limited rights , for example , municipalities can not declare their own objects of cultural heritage ; instead , they must apply to rosokhrankultura representatives .
the news allowed the leaders of the conspiracy to abandon the town and prompted miguel hidalgo y costilla to declare war against the spanish colonial authorities , in which he made a speech to his followers known as grito de dolores ( " cry of dolores " ) , in the early morning of september 16 , an event that signaled the start of the mexican war of independence .
bates did not appeal the ruling because by allowing the judge to declare a vacancy on the ballot , fletcher was able to name a replacement running mate , an option that would not have been afforded him had bates withdrawn .
considering the actual condition of human nature , they declare these necessary for the removal of obstacles and for the liberation of man 's moral forces , thus claiming for asceticism a positive character .
following a coup in the mexican government many freedoms previously enjoyed by the texans were revoked causing texas to revolt and declare its independence in 1835 .
desiring to declare publicly and formally their sense of unity and their common determination to defend themselves against external armed attack , so that no potential aggressor could be under the illusion that either of them stands alone in the pacific area ,
let us reverently acknowledge his sovereignty , and let our coinage declare our trust in god . ”
the woman cited a passage from the qur'an as support and thus umar had no choice but to declare : " the woman is right and the khalifah is wrong . "
riots broke out across sierra leone and the government had to declare a state of emergency .
penn became the sole proprietor of a huge tract of land south of new jersey and north of maryland ( which belonged to lord baltimore ) , and gained sovereign rule of the territory with all rights and privileges ( except the power to declare war ) .
as a bird sanctuary it was the find of peter jackson , famous ornothologist , and honorary secretary of the delhi birdwatching society , who wrote to prime minister of india , indira gandhi , founder of the society , in 1970 about the need to declare the sultanpur jheel near delhi , a bird sanctuary , and she asked him to take her there .
while giving high marks to some earlier researchers ( " ivan t. sanderson and john green and rené dahinden ... have made a far better job of recording the major events of the sasquatch saga than i could ever hope to do " ) , napier also wrote that if we are to form a conclusion based on scant extant " ' hard ' evidence , " science must declare " bigfoot does not exist . "
one of the earliest cases , " dodge v. ford motor co. " , ruled , for example , that " courts of equity will not interfere in the management of the directors unless it is clearly made to appear that they are guilty of fraud or misappropriation of the corporate funds , or refuse to declare a dividend when the corporation has a surplus of net profits which it can , without detriment to its business , divide among its stockholders , and when a refusal to do so would amount to such an abuse of discretion as would constitute a fraud , or breach of that good faith which they are bound to exercise towards the stockholders . "
whereas we for divers good causes and considerations us thereunto moving are graciously pleased to confer on the towns of brighton and hove the status of a city now therefore know ye that we of our especial grace and favour and mere motion do by these presents ordain declare and direct that the towns of brighton and hove shall henceforth have the status of a city and shall have all such rank liberties privileges and immunities as are incident to a city .
the coal companies were successful in having the federal government declare martial law under a military tribunal , an egregious act according to the editors of the " masses " .
consequently , it is difficult to declare one building as belonging to certain era of gothic architecture .
the effect was to declare the state to be a republic and thus ' no longer one of his majesty 's dominions ' , whereupon it left the commonwealth of nations .
the répurgateur ( élie semoun ) gets merlin to declare his allegiance to " the one god , saint germain and saint didier " as a means of renouncing polytheism .
some believe president traian băsescu 's choice to declare the communist regime as illegitimate on the basis of the report is also dangerous because it may be interpreted as an annulment of all international treaties in which communist romania took part .
live performances of the track " declare independence " made heavy use of the reactable , an electro - acoustic music instrument with a tabletop tangible user interface , which is played by damian taylor .
gandhi bashes them up and reaches rammohanrao to declare his victory .
in the 1992 , 1997 , 2001 and 2005 general elections , the sunderland south constituency was the first to declare the results .
each municipality can declare one of the two languages as its official language , or it can remain " language neutral " .
the poetics included in the anthology declare , above all , the primacy of language and style , and express an enormous scepticism in the value of poetry and in the occupation of the poet .
a knockout occurs when a boxer is knocked down to the ground and can not continue fighting after a 10 second count by the referee , a referee may forgo the count and declare a knockout if it is obvious the boxer will not regain his feet unaided .
the pope responded with the bull " ad sanctam beati petri sedem " ( dated october 16 , 1656 ) in which he stated " we declare and define that the five propositions have been drawn from the book of jansenius entitled " augustinus " , and that they have been condemned in the sense of the same jansenius and we once more condemn them as such . "
members elected to any county government position are required to declare a party affiliation and be a resident of the county .
although mcnutt 's administration curtailed the use of court injunctions to prevent labor picketing , mcnutt did not hesitate to declare martial law in eleven coal - mining counties where major violence accompanied union efforts to organize the miners .
with the london pact , signed in april 1915 , italy agreed to declare war against the central powers , in exchange for the " irredent " territories of friuli , trentino and dalmatia ( see " italia irredenta " ) .
immediately after being eliminated from the series , london was featured in the norman lear - helmed declare yourself voting campaign by famed photographer david lachapelle , alongside music stars like christina aguilera and andré 3000 .
his next step is to summon the army of the melcene empire , and combine it with his own forces in the district of rakuth in angarak territory , forcing the general staff to accede to him , and declare him commander - in - chief .
the zip code that includes the neighborhood , 44105 , recorded more home foreclosures than any other zip code in the country during the second quarter of 2007 , causing the national media to declare the neighborhood the center of the 2007 foreclosure crisis .
each municipality is allowed to declare a maximum of 14 public holidays per year ; up to nine of these are chosen by the national government and at least two are chosen locally .
in the united states , only the u.s. congress may declare war .
these riots led the palestinian cabinet to declare a state of emergency .
for the lords of his majesty 's privy council may 17 . 1646.we , the officers of the garrison of oxford do hereby declare upon our several reputations , that it is absolutely against our wills and opinions to treat , & c .
his ability to score spectacular long range goals has led many to declare him a great future prospect for the ' rojinegro ' team and for the mexican national football team for which he was recently called up by current national team coach javier aguirre for the friendly match against colombia september 30 , 2009 .
sixtus may have been rendered more eager to capitulate by the series of victories by venetian forces , who seized the opportunity to forward their territorial ambitions and had been hasty to declare war on ferrara on a minor pretext in the first place .
hud , woof and berger declare what color they are ( " i 'm black " ) , while claude says that he 's " invisible " .
he realises he will be attacked but genuinely offers peace to his enemies , who , once more , ignore his communiques and declare war .
in june 1999 , she failed to declare the proper amount of valuables she had purchased on her trip abroad .
the politically correct way to say the same was to declare artisans and manufacturers as “ classe sterile ” .
they then recognize the monarch in the audience ( either queen elizabeth or king james i ) and declare that both comedy and tragedy serve the throne .
before testifying , every witness shall be required to declare that the witness will testify truthfully , by oath or affirmation administered in a form calculated to awaken the witness’ conscience and impress the witness’ mind with the duty to do so.’ if you want the oath to be maximally effective , then it is indeed entirely true that ‘ all that matters is what any individual holds to be his holiest book.’ that book is the one that will most impress the oathtaker ’s mind with the duty to comply with the oath .
in 1835 , governor sligo arrived in cayman from jamaica to declare all slaves free in accordance with the emancipation act of 1833 .
i now declare the closure of all the courts , offices , and educational institutions for an indefinite period of time .
the declaration of independence is a very important written document that was drafted by the original thirteen colonies , as a form of print culture that would declare their independence from the kingdom of great britain and explained the justifications for doing so .
the republic of florida is a term used to describe the united states of america ( u.s. ) state of florida from january 10 , 1861 , ( becoming the third state to declare its secession from the union following the election of abraham lincoln ) to joining the confederate states of america the next month .
each city , town , or county in which any disaster occurs has the authority to declare a local emergency .
at the end of the match , the crowd pursued referee hamilton and umpire findlay as they left the arena , and dragged them back to force them to declare the game a draw .
one of the supposed holy chalices , present around the world , is revered in one of this cathedral 's chapels ; this chalice has been defended as the true holy grail ; indeed , most christian historians all over the world declare that all their evidence points to this valencian chalice as the most likely candidate for being the authentic cup used at the last supper .
however , when no witnesses show for his trial , the courts declare the case " no contest " and johnny is released .
nonetheless , the involvement of marshal santa cruz in argentina 's internal affairs by his continued support to the opponents of caudillo juan manuel de rosas , moved this country to also declare war on may 9 , 1837 , in support of the northern province of tucumán , who was being threatened by santa cruz 's forces .
after the fall of communism in poland in 1989 , members of a parliamentary commission determined that martial law had been imposed in clear violation of the country 's constitution which had authorized the executive to declare martial law only between parliamentary sessions ( at other times the decision was to be taken by the sejm ) .
in august 1942 , after german and italian submarines sunk many brazilian merchant ships , popular mobilization forced the brazilian government to declare war on fascist italy and nazi germany .
nichiren was also a progressive thinker , for he was the first japanese thinker to declare that women could also gain enlightenment .
strauss ' first test series as skipper ended in an amount of controversy at the oval in what some commentators have referred to as ovalgate when , during their second innings , umpires darrell hair and billy doctrove inspected the ball and decided that it had been tampered with . insulted by the allegation , the pakistan team protested by not taking to the field after the tea break leading the umpires to declare the match forfeited .
in the commonwealth of massachusetts up to one million residents and businesses lost power due to the storm , causing governor deval patrick to declare a state of emergency and mobilize at least 500 national guardsmen to help the clean - up efforts .
amends the marine protection , research , and sanctuaries act of 1972 to declare the new york bight apex and the " 106-mile ocean waste dump site " as unsuitable for dumping of municipal sludge .
if a player ’s hand needs only one tile to win and the player has not claimed any tiles from other players to form groups , then they may declare ready .
the colonies resented this taxation without representation and decided , after a myriad of internal discussions and petitions to the british government , that they would declare independence and face the consequences .
hitler 's 1941 declaration of war against the united states has perplexed historians , since hitler was not obliged to declare war , either by treaty or circumstance .
hyde , three other judges concurring , decided in favor of the crown but without going so far as to declare the right of the crown to refuse indefinitely to show cause against the discharge of the prisoners .
in 2000 india 's supreme court dismissed oak 's petition to declare that a hindu king had built the taj mahal and reprimanded him for bringing the action , saying he had a " bee in his bonnet " about the taj .
choirs who take home top honors at a " national competition " often like to declare that they are the " best in the nation , " though no definitive national award truly exists .
in most countries companies must register in the local companies register , and they must declare the location of their business .
each department allots 10% of its enrollment to the division and the students get admitted without having to declare a major .
prince benedicte will then declare his pure - blooded d'angeline son as heir to the throne , thereby purifying the royal blood - line .
an editorial in " the economist " magazine suggests that charismatic megafauna are particularly subject to taxonomic inflation , in that taxonomists will declare a subspecies to be a species because of the advocacy benefits of a unique species , rather than because of new scientific evidence .
in the current format , players declare a division ( a , b , or c , with a being the most skilled ) and may enter as many times as they like , paying entry fees each time they choose to play .
the job of the two witnesses is to declare the mind of god .
when germany violated belgian territory , great britain was compelled to declare war on 4 august 1914 and both battleships were taken over by the royal navy .
the bhairavi on the other hand looked upon ramakrishna as an " avatara " , or incarnation of the divine , and was the first person to openly declare that ramakrishna was an " avatara " .
feel tormented , the tiger declare to challenge the king .
act 3 opens when the twins declare their independence from captain coffin to be their own men .
there are various view about transferring naqishbandi ’s tariqat to this area , but it has been proved that sheik abdulsalam first , mustafa barzanis ancestors , was the first barzani ’s religious leader who declare this tariqat among barzanis .
the rebellious states - general decided on 14 june 1581 to officially declare the throne vacant , because of philip 's behavior , hence the dutch name for the act of abjuration : " plakkaat van verlatinghe " , which may be translated as " placard of desertion .
some stones with inscription were dug up at thakurganj , which the villagers declare were the remains of the birat 's palace .
the prerogative powers include among others the abilities to dissolve parliament , make treaties , declare war , award honours , and appoint officers and civil servants .
juliano was sentenced to serve 2 to 4 years in state prison for operating the illegal gambling ring in new york city , and failing to declare the income from the scheme .
a player who is not automatically eligible must declare his eligibility for the draft by notifying the nba offices in writing no later than 60 days before the draft .
in january of 2010 , it was reported in various madrid - based news sites that real madrid were attempting to declare de la red 's heart problem to be " a common condition , " and therefore find a way to invalidate his contract .
during india tour to australia in 2007 - 08 , bucknor received severe criticism for his umpiring in the sydney test match , most notably his decisions to declare andrew symonds not out twice in the 1st innings and to give rahul dravid out in the final innings .
statute may also declare a term or nature of term to be a condition or warranty ; for example the sale of goods act 1979 s15a provides that terms as to title , description , quality and sample ( as described in the act ) are conditions save in certain defined circumstances .
on 8 december 1919 , the allied powers made the following declaration : " the principal allied and associated powers , recognising that it is important as soon as possible to put a stop to the existing conditions of political uncertainty in which the polish nation is placed and without prejudging the provisions , which must in the future define the eastern frontiers of poland , hereby declare that they recognize the right of the polish government to proceed , according to the conditions previously provided by the treaty with poland of 28 june 1919 , to organise a regular administration of the territories of the former russian empire situated to the west of the line described below .
from their satellite base , the monitors declare the end of " world war iii " , intended as the war of one man against the whole world , but they do express fear for an even darker event looming over earth .
inasmuch as there are numerous reports in circulation that plural marriages have been entered into , contrary to the official declaration of president woodruff of september 24 , 1890 , commonly called the manifesto , which was issued by president woodruff , and adopted by the church at its general conference , october 6 , 1890 , which forbade any marriages violative of the law of the land , i , joseph f. smith , president of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , hereby affirm and declare that no such marriages have been solemnized with the sanction , consent , or knowledge of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints .
on the third day , prior and michael yardy made a fifth wicket - partnership worth 141 runs , and sussex could declare with a lead of 405 runs , after bandara was taken for runs to end with the expensive innings bowling analysis of 26 - 3 - 112 - 4 .
the tension between the state and federal governments remained however , leading bramlette to declare that every " white male citizen " twenty - one years of age who had resided in the commonwealth for at least two years would be eligible to vote .
also known as c.j. berry , he left selma for canada 's yukon territory after he was forced to declare bankruptcy .
eventually , however , they begin a romantic relationship , and , after navigating a rough patch , they declare their love for each other .
with bart allen as the new flash , inertia decided it was time to declare war on his old nemesis .
in the third test at sydney , england captain mike atherton had let it be known to his players that he intended to declare .
a pre - election poll held 23–29 august 2009 by coimer & op showed a relative majority ( 41% ) who would not declare a voting preference or would not vote in favour of any of the six candidates .
the rising collapsed almost as soon as it had gathered force , and its leaders , the duke of buckingham and henry rich , the earl of holland , escaped , after another attempt to induce london to declare for them , to st albans and st neots , where holland was taken prisoner .
karabekir then moved into the dra on 20 september prompting the armenian government to declare war on turkey four days later , thus precipitating the turkish - armenian war .
however , moretti lacks the experience of a true national leader and the splintering of the united states grows worse as areas like brooklyn , manhattan , florida and texas declare independence and seem poised on the brink of civil war .
the bulgarian government was forced by the germans to declare a token war on the united kingdom and the united states near the end of 1941 , an act which resulted in the bombing of sofia and other bulgarian cities by allied aircraft .
dani campbell is an american reality television participant who became notable in the lesbian community as a symbol of self - assurance , causing " curve " to call her " the first lesbian girl next door , " and the " miami herald " to declare her south florida 's " most eligible lesbian . "
in wandering the streets of moscow , he discovers that soviet authorities hand out bread to starving children only if they declare themselves communists ; if they fail to do so , the children are beaten and refused food .
according to vinciguerra , the 1969 piazza fontana bombing was supposed to push then interior minister mariano rumor to declare a state of emergency
one senior civil servant was heard to declare after a meeting with him that he had " thought he had gone in to the meeting to buy wool from weipers but afterwards realized he had come out shorn . "
she is held in high esteem by members of the bahá'í faith as she was the first royal to declare faith in that religion .
a business may declare different types ( " classes " ) of shares , each having distinctive ownership rules , privileges , or share values .
once the appropriate number of characters are present , any player can declare the scene completed or trashed during his or her turn .
this forced the brothers to declare bankruptcy , in one of the biggest such filings in texas history .
he was able to seize control of the local tribes and collect an army to declare was on cotys and aquila .
the second method , declaring proceeds as , requires individuals to declare 26% of proceeds on their income tax statement .
despite using the last of his strength to shoot the soldiers dead , shogo dies with elise by his side but not before they declare their love for one another .
the los angeles times reports that roberts was " instrumental " behind - the - scenes in working to get the supreme court to declare a colorado state constitutional amendment unconstitutional in the case of " romer v. evans " .
on 14 march 2007 , rockstar 's parent company , take - two interactive , filed a lawsuit against thompson in florida in an attempt to pre - emptively block him from trying to declare its games a public nuisance .
it could never be right for her to declare lawful what is in fact unlawful , since that , by its very nature , is always opposed to the true good of man .
the president may appoint ambassadors , appoints civil and military personnel , dissolve the national assembly , and declare a state of emergency for 15 days , that can be extended with the consent of the national assembly .
according to the national research by household sample ( pnad ) of 2008 , 48.43% of the population ( about 92 million ) described themselves as white ; 43.80% ( about 83 million ) as brown ( multiracial ) , 6.84% ( about 13 million ) as black ; 0.58% ( about 1.1 million ) as yellow ; and 0.28% ( about 536 thousand ) as amerindian , while 0.07% ( about 130 thousand ) did not declare their race .
buddha replies , " and so , anuradha — when you ca n't pin down the tathagata as a truth or reality even in the present life — is it proper for you to declare , ' friends , the tathagata — the supreme man , the superlative man , attainer of the superlative attainment — being described , is described otherwise than with these four positions : the tathagata exists after death , does not exist after death , both does & does not exist after death , neither exists nor does not exist after death ' ? "
swanson references chomsky 's example of the mexican ambassador 's comment to u.s. president kennedy that , " if we publicly declare that cuba is a threat to our security , forty million mexicans will die laughing , " in his concluding comment that , " the danger in reading chomsky is that millions of americans will die laughing every time they turn on their televisions . "
he was a key member of a team of scholars which helped declare qadianis as non - muslims by pakistan 's national assembly during the era of former pakistani president , zulfikar ali bhutto , in the 1970s .
the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand in sarajevo in 1914 by gavrilo princip ( a member of the serbian nationalist group the black hand ) was used by leading austrian and hungarian politicians and generals to persuade the emperor to declare war on serbia , thereby risking and prompting the outbreak of world war i which led to the dissolution of the austro - hungarian empire .
to encourage voter registration among youth for the 2008 united states presidential election , declare yourself hired photographers mark liddell and david lachapelle to shoot a bondage - themed print advertising campaign .
in the xxii congress , carried out in chillán in november of 1967 , a radicalization of the political line was made , favored by carlos altamirano orrego and the leader of the rural confederation ranquil , mentioning cauldron aránguiz , leader of the faction " elenos " ; " marxist - leninist " to declare as inevitable and legitimate the " revolutionary violence " as a path to obtain economic and political power .
however , the united states was neither officially involved in the war at the time nor did the incidents cause them to declare war .
prolonged fighting between gam and the indonesian military and police led suharto to declare martial law in the province , by naming aceh a " military operational area " ( dom ) in 1990 .
fú jiàn was displeased , because he was ready to declare independence from jin .
the phrase comes from the aesop 's fable " the mice in council " , in which a group of mice declare that the only way to avoid the dangerous cat is to tie a bell around its neck in order to give warning whenever it is near .
the most common use of emergency powers is to declare a state of emergency which allows the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) to bypass normal administrative and jurisdictional rules .
the military at this point declare that they must assume that they are under attack from this new threat and must proceed as such .
sparta 's continued occupation of argos at the end of war was used as a pretext for rome and its allies to declare war .
when a player is offered the card , he may choose to either pass and thus offer the card to the next player , or declare the suit as trump , usually by stating " pick it up " .
but he also must declare that he is a muslim .
either ( i ) they try to domesticate the object of puzzlement by providing a reductive or explanatory theory of it ; or ( ii ) they declare it irreducible and hence not open to any levelling account ; or ( iii ) they succumb to a magical story or image of what seems so puzzling ; or ( iv ) they simply eliminate the source of trouble for fear of ontological embarrassment .
the violent scene took place first at the ministry of interior where the prime minister abhisit vejjajiva was preparing to declare the emergency statement .
pakistan has ratified cwc in 1997 and did not declare any offensive activities in this area .
jim farber of " daily news " also gave the album four out of five stars , noting that " cole 's assertions of sweetness and light hardly prove as seamless , or simple , as her songs declare " .
three months later , khurram had to declare himself unavailable for the semi - final of the 2005 intercontinental cup , with arshad ali captaining the side in his place .
in addition , several high - profile incidents in which farmhands have drowned or suffocated in manure pits have led to calls to slow the proliferation of dairies in the region , with kern county going so far as to declare a moratorium on new dairies in 2004 .
on 27 november 1848 , only a few days before the coronation of his successor , franz joseph i , he had his prime minister schwarzenberg declare the indivisibility of austria .
the motion to declare the chair vacant is used as a remedy to misconduct or dereliction of duty by the chair of a deliberative assembly , when the rules allow it .
they learn that ysandre , seeing plots and deceit everywhere , has decided to declare war on alais and barquiel and vowed that , after one month to think about it , she will begin to sack one town every day until they kneel before her and surrender .
during this time greg also travelled to south africa with allard k. lowenstein , to declare common cause with those seeking an end to racist policies .
the foundation 's by - laws declare a statement of purpose of collecting and developing educational content and to disseminate it effectively and globally .
it could theoretically declare war and raise an army , but it could not force any state to meet its assigned quota for troops or for the arms and equipment needed to support them .
to make the naturalist a religious man – to turn his attention to the glory of god , that he may declare his works , and in the study of his creatures may see the loving - kindness of the lord – may this in some measure be the fruit of my work … ’
denmark - norway was forced by napoleon bonaparte to declare war on sweden on 29 february , 1808 .
the british governor general asked him to declare as an independent king in 1819 .
la rosa has tired of revisiting the godfrey affair , in part because it 's been rehashed so many times , but he 's been known to declare publicly that godfrey was indeed the individual who made his career , but always adding , " he was n't a very nice man . "
any student admitted as an undergraduate to the university of notre dame may declare an architecture major .
the more establishmentarian " moderates " declare a modernists or secularist an apostate , the extremists then carry out the death sentence against the alleged apostate .
we fervently declare we 're proud to wear
chew was the first singaporean to publicly declare his hiv - positive status , thus giving a face to an affliction which mainstream society considered remote from possible encounter .
after spending the christmas holiday with her family in the u.s. casolo undertook a nationwide public speaking tour to declare her innocence and denounce the government of el salvador and the united states ' involvement in that country .
additionally , he plays the part of a devil 's advocate in " exile " regarding leia organa 's supposed betrayal of the galactic alliance , though he reasserts his loyalty to leia by being first to formally declare his faith in her at the meeting 's end .
this , and the indirect mode of election , prompted socialist lionel jospin , who was prime minister at the time , to declare the senate an " anomaly " .
spanish remained a co - official language , along with tagalog and english , until 1987 when it lost its status , prompting the philippine government to declare tagalog and english as the official languages of the philippines .
the former lovers are shocked , delighted , and declare once more their mutual love .
in an attempt to gain public sympathy barnes and around thirty other farmers decided to declare war on the state of victoria .
a suit brought by the attorney general of the united states to declare this combination illegal under the act of july 2 , 1890 , is not an interference with the control of the states under which the railroad companies and the holding company were , respectively , organized . "
he and cosette then finally meet and declare their love for one another .
each episode closes with the moderator reciting the charter of the american religious townhall , which provides that " roman catholics , protestants , jews , educators and others may appear on this program and can declare their beliefs without hesitancy and the rest of the members of the panel will uphold and guarantee that american right to all who will appear , irrespective of race or creed , so that the rest of the world can see that , here in america , we believe in civil and religious freedom , not only in theory but in reality . "
unknown to archie is that betty and veronica both think the other person did this to archie , and they declare war on each other to win back archie once and for all .
legislation was never submitted to the imperial century assembly , and the one major legislative power that this assembly had held under the republic , the right to declare war , was now held exclusively by the emperor .
realizing that their complaints were in vain , the germans sent a submarine to attack the city in 1917 , forcing the reluctant howard to side with the allies and declare war on germany on january 12 , 1918 .
she was overhauled at a cost just under $ 100,000 ; however , rodgers inexplicably ignored her copper sheathing , later leading him to declare her a " slow sailer " .
the assembly maintained that the king 's right to determine foreign policy and declare war was subject to the sovereignty of the people .
take any lorentzian manifold , compute its einstein tensor formula_3 , which is a purely mathematical operation , divide by formula_4 , and declare the resulting symmetric second rank tensor field to be the stress - energy tensor formula_1 .
" ( we ) do hereby declare our will and pleasure , that , for the purpose of enlarging the borders of the church , setting bounds to the progress of wickedness , reforming evil manners , planting virtue , and increasing the christian religion "
g.n.promotions would split away from rbw in july 2004 coming under the rbwa ( revolution british wrestling alliance ) then nbw ( norton british wrestling ) banners during this time the company would declare a new middleweight champion though it is unclear whether or not the two titles are related .
some of the rabbis even declare that the one servant of pharaoh who feared the word of god ( ex .
on january 21 , 2008 , rabbi dov lior , rabbi ya'acov shapira of jerusalem 's mercaz harav yeshiva , rabbi elyakim levanon of elon moreh , and rabbi nahum rabinovitch of ma'ale adumim met at beit hashalom to declare the government 's policies on israeli settlements to be " worse than the british mandate 's white paper . "
the emperor 's failure to follow through on these promises induced matthias to declare war against him for the third time in 1481 .
when drafting his complaint , a plaintiff may be able to avoid dismissal on ripeness grounds by requesting alternative relief in the form of a declaratory judgment , which in many states and jurisdictions allows a court to declare the rights of parties under the facts as proven without actually ordering that anything be done .
even today the rules only declare that a maximum of four per side is allowed in the centre square at the ball - up ( ruck , rover , ruck - rover and centre ) , with all other players free to position themselves as they see fit .
to the relief of the people of the city their true identity was soon discovered and the incident 's popularity led the mayor to declare this to be an annual celebration .
the ornithologist dr. salim ali observed that the isles formed an important nesting ground for birds , and persuaded the wodeyar kings of mysore to declare the area a wildlife sanctuary in 1940 .
north ossetian ssr finally became the first autonomous republic of the rsfsr to declare national sovereignty , on june 20 , 1990 ( although it still remains firmly part of russia ) .
in the first innings , pakistan lost the last eight wickets for 29 to post 119 with no batsmen making a half century ; england surpassed that score for the loss of two wickets , and with alastair cook and ian bell both making hundreds ( 127 and 106 * respectively ) , england could eventually declare near the end of day two having made 461 .
the negotiations convinced hitler that there was little chance the western allies would declare war on germany , and even if they did , because of the lack of " territorial guarantees " to poland , they would be willing to negotiate a compromise favourable to germany after its conquest of poland .
this was changed briefly : public law 109 - 364 , or the " john warner defense authorization act of 2007 " ( h.r.5122 ) , was signed by president bush on october 17 , 2006 , and allowed the president to declare a " public emergency " and station troops anywhere in america and take control of state - based national guard units without the consent of the governor or local authorities .
finally , most decrees are disciplinary , dealing with positive ecclesiastical laws , which they explain , or enforce , or dispense from ; but some are doctrinal , e.g. , those that declare a doctrine untenable , or an act unlawful because it 's contrary to a divine law .
the greek helsinki monitor reports that , " difficult and therefore risky it is to declare a macedonian minority identity in such an extremely hostile if not aggressive environment in greece " .
in the u.s. , colleges generally require students to declare an academic major by the end of their sophomore year .
arguments by various groups that claim taiwan should declare itself to be an independent sovereign nation
an instrumental version of " modern inventions " from the album " declare a new state ! "
with the judiciary , it is possible for the courts to declare a particular act of parliament unconstitutional .
in a variation of the game , if a player finds he has no face card in his hand ( a , 10 , k , q or j ) , he or she can declare " carte blanche " and receive 50 points from the opponent .
allan donald was used in short bursts , as he was struggling with a toe injury , and it was just before lunch that crawley was finally dismissed , having played a great supporting role . steve rhodes ( 65 * ) also contributed well , and shepherded the tail to a good position , adding 53 with gough , and allowing atherton to declare the innings and have nine overs at the tourists ' openers .
thus the military agreement from august 14 and subsequent sikorski - mayski agreement from august 17 , 1941 , resulted in stalin agreeing to declare the molotov - ribbentrop pact in relation to poland null and void , and release tens of thousands of polish prisoners - of - war held in soviet camps .
puerto rico does not have the right to unilaterally declare independence , but several referendums have been held , with the option for full u.s. statehood or full independence .
in 1854 , the supreme court of wisconsin went so far as to declare the fugitive slave law unconstitutional .
a series of bank failures in april lead patterson to declare a " bank holiday " ( 1 may 1893 – 5 may 1893 ) preventing panicked depositors from withdrawing their money .
" ' it is a very hard decision to declare umno unlawful , ' said justice datuk harun hashim in his february 4 judgement . '
arroyo 's initial term in office was marked by fractious coalition politics as well as a military mutiny in manila in july 2003 that led her to declare a month - long nationwide state of rebellion .
at the beginning of the game , germany must declare war on poland .
instead , the eze nri could declare a form of excommunication from the odinani nri against those who violated specific taboos .
during the vietnam war , aiken is widely believed to have suggested that the u.s. should declare victory and bring the troops home .
the oahu chiefs had deputed kekelaokalani , a high chiefess , a cousin to kahahana 's mother and also to kahekili , to proceed to wailuku , maui , and declare the election and solicit his sanction of the result .
mantias now declined to leave methone , so argeus instead led the troops to the ancient macedonian capital of aegae , hoping that the populace would declare him king .
the high contracting parties , having mutually recognized the independence of china and korea , declare themselves to be entirely uninfluenced by aggressive tendencies in either country , having in view , however , their special interests , of which those of great britain relate principally to china , whilst japan , in addition to the interests which she possesses in china , is interested in a peculiar degree , politically as well as commercially and industrially in korea , the high contracting parties recognize that it will be admissible for either of them to take such measures as may be indispensable in order to safeguard those interests if threatened either by the aggressive action of any other power , or by disturbances arising in china or korea , and necessitating the intervention of either of the high contracting parties for the protection of the lives and properties of its subjects .
democratic - republican delegates from southern and western states had been the primary leaders in the push to declare war , asserting that the british had violated america 's sovereign rights .
