however , due to his gentle nature and his deformity , an underdeveloped left foot , his father , prince arutha , decided that nicholas would benefit from a rougher lifestyle than he was used to in krondor .
early issues also featured bonus insert items . # 1 included a cassette tape of dr. pain and his exercises for deformity songs .
scoliosis has been described as a biomechanical deformity , the progression of which is dependent on asymmetric forces otherwise known as the heuter - volkmann law .
as all culture citizens are of perfect genetic health , the very rare cases of a culture citizen showing any physical deformity are almost certain to be a sort of ' fashion statement ' of somewhat dubious taste .
for example , to cite cynthia freeland 's catalogue : " aristotle says that the courage of a man lies in commanding , a woman 's lies in obeying ; that " matter yearns for form , as the female for the male and the ugly for the beautiful ; " that women have fewer teeth than men ; that a female is an incomplete male or " as it were , a deformity " : which contributes only matter and not form to the generation of offspring ; that in general " a woman is perhaps an inferior being " ; that female characters in a tragedy will be inappropriate if they are too brave or too clever"(freeland 1994 : 145 - 46 )
when it is chronic it can lead to bone sclerosis and deformity .
darul sukun ( ) in karachi , pakistan is a home for children and adults that are rejected by society and their families because of a deformity or being mentally challenged .
he was born with a brain deformity .
in cases where scoliosis has caused a significant deformity resulting in a rib hump , it is often possible to perform a surgery called a costoplasty ( also called a thorocoplasty ) to achieve a better cosmetic result .
cubitus varus is often referred to as ' gunstock deformity ' , due to the crooked nature of the healing .
other prominent features include dwarfism , shortened ribs that have a concave appearance , micrognathism ( severely underdeveloped jaw ) , macrocephaly ( enlarged head ) , thoracic hypoplasia ( underdeveloped chest ) , enlarged stomach , platyspondyly ( flattened spine ) , and the somewhat uncommon deformity of bifid tongue ( in which the tongue appears split , resembling that of a reptile ) .
most lesions heal spontaneously but without appropriate therapy frequently leave extensive scarring , with deformity .
the fracture is clinically referred to as a " dinner ( or silver ) fork deformity " due to the shape of the resultant forearm .
professor ivo 's disfiguring experience was not enough to keep him from the temptation of the immortality serum and he once again brought about his own deformity by drinking it .
however , despite this deformity , nessa grows to be beautiful , dainty and every bit as zealous as frex , if not more so , in complete contrast to the ‘ ugly’ , violent and atheistic elphaba .
dickens , however , defended his decision in the preface to the story when it appeared in novel - form , explaining that it was his intention to show criminals , however petty , in " all their deformity " , and that he had thought that dressing nancy in anything other than " a cheap shawl " would make her seem more fanciful than real as a character .
theoretically , bursitis results from stress to this area ( eg , stress may result when an obese individual with anatomic deformity from arthritis ascends or descends stairs ) .
as the deformity worsens , pits , nodules , fissures , lobulations , and pedunculation contort the nose .
both billy bob and lorie share a deformity , a bare patch of skin where the left eye should be located .
amyoplasia is a generalized lack in the newborn of muscular development and growth , with contracture and deformity at most joints .
two weeks after his 18th birthday jonathan was persuaded to undergo operations to lessen the effects of what was then thought of as a simple congenital deformity as cmt had not yet been diagnosed .
case studies have shown that in patients with chronic subdural hematoma , a compressive deformity of the crus cerebri without an abnormal mri signal may predict a better recovery in patients with kernohan 's notch .
embittered by his deformity , he was constantly engaged in personal quarrels with his rivals ; but his attitude in these polemics is always dignified , and his crushing retort to lope de vega in " los pechos privilegiados " is an unsurpassable example of cold , scornful invective .
but since the nail is normal and the problem of too much skin around the nail is not treated , this often results in the problem returning or in deformity / mutilation of the nail .
he was probably the fourth son of martina and herakleios , but the first one born free of physical deformity and eligible for the throne .
half a world away in rural china , lin , who shares the birthday with katie , faces a much different reality . because of facial deformity , she lives a life of fear and shame .
correction of the bone deformity can typically take 3–4 weeks .
her published sketches and documents include surgical photographs of liposuction , trauma victims , deformity correction , disease states and transgender patients .
the non - operative treatment will succeed better if it is started a few days or weeks after birth and if the orthopedist understands the nature of the deformity and possesses manipulative skill and expertise in plaster - cast applications .
this physical deformity marking an otherwise perfect women is a common theme among legendary siren figures .
this is closely related to degenerative joint disease , which can range from normal , use - related degeneration to painful , debilitating restriction of movement and deformity and is seen in varying degree in the shanidar skeletons ( i – iv ) .
haglund ’s deformity is a bony enlargement on the back of the heel that most often leads to painful bursitis , which is an inflammation of the bursa ( a fluid - filled sac between the tendon and bone ) .
this deformity is unsightly and painful .
the deformity in the musical includes a gash on the right side of his partly balding head with exposed skull tissue , an elongated right nostril , a missing right eyebrow , deformed lips , different coloured eyes , and several red spots that appear to be scabs on the right cheek .
will further complicate the clubfoot deformity .
trigonocephaly is a deformity of the skull in which the vault of the skull is sharply angled just in front of the ears , giving the skull a triangular shape .
he described pooley 's hands as " mere lumps of deformity " and attributed their condition to rheumatism caused by drink .
in the sense of a deformity , it is the pathological curving of the spine , where parts of the spinal column lose some or all of their lordotic profile .
a gibbus deformity is a form of structural kyphosis .
the bar is flipped to a convex position so as to push outward on the sternum , correcting the deformity .
advocates of surgical reduction state that fusion in situ leaves too much residual deformity and impairs the natural mechanics of the lumbar spine .
on february 26 , 2009 , hello ! project announced that kanna arihara was having difficulty performing onstage due to having hallux valgus , or bunion deformity , and would not be able to attend hello ! project 's 10th anniversary fanclub event that week .
however , he sees his image in a mirror and thus his physical deformity .
there is often a deformity in the wrist with associated swelling ( figure 1 ) .
although some experts are convinced that poor fitting footwear is the main cause of bunion formation , other sources concede only that footwear exacerbates the problem caused by the original genetic deformity .
the authors also concluded that the clinical outcome , while much better than prior to surgery , still left several patients with significant symptoms and progression of deformity .
the term " hallux valgus " or " hallux abducto valgus " are the most commonly - used medical terms associated with a bunion deformity , where " hallux " refers to the great toe , " valgus " refers to the abnormal angulation of the great toe commonly associated with bunion deformities , and " abducto " refers to the abnormal drifting or inward leaning of the great toe towards the second toe , which is also commonly associated with bunion disorders .
the last time that this type of a deformity had been documented in a giraffe was 1902 .
anastasia also had a deformity of her left foot , as did famous imposter , anna anderson .
deformity .
students of teratology have raised the possibility of a link between this developmental deformity and the myth for which it was named .
madelung 's deformity .
he has a small deformity , a sixth finger on one of his hands .
theodore dalrymple , a british author , physican , and political commentator , has written for " city journal " that brutalist structures represent an artifact of european philosophical totalitarianism , a " spiritual , intellectual , and moral deformity " .
there is often limited digital motion secondary to the wrist deformity .
therefore god created man and woman , beauty and deformity , fire and water , iron and wood , light and darkness , heat and cold , food and famine , drink and thirst , walking and lameness , sight and blindness , hearing and deafness , sea and land , speech and dumbness , activity and repose , pain and pleasure , joy and sorrow , health and sickness , " and the like .
boutonniere deformity .
the extreme dolichocephaly was once thought to have been either the product of head binding or a family congenital deformity , but these assumptions were also debunked by the study .
some residual deformity is common but this often remodels as the child grows .
while the ad 's creators had meant for the line " i would be very embarrassed if he became prime minister of canada " to refer to chrétien 's policies and ethics , the intercutting with images of his face and its facial deformity were interpreted by many as an attack on chrétien 's appearance .
deformity can occur in non - humans , as well .
this deformity develops when the muscles that pull the toes downward are working , but those that pull it upward are not , and the foot naturally tends to drop toward the ground .
the sufferer may feel pain at this apex , which can be aggravated by physical activity and by long periods of standing or sitting ; this can have a significantly detrimental effect to their lives as their level of activity is curbed by their condition and they may feel isolated or uneasy amongst their peers if they are children , depending on the level of deformity .
pretzel syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by skeletal deformity , malformation of the brain ( with accompanying seizures ) , electrolyte imbalances , and variable malformations of the heart and other organs .
the tunda bears a marked resemblance to another colombian male shape - shifting monster known as the patasola who shares a deformity of the foot that gives her away as creature and a real woman .
open reduction internal fixation is sometimes required to correct deformity , and surgery may be required if there is damage to blood vessels , nerves or organs , or if the fracture is open .
fond admiration and partial friendship should not be suffered to represent his virtues with exaggeration ; nor should malignity be allowed , under a specious disguise , to magnify mere defects , the usual failing of human nature , into vice or gross deformity .
because of his physical deformity , which prevents him from walking upright , the king nicknames him " hop - frog " .
a 1972 report on a family with mh also described myopathy ( muscle weakness due to muscle cell abnormality ) , short stature , cryptorchidism ( undescended testicles ) , pectus carinatum ( a chest wall deformity ) , thoracic lordosis and lumbar kyphosis ( reversed curvature of the spine ) , and unusual facial characteristics .
this could lead to many negative health ramifications , including difficulty breathing , problems with digestion , and permanent deformity .
renal disease includes nephrotic syndrome , cystic kidney , renal dysplasia , hypoplasia or aplasia , pevicalyceal deformity , vesicoureteral reflux , chronic kidney disease , hematuria , proteinuria and renal scarring .
like the newspaper that takes things as it finds them ,-- mutilated and deformed , but drops what it finds as it was , unchanged in all its deformity and mutilation .... ”
a cubitus varus deformity is more cosmetic than limiting of any function , however internal rotation of the radius over the ulna may be limited due to the overgrowth of the humerus .
in orthopedics , a valgus deformity is a term for the outward angulation of the distal segment of a bone or joint .
founded in 1966 with 35 members , the srs has grown to include almost 1100 spinal deformity surgeons in 41 countries , with a primary focus on providing continuing medical education for health care professionals and on funding / supporting research in spinal deformities .
taking into account that signs and symptoms of spinal deformity can not be changed by surgical intervention , surgery remains to be a cosmetic indication .
each painting bears witness to the fact that time leaves its mark on objects with patina and deformity indelibly defining an ephemeral moment .
a hand deformity is a disorder of the hand that can be congenital or acquired .
[ the ] treatment seems so punishing that [ parents ] can not be persuaded to permit it even to save their children from permanent deformity .
his wife is beset with a leg deformity , and his daughter is grown up and engaged to a local man .
there can be many causes for spinal deformity , including congenital , neuromuscular , traumatic , and others .
the deformity varies in degree from a slight protrusion of the lower end of the ulna , to complete dislocation of the inferior radio - ulnar joint with marked radial deviation of the hand .
in a violent episode in the u.s. congress , charles sumner of massachusetts called stephen a. douglas of illinois a " noisome squat and nameless animal " and brutally insulted andrew butler of south carolina for a congenital deformity .
it is characterized by intrauterine growth retardation , often premature birth , foot deformity , and a characteristic pattern of breathing ( the stomach draws inward with inspiration ) that indicates weakness of the diaphragm ; in classic sma type 1 the diaphragm is strong and the stomach prominently protrudes with inspiration ( paradoxic breathing pattern ) .
swan neck deformity is a deformed position of the finger , in which the joint closest to the fingertip is permanently bent toward the palm while the nearest joint to the palm is bent away from it ( dip hyperflexion with pip hyperextension ) .
ricky , encouraged by worm , decides to turn his deformity into the acting chance of a lifetime : he performs the opening soliloquy from richard iii ( which comes with subtitles for the " culturally illiterate " that condenses the famous speech into the more succinct " i 'm ugly . i never get laid . " ) which moves the audience to tears and earns him a standing ovation .
when an mfl tool encounters a geometric deformity such as a dent , wrinkle or buckle , a very distinct signal is created due to the plastic deformation of the pipe wall .
he also explained that his deformity was caused by overuse of the chemical .
suffering from a facial deformity , that was a symptom of a degenerate syndrome that would lead to his complete paralysis , and an unusual brain injury silk lost of all sense of morality .
swelling , deformity , tenderness and loss of wrist motion are normal features on examination of a patient with a distal radius fracture .
the georgia law in question permitted abortion only in cases of rape , severe fetal deformity , or the possibility of severe or fatal injury to the mother .
seen in lateral views in plain x - ray films , the spine shows a compression fracture . the vertebral body shows the classic wedge deformity , with greater loss of height anteriorly than posteriorly and intact pedicles in the anteroposterior view .
the fingers may suffer from almost any deformity depending on which joints are most involved .
however , if the fracture is unstable the deformity at the fracture site will increase and cause limitation of wrist motion and forearm rotation , pronation and supination .
gibbus deformity can be a sequela of advanced skeletal tuberculosis , and is the result of collapse of vertebral bodies .
the novel details howson 's struggles to come to grips with his power and his deformity .
rhinoplasty may be sought in the aftermath of traumatic deformity .
it resists forces that would push the knee medially , which would otherwise produce valgus deformity .
jepson , who was born with a jaw deformity herself , and whose brother is disabled , argued that the abortion was an " unlawful killing " .
coxa vara is a deformity of the hip , whereby the angle between the ball and the shaft of the femur is reduced to less than 120 degrees .
on going up onto tip toe the deformity will correct when this is a flexible flat foot in a child with lax joints .
when the group arrived in this remote area , to pass strange cases , a gas station attendant warns the group for the evil and a deformity person cruises the way on the road .
valgus deformity .
this often takes 3–6 months , depending on the nature and degree of deformity .
at first , vocalist zoltán csejtei and guitarist csaba csejtei of extreme deformity joined them , and soon the line - up was enriched with a synthesizer by winter and trumpet by gergely szűcs creating a unique sound for the band .
indicative of carver 's often dissociative and almost inevitably working class themes , and very much a product of this second collection 's overt move toward an extremely spare style ; it places its glance squarely on the connection between physical and social deformity , the hook arms an unsubtle shadow of the narrator 's violent anti - social behavior .
while the improvement in percent slipped and lumbosacral kyphosis is significant , many have noted a 10–20% rate of nerve root injury and a few cases reports of complete cauda equina , especially with complete reduction of the deformity .
during the 1971 and 1974 southern baptist conventions , southern baptists were called upon " to work for legislation that will allow the possibility of abortion under such conditions as rape , incest , clear evidence of severe fetal deformity , and carefully ascertained evidence of the likelihood of damage to the emotional , mental , and physical health of the mother . "
still severely emotionally traumatized by his injury , given barrayar 's intolerance for any disability or deformity , he met ludmilla droushnakovi when she was seconded to the regent 's household and immediately fell in love with her , but was too ashamed to woo her .
not allowed to attend school at her native village , rampur dahaba village in mirzapur , near varanasi , and ostracized because of her deformity , pinki lives a life of quiet desperation as she waits and wonders if she will ever receive the cleft surgery .
while the results of a necropsy will not be available until three weeks after her death , her deformity was not believed to be a cause of the condition that led to the decision to euthanize her .
he allowed first trimester abortion of a fetus which would be born with a deformity that would cause it to suffer , and termination of a fetus with a lethal fetal defect such as tay - sachs disease up to the end of the second trimester of gestation .
a bunion is a structural deformity of the bones and the joint between the foot and big toe , and it may be painful .
one such index is the " backer ratio " which grades severity of deformity based on the ratio between the diameter of the vertebral body nearest to xiphosternal junction and the distance between the xiphosternal junction and the nearest vertebral body .
the leader of the thugs , kerro , provokes a fight by insulting grost 's deformity but kronos kills them by cutting their throats with one stroke of his samaurai sword .
ulnar deviation , also known as ulnar drift , is a hand deformity in which the swelling of the metacarpophalangeal joints ( the big knuckles at the base of the fingers ) causes the fingers to become displaced , tending towards the little finger .
britain 's bournemouth university archaeologists , led by geoffrey wainwright , president of the london society of antiquaries , and timothy darvill , on september 22 , 2008 , found it may have been an ancient healing and pilgrimage site , since burials around stonehenge showed trauma and deformity evidence : " it was the magical qualities of these stones which ... transformed the monument and made it a place of pilgrimage for the sick and injured of the neolithic world .
in 1779 the scottish architect george richardson 's " iconology ; or a collection of emblematical figures ; containing four hundred and twenty - four remarkable subjects , moral and instructive ; in which are displayed the beauty of virtue and deformity of vice " was published in london .
surgery to release the fixed tissues may help with the deformity and function of the hand .
conversely , while a masseter muscle can be large due to congenital reasons , it can commonly be an acquired deformity .
- enucleation of the odontogenic cysts can help but new lesions , infections and jaw deformity are usually a result .
malformed , soiled , or low - grade pellets with seams and burrs can also be much more inaccurate - even a small deformity will throw the pellet off course .
given the common stereotypes that are applied to fat people ( unattractive , lazy ) , it seems that two of the three basic forms ( physical deformity , poor personal traits ) may apply to the case of weight stigma .
it seems to be a natural feeling to become squeamish at the sight of blood , injury or gross deformity , but many overcome these fears by the time they reach adulthood .
during bond ’s investigation he identifies gorner due to a deformity of his hand – which eventually turns out to be a vanity weakness of gorners – and establishes gorners complicity in a scheme to not only flood europe with cheap drugs , but also to launch a two pronged terrorist attack on the soviet union – whose retaliation will subsequently devastate the uk .
olmsted syndrome ( also known as " mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma with periorificial keratotic plaques , " and " polykeratosis of touraine " ) is a keratoderma of the palms and soles , with flexion deformity of the digits , that begins in infancy .
regular polygons were considered in isolation until chapter 7 of the book when the issue irregularity , or physical deformity , became considered .
in the original novel by gaston leroux , the phantom of the opera 's facial deformity is said to be caused by porphyria .
cranioplasty is a surgical repair of a defect or deformity of a skull .
in the " letter from a nobleman at hampton court to a doctor of divinity " ( 1733 ) , he scoffed at pope 's deformity and humble birth .
his " fashion in deformity " was a favourite theme in which he criticised the use of corsets with illustrations of distorted female skeletons .
” pulcinella is often portrayed as a freak with some kind of physical deformity like a hump or a limp , has limited speech , and is cunning and unruly .
in fact , due to a congenital deformity , mouskouri has only one functioning vocal cord .
in the setting of spine trauma and assessing sagittal plane deformity , the cobb angle is defined as the angle formed between a line drawn parallel to the superior endplate of one vertebra above the fracture and a line drawn parallel to the inferior endplate of the vertebra one level below the fracture .
tuberous breasts ( or tubular breasts ) are a result of a congenital breast deformity or abnormality which can occur in both men and women ( also see hypoplasia ) .
treatment usually occurs after birth and where plastic and reconstructive surgery is considered to treat the resulting deformity .
many otoplasties are performed not because of actual deformity , but because the individual is displeased with the shape of their ears .
sister bessie rice , like ellie may , also has a deformity of the face .
foot deformity .
one of his retorts referred to his deformity .
don diego de acebo was a figure of fun whose physical deformity provided entertainment for the court .
this physical deformity marking an otherwise perfect woman is a common theme among siren figures in the americas but it is usually one of the feet .
they were later joined by bassist rené jansen and in 1989 the trio released the " abnormal deformity " demo .
she is said to have been mentally deficient , like her oldest brother emperor ferdinand i , and to have suffered from a hideous facial deformity .
the underlying deformity of the joint may get worse over time , or may remain static .
possibly because of his deformity , the farmer does not speak any coherent dialogue throughout the film , instead communicating through a variety of roars and grunts to the other characters when confronted .
due to a spinal deformity caused by the polio , she was unable to change to a portable breathing device introduced in the late 1950s .
tra was involved in a car accident as a young child and has lived with the deformity ever since .
legg - calve - perthes disease is a degenerative disease of the head of the femur which results in bone loss and deformity .
he is shunned and feared by other deviants because he is not subject to the deformity of their race , his humanlike appearance seeming freakish to them .
many scales have been developed to determine the degree of deformity in the chest wall .
he had a slight deformity , a right ear that stuck out , of which he was very conscious , later taking to wearing a beret in order to hide it , until winnicott persuaded him to have it fixed in 1951 .
from birth , byron suffered from an unknown deformity of his right foot ( generally referred to as a " clubfoot " at the time , though some modern medical experts maintain that it was a consequence of infantile paralysis ( poliomyelitis ) , and others that it was a ' dysplasia ' , a failure of the region to form properly ) , causing a limp that resulted in lifelong misery for him , aggravated by painful and pointless " medical treatment " in his childhood and the suspicion that with proper care it might have been cured .
also , a rabbit - like hop can sometimes be seen in cymric cats due to the spinal deformity .
however , his looks were marred by a spinal deformity from which his nickname is derived .
a witch 's broom is a disease or deformity in a woody plant , typically a tree , where the natural structure of the plant is changed .
he authored a book , " principles of deformity correction " ( isbn 354041665x ) in 2002 , that was edited by herzenberg .
in many cases in which a major deformity is present at birth , it is the result of an underlying condition severe enough that the baby does not survive very long .
in diagnosis and treatment planning , the orthodontist must ( 1 ) recognize the various characteristics of malocclusion and dentofacial deformity ; ( 2 ) define the nature of the problem , including the etiology if possible ; and ( 3 ) design a treatment strategy based on the specific needs and desires of the individual .
a deformity , dysmorphism , or dysmorphic feature is a major difference in the shape of body part or organ compared to the average shape of that part .
dobbie 's own candidacy proved somewhat controversial , after she accused the rival reform party of being controlled by christian fundamentalists , and criticized her own party for running advertisements that mocked liberal leader jean chrétien 's facial deformity ( " winnipeg free press " , 17 october 1993 ) .
tory was criticized for approving a 1993 election ad that mocked liberal party leader jean chrétien 's facial deformity ( although the conservatives denied that was the ad 's intention ) .
these included , for the nazis , those suffering from " congenital mental deficiency , " schizophrenia,"manic - depressive insanity , " " hereditary epilepsy , " " hereditary chorea " ( huntington ’s ) , hereditary blindness , hereditary deafness , " any severe hereditary deformity , " as well as " any person suffering from severe alcoholism " .
supposedly , she cured the spinal deformity of sir hans sloane 's niece .
one of dr. lyons ' current projects is identification of the genes that cause head defect , a lethal deformity in american burmese cats .
dyesebels father , angered by his child 's deformity , wanted to abandon the child , only to be hindered by a bolt of lightning during a typhoon .
this allows less deformity in the string at full draw , as well as providing a more consistent release than can be achieved by human fingers .
grace mcdaniels ( 1888 - 1958 ) was a freak show star known as the " mule - faced woman " due to a severe facial deformity known as sturge - weber syndrome .
in addition to the ongoing debate of reduction versus fusion in situ , there is also new evidence emerging as to what form of fusion is most effect for eliminating symptoms and controlling deformity .
it is often used in older patients , where the sternum has calcified , when the deformity is asymmetrical , or when the less invasive nuss procedure has proven unsuccessful .
later works show elements of deformity borrowed from surrealism and emphasized realism from photorealism .
when viewed from behind , the deformity is sharply angled , and the resulting humpback is more easily seen when bending forward .
paralysis of deltiod & teres minor results in flat shoulder deformity .
once the fixator is attached to the bone , the deformity is characterised by studying the postoperative x - rays .
a documentary film crew is chronicling a teenager ( khleo thomas ) with a major facial deformity who opts to undergo a dramatic reconstructive procedure .
indications for laminectomy include ( 1 ) treatment of severe spinal stenosis by relieving pressure on the spinal cord or nerve roots , ( 2 ) access to a tumor or other mass lying in or around the spinal cord , or ( 3 ) a step in tailoring the contour of the vertebral column to correct a spinal deformity such as kyphosis .
due to his deformity , he was ostracized when he attended itsukaichi elementary school , and consequently kept to himself .
the children later leave the factory with an exaggerated characteristic or deformity related to their demise – augustus covered in chocolate , violet blue - colored , veruca covered in garbage and mike overstretched .
with doug having incapacitated lizard , ruby gives him catherine and , in an act of self sacrifice and freeing herself out of deformity , tackles lizard , throwing them both off of a cliff when she sees him getting up , saving doug and catherine .
for example , high arches can contribute to haglund ’s deformity .
similar characteristic features emerge in the human foot as pes cavus alignment deformity created by tight connective tissue structures and joint congruency create a rigid foot complex .
both by sugoll 's own assertion and the attestation of the rest of the howlers , sugoll is first among the howlers in all things - mental power , physical ability , and , most of all , physical deformity .
diagnosis is made predominantly by x - ray study , together with physical examination ( mris have also been found useful for judging the extent of the deformity ) .
taking into account that signs and symptoms of spinal deformity can not be changed by surgical intervention , surgery remains to be a cosmetic indication , only especially in patients with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis ( ais ) , the most common form of scoliosis never exceeding 80°. unfortunately the cosmetic effects of surgery are not necessarily stable .
anotia ( " no ear " ) describes a rare , congenital deformity , a missing auricle , the external , visible part of the ear .
these sorts of treatments address symptoms more than they correct the actual deformity .
while many of these procedures are done for purely cosmetic benefit , many plastic surgeons will work on these features ( giving them a more normal appearance ) , while performing a surgery to improve function as the result of a congenital deformity .
in certain area , the tip of the nose , and the nasal ala , mohs surgery can result in significant deformity , and might require multiple staged reconstruction to rebuild the nose cosmetically .
one study compared patients with ingrown toenails to healthy controls and found no difference in the shape of toenails between patients and controls and suggested that treatment should not be based on the correction of a non - existent nail deformity .
clarkson found a reference to a similar deformity published by alfred poland , over a hundred years earlier in guy 's hospital reports , in 1841 .
he noticed that three of his patients had both a hand deformity and an underdeveloped breast on the same side .
cubitus varus is not able to be diagnosed until after healing of the prior fracture , as the arm must be in full extension , not flexion , for the deformity to be noticed .
two complaints by the rhodesian ridgeback club of great britain were upheld - the unfair representation of research on dermoid sinus in ridgebacks and the club 's action with regard to the issue , and the description of the ridge of the breed as a deformity and a form of spina bifida .
thus the chief cause of this deformity is rickets .
in this novel , sinclair associates jewishness with pain and deformity and depression with sexual dissatisfaction .
in most developing countries it is a highly specialised technique used mainly for deformity correction by experienced surgeons due to its complexity .
much erosion from glacial movement has led to significant deformity at the cone — its upper sector is almost completely eroded .
the general rule is that the thicker the graft , the less the contraction and deformity .
walsh is unusual among his peers in that his playing career ended at age 13 , due to a spinal injury resulting from a birth deformity , which prevented him playing rugby .
he also believes that his father was the devil , and that his own penis bears some sort of deformity that would reveal this fact to any woman he became intimate with .
he was aged between 40 - 50 years , which was considerably old for a neanderthal , equivalent to 80 years old today , displaying severe signs of deformity .
cutaneous asthenia ( " weak skin " ) is a skin deformity characterised by abnormal elasticity and stretching of the skin .
at first , bonnie believes the man , ribaldi , is a monster due to his physical deformity and his cold , angry demeanor .
madelung 's deformity is usually characterized by malformed wrists and wrist bones and short stature and is often associated with léri - weill dyschondrosteosis .
though nowadays intramedullary limb lengthening devices are also available , they are not suitable for deformity correction of bones .
other injuries to the external ear occur fairly frequently , and can leave a major deformity .
madelung deformity can cause limited rotation of the wrist , chronic pain or pain after any activity involving the wrist , and limited strength .
a simple man born in south africa , k bears the deformity of a hare lip .
scoliosis research society ( srs ) is a non - profit , professional , international organization , made up of physicians and allied health personnel , whose purpose is to " care for those with spinal deformity throughout life by patient care , education , research and patient advocacy . "
the village of kergwyns is baffled by the bizarre shooting of an attractive local woman ; the only thing stolen from the scene being her left shoe and stocking , exposing her foot deformity .
the story is based on the life of joseph merrick who lived in the victorian era and is known for the extreme deformity of his body .
improper use of the makiwara can result in damage and deformity , however , proper use will not cause these results .
after the death of nessarose , elphaba learns that frex always believed nessa 's deformity to be his wife 's punishment for her affair with turtle heart , and cites this as the reason why he always favoured his second daughter : since he blamed someone else for her physical problems , he did not see her as a reminder of his own inadequacy , as he did elphaba .
lefort ii and lefort iii(common)- gross edema of soft tissue over the middle third of the face , bilateral circumorbital ecchymosis , bilateral subconjunctival haemorrhage , epistaxis , csfrhinorrhoea , dish face deformity , diplopia , enophthalmos , cracked pot sound .
stanley has microtia , his ears have a deformity of the pinna ( outer ear ) .
harrington rod instrumentation is used to treat instability and deformity of the spine .
vagina - vagus ganglia - vagus nerve - vallate papillae - vallecula - valsalva maneuver - valve - valvula - varicocele - varus deformity - vasa recta - vascular system - vein - vein of galen - velum - velum interpositum - vena terminalis - venogram - venter - ventral amygdalofugal pathway - ventral anterior thalamic nucleus - ventral cochlear nucleus - ventral corticospinal tract - ventral horn - ventral horn cell - ventral lateral nucleus of thalamus - ventral posterolateral nucleus - ventral posterolateral thalamus - ventral posteromedial nucleus - ventral root - ventral spinocerebellar tract - ventral trigeminothalamic tract - ventricle - ventromedial nucleus of hypothalamus - vermiform appendix - vertebra - vertebral artery - vertebral body - vertebral canal - vertebral column - vertebral vein - vertebrobasilar system - vertigo - vesicle - vesiculae seminales - vestibular folds - vestibular ganglion - vestibular membrane - vestibular nuclei - vestibule of the ear - vestibulocerebellar fiber - vestibulocerebellum - vestibulocochlear nerve - vestibuloocular reflexes - vestibulospinal tract - vibrissae - vidian nerve - villus - vinculum ( ligament ) - viscera - visceromotor nuclei - viscus - visible human project - visual cortex - visual fields - visual radiation - vitreous body - vitreous humor - vocal folds - vocal ligaments - vocalis muscle - volvulus - vomer - vomeronasal organ - vomiting center - vorticosae - vulva -
nevertheless , he supports current mexican legislation guaranteeing abortion for rape victims , when pregnancy endangers a woman 's life or in cases of severe fetal deformity ; has publicly advocated the legalization of small quantities of cocaine and other drugs for addicts who agree to undergo treatment ; and has approved a right - to - die law that allows terminally ill patients to refuse invasive treatment or extraordinary efforts to prolong their lives .
vakra means bend or deformity .
per this miniseries , the army conducted painful , inhumane experiments on the captive un - men , toward the goal of “ mating ” them and then producing a “ serum ” that would eliminate deformity in the offspring .
abortion in monaco is only allowed in cases of rape , fetal deformity or illness , or fatal danger to the mother .
many europeans associated the hyena with sexual deformity , prostitution and deviant sexual behavior .
shepherds crook deformity is a severe form of coxa vara where the proximal femur is severely deformed with a reduction in the neck shaft angle beyond 90 degrees .
signs vary but may include bleeding from the nose , nasal discharge , facial deformity from bone erosion and tumor growth , sneezing , or difficulty breathing .
the prohibition is explained by contemporary rabbis as part of a general prohibition on body modification that does not serve a medical purpose ( such as to correct a deformity ) .
it had campaigned vigorously against the legalization of abortion up to ten weeks in the portuguese abortion referendum , 1998 and in the portuguese abortion referendum , 2007 , where under the current law abortions are allowed up to 12 weeks if the mother 's life or mental or physical health is at risk , up to 16 weeks in cases of rape and up to 24 weeks if the child may be born with an incurable disease or deformity ; whereas the new law proposal will allow abortions on request up to the tenth week .
in mizora , a narrow waist is considered a " disgusting deformity " — reversing the preference of lane 's own time for tightly - corseted women .
swan neck deformity has many possible causes arising from the dip , pip , or even the mcp joints .
the national association of evangelicals and the lds church oppose abortion on demand , but consider abortion allowable in cases with clear evidence of severe fetal deformity , dire threat to the life / physical health of the pregnant woman , or when a pregnancy results from rape or incest .
while most recent data suggests that uka in properly selected patients has survival rates comparable to tka , most surgeons believe that tka is the more reliable long term procedure . persons with infectious or inflammatory arthritis ( rheumatoid , lupus , psoriatic ) , or marked deformity are not candidates for this procedure .
they argue that this accounts for the high number of burials in the area and for the evidence of trauma deformity in some of the graves .
in some instances , the cause is physiological , and the patient has some sort of deformity or medical condition which causes a lisp .
there was a deformity in the bones of the right leg , which was not straight , but bowed forwards .
the authors concluded that reduction and instrumented fusion resulted in poorer long - term outcome than fusion in situ and that the deformity tended to recur following reduction .
the deformity is due to a failure in early fetal development where the shoulder fails to descend properly from the neck to its final position .
her son pépin , who suffered from a spinal deformity and was called " the hunchback " , was eclipsed by charlemagne 's sons from his later marriage to hildegard .
in those with foot deformity , approximately 60% are in the tarsometatarsal joints ( medial joints affected more than lateral ) , 30% metatarsophalangeal joints and 10% have ankle disease .
tuberous breast deformity .
conversely , a " valgus " deformity at the knee results in a " knock - kneed " appearance , with the distal part of the leg deviated " outward " .
the angular , translational , rotational , and length deformity values are then entered into specialised software online , along with paramaters such as the ring size and initial strut lengths .
when ten year old boy quasimodo shows signs of deformity , his well - to - do parents place him in the charge of the town ’s mysterious evangelist , frollo .
x - rays of gemina 's neck showed that her vertebrae had fused together , but scientists , zoologists and veterinarians could find no explanation for the deformity .
this deformity could be from a genetic disorder known as brachymesophalangia .
other skeletal signs include a progressively shortened spine due to spinal curvature ( kyphoscoliosis and lumbar lordosis ) , severely flattened bones of the spine ( platyspondyly ) , dumbbell - shaped bones in the arms and legs , long and knobby fingers , and occasionally a foot deformity called clubfoot .
the disease is symmetrical and leads to severe deformity in a few years .
while sulla 's shadow covers the majority of the rest of the book — his physical deformity , after his pale skin is all but destroyed by intense sun exposure , is always contrasted with his near - absolute political power — after his willing resignation of power , retirement to a pleasure villa and dramatic death , three young men of the next generation begin to vie to become the masters of rome in their own right : pompey the great 's youthful campaigns and his fierce battle against the roman renegade quintus sertorius are narrated , as are marcus licinius crassus ' struggle against spartacus , and the youthful adventures of gaius julius caesar .
boutonniere deformity is a deformed position of the finger , in which the joint nearest the knuckle ( pip ) is permanently bent toward the palm while the furthest joint ( dip ) is bent back away ( pip hyperflexion with dip hyperextension ) .
their varied levels in blood are used to determine any deformity in the organ of secretion .
however , tests found no sign of injury at the time , and there is no evidence that the accident caused the neck deformity .
onychauxis presents with thickened nails without deformity , and this simple thickening may be the result of trauma , acromegaly , darier 's disease , psoriasis , or pityriasis rubra pilaris , or , in some cases , hereditary .
karontor is the giant deity of deformity , hatred , and beasts .
obvious deformity in the fractured area ,
another possible contributor to haglund ’s deformity is a tendency to walk on the outside of the heel .
sarno theorizes that because patients often report that back pain seems to move around , up and down the spine , or from side to side , that this implies the pain may not be caused by a physical deformity or injury .
a certain intensity certainly is necessary in order to allow the very best compliance with conservative treatment and in order to acquire coping strategies to allow to live with the deformity and with the conservative treatment .
