once a position tagged command has been executed , it may be flagged for deletion or left to execute again when the spacecraft is once again over the same point .
trim50 is deleted in williams syndrome , a multisystem developmental disorder caused by the deletion of contiguous genes at 7q11.23 .
it is a common feature among indo - aryan languages , referring to the deletion of a stem 's final syllable 's before a suffix starting with a vowel .
taitz has also advocated numerous internet - related conspiracy theories , including complaints about alleged paypal attacks and the previous deletion of her wikipedia entry and allegations that google improperly flagged her web page as an attack site and suppressed search results for her name .
deletion or mutation of this gene results in loss of the functional protein and affects the proper development of the olfactory system .
the late changes proust made include a small crucial detail and the deletion of approximately 150 pages .
a cancel message requests the deletion of a specific article .
without backup it is easier to lose huge amounts of digital data , for example by accidental deletion of folders , or by failure of a mass storage device .
" the vowel that was in the final strong syllable in the singular form " makizin " and hence exempt from syncope is now in a weak syllable because of the following suffix , and is eligible for deletion .
when the b cell fails in any step of the maturation process , it will die by a mechanism called apoptosis , here called clonal deletion .
most reviewers agree that " adom " may be very hard to play for beginners due to the deletion of savefiles , which is uncommon for games outside of roguelike genre ..
photo loss or deletion failures may be due to both hardware or software failures .
children are treated and educated with the specific goal of mainstreaming children diagnosed with the following into public school : down syndrome , william 's syndrome , cerebral palsy , deletion syndrome , pdds including rett syndrome , autism , and apert syndrome , as well as children with visual , speech and hearing delays .
a genetic analysis of some fap kindreds revealed that a common feature of the disease is a deletion of the " apc gene " .
for this reason , it is also not a valid language subtag for bcp 47 as it was not registered in the iana language subtags registry ( waiting for a decision for the deletion request that was initiated in 2008 , but also because iso 639 - 3 was still a draft , as well as iso 5646 which was still not published to allow importing standard iso 639 - 3 codes in this registry on 29 july 2009 ) .
the deletion of the curves prevents through train services between ormskirk and southport and southport and preston .
defective interfering rnas are small sub - viral replicons which are non - coding deletion mutants of the virus that maintain cis - acting rna elements necessary for replication of the host virus .
this program often re - directs pop - ups to your browser , downloads other adware and spy ware programs onto your computer without your consent , captures private details such your local ip address and visited websites , re - installs itself after incomplete deletion , establishes its own.exe program , and disables your firewalls , internet options , homepage , and other vital functions that threaten its own existence .
2q37 deletion syndrome .
clonal deletion .
a good example of deletion by this algorithm is present in the .
an insertion / deletion polymorphism in the gene encoding for angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) alters the clinical phenotype of the disease .
graph coloring has been studied as an algorithmic problem since the early 1970s : the chromatic number problem is one of karp ’s 21 np - complete problems from 1972 , and at approximately the same time various exponential - time algorithms were developed based on backtracking and on the deletion - contraction recurrence of .
this negative selection is known as clonal deletion , one of the mechanisms for t cell tolerance .
copyright holders may still request the manual deletion of infringing material using the provisions of world intellectual property organization treaty implementations , such as the u.s. online copyright infringement liability limitation act .
he resigned his seat in a dispute over the deletion of emails by premier gordon campbell 's deputy minister to the premier , ken dobell .
animal studies have illustrated that the deletion of the rip140 gene in mice by genetic knockdown results in the lack of fat accumulation , even when mice are fed a high fat diet .
vowel clusters occur in koasati , unlike in other muskogean languages where such clusters are made impossible by metathesis and vowel deletion .
deletion .
nilsson " et al . " also demonstrated the use of padlock probes to differentiate between a normal and a mutant cystic fibrosis conductance receptor ( " cfcr " ) where the cfcr mutant had a 3bp deletion corresponding to one of the ends of the probe .
7 ) folio 14a hand s : the original again , and the whole page cancelled for deletion .
the most noticeable change in rank insignia after unification was the deletion of british stars and crowns on officer 's shoulder boards .
many have also decried the wholesale deletion of the penultimate chapter of the novel , " the scouring of the shire " , a part tolkien felt thematically necessary .
the effect of an inhibition can be classified as lethal or non - lethal by applying the same criteria as in the case of a deletion where a suitable threshold is used to distinguish “ substantially reduced ” from “ slightly reduced ” .
the differences between the film and novel include the omission of winfield scott hancock as a major character ; the deletion of stonewall jackson 's less savory characteristics and eccentricities ; the introduction of scenes and characters not in the original novel ( primarily during the battle and destruction of fredericksburg ) ; and the complete expulsion of the actions of darius n. couch , john f. reynolds , and george g. meade , which led to the successful preservation of the army of the potomac after the defeat at chancellorsville .
streptomyces roseosporus , the producer organism of daptomycin , is amenable to genetic manipulation ; the daptomycin biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned , sequenced and expressed in a s. lividans ; the lipopeptide biosynthetic machinery has the potential to be interrupted by variations of natural precursors , as well as precursor - directed biosynthesis , gene deletion , genetic exchange , and module exchange ; the molecular engineering tools have been developed to facilitate the expression of the three individual nrps genes from three different sites in the chromosome , using ermep * for expression of two genes from ectopic loci ; other lipopeptide gene clusters , both related and unrelated to daptomycin , have been cloned and sequenced , thus providing genes and modules to allow the generation of hybrid molecules ; derivatives can be afforded via chemoenzymatic synthesis ; and lastly , efforts in medicinal chemistry are able to further modify these products of molecular engineering .
after the shutdown of mp3.com , trusonic 's independent artists ' musical recordings were on the verge of deletion .
the core principles of data protected are limited collection , consent of the subject , accuracy , integrity , security , subject right of review and deletion .
due to the deletion of the scene wherein she played eric stoltz 's wife in allison anders ' " grace of my heart " , ryan made her 1999 movie debut in " roberta " .
certain populations have inherited the " delta 32 " mutation resulting in the genetic deletion of the ccr5 gene . homozygous carriers of this mutation are resistant to hiv-1 infection .
this phenotype is similar to those that lack expression of ctla-4 , tgf-β , human disease ipex , or deletion of the foxp3 gene in mice ( " scurfy mice " ) .
the " g207 " herpes simplex virus mutant contains a lacz insertion , inactivating ribonucleotide reductase , as well as deletion of a virulence gene for safeties sake , has progressed to clinical trials for the treatment in brain cancer .
here they can dwell without having to worry about deletion at the hands of agents , nor do they have to worry about concealing their powers and their true nature , lest they be targeted by agents or other exiles .
even the game footage trailers posted to youtube were removed after sony pictures entertainment requested their deletion because of their unlicened nature .
a large - scale application of sga in which ~130 query genes were crossed to the set of ~5000 viable deletion mutants in yeast revealed a genetic network containing ~1000 genes and ~4000 ssl interactions .
in the de novo form , the size of the deletion is variable and can go from 130kbp ( 130,000 base pairs ) to 9mbp ( 9,000,000 base pairs ) .
it is a command line utility which ( by default ) exercises the gutmann 35-pass algorithm for secure file deletion .
his initial response to the cinematic " a clockwork orange " was very enthusiastic ; his only bother was the deletion of the story ’s last chapter of redemption , an absence he blamed upon his american publisher ( this final chapter was omitted in all american editions of the novel prior to 1986 ) and not director kubrick .
skat tv - a broadcaster broadly sympathetic to the party 's view - have been subject to deletion from some cable tv providers in bulgaria .
some people feel that the deletion of homosexuality as a mental disorder from the dsm - iii and the ensuing creation of the gid diagnosis was merely sleight of hand by psychiatrists , who changed the focus of the diagnosis from the deviant desire ( of the same sex ) to the subversive identity ( or the belief / desire for membership of the opposite sex / gender ) .
deletion is similar to the process of dissimilation or assimilation because the pronunciation is made easier .
deletion from an internal node .
that said , the video remains on blip.tv's servers after deletion ( but unavailable to the outside world ) .
most candidates for positions at the european level are elected at the agora , which also ratifies the creation or deletion of antennae , working groups and projects .
among major languages , what might be called a pro - drop language is japanese ( featuring pronoun deletion not only for subjects , but for practically all grammatical contexts ) .
first and foremost is the deletion of the right of a husband to claim damages from the adulterer .
the continued erosion of the gts350 cache was compounded by the deletion of specific ' 350 ' decals on the post-1973 cars , with all monaro gts coupes and sedans now being externally labelled with the generic hq series ' v8 ' bootlid badge .
the remainder of the mine , now at least 210 metres deep , was renamed south wheal crofty which , with the deletion of ' wheal ' , has been the name ever since .
when the deletion rate of the web pages are accounted for , they found that the overall fitness distribution is exponential .
gsp graphs may be specified by the " definition 2 " augmented with the third operation of deletion of a dangling vertex ( vertex of degree 1 ) .
the yussef ( yus ) phenotype is due to a 57 base pair deletion corresponding to exon 2 .
the thread , like all old threads eventually do on these types of imageboards , has since cycled to deletion .
they also experimented with epor knock - down animals and found deletion of epor genes specific to the brain lead to a reduction in cell growth in the subventricular zone and impaired neurogenesis after stroke .
in female mice , the deletion of enos and cox-1 did not affect mean arterial blood pressure , while males become hypertensive
c. albicans " with a deletion of chk1 , the two - component histidine kinase gene , show defects in morphogenesis and a drastic decrease in the cell ’s ability to resist elimination by human neutrophils .
according to " haaretz " , " a link on the jidf site shows a screenshot from an arabic - language group on facebook that jidf says was promoting hezbollah propaganda and had attracted more than 118,000 members on facebook before the jidf began a wholesale deletion of the group 's members , eventually deleting 109,873 members , leaving the group with less than 10,000 . "
lazy deletion .
extensions and deletion .
these frameshifts are corrected after transcription by the insertion and deletion of uridine residues at precise sites which create an open reading frame that is translated into a mitochondrial protein homologous to mitochondrial proteins from other cells .
there are pmwiki recipes allowing an easier management of the uploaded files , e.g. deletion or thumbnail / gallery creation .
his theory of metaphor has two facets : the creation and understanding of novel meanings ( based on the " controversion " and " feature deletion " theories ) , and perceived qualities .
“ 18p deletion syndrome ” , or “
in a small number of affected individuals without a chromosome 22 deletion , mutations in the tbx1 gene are thought to be responsible for the characteristic signs and symptoms of the syndrome .
operational experience soon resulted in the deletion of the inboard thrust - reversers due to continued tailplane buffeting despite the engine repositioning .
deletion .
by the middle scots period and deletion had occurred intervocalically and between a nasal / liquid consonant and a vowel .
a further problem is that , even with the best alignment , the formula can not distinguish a substitution error from a combined deletion plus insertion error .
since the tight control of enzyme activity is essential for homeostasis , any malfunction ( mutation , overproduction , underproduction or deletion ) of a single critical enzyme can lead to a genetic disease .
the most common deletion is 4.9 kb and spans from position 8469 to position 13147 on the genome .
in standard finnish , consonant clusters may not be broken by epenthetic vowels ; foreign words undergo consonant deletion rather than addition of vowels .
this resulted in the deletion of the mud account in october 1987 .
the gated shift quadrants also permitted the deletion of the reverse safety blocker valve which , in torqueflites made through 1965 , had shifted the transmission harmlessly into neutral if the reverse position were selected with the vehicle moving forward above approximately .
still others believe that its editorial policy on feature selection and hiding or deletion of articles is overly biased in certain topic areas , such as the israeli - palestinian conflict .
the facial features of 1p36 deletion syndrome have been considered to be characteristic , although few patients have been diagnosed solely on the basis of facial appearance .
breaking this rule ( known as " double login " ) is considered cheating , with punishment ranging from warnings to character deletion .
the incidence of the 22q13 deletion syndrome is uncertain .
the deletion of the 48 copies of the c / d box snorna snord116 has been shown to be the primary cause of prader –
deletion in a 2 - 3 - 4 tree is o(log n ) , while transfer and fusion constant time , o(1 ) .
the first corrector of א , probably the contemporary διορθωτής , was at pains to enclose in brackets and mark with dots for deletion two famous passages in luke written by the original scribe which , being absent from b w 579 and the egyptian versions , we infer were not accepted in the text at that time dominant in alexandria , viz .
it maintained this designation until its subsequent deletion in 1969 .
some of these groups propose deletion of these pejorative definitions , while others feel that the entries should be flagged as offensive .
the stricken text or the dele itself may be framed by top and bottom curved brackets , as in this example , to indicate that the space left after deletion is to be closed up .
unfortunately , the website " www.firehand.com " has been listed by network solutions as having expired on 09 - 16 - 2007 and is pending renewal or deletion .
while ccr5 has multiple variants in its coding region , the deletion of a 32-bp segment results in a nonfunctional receptor , thus preventing hiv entry ; two copies of this gene provide strong protection against hiv infection , although the protection is not absolute .
years later , it seemed that suguru had found yggdrasil with bantyoliomon 's help , only to be shocked at the news of mercurymon 's deletion at the hands of gizmon xt .
activation of t cells without co - stimulation may lead to t cell anergy , t cell deletion or the development of immune tolerance .
honda made significant upgrades for 1993 , making a " type ii " version of the sohc c32a engine standard on all coupes , along with a 6-speed manual transmission . 1993 also saw the addition of dual airbags as standard equipment all trims , the deletion of the black molding on the entry level cars , and a new wheel design with fewer spokes on the sedans ( 16-spoke vs. 20-spoke ) .
listwise deletion will exclude these respondents from analysis .
this inhibition is alleviated by binding of the allosteric effector , adomet , or by deletion of the regulatory domain ; however , the magnitude of the effects differ .
the pt6d-114a is based on the pt6a-114a. the main difference is the deletion of the second stage
the reason is that the frustration index equals the smallest number of edges whose negation ( or , equivalently , deletion ; a theorem of harary ) makes σ balanced .
wikidumper.org is a website created by clifford a. pickover that promises to permanently record a snapshot of the " best of the wikipedia rejects " , articles that are slated for deletion at the site .
articulation errors are commonly present in children with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome .
the deletion of the casemate armour required for the 6-inch guns formerly mounted allowed the main belt armour to be increased at very little cost in weight .
chromosomal mutation ( deletion , duplication , inversion , translocation ) are the source of genetic variation which are expressed by soma clones .
a controversy emerged regarding deletion of the concept of neurosis , a mainstream of psychoanalytic theory and therapy but seen as vague and unscientific by the dsm task force .
if the difference of spacer - composition is below this threshold , some cross - interaction between the mutants may occur leading to a faulty deletion of the sequence between the heterospecific ( fm / fn or f / fn ) sites .
he and hexadecimal were once one virus ( kilobyte ) , who was scheduled for deletion by the guardians , but upgraded into gigabyte before it could be carried out .
while he was always in favour of non - violent solutions , in season 4 he was now opposed to deletion of virals under any circumstances , which caused conflict with other characters like matrix .
when referring to translational frameshifting , the latter is always inferred , the former being a usual unfortunate result of a point mutation such as a deletion .
accordingly , in mice with targeted deletion of the 20alpha - hsd gene , progesterone blood concentration remain high throughout pregnancy which results in a delay of 2 - 4 days in parturition .
when 7q is mutated by deletion or translocation ectrodactyly can sometimes be associated with hearing loss .
the powerful approach of transgenics , namely deletion and/or overexpression of a gene product coupled with lipidomics , can give valuable insights into the role of biochemical pathways .
michael anti himself , while angry at the deletion of his blog , argued that the chinese are better off with windows live spaces than without it .
in the case where many records are to be deleted in one operation , marking the slots for deletion and later rebuilding may be more efficient .
in the bull of excommunication issued against patriarch michael by the papal legates , one of the reasons cited was the eastern church 's deletion of the " filioque " from the original nicene creed .
later , in the sixteenth century , when the culture of publishing included europe ’s vernacular languages , græco – roman scribal abbreviations disappeared — an ideologic deletion ascribed to the anti - latinist protestant reformation ( 1517–1648 ) .
free galleries remain hosted indefinitely , with no risk of deletion due to inactivity .
moss 2007 also allows content types and document libraries to have information management policies , which allows the triggering of workflow or deletion of information after a certain fixed event or time period , helping to reduce many of the size - growth problems of earlier versions ...
he almost created his own version of andhra mahabharatamu by modification , addition and deletion , while maintaining the story line .
radix trees have worst - case o("k " ) insertion and deletion .
in comparison , deletion of il-4 abrogates these responses .
these sub - viral replicons are small , non - coding , deletion mutants of the viral genome that maintain cis - acting rna elements necessary for replication
the technical features of p20 are : y position is 25029911 ; 23396163 ... forward primer is tggatctgattcacaggtag ... reverse primer is ccaacaatatgtcacaatctc ... the mutation is a deletion of c. the mutation was identified at the university of arizona and first reported by the y chromosome consortium in 2002 .
as in open addressing , deletion from a coalesced hash table is awkward and potentially expensive , and resizing the table is terribly expensive and should be done rarely , if ever .
the road was taken over on january 10 , 1916 , and immediately reused to replace part of sr-37 in ogden after its 1969 deletion .
the condition results from a deletion on chromosome 11 resulting in the loss of several genes .
- " weak syllable deletion " : omission of an unstressed syllable in the target word , e.g. , for ‘ banana’
the deletion of this amino acid can lead to liver cirrhosis and hepatosplenomegaly ( enlarged spleen and liver ) during early infancy .
this can happen after an insertion or deletion of a node .
the intron deletion process is called splicing .
the walkout is fictional , and apparently most delegates , northern and southern , supported the deletion of the clause .
the deletion occurs especially if the final consonant is a nasal consonant or a stop consonant .
curved side glass added to the effect , as did the deletion of the " shoulder " which had made the design of the 1965 - 68 dodges ( and , for that matter , all chrysler corporation full - size cars ) look like boxes stacked upon one another .
the zk series of 1982 saw the deletion of the 5.8 l v8 , which was the first sign the company would soon drop bent - eights from the local line - up .
kern was reportedly so incensed by the deletion of " mis'ry 's comin ' round " that he made it the principal motif of " show boats original overture and asked orchestrator robert russell bennett to work sections of it into the background music as well , where it is now played by the orchestra during some of the dialogue scenes involving the mulatto actress julie la verne .
chromosome 5q deletion syndrome .
after deletion , we splay the parent of the removed node to the top of the tree .
deletion ( music industry ) .
the storyboard also allows for deletion and reinsertion of actions .
nude mice have a spontaneous deletion in the foxn1 gene .
house - senate conferees , however , saw the need to keep the crv options open , believing that nasa 's redesign and consequent deletion of the crv premature , and so directed nasa to spend up to us$ 40 million to keep the x-38 program alive .
however , for the player , deletion of megaman .
when the problem area of code now sees the specific string " blank " it proceeds with the deletion of the form .
it was possible that the provisions of the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 could have been employed to enact it , but the legislation was approved following concessions by the government , including deletion of the 12 ship repairing companies .
species may be proposed for listing ( or deletion ) by any party , whether or not it is a range state and may be included despite objections by range states if there is sufficient ( 2/3 majority ) support for the listing .
file deletion is a way of removing a file from a computer 's file system .
the retention of initial p in gudang indicates that this is a wcl loan , as the expected form ( through initial deletion or lenition and internal vvnc reduction , crowley 1983:330 - 332 ) would be " * ada"/"*aada " or " * wada"/"*waada " , as has occurred in gud " ipadha " from pp * pi : pa " father " )
many other slight differences of a few words here and there can be found throughout the play ( though these do not impact the plot the way that the deletion of miss verjuice does ) .
he also diagnosed the first case of cri du chat syndrome , or 5p deletion syndrome , in 1963 .
this deletion results in a condition called adrenal hypoplasia congenita with complex glycerol kinase deficiency .
in the bull of excommunication issued against patriarch michael by the papal legates , one of the reasons cited was the eastern church 's deletion of the " filioque " from the original nicene creed .
the only visible exterior change for 1995 was the deletion of the orange turn signals in the tail lights , used from 1992 - 1994 .
lookup , insertion , and deletion all take o(log " n " ) time in both the average and worst cases , where n is the number of nodes in the tree prior to the operation .
with the deletion of the touring cruiser at the end of the 2006 model year , the last of the original v92 motorcycles was finally retired from the lineup .
in regard to the deletion of ethnic references , many of carl macek ’s earlier adaptations were in science fiction or other genres where the setting was ethnically neutral , and these changes did not significantly affect the integrity of the script .
the late changes proust made include a small , crucial detail and the deletion of approximately 150 pages .
mint officials felt that deletion of the tin content would have no adverse effect on the wearing qualities of the coin , whereas the manufacturing advantages to be gained with the alloy stabilized at 95% copper and 5% zinc would be of much benefit .
early descriptions of btrieve referred to it as a " record manager " ( though pervasive initially used the term navigational database but later changed this to transactional database ) because it only deals with the underlying record creation , data retrieval , record updating and data deletion primitives .
bancholeomon was there when news about merukimon 's deletion at the hands of gizumon xt reached king drasil .
as a result of the itunes deletion and only being available on cd , " easy " freefalled down the charts - dropping to number sixteen in its third week , number thirty in its fourth week and number fifty - nine in its fifth week .
since the algorithm only deletes edges when it does not disconnect the graph , any edge removed by the algorithm was in a cycle at the time of deletion .
the long association with aphids and the limitation of crossover events due to strictly vertical transmission has seen the deletion of genes required for anaerobic respiration , the synthesis of amino sugars , fatty acids , phospholipids , and complex carbohydrates .
indeed , deletion of these genes in the fission yeast " s. pombe " disrupts histone methylation and centromere formation , causing slow or stalled anaphase during cell division .
rather , a technique closely related to b - trees allows the selection of a fraction of data that is guaranteed to be smaller than 1/"d " , with the selected items guaranteed to be spaced a constant number of positions apart in the full list , and such that an insertion or deletion into the augmented list associated with a node causes changes to propagate to other nodes for a fraction of the operations that is less than 1/"d " .
db4o supports automatic object schema evolution for the basic class model changes ( field name deletion / addition ) .
editing by insertion or deletion .
business objects can also be marked for deletion so they can later be deleted ( for example when a user has pressed a button confirming his or her intention to delete the rows . )
that night , when guilmon slipped into a warp between earth and the digital world , hypnos picked up the signal from the tunnel under the park and yamaki , in direct defiance of orders from above , uploaded his yuggoth deletion program into the hypnos system and had riley target the tunnel with it .
however , in some cases , the deletion results from a more complicated chromosome rearrangement .
the editor - in - chief reviewed the first draft of the paper and marked the capitalist piglet comic for deletion from the issue .
. updated bumpers front and rear , new body side moldings , and the deletion of the small fixed window in the rear doors completed the exterior changes .
genedx currently performs testing for more than 200 rare mendelian disorders using dna sequencing and deletion / duplication analysis of the associated gene(s ) .
symptoms seen in patients carrying ring chromosomes are more likely to be caused by the deletion of genes in the telomeric regions of affected chromosomes , rather than by the formation of a ring structure itself .
with the deletion of state route 480 in 1991 , the " 480 " designation is once again available .
these proteins have a conserved n - terminal motif , deletion of which impairs growth in macrophages and granulomas .
deletion of rows from a table , for example , does not cause autonumber fields to be re - numbered , but instead leaves " holes " in the numbering .
deletion is accomplished using a function called either m_delete ( ) or map_delete ( ) , depending on the driver , used like : codice_53
decarboxylation reaction - decomposition - defective interfering particle - deletion - denaturation ( biochemistry ) - dendrite - dendritic cell - dengue fever - depolarization - developmental biology - diabetes - dialysis - diatoms - diffusion - digestion - digestive system - digital organism - dihybrid cross - dimer - diploid - disulfide bridge - dna - dna replication - dna sequence - dna virus - double helix - down syndrome - drosophila - drugs - dynein
deletion of final /-n/ in inflectional suffixes .
there were still enough copies in the shops , and the song slipped to # 2 the week after its deletion .
after deletion of a gene , the knockout moss has lost the trait encoded by this gene .
these " sacres " are commonly given in a phonetic spelling to indicate the differences in pronunciation from the original word , several of which , notably the deletion of final consonants and change of to before are typical of highly informal quebec french .
for several years rogers or cable atlantic aired scrolling text from broadcast news in its place , and was faulted on several occasions for untimely malfunctions of the automated equipment that performed the deletion ( i.e. , entire segments of " canadian idol " being blocked ) .
due to this , anime containing homosexual characters is often heavily censored through plot changes , dialog editing , and the deletion of scenes .
the symptoms may vary , depending on the exact location of the chromosomal deletion .
abusive or improper behaviour is strictly forbidden and can result in the deletion of the respective profile and its content , as well as possible legal consequences .
the cookie setter can specify a deletion date , in which case the cookie will be removed on that date .
for instance , the space resulting from the deletion of an infinite line from the plane is not connected .
a deletion - mutation at position 1100 of the chek2 gene is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer , particularly in the european population .
however , due to a process of h - deletion , there are words in which some speakers produce long vowels , such as ' hill , mountain ' , phonemically .
three ( " pringle " , " stevens " , " halford " ) were built ( six planned ) with aircraft catapults , resulting in the deletion of one 5-inch mount and the after set of torpedo tubes .
the condition is caused by a genetic deletion ( loss of a segment of dna ) on the outermost band on the short arm ( p ) of chromosome 1 .
the b2/b3 deletion in the azfc region of the human y - chromosome is a characteristic of haplogroup n haplotypes .
truncation and deletion .
dna mismatch repair is a system for recognizing and repairing erroneous insertion , deletion and mis - incorporation of bases that can arise during dna replication and recombination , as well as repairing some forms of dna damage .
the gn range had a number of external trim changes over its predecessors , notably a black trim line around the base of the body , and the deletion of the wrap - round chrome strip seen on the previous model .
this was the maximum practical enlargement of the engine given the limitations of the block as evidenced by the deletion of water passages between the cylinders .
the iterated elimination ( or deletion ) of dominated strategies is one common technique for solving games that involves iteratively removing dominated strategies .
in this case , the directory also provides dates of creation and deletion , address counts and an ordnance survey grid reference for each postcode , allowing it to be mapped directly .
some common changes are the deletion or repetition of words when the copyist 's eye returns to a similar word in the wrong location of the original text .
in january 1972 the state committee for cinematography requested editorial changes before releasing " solaris " , such as a more realistic film with a clearer image of the future , and deletion of allusions to god and christianity ; tarkovsky successfully resisted such major changes , yet , after some minor edits , " solaris " was approved for release in march of 1972 .
a completed phase ii , multi - centre , single - arm , open - label study evaluated the efficacy and safety of revlimid monotherapy treatment for achieving haematopoietic improvement in red blood cell ( rbc ) transfusion dependent subjects with low- or intermediate-1-risk mds associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality .
written in a japanese haiku style , pound ’s process of deletion from thirty lines to only fourteen words typifies imagism ’s focus on economy of language , precision of imagery and experimenting with non - traditional verse forms .
for one year , the acces blocking should be replaced by stronger efforts to tighten international cooperation regarding deletion of incriminated sites .
mouse models of pws show similar symptoms to humans ( hyperphagia and growth deficiency ) , providing further evidence that pws is directly linked to the deletion of snord116 .
as part of the revised rules , singles would now be removed from the chart two weeks after the deletion of the physical formats , which meant " crazy " fell out of the chart 11 weeks later from number 5 , and a subsequent chart - topper , nelly furtado 's " maneater " , disappeared from number 10 .
however , a man and his father with a usp9y deletion who could produce sperm were recently reported .
in 1987 , it was first noted that around half of the children with as have a small piece of chromosome 15 missing ( " chromosome 15q partial deletion " ) .
for example , it has been shown that deletion of anti - shine - dalgarno sequence from 16s rrna does n't lead to translation initiation at non - authentic sites .
22q13 deletion syndrome .
deletion .
if a line is modified , it is represented as a deletion and addition .
in 2004 , some minor changes were made including the deletion of the union jack logos .
large - scale mutations involve the deletion or gain of a portion of a chromosome .
indeed , in the worm " caenorhabditis elegans " the opposite may even be true , as the deletion of sod genes have been reported to increase lifespan .
to improve this when an element is searched and found in the table the element is relocated to the first location marked for deletion that was probed during the search .
the deletion of paragraph 175 .
finally , there is one large deletion that removes much of the carboxy - terminus of the channel .
further deletion constructs identified an essential 68-nucleotide element within the fie3 .
although the empire won the battle of hoth by destroying the rebel base and capturing many rebel personnel and equipment , the rebels did n't attempt a full - scale defense , but rather worked to stall the empire 's forces long enough to stage an effective evacuation , and to allow the deletion of compromising information as to the whereabouts of the rebel fleet .
typically , autism can not be traced to a mendelian ( single - gene ) mutation or to single chromosome abnormalities such as fragile x syndrome or 22q13 deletion syndrome .
this might include such activities as removing or archiving logs that the system has made as a result of the users activities , or deletion of temporary files which may otherwise simply take up space .
it differs from other file deletion programs such as darik 's boot and nuke which attempt to erase data using block writes , and therefore can not access certain portions of the hard drive .
the precise function of hyy is unknown , but in mice , complete deletion of the htt gene is lethal .
corruption of the planned recordings table prevents the deletion of entries .
gap-43 deletion is lethal days after birth which demonstrates that gap-43 plays a critical role in the development of the mammalian cns .
the affirmative imperative for second person pronouns " tu " and " vós " is obtained from the present indicative , by deletion of the final " -s " ( in some cases , an accent mark must be added to the vowel which precedes it ) .
deletion ( genetics ) .
the article was created on november 8 , 2004 , and exposed as a hoax 15 months later when on february 1 , 2006 it was listed for deletion .
surigaonon underwent certain morphophonemic processes , such as assimilation , deletion , alternation and metathesis ( dumanig , 2005 ) .
rebalancing after deletion .
the structure of the g / c rich element appears to be important to its regulatory function as replacement of the g / c rich region with an unstructured sequence has a greater effect on regulation of translation than a simple deletion of part of the g / c rich region .
often , fusion genes are oncogenes ; examples include bcr - abl , tel - aml1 ( all with t(12 ; 21 ) ) , aml1-eto ( m2 aml with t(8 ; 21 ) ) and tmprss2-erg with an interstitial deletion on chromosome 21 , often occurring in prostate cancer .
a vertex or an edge is a critical element of a graph " g " if its deletion would decrease the chromatic number of " g " .
deletion of xrcc4 or lig4 causes embryonic lethality in mice , indicating that nhej is essential for viability in mammals .
deletion .
the deletion operation .
although all of this information can be used to infer phylogenetic relationships of genes or organisms , information on mutations , including substitution , insertion , and deletion , is most frequently used in phylogeny reconstruction .
it usually gives better results than listwise deletion ( in which all subjects with any missing values are omitted from the analysis ) , and may be competitive with a maximum likelihood approach in many circumstances .
his research focused on noam chomsky 's theories of transformational grammar specializing in syntax and deletion phenomena .
hiv-1 sl3 is sufficient by itself to induce heterologous rna into virus - like particles but its deletion does not completely eliminate encapsidation .
meanwhile , she attempts to bring lister home with a device she made with a mining laser and the dna of a dimension - hopping squid ( the hallucination 's explanation for the despair squid ) , which the rest of the crew enters through to get back to earth , which allows rimmer to escape deletion .
the emperor ordered the deletion of this anathema from the church 's catechetical texts , a measure that provoked vehement opposition from both the patriarch and bishops .
in mammals , deletion of the hif-1 genes results in perinatal death .
released both as a conversion kit ( for older 415s ) and as a complete kit , the design featured a three - piece bulkhead for easy maintenance , lowered and shortened upper deck that runs under the belt , and the deletion of the middle decks , all contributing to a lower cg and increased " tweak " resistance .
williams syndrome ( ws or wms ; also williams – beuren syndrome or wbs ) is a rare neurodevelopmental disorder caused by a deletion of about 26 genes from the long arm of chromosome 7 .
it stores linear sequences of characters , with easy insertion , deletion , rearrangement and versioning , but not with links or easy comparison between versions .
vlan trunking protocol ( vtp ) is a cisco proprietary layer 2 messaging protocol that manages the addition , deletion , and renaming of virtual local area networks ( vlan ) on a network - wide basis .
it is a piece of art created over w h mallock 's 1892 novel " a human document " whose title results from the partial deletion of the original title : " a human document . "
( deletion of /a/ in a similar environment is not normal .
only a few changes were made before it opened on broadway , but three would prove significant : the addition of a show - stopping number , " oklahoma ! " , the deletion of the musical number " boys and girls like you and me " , which would soon after be replaced with " people will say we 're in love " , and the decision to re - title the musical after the song .
on 7 may 2007 , the aacs la posted on its website , stating that it had " requested the removal solely of illegal circumvention tools , including encryption keys , from a number of web sites " , and that it had " not requested the removal or deletion of any ... discussion or commentary " .
under investigation for the alleged improper deletion of emails on office computers .
the colour palette was also simplified in 2006 , with the deletion of canary yellow .
