the municipality of coyutla is delimited to the north and to the west by puebla state , to the east by espinal , to the south by chumatlan , and to the south - west by coahuitlan .
the municipality of coxquihui is delimited to the north by chumatlan , to the east by espinal , to the south by zozocolco de hidalgo , to the south - west by puebla state and to the west by mecatlán .
the locality of romakloster was delimited by statistics sweden in 1995 , when part of the previous ( as of 1990 ) locality of roma was broken out , originally with the tentative name of roma kyrkby , and the remaining part was renamed " romakloster " .
the chinese minister , zhou enlai argued that the western border had never been delimited , that the maccartney - macdonald line , which left the aksai chin within chinese borders was the only line ever proposed to a chinese government , and that the aksai chin was already under chinese jurisdiction , and that negotiations should take into account the status quo .
near the madison county line , here delimited by chittenango creek , ny 31 enters the western half of bridgeport and meets the eastern terminus of ny 298 near the banks of the creek .
the municipality of ixhuatlancillo is delimited to the north and north by la perla , to the east by mariano escobedo , to the south by orizaba , río blanco and nogales and to the west by maltrata .
the second segment has yet to be delimited because it is in the spratly islands area in the south china sea where the two countries have overlapping claims over the continental shelf and islands .
to the north and south the main plaza is delimited by large platforms accessible from the plaza via monumental staircases .
a 1952 review of the first two volumes complimented their breadth of research , but lamented ' the scope of the work is seriously delimited , however ' ..
a domain name consists of one or more parts , technically called " labels " , that are conventionally concatenated , and delimited by dots , such as example.com .
horizontal scan lines of video pixel data are delimited in the stream by 4-byte long sav ( start of active video ) and eav ( end of active video ) code sequences .
the area is delimited on the east by mumbai harbour and on the west by the arabian sea .
the municipality of banderilla is delimited to the north and north - east by jilotepec , to the east and the south by xalapa , to the south - east and west by rafael lucio .
malaysia 's continental shelf limit claim is from point a to point c via point b and thence to point g while thailand 's exclusive economic zone claim limit is from point a to point g through points d , e , and f. it has not delimited its continental shelf limits beyond point g.
the robins and guze criteria view the validity of diagnoses as arising from empirical studies demonstrating the following : 1 ) the diagnosis has well - defined clinical correlates , 2 ) the diagnosis can be delimited from other diagnoses , 3 ) the disorder has a characteristic course and outcome , 4 ) the disorder shows evidence of heritability from family and genetic studies , 5 ) data from laboratory studies demonstrate other neurobiologic correlates of the disorder , and 6 ) the disorder shows a characteristic response to treatment .
in united states aviation , a terminal radar service area ( trsa ) is a delimited airspace in which radar and air traffic control services are made available to pilots flying under instrument flight rules or ( optionally ) visual flight rules for the purposes of maintaining aircraft separation .
in metaphysics , material objects are limited by matter and therefore are delimited from each other .
in such cases , often that lane is also specially delimited with pavement markings or other lane separation devices , to keep left - turning traffic on the intersecting road from colliding with traffic proceeding through the intersection on the main road .
the municipality of chiconquiaco is delimited to the north - west by misantla , to the north by yecuatla , to the east by juchique de ferrer , to the south - east by tepetlán , to the south by acatlán and to the west by landero y coss .
the vale is delimited by the dorset downs , a chalk ridge to the south ; cranborne chase , chalk hills to the east ; and the watershed between the stour and yeo valleys to the northwest ( which generally follows close to the borders between north dorset , south somerset and west dorset ) .
alternatively , the conversion may require processing by the use of a special conversion program , or it may involve a complex process of going through intermediary stages , or involving complex " exporting " and " importing " procedures , which may converting to and from a tab - delimited or comma - separated text file .
these sediments are attributed to the koobi fora formation , which consists of eight members that are delimited by water - lain tuffs ( volcanic ash ) .
antonescu was thus put in the face of a simple task for his army : conquer from the encircled and retreating red army troops a precisely delimited area .
it is delimited by ocean avenue and flatbush avenue on the west , eastern parkway on the north , rochester , east new york and utica avenues on the east , as well as by clarkson avenue on the south .
the climate holds well delimited weather seasons , with heavy rain in the summer months and dry climate in the winter , as a typical " altitude tropical system " .
the municipality of ixmatlahuacan is delimited to the north - east by acula , to the east by amatitlán , to the south by cosamaloapan , to the west by tierra blanca and to the north by ignacio de la llave
the baf then replaced the aaa as a member of the iaaf , and moved that all members should be delimited by political boundaries .
eubam ’s chisinau field office area of responsibility is delimited by the nistru river .
the neighbourhood is delimited on the north , north - west and west by chomedey , on the east and north - east by pont - viau and on the south by the rivière des prairies .
it is delimited by the flushing bay to the west , the east river to the north , utopia pkwy and little neck bay ( south of 24th avenue ) on the east , and reeves avenue on the south .
each object is delimited by begin / end structures , and objects to be rendered specify presentation parameters and resource requirements in structures called " environment groups " .
the neighbourhood is delimited by la plata avenue and río de janeiro street to the west , independencia avenue to the south , sánchez de bustamante , sánchez de loria and gallo streets to the east , and córdoba / estado de israel avenues to the north .
the district center of seferihisar , spreading over eight officially delimited quarters , accounts for roughly half of the total district of population estimated as being slightly over forty thousand ( 34.761 in the last census of 2000 ) .
it is delimited by the harlem river on the east and on the north , the hudson river on the west and the 155th street on the south .
the urban area is divided into 36 officially constituted and delimited neighborhoods .
in the 2009 general elections , 499 out of the total 543 parliamentary constituencies were newly delimited constituencies .
the municipality of atlahuilco is delimited to the north by tlilapan , to the north - east by san andrés tenejapan , to the east by tequila , veracruz , to the south - east by los reyes , to the south by xoxocotla , to the west by soledad atzompa and to the north - west by huiloapan de cuauhtémoc .
it is delimited by international governmental boundaries within which differences in control of exploitation , management of habitat , conservation
the sprâncenata commune , delimited on the east by the călmăţui river and west by the olt river , is situated approximately 50 km from the 200 m isohypse line , which marks the geographic limit between the getic plateau to the north and the romanian plain to the south .
often the entire grave is covered by a slab , commonly concrete but can be more expensive materials such as marble or granite , and/or has its boundaries delimited by a fence which may be made of concrete , cast iron or timber .
it is delimited by the line connecting cape savudrija ( " savudrijski rt " ) in the south to the cape madona ( " rt madona " ) in the north and measures around .
the municipality of chontla is delimited to the west by tantoyuca , to the south by ixcatepec and tepetzintla , to the east by citlaltepec and ozuluama .
the dhcp server and client send a vendor class option that contains an ascii - encoded string with three parts delimited by a " / " character .
at the organization level , logics can focus the attention of key decision - makers on a delimited set of issues and solutions ( ocasio , 1997 ) , leading to logic - consistent decisions that reinforce extant organizational identities and strategies ( thornton , 2002 ) .
it is delimited by upper new york bay on the west , bay ridge r.r. yards and long island rail road on the north , 14th street and bay 8th avenue on the east , as well as by lower new york bay on the south .
a realm is commonly appended to a user 's user name and delimited with an ' @ ' sign , resembling an email address domain name .
the municipality of soteapan is delimited to the north by gulf of mexico , to the east by mecayapan , to the south by chinameca and acayucan , to the west by hueyapan de ocampo and catemaco .
netstrings avoid complications that arise in trying to embed arbitrary data in delimited formats .
under the regional themes programs , the ipm crsp addresses geographically delimited interventions .
the municipality of coetzala is delimited by amatlán de los reyes , córdoba , cuichapa , san andrés tenejapan , zongolica , tequila and naranjal .
it is delimited by corbin place , coney island avenue , avenue y , 86th street , avenue u and macdonald avenue , avenue p and kings highway on the north , nostrand avenue and marine park on the east , as well as by the atlantic ocean on the south .
t - norm fuzzy logics are a family of non - classical logics , informally delimited by having a semantics which takes the real unit interval [ 0 , 1 ] for the system of truth values and functions called t - norms for permissible interpretations of conjunction .
the message fields are delimited using the ascii 01 < start of header > character .
the iau subsequently decided that unnamed trans - neptunian objects with an absolute magnitude less than + 1 ( and hence a mathematically delimited minimum diameter of 838 km ) are to be named under the assumption that they are dwarf planets .
action committee in atlanta , georgia , in which capacity he wrote a series of monographs dealing with the poll tax , white primaries , and other restrictions on voting that delimited democracy throughout the south .
he pushed out from moguntiacum , extended the roman territory east of it and enclosed the whole within a systematically delimited and defended frontier with numerous blockhouses along it and larger forts in the rear .
moreover , delimited search professionals shoulder the risk of their own failure to execute the search within a specified time - frame , offering to refund the up - front fees in such an event .
to distinguish from any pairing , then the input becomes delimited .
east of smyrna , ny 80 continues northeast , then curves to the southeast as it approaches the otsego county line , delimited by the chenango river .
most of the urban portion of the city as it exists today lies within the area delimited by bernard - pilon street to the south , the richelieu river to the east , yvon - l'heureux boulevard to the west and quebec autoroute 20 to the north .
udyāna ( sanskrit , meaning " garden " or " orchard " ; chinese pinyin : " wu chang " , also romanized as " woo - chang " ) was a buddhist region in northern india , delimited in part by the indus river and to the south by a region known as soo - ho - to .
in most cases the body of knowledge will concern some delimited field of human interest or endeavour ( for example , hydrogeology , logology , ichthyology , phytosociology , or myrmecology ) , while a " universal " encyclopedia can be referred to as a " compendium of all human knowledge " .
it is delimited by roosevelt avenue to the north , the new york connecting railroad to the west , the horace harding expressway to the south and flushing meadows corona park on the east .
load files are usually ascii text files that have delimited information with the location of images on a cd / dvd or hard drive and coding information extracted from e - discovery or coded manually .
ale files are in ascii format with data fields delimited by commas or tabs .
this basin is part of the intermediate depression and is clearly delimited by the string of chacabuco in the north , the andes mountains in the east , the narrowness of paine in the south and the cordillera de la costa .
for example , an sgml interpreter might be programmed to parse gml markup , wherein the tags are delimited with a left colon and a right full stop , thus , an " : e " prefix denotes an end tag : codice_1 .
the station has four chairlifts ( lowest station at and upper station at ) and of delimited tracks .
white suggests adopting st. francis of assisi as a model to imagine a " democracy " of creation in which all creatures are respected and man 's rule over creation is delimited .
the treaty also delimited anew their zones of prospective moorish conquest : the kings of aragon were to have valencia , leaving murcia to castile .
the district is delimited by east 32nd street , glenwood avenue , nostrand avenue , foster avenue and bedford avenue on the west , clarkson avenue , utica avenue and east new york avenue on the north , east 98th street on the east , as well as by the long island rail road on the south .
according to them , it was king saint ladislaus , who delimited the area of the town to the extent of by his bill .
today , the entire ecuadorian - peruvian border is clearly delimited and demarcated , and the maps of both countries agree on the location of the common frontier .
sandwiched between two atolls , the northern part of south maalhosmadulu forms a clearly delimited , roughly triangular , natural atoll without a distinctive name ( " fasdhūtherē " merely means ' between five islands ' ) .
the stagnone lagoon is a part of mediterranean sea in front of marsala city ( trapani province , autonomous region of sicily ) ; the lagoon is delimited by an island called isola lunga ( formerly stinco di capra ) because of its geographical long form .
the municipality of mecatlán is delimited to the north by coyutla , to the north - east by chumatlan , to the north - west by coahuitlan to the south - east by coxquihui and to the south - west by filomeno mata .
these probes , however , are designed such that a gap delimited by the hybridized ends of the probes remains over the target region .
the municipality of amatlán de los reyes is delimited to the north by córdoba and atoyac , to the east by atoyac and yanga , to the south by cuichapa and to the east by córdoba ,
vt 26 runs for approximately to the new hampshire state line ( delimited by the connecticut river ) , where it continues as new hampshire route 26 in colebrook .
it seems that the closest living relatives of the narrowly - delimited gasterosteiformes are the gunnels ( pholidae ) and eelpouts ( zoarcidae ) , traditionally placed in the massively paraphyletic " perciformes " .
while most or all species presently placed here are probably rather close relatives , the genus as presently delimited is likely to be not monophyletic and is in need of review .
it is delimited by flatbush avenue on the west , atlantic avenue on the north , ralph avenue on the east , as well as by new york avenue , rochester avenue and eastern parkway on the south .
data could be read and stored to disk as either sequential files ( delimited by the cp / m convention of cr / lf at the end of each line ) or else as fixed - record - length random access files , which , given a sufficiently determined programmer , could be used to perform database - type record manipulation .
scriptlet tagging ( called scriptlet elements ) ( delimited ) blocks of code with the markup are not effectively markup and allows any java server relevant api ( e.g. the servers running binaries themselves or database connections api or java mail api ) or more specialist jsp api language code to be embedded in an html or xml page , provided the correct declarations in the jsp file and file extension of the page are used .
while it might be overlumped , as presently delimited about half of the more than 100 species of tetrameridae are placed in it .
it is delimited by the newtown creek and queens borough line on the east , flushing and kent avenue on the south , as well as by the east river on the west .
the solid angle delimited by a circular cone of opening angle ( i.e. apex angle ) " θ " is
the dabbling duck group , of worldwide distribution , was delimited in a 1986 study to include 8 genera and some 50 - 60 living species .
they are delimited by culture , such as country traditions , traditional lifestyle , songs , tales , etc .
shortly thereafter , the little pamir comes to an end , and the conjoined river contracts into a narrow , deep , rapid river , delimited by cliffs and steep hills .
originally tiruchendur constituency , it was delimited to tirunelveli and thoothukudi constituencies during 2009 lok sabha election .
the municipality of altotonga is delimited to the east by misantla , to the south by tenochtitlán , tatatila , las minas , villa aldama and perote to the west by jalacingo and to the north by atzalan and misantla .
it is delimited by the van wyck expressway to the west , hillside avenue to the north , francis lewis boulevard and springfield boulevard to the east and the southern state parkway to the south .
an example of a pipe - delimited standard data format is ledes 1998b.
it is delimited by the kori creek on the northwest , mangrove forest on the west , while prominent land features form its northern and southern limits .
british established administration at district level and jhelum district , which originally was covering large area including pindigheb and territory up to river indus , was delimited later to include tehsils of jhelum , chakwal and pind dadan khan , with district head quarters shifting from pind dadan khan to jhelum .
after the a49 junction the road road becomes delimited and turns to a south westerly route past oakmere and into a limit for the junction with the b5152 that leads north to delamere and delamere forest .
recent dna sequence analyses , however , suggest that the tilapiini as presently delimited are not monophyletic .
無極生有極、有極是太極、太極生兩儀、即陰陽;兩儀生四象 : 即少陰、太陰、少陽、太陽、四象演八卦、八八六十四卦"the limitless ( wuji ) produces the delimited , and this is the absolute ( taiji)the taiji produces two forms , named yin and yangthe two forms produce four phenomena , named lesser yin , great yin ( " taiyin " also means the moon ) , lesser yang , great yang ( " taiyang " also means the sun).the four phenomena act on the eight trigrams ( ba gua ) , eight eights are sixty - four hexagrams . "
the western portion of the border beyond that delimited by the 1995 agreement goes into the western section of the singapore straits while the eastern portion of the border beyond the eastern terminus of the defined border continues into the eastern section of the singapore straits .
the royal tomb is delimited by two double columns that protrude from the upper frieze or cornice adorned with mocárabes .
in 1990 the cook islands signed a treaty with france which delimited the boundary between the cook islands and french polynesia .
the core retail district is further delimited by silbury and avebury boulevards , with civic and office developments outside the boulevards .
in 2002 an international boundary commission delimited the border .
it is delimited a series of faults running in north - south direction .
taipa and coloane were also ceded to portugal , but the border with the mainland was not delimited .
these dates then conventionally delimited the period when most tropical cyclones form in the atlantic basin .
it is delimited in the north by the guéra massif , in the south by highlands 250 kilometers south of the border with central african republic , and in the southwest by the mandara mountains .
in 1879 , after stone organized a petition by suffragists across the state , massachusetts women were given strictly delimited voting rights : a woman who could prove the same qualifications as a male voter was allowed to cast her vote for members of the school board .
the boundary with iran , was first delimited by a british commission in the same year as the durand line was demarcated , separating iran from what was then british india 's baluchistan province .
the municipality of hueyapan de ocampo is delimited to the north by san andrés tuxtla and catemaco , to the south by santiago tuxtla , acayucan and juan rodríguez clara , to the east by soteapan and to the west by isla .
however , delimited so strictly the genus is probably paraphyletic .
the northern plains are delimited in the west by the scandinavian mountains and the mountainous parts of the british isles .
at the end of the 12th century , a series of pacts with the kingdom of castile delimited the zones that the two kingdoms would each attempt to conquer back muslim - ruled territory ( the " reconquista " ) ; to the east , in 1213 , the defeat and death of peter ii of aragon ( " peter the catholic " ) in the battle of muret put an end to the project of consolidating catalan power over provence .
kossinna developed the theory that a regionally delimited ethnicity can be defined by the material culture excavated from a site .
the main part of the village lies in a large valley between 2 small hills and is delimited to the west by the meseş mountains , creaca village to the north , brusturi village to the east , and romita village to the south .
this area is also delimited by portway and childs way .
" the imperial government expects that in the future its full liberty of action will be recognized in the sphere of influence thus delimited and that in particular it will enjoy the right preferentially [ to develop ] its financial and economic policy .
the municipality of isla is delimited to the north by tlacotalpan and santiago tuxtla , to the east by hueyapan de ocampo and juan rodríguez clara , to the south by playa vicente and to the west by josé azueta .
the municipality of atoyac is delimited to the north by tepatlaxco , to the east by paso del macho , to the south - east by cuitláhuac , to the south by yanga , to the west by amatlán de los reyes
the municipality of ayahualulco is delimited to the north by perote , to the north - east by xico , to the east by ixhuacán de los reyes and to the south by puebla
in some cases corsica is a delimited part of the species range .
the theatre of war was roughly delimited by the baltic sea in the west and moscow in the east , a distance of 1,200 kilometers , and saint petersburg in the north and the black sea in the south , a distance of more than 1,600 kilometers .
this variable contains a semicolon - delimited list of directories in which the command interpreter will search for executable files .
to the west , it is delimited by the vigny stream ; to the south , by the pontoise stream and the oise river .
its production has very rigorous rules and its delimited region is in the subdivision of the municipalities of nelas , mangualde , celorico da beira , tondela , gouveia , penalva do castelo , fornos de algodres , carregal do sal , etc .
so as an alternative , moves may also be disambiguated by giving the starting position or the location of a capture , delimited with parentheses or a slash , as bxn / qb6 , or r(qr3)-q3 .
" city " is the area west of the bahnhofstrasse , delimited by the sihl and the " schanzengraben " , i.e. the moat of the 17th century ramparts .
niue has signed a treaty with the united states in which the parties delimited the east – west maritime boundary between niue and american samoa .
it is delimited by the districts of lisbon and santarém on the north , the district of évora on the east , the district of beja on the south and the atlantic ocean on the west .
each data region is delimited by a finder pattern , and this is surrounded on all four sides by a quiet zone border ( margin ) .
the borough is traversed and partly delimited by quebec autoroutes 15 ( décarie aut . ) and 20 ( ville - marie aut . ) ; autoroute 10 ( bonaventure aut . ) also passes through it .
after the annexation of lithuania into the soviet union in 1940 , a new eastern boundary of lithuania ( lithuanian ssr ) was delimited .
sheep " , for example , has the same meaning as the french word " mouton " , but not the same value , for " mouton " can also be used to mean the meal lamb , whereas " sheep " can not , because it has been delimited by " mutton " .
" the site of the temple is delimited by the augurs and fixed with a solemn declaration ( " quibusdam conceptis verbis " from varro lingua latina vii 8) .
at the same time , it transcends the forms by which it becomes delimited and remains untouched by their constraints .
( if it is delimited by slashes , as in all of the examples here , then the leading codice_48 may be omitted for brevity .
the following , for example , will write all blank delimited " words " in a string .
the municipality of tehuipango is delimited to the north by astacinga , mixtla de altamirano and zongolica and to the south by puebla state .
the rock formation is delimited by a composite of sedimentary rock from the touril volcanic complex and magmatic rocks of the facho - pico alto volcanic complex .
of these , more than eight million have been delimited by funai ( national foundation of the indian ) , ensuring security and preservation of that space .
evaluation of delimited continuations will be supported in version 2.8 .
this group was later renamed " rosidae " and has been variously delimited by different authors .
the municipality of atzacan is delimited to the north by chocaman , to the east by iztaczoquitlán , to the south by orizaba , to the south - west by mariano escobedo , to the west by la perla , to the north - west by coscomatepec de bravo
the treaty established a delimited area of land for the tribes ( a reserve ) , promised annual payments and/or provisions from the queen to the tribes and promised continued hunting and trapping rights on the " tract surrendered " .
class b airspace is delimited by a heavy cyan border .
it is delimited by the east river on the east , 96th street on the south , fifth avenue and mount morris park on the west , as well as by the harlem river on the north .
how exactly the two lineages would be delimited and which one would retain the name is subject of ongoing research .
the fortresses were once the capital of the kondavidu province that was delimited between the south of the krishna river and the gundlakamma river and located to the west of guntur town .
within this larger and notional zone of alsancak , aside from the officially instituted and delimited quarter ( " mahalle " ) of alsancak proper , the five neighboring quarters of umurbey , kültür , mimar sinan , i̇smet kaptan and akdeniz are found along the shore , and the whole is generally referred to as being part of the same complex .
" with a delimited search , the computer waits for the user to type a pattern and delimit it , after which it is the user who waits while the computer does the search .
it is delimited by westchester creek to the east , the sheridan expressway to the west , the cross bronx expressway and east tremont avenue to the north and the bronx river and the east river to the south .
the municipality of tlaquilpa is delimited to the north by xoxocotla and atlahuilco , to the east by los reyes , to the south by astacinga and to the west by puebla state .
the transition between the lower and the upper register is delimited all around the basilica by passageways which largely substituted the former galleries .
centre city san diego is delimited by san diego bay to the west and southwest , bankers hill , middletown , and balboa park to the north , sherman heights and golden hill to the east , and barrio logan and logan heights to the southeast .
sainte dorothée is delimited west by laval - sur - le - lac , north - west by laval - ouest , north - east by fabreville , east by chomedey and south by the rivière des prairies and îles laval .
it is delimited by sarcee trail to the west ; glenmore reservoir and glenmore trail to the south ; bow river and deerfoot trail to the east ; and bow river and 32 avenue to the north .
unlike regular continuations , delimited continuations return a value , and thus may be reused and composed .
databases must contain fixed length records , but some utilities handle variable length , delimited field records .
the area designated by unesco as the world natural heritage site incorporates 434 km² with 775 islets , of which the core zone is delimited by 69 points : đầu gỗ island on the west , ba hầm lake on the south and cống tây island on the east .
laval - ouest is delimited north and north - west by the rivière des mille - îles , south - west by laval - sur - le - lac , east by fabreville and south by sainte - dorothée .
delimited boundary .
the enki craters formed across the sharp boundary between areas of bright terrain and dark terrain , delimited by a thin trough running diagonally across the center of this image .
it is delimited by the bronx river on the east , westchester avenue , east 167th street , and east 169th street on the north , prospect avenue and east 149th street to the west , and the east river on the south .
the first international phylogenetic nomenclature meeting ( 2004 ) states : “ modification of the upper fourth premolar ( p4 ) and lower first molar ( m1 ) as carnassial teeth has been considered a synapomorphy for carnivorans , here we follow a recent convention employing the name carnivoramorpha for that clade and restricting the meaning of the widely known name carnivora to the smaller crown clade delimited by the extant species regarded as carnivorans .
firefox also permits the " homepage " to be a list of urls delimited with vertical bars ( | ) , which are automatically opened in separate tabs , rather than a single page .
it is delimited by the east river on the east , the brooklyn bridge on the south , pearl street , baxter street , canal street , bowery and fourth avenue on the west , as well as by the 14th street on the north .
in 1965 jordan and saudi arabia concluded a bilateral agreement that realigned and delimited the boundary .
within its delimited area , kutch bustard sanctuary reportedly has three species of the bustards namely , the great indian bustards ( endangered ) ( local name : ghorad ) , the lesser floricans ( endangered ) " ( sypheotides indica ) " and the houbara bustards ( vulnerable ) .
due to their widespread use , comma- and tab - delimited text files can be opened by several kinds of applications , including most spreadsheet programs , and statistical analysis tools such as pspp , without the user designating which delimiter has been used .
the municipality of tequila is delimited to the north by san andrés tenejapan , magdalena and ixtaczoquitlán to the east by omealca , to the south by zongolica and los reyes and to the west by atlahuilco .
ufgau ( old high german " ufgowe " ) was a historical county ( " gowe " ) of the frankish duchy of swabia , along the oos river and the lower murg , delimited to the south by the counties of albgau and ortenau .
vimont is delimited north - west by sainte - rose , north - east by auteuil , east by duvernay , south - west by chomedey and south - east by pont - viau .
within subsection laevistomata it is in stirps triplex , due to its delimited ( with a distinct restricting edge ) or irregularly - torn peristome .
fabreville is delimited north - west by the rivière des mille - îles , north - east by sainte - rose , south - east by chomedey , south by sainte - dorothée and west by laval - ouest .
the municipality of jalcomulco is delimited to the north by emiliano zapata , to the east by apazapan , to the south and south - west by tlaltetela , and to the north - west by coatepec .
a transaction is a logical unit of processing delimited by begintransaction and committransaction , or rollback , operations .
hex 's messages are often delimited by the sequence + + + , which recalls the escape sequence in the hayes command set , a standard used in dial - up modems .
if wujūd could not become delimited , it would be limited by its own nondelimitation .
its southern and southeastern boundaries are surrounded by the fraser river and the interior plateau while its far northwestern edge is delimited by the kelsall and tatshenshini rivers at the north end of the alaska panhandle , beyond which are the saint elias mountains , and by champagne pass in the yukon territory .
each sarcomere is delimited by two very dark colored bands called z - discs or z - lines ( from the german " zwischen " meaning between ) .
the municipality of ixcatepec is delimited to the north and north - east by chontla , to the west by tantoyuca , to the south by chicontepec de tejeda and to the south - east by tepetzintla .
to the east it bordered with the lands of chernigov ( on both sides of the dneper and sozh rivers ) , while to the south - east it was delimited by the river snov .
in a comma - separated values ( csv ) file the data items are delimited using commas .
on october 20 , 1904 , a peace treaty between chile and bolivia delimited the boundary through 96 specified points between cerro zapaleri and cerro chipe .
, it is delimited in the north by the department of landes , in the west by the bay of biscay , in the south by the southern basque country and in the east by béarn ( although in the bearnese village of esquiule basque is spoken ) , which is the eastern part of the department .
quick_help " splits string delimited by < d > in a vector "
the estate is located in the commune of margaux on the left bank of the garonne estuary in the médoc region , in the département of gironde , and the wine is delimited to the aoc of margaux .
it is delimited by east river on the west and the north , by kent and classon avenues on the east , as well as by atlantic avenue , pacific street , 4th avenue , warren and court streets on the south .
python supports heredocs delimited by single or double quotes repeated three times ( i.e. codice_18 or codice_19 ) .
the principal subject fits in a circle delimited by the tail of the horse and the tip of the cloak .
the gulf of taranto is almost square , 140 km long and wide , and is delimited by the capes " santa maria di leuca " ( east , apulia ) and " colonna " ( the ancient " cape lacinium " , west , in calabria ) .
the municipality of acajete is delimited to the north by tlacolulan and las vigas de ramírez to the east by rafael lucio , to the south by tlalnelhuayocan and to the west by perote .
the native handling of chevron delimited mark - up such as sgml , xml , html or users bespoke ml , together with its own powerful macro and scripting languages coupled with the number of standard technologies such as perl , xpath , unicode available from within the application , make it a favourite ( and sometimes a passion ! ) of solution developers all over the world facing complex publishing challenges .
in that case , the sample median is usually defined as the midpoint of the interval delimited by the 3rd and 4th order statistics .
near the rochester city line , delimited by the erie canal , which turns south here to bypass downtown , ny 31 encounters ny 390 at an interchange immediately north of the route 's larger interchange with interstate 490 .
it is delimited by ocean avenue and flatbush avenue on the west , eastern parkway on the north , rochester , east new york and utica avenues on the east , as well as by clarkson avenue on the south .
the malaysian border then extends southwards until " point 17 " where it then goes northeasterly till it meets the southern terminus of the indonesia - malaysia border delimited by the indonesia - malaysia continental shelf boundary agreement of 1969 and the indonesia - malaysia territorial waters agreement of 1971 .
class e airspace that begins at agl is delimited by a broad , shaded cyan border .
words is a standard file on all unix and unix - like operating systems , and is simply a newline delimited list of dictionary words .
different spans of time on the time scale are usually delimited by major geological or paleontological events , such as mass extinctions .
the municipality of tezonapa is delimited to the north by omealca and to the east and south by puebla state .
micro - environments means a delimited convergence of very localize landscape and climate conditions that are in stark contrast to the larger vegetative climatic environmental zone . "
only a portion of the border is delimited through agreements .
the oribatida as delimited here are probably paraphyletic with regards to the astigmata , and would have to be split into two .
it is the part of the medieval town on the right side of the limmat , separated by the " hirschengraben " from the " hochschulen " quarter to the east , and delimited by the bellevue and central squares to the south and north , respectively .
these 69 nationalities lived in 45 nationally delimited territories , including 16 union - level republics ( ssr ) for the major nationalities , 23 autonomous regions ( 18 assr and 5 autonomous oblasts ) for other nationalities within russian sfsr , and 6 autonomous regions within other union - level republics ( one in uzbek ssr , one in azerbaijan ssr , one in tajik ssr , and three in georgian ssr ) .
ascii delimited text .
essentially a lowland bird , its range is delimited by the subarctic regions in the north , and by the mountain ranges in the west and south .
no firm consensus has been reached on the curlew sandpiper 's phylogenetic status ( i.e. , what its closest relatives are ) and hence " erolia " can not be exactly delimited at present .
delimited search .
the geological structure of sitakunda , long and wide , is one of the westernmost structures of chittagong and chittagong hill tracts , delimited by the feni river in the north , the karnaphuli river in the south , the halda river in the east and the sandwip channel in the west .
it is delimited by bronx park to the east and north , webster avenue to the west , and crotona park north and the cross bronx expressway to the south .
the municipality of cosoleacaque is delimited to the north by coatzacoalcos and pajapan , to the south by minatitlán , to the east by ixhuatlán del sureste and nanchital and to the west by chinameca .
grapes for franciacorta are grown in strictly delimited vineyards in the communes , adro , capriolo , cazzago san martino , cellatica , coccaglio , cologne , corte franca , erbusco , gussago , iseo , monticelli brusati , ome , paderno franciacorta , paratico , passirano , provaglio d'iseo , rodengo saiano , rovato and brescia , with soil conditions described as mineral - rich , granular - sized , calcareous gravel and sandy morainal soils that cover a limestone bedrock .
it is interesting to note that nuño álvarez disappears from court in 1047 , around the same time , perhaps both returned to the peace of their delimited frontier zones , for fortún was still ruling viguera .
vile paints the markup information on top of the buffer contents using in regions delimited by line and column numbers .
there are exceptions , as certain " variable word length " machines of the 1950s and 1960s , notably the ibm 1401 and the honeywell " liberator " series , could manipulate numbers bound only by available storage , with an extra bit that delimited the value .
the municipality of tancoco is delimited to the north by tamalín and naranjos amatlán , to the east by tamiahua , to the south by cerro azul and tepetzintla , to the west by chontla .
the municipality of tlacojalpan is delimited to the north by cosamaloapan , to the east by tuxtilla , to the south by oaxaca state and to the west by otatitlán .
this is the area which was within the so - called near of philip ii , with which the monarch delimited the perimeter of the real site emerged around the monasterio .
class e airspace that begins at agl is delimited by a broad , shaded magenta border .
the municipality of acula is delimited to the east by the tlacotalpan , to the south by the amatitlán , to the west by the ignacio de la llave , and to the north by alvarado .
the delimited real system is convicted with help of the iem method in an abstract model .
each area is delimited by geographical features such as headlands , seaports or estuaries .
successively the area of operations needs to be delimited , the most suitable procedure to solve the problem and , finally , to control the effectiveness of the measure itself over a period of time .
it is delimited to the west by the øygarden and sotra fjords and to the east by fjords including those of radøy , holsnøy , herdla and askøy .
in 1902 - 03 , maud delimited an imaginary line from lake chew bahir to the northern point of lake turkana , which became known as the " maud line " .
the northern plains are delimited in the west by the scandinavian mountains and the mountainous parts of the british isles .
paul 's counter - reformation views are well shown by his order that a central area of rome , around the " porticus octaviae " , be delimited , creating the famous roman ghetto , the very constricted area in which the city 's jews were forced to live .
it is delimited by east river on the west and the north , by kent and classon avenues on the east , as well as by atlantic avenue , pacific street , 4th avenue , warren and court streets on the south .
it is delimited by flatbush avenue on the west , atlantic avenue on the north , ralph avenue on the east , as well as by new york avenue , rochester avenue and eastern parkway on the south .
the municipality of saltabarranca is delimited to the north by lerdo de tejada to the east by angel r. cabada , to the south and west by tlacotalpan ..
string constants are delimited by double quotes .
pieces are positioned at the intersection of the lines and not inside the areas delimited by them .
this hash code consists of an sha-1 hash followed by a tth hash delimited by a point .
the parsing word codice_63 ( dot - quote ) reads a double - quote delimited string and appends code to the current definition so that the parsed string will be displayed on execution .
after the napoleonic wars , europe was confronted with the new " nationalities question , " leading to ceaseless reconfigurations of the european map , on which the frontiers between the states had been delimited during the 1648 peace of westphalia .
the board 's district is delimited by the east river on both west and north , by the brooklyn - queens expressway on the east , and by northern boulevard , the long island rail road and bridge plaza north on the south .
as delimited here , the genus is suspected to be paraphyletic .
when it is a delimited zone bordering at least one of the partners , the term neutral zone applies .
" u " wo n't even have to know whether the description are delimited or not ;
the region is delimited by mountains in the north and west , by the swedish border to the east and by viken and skagerrak to the south .
it is a tab - delimited text format based on the general feature format ( gff ) , but contains some additional conventions specific to gene information .
the boundary between volcan olca and cerro de patalani is delimited by the treaty of 1904 .
transparency in organizations is delimited by ethics and the value of truth ( if the value of truth can be verified and in which degree of objectivity ) .
the rcmb is a well - equipped yacht club , with its own delimited area situated very close to its rival royal barcelona yacht club ( reial club nàutic de barcelona ) , which is deemed to be more elitistic .
the beirut souks are located in beirut central district , they are delimited by mir majid arslan avenue to the north , weygand street to the south , patriarch howayek to the west and allenby street to the east .
" the site of the temple is delimited by the augurs and fixed with a solemn declaration ( " quibusdam conceptis verbis " from varro lingua latina vii 8) .
the municipality of pajapan is delimited to the north by mecayapan to the east by gulf of mexico and coatzacoalcos , to the south by chinameca and cosoleacaqueto the west by mecayapan state .
the municipality of coatzintla is delimited to the north by tihuatlán and poza rica , to the east by papantla , to the west by puebla state and to the south - west by coyutla .
maffay developed from schlager to rock and has a large but delimited fan base - he is seldom played on the radio .
it ends in the east with la rambla , and in the west and south , the neighborhood is delimited by ronda sant antoni , ronda sant pau and avinguda del paral·lel .
østmarka is delimited to the west by populated areas of oslo , to the north of communities of skårer ,
professional journalism is delimited in france by the " press card " , which is awarded by a commission representing journalist unions and press organizations .
