these , however , did not have the complication of any dependence with religious authorities geographically outside mainland china .
abuse and dependence .
it has been widely acknowledged that uncertainty in sensory domains results in an increased dependence of multisensory integration ( alais & burr , 2004 ) .
these coherent scattering features include added diffraction ( responsible for bend contours in curved foils ) , more electron penetration ( which gives rise to electron channeling patterns in scanning electron images of crystal surfaces ) , and lattice fringe contrast ( which results in a dependence of lattice fringe intensity on beam orientation which is linked to specimen thickness ) .
that is , they differed from the elite only in the extent of their property , not in their dependence on the land or the way they tried to live .
correlations can also suggest possible causal , or mechanistic relationships ; however statistical dependence is not sufficient to demonstrate the presence of such a relationship .
dependence on imports from argentina started facing difficulties in 2004 .
the second equation has no dependence on the vertical component of the center of mass , and thus if a solution exists for one formula_12 , the same solution works for all formula_15 .
in 1980 the world health organization classified qat as a drug of abuse that can produce mild to moderate psychological dependence .
however , there are some pharmacological differences in that baclofen appears to have reduced abuse and dependence potential .
in 1835 the town was inhabited again , this time in an independent mexico ; the town was a dependence of the municipio of buenavista .
the de broglie hypothesis was confirmed experimentally at bell labs in 1927 when clinton davisson and lester germer fired low - energy electrons at a crystalline nickel target and observed that the angular dependence of the intensity of backscattered electrons showed diffraction patterns .
ellen white 's defenders argue the nature of the literary dependence must be taken in the context of what was accepted at the time .
ecologists have been unable to successfully explain regular population cycles for many decades delayed density dependence may hold the answer .
however the underlying issues , such as substance dependence or abuse , is difficult to treat in the emergency room .
this concept differs distinctly from " dependence " in that an interdependent relationship implies that all participants are emotionally , economically , ecologically and or morally " interdependent . "
the therapy has a fixed time limit ( about a year and a half ) , in order to avoid constructing a relationship of dependence between the client and the therapist .
attended by more than 200 of the world 's leading climate change experts , the conference focused on ways to reduce dependence on fossil fuels .
a score of 20 or more is suggestive of alcohol dependence .
pageplus is primarily written in c++ using visual studio 2008 , with a heavy dependence on the microsoft mfc framework .
now the lack of dependence of " p"("a " | " n " = " n " ) upon " λ " entails that the last sum displayed above is a power series in " λ " and " p"("a " | " n " = " n " ) is the value of its " n"th derivative at " λ " = 0 , i.e. ,
in 1969 following morocco 's official recognition of mauritania , the government pursued a more radical political agenda to reduce its economic dependence on france .
its purpose was to reduce carbon dioxide , sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxide , and particulate emissions in the area , as well as to reduce lithuania 's dependence on foreign energy sources .
this refers to the " positional " dependence of the electromagnetic field in the near - field , or fresnel region of the source .
other post - war changes include the move away from a dependence on farming .
the justification for not doing so is that the use of ' stochastics ' would degrade the performance in cases when a change in today 's values are genuinely meaningful , and that variability in performance due to the dependence on data from only one day should not affect the overall average performance of the prediction .
they found that genetic heritability , personal choice , and environmental factors are comparably involved in the etiology and course of all of these disorders , providing evidence that drug ( including alcohol ) dependence is a chronic medical illness .
after the destruction of the physical line that blocked the passage through the isthmus , the city continued to grow with a strong dependence on gibraltar , covering all sorts of services to the british colony ( supply of food , meat , fruit , vegetables , and recreational fun , physical space for housing nearby and a labor force in the service of an expanding empire , etc . ) .
jay walljasper of utne reader claims the book is " a clear - headed approach to reducing or even eliminating our dependence on cars , divorce your car ! [ is ] full of common sense and fresh insight . "
this can be contrasted sharply with the strong and extensive dependence that anglo - saxon poetry has upon metaphor , particularly that afforded by the use of kennings .
the use of drugs ( legal or illegal ) , when it persists despite significant problems related to the use , may be defined as a mental disorder termed substance dependence or substance abuse ( a broader category than drug abuse ) .
recent construction in the surrounding region , the downtown , and adjacent kernville neighborhood — including a new regional technology complex that will house a division of northrop grumman , among other tenants — signal the increasing dependence of johnstown 's economy on the u.s. government 's defense budget .
adverse effects of flunitrazepam include dependence , both physical and psychological ; reduced sleep quality resulting in somnolence ; and overdose , resulting in excessive sedation , impairment of balance and speech , respiratory depression or coma and possibly death .
it also resented the economic dependence of the mining sector on chilean and british capital and hoped to attract united states investment .
it is a residual category , with dependence taking precedence when applicable .
in the striatum , a region of the brain involved in drug dependence , the production of endogenous enkephalins was restored under thc , whereas it diminished in rats stressed from birth which had not received thc .
excessive drowsiness and with longer term use drug dependence are the most common side effects of prazepam .
pliny mentions that in 80 bc , a senatorial decree halted all mining on the italian peninsula , stopping any tin mining activity in tuscany and increasing roman dependence on tin from brittany , iberia , and cornwall .
his main limitation is his emotional dependence on the viper .
however , for the next million years , " h. ergaster " is still very much an animal , following its instinct , but then , they are shown harnessing fire and beginning to break - away from their direct dependence on their environment .
an empirical cfe equation , on the other hand , simply attempts to represent the actual experimental form of the dependence of current " i " on voltage " v " .
the american bar association " affirms the principle that dependence on alcohol or other drugs is a disease . "
this is known as a tolerance and physical dependence .
in so doing , laos has opened the door to rapprochement with thailand and china at some expense to its special dependence on vietnam .
if the dependence is nonlinear , the model is specifically called a " nonlinear moving average " ( nma ) , " nonlinear autoregressive " ( nar ) , or " nonlinear autoregressive moving average " ( narma ) model .
early digital systems may have suffered from a number of signal degradations related to the use of analog anti - aliasing filters , e.g. , time dispersion , nonlinear distortion , temperature dependence of filters etc .
since the dependence is usually rather smooth its neglect ( i.e. , the assumption that the transition dipole surface is independent of nuclear coordinates , called the " condon approximation " ) is often allowed .
due to the dependence on the length of ' x ' in the trapezoidal rule , the area estimation is highly dependent on the blood / plasma sampling schedule .
this dependence is hardwired , drastically improving calculation times .
the country 's political heritage and dependence on western markets have led to close ties with the european union and its member states , particularly the united kingdom and france , which exercises sovereignty over neighboring reunion island .
following the agreement the subsidised shipping link with montevideo ended , a passenger and cargo ship service to the mainland ( that would ameliorate any dependence on argentina ) was promised by the british but never provided .
heavy dependence on petroleum revenue continues , but industry and agriculture now account for a larger share of economic activity .
the eia reports the united states " dependence on net petroleum imports " as 58.2% .
turning to the second objective , showing the higher pole moves still higher in frequency , it is necessary to look at the output side of the circuit , which contributes a second factor to the overall gain , and additional frequency dependence .
several songs made reference to drugs , but smith explained that he used the theme of drugs as a vehicle for conveying dependence rather than the songs being about drugs specifically .
some politicians , including john tory and dalton mcguinty , supported the option of local trash incineration as it would reduce dependence on landfill space .
based on this model , villagers would sort all disputes amongst themselves amicably with least dependence on the government .
if there are nodes in the energy gap as in the " d " symmetry hts , electron pair can more easily be broken , the superfluid density should have a stronger temperature dependence , and the penetration depth is expected to increase as a power of t at low temperatures .
this exhibit leads visitors through the eons from the big bang to the present day , aiming to challenge their perceptions about the present , future , and human effects and dependence on earth .
wills states , “ if he [ jefferson ] meant to signal dependence on locke in his declaration , he chose an odd way of doing it when he omitted the central concept of locke in its most expected place . ” – by substituting “
some researchers imply that there are similarities between physical addiction to various chemicals , such as alcohol and heroin , and psychological dependence to activities such as compulsive gambling , sex , work , running , shopping , or eating disorders .
u.s. energy policy incentives can serve as a strategic manner to develop certain industries that plan to reduce america ’s dependence on foreign petroleum products and create jobs and industries that boost the national economy .
drug & alcohol dependence 2004;76:261–71 .
additionally , from the outset the students are challenged to work together to create an environment that encourages mutual help and dependence .
a geophysicist at utrecht university has urged similar institutions to hold the vanguard in voluntary mitigation , suggesting the use of communications technologies such as videoconferencing to reduce their dependence on long - haul flights .
also in 2005 , sweden garnered international attention by announcing its intention to break its dependence on foreign oil within 15 years , with the goal of becoming the world 's first oil - free economy .
analysis of the time dependence of this semileptonic decay showed the phenomenon of oscillation , and allowed the extraction of the mass splitting between the and .
on may 2 of 2007 , the sun ( baltimore ) daily newspaper ran a profile on michael mccrary 's " wrecked knees " and admitted drug dependence on a blizzard of strong medications — percocet , percodan , oxycontin , oxycodone , three psychiatric medications , fentanyl patch and methadone — for chronic pain and depression .
maggie and arthur 's relationship was presented with a fascinating complexity - maggie 's cruel attacks on and emotional manipulation of arthur disguised her deep dependence on and need of him , and arthur 's dutiful love of maggie was constantly in conflict with his guilty frustration at the huge limitations for his own life which looking after his mother entailed .
psychological dependence is also possible when the drug is taken for its tranquilizing effects .
the consequent blockade along both the azerbaijani and turkish borders has devastated the economy , because of armenia 's dependence on outside supplies of energy and most raw materials .
the ada reflected a dramatic shift toward the employment of persons with disabilities to enhance the labor force participation of qualified persons with disabilities and in reducing their dependence on government entitlement programs .
in 1962 , one year after the british applied for membership , cyprus asked the european community for an institutionalized arrangement given their heavy dependence on british exports and the prospect of losing the preferential tariff rate .
foregoing dependence on european and north america technology , the bridgestone tire co. , ltd. set its eyes on manufacturing tires based solely on japanese technology .
however , with recent advances in neuroscience , it is clear that dependence is as much a disorder of the brain as any other neurological or psychiatric illness . "
a useful feature of this mirror is the linear dependence of " f " upon device width " w " , a proportionality approximately satisfied even for models more accurate than the shichman - hodges model .
he and his followers maintained that the will of man is determined by the practical judgment of the mind ; that the cause of men 's doing good or evil proceeds from the knowledge which god infuses into them ; and that god does not move the will physically , but only morally , by virtue of its dependence on the judgment of the mind .
presbylasik treatment uses the principles of lasik surgery to create a multifocal corneal surface aimed at reducing near vision spectacle dependence in presbyopic patients .
these headaches can be severe enough to incapacitate some people ; however , humans develop a tolerance to and dependence on nitroglycerin after long - term exposure .
he resents the dependence he has on his wife after he loses his sight .
in supporting the bill , lance cited the bill 's economic benefits for new jersey , the fact that it would not enlarge the national debt , estimates by the energy information administration and congressional budget office suggesting that costs to consumers would be minimal , and its goal of reducing american dependence on foreign oil .
the arrival of the louisville and nashville ( l&n ) railroad in 1857 resulted in a drop in the cost of shipping and also freed the business from dependence on the seasonal riverboat traffic .
methadone has been used to treat opioid dependence for more than 45 years .
when the local street car system went out of business , los angeles became a city built around the automobile , with all the social , health and political problems that this dependence produces .
soon , local craftsmen were trained and the thematic and formal dependence on attic vases overcome .
as a result of a physical dependence which develops due to tolerance a characteristic benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome often occurs after removal of the drug or a reduction in dosage .
therefore , the water vapor tritium is not affected by the surface seawater concentration ; thus , the high tritium concentrations in the vapor were concluded to be a direct consequence of the downward movement of natural tritium from the stratosphere to the troposphere ( therefore , the ocean air showed a dependence on latitudinal change )
current data collection is aimed at studying the development of mental health problems and problems of alcohol / drug abuse and dependence and their pre and post - natal antecedents .
angular dependence of the incident beam is controlled by using a tiltable sample stage .
patients at a high risk for abuse and dependence .
alternatively , we can stick with polynomials and loosen the dependence on " c " , letting " f"("cv " ) = " c'k'f"("v " ) .
this allegation , leveled in 1977 , was never corroborated , and demarest 's reliability was questioned because of his long dependence on alcohol ; the last time sam would meet with his entire family was at his parent 's wedding anniversary in 1926 .
in statistics , correlation and dependence are any of a broad class of statistical relationships between two or more random variables or observed data values .
khan wanted to establish an institute which would reduce the nation 's dependence on foreign expertise and imported technology .
this is a non - linear dependence between plasma concentration and dosage .
douglass understands himself as part of a larger entity and highlights what he calls the " brotherhood and inter - dependence of mankind " ( p549 ) .
as a weighting function , where " ε " is chosen in dependence of the statistical error of measurement of the interpolated points .
furthermore , purcellville 's traditional dependence upon agriculture as its primary source of income has diminished as more and more residents are employed outside of the community .
dnmt1 inhibitors in animals have been shown to increase the expression of both reelin and gad67 , and both dnmt inhibitors and hdac inhibitors shown in one study to activate both genes with comparable dose- and time - dependence .
the dependence of net thermal efficiency on the electricity infrastructure tends to be an unnecessary complication for consumers and is not applicable to hydroelectric power , so performance of heat pumps is usually expressed as the ratio of heating output or heat removal to electricity input .
the group also lobbies politicians to take action to reducing united states petroleum dependence .
however , the latter years of the joseon dynasty were marked by excessive dependence on china for external affairs and isolation from the outside world .
jun kondo derived the third term of the logarithmic dependence .
emff provides the foremost advantage of reduced dependence on consumables .
also , studies indicate that the proportion of men with alcohol dependence is higher than the proportion of women , 7% and 2.5% respectively , although women are more vulnerable to long - term consequences of alcoholism .
the imperial japanese navy was anxious to end its dependence on foreign powers for modern warships .
he also gradually changed the government into tyranny , seeing no other way of turning men from the fear of god , but to bring them into a constant dependence on his power ...
these norms and seminorms are often denoted simply formula_7 and formula_8 or also formula_9 and formula_10 in order to stress the dependence on the domain of " f " .
this sensitive dependence on initial conditions came to be known as the butterfly effect .
her surgery may have contributed to his alcoholism and his dependence on various combinations of amphetamines and barbiturates often prescribed by dr. max ( feelgood ) jacobson .
american dependence on oil imports has grown from 35% in 1973 ( the first year reliable data were collected ) to 60% by the end of 2006 .
on the other hand , the mere presence of even profound physical dependence does not necessarily denote addiction , e.g. , in a patient using large doses of opioids to control chronic pain under medical supervision .
one of the aims of the mela is to infuse the spirit of self - dependence in the country . ”
this includes careful analysis of the dependence of galaxy evolution on environment .
her chronic illness may also have had psychological causes rooted in an " hysterical personality " compounded by migraine headaches and her dependence on opium .
papal historian john pollard argues that the encyclical 's prohibition on usury contributed to the dependence of the holy see upon jewish bankers like james de rothschild .
presbylasik treatment uses the principles of lasik surgery to create a multifocal corneal surface aimed at reducing near vision spectacle dependence in presbyopic patients .
the fear of foreign dependence was later proven when france banned arms export to israel .
this image may or may not be entirely consistent with his close dependence upon his mother , with whom he lives for much of the strip 's run .
the idea behind the drug is that since often even a single cigarette can deliver enough nicotine to the brain to reinstate the addiction , blocking the entry of nicotine into the brain might prevent this renewed dependence .
the structural distribution of capabilities then limits cooperation among states through fears of relative gains made by other states , and the possibility of dependence on other states .
in the present constitution , the article forbids the government to " establish religious sects or churches , subsidize them , hinder their activities , or maintain relationships of dependence or alliance with them or their representatives , without prejudice to collaboration in the public interest in the manner set forth by law " .
economically , fernand braudel ( 1984 , p. 413 ) , claims that argentina exchanged spanish masters for a new dependence on british capital as the end of spanish rule was followed by heavy investment by the city of london , in 1824 - 1825 .
the topics include the biological , medical , epidemiological , social , psychological , and legal aspects of alcohol and drug use , abuse , and dependence .
speed signalling requires a far greater range of signal aspects than route signalling , but less dependence is placed on drivers ' route knowledge .
the working people 's and the crowning achievement for today 's fight should be and shall be a new greece based on work , freedom , and liberated from any foreign imperialist dependence , with a truly pan - popular culture . "
according to the government of laos , " the project is an essential part of the country 's development framework and the project 's implementation is likely to be the first real possibility for ( laos ) to reduce gradually its dependence on official development assistance . "
poverty and inequality are persistent in brazil , largely as a result the legacy of portuguese colonialism and its dependence on slave labor .
he is known for his work on the velocity dependence of the electromagnetic mass .
these smaller vultures can not rip through the tougher hides of these larger animals with the efficiency of the larger condor , and their interactions are often an example of mutual dependence between species .
however , the price for this comfortable commercial situation was dependence on knorr - bremse and the abandonment of its actual core business : building aero - engines .
in the 1950s east colfax was rezoned b4 , and the planners encouraged separation of uses and dependence on the automobile .
afterward the relationship between eric and the town improved , because of eric 's financial dependence on göttingen .
chitosan derived from chitin induce a plant 's natural defense response against pathogens , diseases and insects including cyst nematodes , both are approved as an biopesticide by the epa to reduce the dependence on toxic pesticides .
in the economic field , the policy of mobilizing local resources to replace by degrees the massive foreign aid furnished by the u.s. and the u.s.s.r. continues in accordance with afghan determination to avoid undue dependence on external help .
the rites of passage from dependence to autonomy , ” " school review " 79 , no .
the couple continuously tries to come up with a fuel substitute to break america 's dependence on foreign oil .
channel 's increasing dependence on the it market made it a highly seasonal airline , with pronounced peaks and troughs in activity and aircraft utilisation .
they were under the protection of comares , and following the re - conquest in 1487 , their dependence on this town continued .
dynamical system modeled as a mathematical formalization has fixed " rule " which describes the time dependence of a point 's position in its ambient space .
a second way of characterising long- and short - range dependence is in terms of the properties of sums of consecutive values and , in particular , how the properties change as the number of terms in the summation increases .
widowed in 2003 , margaret legum 's latter days were spent in south africa , where she campaigned tirelessly for a system of economic organisation that would reduce developing nations ' dependence on world markets , writing , " i am outraged at our [ south african ] appalling poverty in the midst of unbelievable wealth and potential of plenty for everyone .
since there is only a weak dependence of the denominator on temperature , this equation shows that saturation water vapor pressure changes approximately exponentially with t. therefore , when temperature increases in the atmosphere due to greenhouse gases the absolute humidity should go up , assuming a constant relative humidity .
yet side effects for marijuana are : enhanced cancer risk , decrease in testosterone levels and lower sperm counts for men , increase in testosterone levels for women and increased risk of infertility , diminished or extinguished sexual pleasure , psychological dependence requiring more of the drug to get the same effect , sleepiness , difficulty keeping track of time , impaired or reduced short - term memory , reduced ability to perform tasks requiring concentration and coordination ,
wang yue and jiang yi - jian , “ crystal orientation dependence of piezoelectric properties in linbo3 and litao3 , ” optical materials , 2003 . 23 ( 1 - 2 ) : pg .
by observing the dependence of conductivity upon dilution , he could determine the transfer velocities of the ions ( charged atoms or molecules ) in solution .
it was suggestedthat there is a weak dependence on film thickness , provided that thermal conductivity is mainly limited by dislocations in the membrane structure rather than phonon - boundary scattering effects .
concerns about rising gasoline prices and energy dependence have led to a resurgence of interest in e85 fuel ; for example , nebraska mandated the use of e85 in state vehicles whenever possible in may 2005 .
in securing their economic dependence , members of the settlement also gave ample time to creative crafts , theater , and other intellectual pursuits .
in psychology , reward dependence ( rd ) is a personality trait .
in fact , australia , with its extreme dependence on exports , particularly primary products such as wool and wheat , is thought to have been one of the hardest - hit countries in the western world along with canada and germany .
high risk groups include people with a history of alcohol or drug abuse or dependence , emotionally unstable patients , people with severe personality disorders ( such as borderline personality disorder ) .
the stride energy function contains a hydrogen - bond term containing a lennard - jones - like 8 - 6 distance - dependent potential and two angular dependence factors reflecting the planarity of the optimized hydrogen bond geometry .
there is no topick so common in the mouths of the russian ministers , as to insist on the facility with which the empress , when mistress of the baltic , either by conquest , influence , or alliance with the other two northern powers , could keep england in a state of dependence for its baltic commerce and naval stores ” .
the organism has also been identified as a model for nicotine dependence as it has been found to exhibit behavioral responses to nicotine that parallel those observed in mammals , including acute response , tolerance , withdrawal , and sensitization .
in 1476 , akhmat suggested to ivan iii that he should recognize russia 's vassal dependence from the horde .
" i believe in less dependence on begging and more power in bargaining ; in the life abundant and enough honest wealth to help make it so - for others as well as myself ; in less need for charity and more of it when needed ; in being happy myself and playing square with those whose happiness depends upon me . "
zaleplon , unlike many other hypnotic drugs , does not interfere with sleep architecture and can be administered for up to 5 weeks without the risk of dependence or rebound insomnia upon discontinuation .
the adoption of the swiss constitution ended arbon 's dependence on the bishops of constance .
this became an important technique in the field , and vernov flew his radiosondes on land and sea over the next few years , measuring the radiation 's latitude dependence caused by the earth 's magnetic field .
in 924 , serbia wanted to loosen dependence from bulgaria , so the bulgarians ravaged wars onto serbia .
for example , in 1962 the supreme court banned the teacher - led recitation of the invocation , " almighty god , we acknowledge our dependence upon thee , and we beg thy blessings upon us , our parents , our teachers and our country .
a dominant nonlinear response , however , can be derived from the hysteresis - type dependence of the material 's magnetic permeability on the magnetic component of the incident electromagnetic wave ( light ) propagating through the material .
this space - dependence is called a normal mode ' " .
a lack of space for a race 's growth would lead to its decay through degenerate population control methods and dependence upon other nations ' imports .
the world council of anxiety does not recommend benzodiazepines for the long term treatment of anxiety due to a range of problems associated with long term use of benzodiazepines including tolerance , psychomotor impairment , cognitive and memory impairments , physical dependence and a benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome upon discontinuation of benzodiazepines .
in their review of the literature , mclaren and mattick indicate that young people are at greater risk of developing cannabis dependency because of the association between early initiation into substance use and subsequent problems such as dependence , and the risks associated with using cannabis at a developmentally vulnerable age .
other than the pacific coast league , which under its president pants rowland tried to become a third major league in the western states , the other leagues maintained autonomy in name , with total dependence upon the american and national league in economic and political fact .
debate on opening " three links " with mainland china was also ongoing , with the security risk of economic dependence on mainland china being the biggest barrier .
the theory of asymmetric dependence , from fodor , who says that his theory “ distinguishes merely informational relations on the basis of their higher - order relations to each other : informational relations depend upon representational relations , but not vice versa .
the government pension fund of norway is part of several efforts to hedge against dependence on petroleum revenue .
the crux of saiving 's argument in this article is that the focus on pride characteristic of traditional christian interpretations of sin reflects male experience in a way that is inappropriate to the experience of most , if not all , women , who are much more likely to be prone to " triviality , distractibility , and diffuseness ; lack of an organizing center or focus ; dependence on others for one 's self - definition ; tolerance at the expense of standards of excellence ... in short , underdevelopment or negation of the self . "
benefits of oil dependence .
the ottomans turned to germany to protect them from the western powers , but the result was increasing financial and military dependence on germany .
at low millimolar caffeine concentrations , the receptor opens in a quantal way , but has complicated behavior in terms of repeated use of caffeine or dependence on cytosolic or luminal calcium concentrations .
partly in view of the country 's economic and military dependence on the soviet union — as the most convenient peg on which to hang a revolution introduced through a military coup that had supplanted a western - oriented parliamentary democracy .
in most cases , due to the discrete nature of the transport events and their strong dependence on the local structural and architectural properties of the media , it can not be described by continuum approaches that are routinely used to describe macroscale transport .
physical symptoms of withdrawal usually fade after 4–10 days but cravings and psychological dependence may continue for longer .
meanwhile , the country was increasingly becoming dependence on imported food .
chaotic : next change in the dynamics has a deterministic dependence upon the current state of the dynamics .
the rationale behind the theory is that gibbs - boltzmann entropy leads to systems that have a strong dependence on initial conditions .
marxist feminism states that private property , which gives rise to economic inequality , dependence , political confusion and ultimately unhealthy social relations between men and women , is the root of women 's oppression in the current social context .
nowadays the dependence of the working classes is secured in a less direct but equally efficacious manner , viz . by means of the superior power of capital
the project members refer to this dependence on their own product as " eating their own dogfood " , which they have been doing since the early days of the project .
output dependence .
the most common substance of abuse / dependence in patients presenting for treatment is alcohol . "
the rats are preparing to abandon their lifestyle of dependence on humans , which some rats regard as theft , for a new , independent farming colony .
since there may also be voltage dependence in other factors in a fowler - nordheim - type equation , in particular in the notional emission area " a"r and in the local work - function , it is not necessarily expected that " κ " for cfe from a metal of local work - function 4.5 ev should have the value " κ " = 1.23 , but there is certainly no reason to expect that it will have the original fowler - nordheim value " κ " = 2 .
in " the meaning of meaning : a study of the influence of language upon thought and of the science of symbolism " , richards and odgen work out the triadic theory of semiotics which , in its dependence on psychological theories , prefigures the importance of psychology in richards independently authored literary criticism .
however , long - range dependence implies nothing about its short - term correlations which affect performance in small buffers [ 4 ] .
a series of economic booms and busts led to serious depletion of green turtle populations , and villagers were confronted with rising social tensions and an increased dependence on a scarce resource
the government hopes to attract new investment in the tourism , natural gas , and service sectors to diversify its economy and reduce its dependence on oil and agriculture .
they lead to progressive loss of strength , high dependence and decreased life span .
note that these neuronal responses followed weber 's law , as has been demonstrated for other sensory dimensions , and consistent with the ratio dependence observed for non - human animals ' and infants ' numerical behavior .
characteristics of this transformation include a greater dependence on the bison for food , a heavier reliance on the horse for transportation , and the adoption of the tipi for habitation , a dwelling more suited to the frequent movements of a nomadic people than their earlier semi - permanent lodges .
interference is recognised by characteristic dependence of color on the angle of view , as seen in eyespots of some butterfly wings , although the chemical components remain the same .
current stumbling blocks are confinement to water as the reaction medium , substrate specificity , dependence on the stoichiometric use and costs of cofactors such as nadph and the costs associated with bvmo 's themselves because lengthy purification steps are required .
since the swedish name for this court " regeringsrätten " includes the word for government , " regering " , its naming could be taken to imply a dependence on the government which does not exist .
studies quickly showed that persistence ( persevering , ambitious vs. easily discouraged , underachieving ) was a fourth independently - inherited temperament dimension with specific brain circuitry , rather than a facet of reward dependence .
his demands were certainly large— the concession of a block of territory 200 miles long by 150 wide between the danube and the gulf of venice ( to be held probably on some terms of nominal dependence on the empire ) and the title of commander - in - chief of the imperial army — but , great as these terms were , the emperor would probably have been well advised to grant them .
gpx4 differs from the other gpx family members in terms of its monomeric structure , a less restricted dependence on glutathione as reducing substrate , and the ability to reduce lipid - hydroperoxides inside biological membranes .
as a result , allosteric enzymes display a sigmoidal dependence on the concentration of their substrates , allowing them to greatly vary catalytic output in response to small changes in effector concentration .
other factors contributing the decline of the towns population include the rise of the railroad which led to less dependence on river for transportation of goods and people .
the time dependence of this algorithm on " k " is exponential .
during allison 's work at the alabama polytechnic institute ( which became auburn university ) , starting in 1930 , he developed a method that he believed measured the time dependence of the faraday effect .
she has served as an advisor or board member to many organizations , including acme ( action coalition for media education ) , the media education foundation , the national council on alcoholism and drug dependence , neda ( the national eating disorders association ) , and the national sexual violence resource center .
sutherland supported home rule for the territory , and wanted to break alaska 's dependence on shipping companies based out of the west coast .
in 1901 , he discovered the ionization of molecules by ion impact and the dependence of the mean free path on electrons ( in gases ) of the energy ( and his independent studies concerning the collisions between atoms and low - energy electrons in the 1920s would later be called the ramsauer - townsend effect ) .
this process would end openoffice.org 's dependence on non - free software .
in turn , this external dependence produced an outward orientation focused on ‘ guarding the gate’ : colonies collected most of their revenues from taxes on imports and exports , controlled entry and exit visas , distributed foreign aid , decided who could move currency in or out , and issued licenses that determined who could engage in business activities ( " ibid " .
the frequency dependence of this phenomenon becomes apparent when one considers the increasing wavelength over which such rigidity can be observed .
baker 's definition , probably because of its heavy dependence on chomskian theory , has not been accepted as a general definition of polysynthesis .
this solves the heat equation in the special case that the dependence of " u " has the special form ( 4 ) .
lambrakis remains in the hearts of the greek people as a national symbol of democracy , representing the struggle against political repression , royal court scandal , and international dependence .
tobacco - free herbal cigarettes will not produce nicotine dependence ; however , inhaled smoke of any kind is dangerous .
use of benzodiazepines and similar benzodiazepine - like drugs such as eszopiclone may lead to physical and psychological dependence .
equivalently to formula_41 , formula_1 has long - range dependence if the spectral density function of autocorrelation function , formula_45 , has the form of formula_46 as formula_47 where formula_48 , formula_49 is slowly varying at 0 .
dependence of the zenith or elevation angle of the satellite .
this move created greater stability in the company , which could gradually reduce its dependence on construction operations .
pressure dependence .
the link between physical dependence and addiction is partly psychological and sociological , and thus varies from person to person ( and culture to culture ) , as has been documented in the work of alfred lindesmith , an indiana university professor of sociology , and others .
in lemmings , food supply and predation are the most important factors that lead to delayed density dependence .
thereafter , the boussinesq approximation is applied to the remaining flow equations , in order to eliminate the dependence on the vertical coordinate .
although the us government receives income overall from seigniorage , there are costs associated with maintaining the money supply .. ecological economist , herman daly , claims that " over 95% of our [ broad ] money supply [ in the united states ] is created by the private banking system ( demand deposits ) and bears interest as a condition of its existence , " a conclusion drawn from the federal reserve 's ultimate dependence on increased activity in fractional reserve lending when it exercises open market operations ; economist eric miller criticizes daly 's logic because money is created in the banking system in response to demand for the money , which justifies cost .
the british medical journal quoted charles medawar , head of : " this drug has been promoted for years as safe and easy to discontinue ... the fact that it can cause intolerable withdrawal symptoms of the kind that could lead to dependence is enormously important to patients , doctors , investors , and the company .
datong is indeed however an emerging economy , as the city seeks to loosen its dependence on coal , introduce more environmentally friendly and efficient methods of extraction and move into other areas of business services .
some writers give in fact drug addiction the same meaning as substance dependence , others for example provides drug addiction a narrower meaning which excludes drugs without evidence of tolerance or withdrawal symptoms .
his slavish dependence upon his sources is made clear by the change in tone and style between the eunapian and olympiodoran sections , and by the muddled gap left in between them .
this development thus reduced holyrood 's dependence on any single economic development .
on keith 's recommendation , franklin goes to london for printing supplies , but when he arrives , he finds that keith has not written the promised letter of recommendation for him , and that " no one who knew him had the smallest dependence on him . "
the mitrailleuse 's dependence on manual loading meant that its firing rate depended greatly on the skill of its operators .
" conley stands for ending illegal immigration , protecting american workers , bringing our troops home from iraq , increasing veterans ' benefits , reducing our dependence on foreign oil , ending wall street bailouts , repealing the patriot act , cutting spending , and fidelity to the constitution . "
potential global dependence of the human race on a limited number of global food corporations is discussed , as is the increased risk of ecological disasters — such as the irish potato famine ( 1845–1849 ) — resulting from the reduction of biological diversity due to the promotion of corporate - sponsored monoculture farming .
the final communique of the conference underscored the need for developing countries to loosen their economic dependence on the leading industrialized nations by providing technical assistance to one another through the exchange of experts and technical assistance for developmental projects , as well as the exchange of technological know - how and the establishment of regional training and research institutes .
as later became apparent , however , while people were moved in their hundreds of thousands to live in the new territories , the major centres of employment and of leisure activities remained in the urban areas , leading to an even greater dependence on the railway to support a rapidly increasing daily commuter flow .
following the 1974 oil shock , kreisky committed austria to developing nuclear power to reduce dependence on oil , although this policy was eventually abandoned after a referendum held in 1978 .
" the consciousness of dependence on god , with the striving toward him in order to be united and become one with him , and thereby to acknowledge his unity and effect its realization , is the " yiḥud , " " the conscious union with god , " which is the final aim of the world .
where the functions formula_6 express the dependence of formula_7 on the concentrations of other substances present in the cell .
the form formula_45 is used to keep the dependence on " a " explicit , as will be important for a number of uses of the formula .
lobby introduced modern methods of commentary , dispensing with the dependence on maps and grids published in the radio times to assist the listener .
the global optimization of minimizing the energy along with the power law dependence between formula_2 and formula_4 gives us a power law distribution in probability .
a guard of 5000 negro slaves was set up to avoid total dependence on arab troops , the necessity of which measure was proven by the revolts of arab soldiers in 802 , 805 and 810 .
davis was troubled by osteoarthritis ( which led to a hip replacement operation in 1976 , the first of several ) , sickle - cell anemia , depression , bursitis , ulcers , and a renewed dependence on alcohol and drugs ( primarily cocaine ) , and his performances were routinely panned by critics throughout late 1974 and early 1975 .
dependence of confidence with noise , signal and sample size ( tabular form )
all are on edge about their personal lives , relationships , and especially their long dependence upon and affection for each other .
while accepting the dependence on the book of elchasai , headlam sees no antagonism to st. paul , and declares that the writer is quite ignorant of judaism .
alcohol is also cross tolerant with benzodiazepines and more toxic and thus caution is needed to avoid replacing one dependence with another .
if the two zeros of " ƒ " are at " r " + " ε " and " r " − ε taking the small " ε " limit while rescaling " r " to remove the ε dependence gives the nariai solution .
problems associated with oil supply include volatile oil prices , increasing world and domestic petroleum product demand , dependence on unstable imported foreign oil , falling domestic production ( peak oil ) , and declining infrastructure , like the alaska pipeline and oil refineries .
the time dependence of the error is included by assuming that the amplitude of error formula_19 is a function of time .
suppose the dependence between the variables " w " and " z " is implicitly defined by an equation of the form
edc was established in 1976 , to wean the country from its dependence on imported fuels by developing renewable sources of energy .
it includes also a dependence on deductive logic as a basis for practical conclusions and actions .
alliesthesia ( ( alliós ) - changed , and ( aísthēsis ) - sensation , perception ; " french " : " alliesthésie " , " german " : " alliästhesie " ) describes the dependence of the perception of pleasure or disgust perceived when consuming a stimulus on the " milieu intérieur " of the organism .
the belief that the baptism was accomplished through the czechs in order to avoid the dependence on germany and the german church is incorrect , because bohemia had not have its own church organization until 973 .
