however , similar to the stabilizability condition above , if a state can not be observed it might still be detectable .
early asymmetries are detectable by measuring the polarization of the emitted light .
acyclovir and penciclovir are used , although the shortening of duration of healing , pain and detectable virus is , at maximum , one day .
the small subset of patients without detectable molecular evidence of bcr - abl fusion may be better classified as having an undifferentiated myeloproliferative disorder , as their clinical course tends to be different from patients with cml .
the most readily detectable planets through radial velocity measurements have high mass and close orbits .
in the same study , psilocin was not detectable with the analytical methods used ( chromatographic separation and uv spectroscopy ) , and was estimated to be present at less than 1% of the psilocybin content .
in theories that presume that light travels at a fixed speed relative to an unmodifiable and detectable luminiferous aether , a preferred frame would be a frame in which this aether would be stationary .
the probes need to be labelled either with radioactive isotopes ( 32p ) or with chemiluminescence in which alkaline phosphatase or horseradish peroxidase breakdown chemiluminescent substrates producing a detectable emission of light .
moreover , satprem and his followers believe there is evidence in the recorded audiotapes that the mother did not actually die but rather entered a " cataleptic trance " or state of suspended animation in which there would not even be a detectable heartbeat .
such complex auditory goals ( which often link -- though not always -- to internal vocal gestures ) are detectable from the speech sound which they create .
brilliant red fiesta ( and indeed the red glazes produced by all u.s. potteries of the era ) is known for having a detectable amount of uranium oxide in its glaze , which produced the orange - red color .
as ngc 7318b collides with gas in the group , a huge shock wave bigger than the milky way spreads throughout the medium between the galaxies , heating some of the gas to temperatures of millions of degrees where they emit x - rays detectable with the nasa chandra x - ray observatory .
the sunspot cycle variation of 0.1% has small but detectable effects on the earth 's climate .
the enzyme catalyzes a reaction of a substrate which generates light ( detectable in a luminometer ) .
chlorine is detectable in concentrations of as low as 0.2 ppm .
in some narrow - leaved species , for example " e. oleosa " , the seedling leaves after the second leaf pair are often clustered in a detectable spiral arrangement about a five - sided stem .
resolution required a power cycle , fault was non - detectable in software other than no connectivity .
however , patients younger than 6 months of age may have very low to non - detectable ige levels .
failure is not detectable by inspection , very severe and the occurrence is almost sure .
morphine can be stored in fat , and thus can be detectable even after death .
however , after the 1977 bucharest earthquake ( which did no detectable damage to the museum building ) , the romanian government created the museum of art collections , consolidating many of the city 's smaller museums ( and a good number of expropriated private collections ) .
sounds whose place of articulation is inside the mouth or throat are not detectable , such as glottal consonants .
hervé morin , france 's minister of defence , said that they " face an extremely simple technological problem , which is that these submarines are not detectable " .
and the cxcr4 virus that was detectable in the blood of the patient before the treatment " could eventually emerge " .
these variations are much smaller than those seen with stellar companions and are only detectable with extremely accurate observations .
radicidation is a specific case of food irradiation where the dose of ionizing radiation applied to the food is sufficient to reduce the number of viable specific non - spore - forming pathogenic bacteria to such a level that none are detectable when the treated food is examined by any recognized method .
besides it is detectable in the character of the laws themselves as in the cases of the ones emanated by servius tullius , numa pompilius and even romulus , as he reigned together with titus tatius .
a minimum detectable object is the smallest object the sensor can detect .
charms usually have small bonuses and are not detectable by the enemy ; they are only empowered items and trinkets .
the small difference between survey and international feet would not be detectable on a survey of a small parcel , but becomes significant for mapping , or when a state plane coordinate system is used , because the origin of the system may be hundreds of miles from the point of interest .
the motion of the shadow was supersonic and it generated gravity waves that were detectable as disturbances in the ionosphere .
a line of maitai terrane rocks are assumed to pass north - south through the centre of the auckland region , separating the murihiku terrane and waipapa composite terrane , and produce a detectable junction magnetic anomaly ( jma ) , but do not outcrop .
desflurane , along with enflurane and to a lesser extent isoflurane , has been shown to react with the carbon dioxide absorbent in anesthesia circuits to produce detectable levels of carbon monoxide through degradation of the anesthetic agent .
however , empirical results of detectable tropospheric changes have strengthened the evidence for solar forcing of climate change .
" the concern in the industry today is what if , just what if there is a way to synthesise diamonds that are non - detectable from natural diamonds ?
the cluster is easily detectable with the naked eye , close to the " stinger " of scorpius .
dry ice blasting can be used to clean food processing equipment to effectively decontaminate surfaces of salmonella enteritidis , e. coli , and listeria monocytogenes such that these microorganisms are not detectable using conventional microbiological methods .
repeated exposure to ammonia lowers the sensitivity to the smell of the gas : normally the odour is detectable at concentrations of less than 50 ppm , but desensitised individuals may not detect it even at concentrations of 100 ppm . anhydrous ammonia corrodes copper- and zinc - containing alloys , and so brass fittings should not be used for handling the gas .
areas of severe narrowing , stenosis , detectable by angiography , and to a lesser extent " stress testing " have long been the focus of human diagnostic techniques for cardiovascular disease , in general .
for instance , the observation that smokers have a dramatically increased lung cancer rate does not establish that smoking must be a " cause " of that increased cancer rate : maybe there exists a certain genetic defect which both causes cancer and a yearning for nicotine ; or even perhaps nicotine craving is a symptom of very early - stage lung cancer which is not otherwise detectable .
moreover he also found the object did not even change its position relative to the fixed stars over several months as all planets did in their periodic orbital motions , even the outer planets for which no daily parallax was detectable .
however , in severe cases , vcd is detectable outside of episode by observing persistent swelling of the vocal folds and indications of irritation .
firstly , in the form of time - since - fire studies , which , it has been argued , do not show detectable changes in the fire cycle that can be associated with fire suppression .
however , in its original format , only one snp allele could be interrogated per reaction sample and it required a large amount of target dna to generate a detectable signal in a reasonable time frame ( olivier 2005 ) .
according to an industry group , the use of chlorine dioxide in these processes has reduced the dioxin generation to under detectable levels .
ciliation of the early juveniles is detectable all over the body .
irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs or spastic colon ) is a functional bowel disorder characterized by chronic abdominal pain , discomfort , bloating , and alteration of bowel habits in the absence of any detectable organic cause .
the alvaro de bazan class frigates are the first modern vessels of the spanish navy to incorporate ballistic resistant steel in the hull , along with the power plants being mounted on anti - vibration mounts , reducing the noise and making them less detectable by submarines .
in the trials described above , the only common predictor of svr among all three was the treatment of hcv other than type 1.6 - 8 in the trial by chung " et al . " , patient characteristics that predicted an svr were treatment with peginterferon and ribavirin , absence of prior drug abuse , a detectable level of hiv-1 rna , and a karnofsky score of 100 .
given the intense lightning activity at jupiter , the schumann resonances should be easily detectable with a sensor suitably positioned within the planetary - ionospheric cavity .
in particular , when the trucks were turned on the current flowing through the coils went from zero to some maximum , producing a large and easily detectable flux .
this quick discharging of the capacitor creates a large “ spike ” ( or pulse ) on the powerline that is easily detectable by receiving upb devices wired large distances away on the same powerline .
optical excitation is required to bring the n - v0 defect into the epr - detectable excited state ; the signals from the ground state are presumably too broad for epr detection .
in rats , the ld50 is ≥2300 mg / kg , and doses of 500 mg / kg / day over 2 years caused no detectable differences in survival rate , growth , or incidence of tumors .
for contact sensory system , only targets within reach of contact appendages are detectable .
for perfectally brittle materials , yield strength and ultimate strength are the same , because they do not experience detectable plastic deformation .
have been shown to produce increased amounts of mucopolysaccharides and collagen and increased skin thickness without detectable inflammation , as monitored by skin biopsies
2 ) an actual smell or detectable aroma , present at the time of death and for some time thereafter .
an isolated black hole , however , would not have an accretion disk and would only be detectable by gravitational lensing .
it is generally presumed that much naturally occurring genetic variation in human populations is phenotypically neutral , i.e. has little or no detectable effect on the physiology of the individual ( although there may be fractional differences in fitness defined over evolutionary time frames ) .
in this episode , spectrum launches a ground search for captain black after he becomes detectable on long - range geiger counters .
italian physicist enrico fermi suggested in the 1950s that if technologically advanced civilizations are common in the universe , then they should be detectable in one way or another .
in space this presents no difficulties , because the neodolphins can operate in an ' air environment ' , but when " streaker " is on the ground they must either use extensive artificial gravity and other highly detectable technologies to maintain a microgravity environment inside the ship , or else they must flood the ship with water for the convenience of the majority neodelphine crew , leaving the humans and neochimp largely confined to a handful of compartments , or else forced to make use of breathing apparatus .
these differences are often detectable only at the molecular level ; however , they may result in changes to the physiology or lifecycle of the bacterium .
moreover , the fluke eggs are detectable in faeces 8–12 weeks post - infection .
it is well suited to the role because it emits readily detectable 140 kev gamma rays , and its half - life is 6.01 hours ( meaning that about 94% of it decays to technetium-99 in 24 hours ) .
while bacteriorhodopsin , halorhodopsin , and channelrhodopsin all have significant sequence homology to one another , they have no detectable sequence identity to g - protein coupled receptor ( gpcr ) family where rhodopsins belong .
the experiment was designed to measure the minimum number of photons detectable by the human eye , therefore various controls were implemented to ensure that this is was the case .
intentional burial , particularly with grave goods may be one of the earliest detectable forms of religious practice since , as philip lieberman suggests , it may signify a " concern for the dead that transcends daily life . "
this means the x - rays needed to be close to the soviet union , especially during the critical few minutes of the booster phase , in order for the soviet missiles to be both detectable to radar and targeted by the lasers themselves .
only one - third of white americans have detectable african dna ( averaging 2.3 percent ) from ancestors who passed through the endogamous color line from black to white .
the reasons why the lombards disappear , as such , from roman history from 166–489 could be that they dwelt so deep into inner germania that they were only detectable when they appeared on the danubian banks again , or that the lombards were also subjected into a bigger tribal union , most probably the saxons .
at the beginning a clear greek influence is detectable .
they are also detectable by special machines that are used in food manufacturing plants to ensure that food is free from foreign objects before it is shipped to the public .
since the earth is in motion , it was expected that the flow of aether across the earth should produce a detectable " aether wind " .
andalusian arabic belongs to early western neo - arabic , which does not allow for any separation between bedouin , urban , or rural dialects , nor does it show any detectable difference between communal dialects , such as muslim , christian and jewish .
evidence has increased that people with diabetes , despite their not having clinically - detectable atherosclotic disease , have more severe debility from atherosclerotic events over time than even non - diabetics that have already suffered atherosclerotic events .
one such phenomenon is a brainwave , which neurophysiology studies , where bioelectromagnetic fluctuations of voltage between parts of the cerebral cortex are detectable with an electroencephalograph .
the results for the carrageenan tests ( including those with divine and bioglide commercial lubricants ) showed no detectable infection , while the viscous control gel and n-9 gels did .
some effect caused by this difference should be detectable .
although the change of brightness caused by the transiting planet is tiny , it is detectable by amateur astronomers , providing an opportunity for amateurs to make important astronomical contributions .
a 1991 study published in the medical journal " aviation , space , and environmental medicine " reported that there were anecdotal concerns about aspartame and the cognitive performance of pilots ; however , its double - blind study found no detectable effect of aspartame on pilot performance .
church strictures expressly forbid " tampering with the genetic destiny " of an individual , except where a detectable defective gene can be replaced with non - infected tissue in vitro .
nevertheless , a small proportion of this population has detectable antibodies against islets of langerhans , and could therefore be regarded as having a form of type 1 diabetes .
fluorine gas has a characteristic pungent odor that is detectable in concentrations as low as 20 ppb .
these divisions are justified by the different human response to this radiation : near infrared is the region closest in wavelength to the radiation detectable by the human eye , mid and far infrared are progressively further from the visible spectrum .
driver behaviour is also detectable at a very small scale , for instance in instinctive responses to certain situations where driver behaviour is played out over five to twenty seconds .
for most people , hiv antibodies reach a detectable level after two to six weeks .
all stones are detectable by ct except very rare stones composed of certain drug residues in the urine .
prior to the localization of grb 970228 , opinions differed as to whether or not grbs would emit detectable radio waves .
the expected number of detectable events in a year is two or three .
at a pre - determined point on the missile 's trajectory , the payload separates from the missile and deploys a parachute to permit splashdown and water entry at a low speed and with minimum detectable noise .
affected children develop red eyes , red mucous membranes in the mouth , red cracked lips , a " strawberry tongue " , iritis , keratic precipitates ( detectable by an ophthalmologist but usually too small to be seen by the unaided eye ) , and swollen lymph nodes .
it may take several months after hiv infection for the antibody response to reach detectable levels , during which time rapid testing for antibodies to hiv will not be indicative of true infection status .
flying into a hurricane ( for other than legitimate research purposes ) would be considered pilot error ; flying into a microburst would not be considered pilot error if it was not detectable by the pilot , or in the time before this hazard was understood .
the introduction of increasingly formalised testing procedures , especially with the creation of the world anti - doping agency in 1999 , made it much more difficult for athletes to get away with using these drugs without detection , which then led to the synthesis of novel and potent anabolic steroid drugs such as tetrahydrogestrinone ( thg ) which were not detectable by the standard tests .
thus a sample of sea water ( vienna standard mean ocean water , or vsmow ) will exhibit a quite detectable isotopic ratio difference when compared to arctic snowfall ( standard light arctic precipitation , or slap ) .
these air waves circled the globe several times and were still detectable using barographs five days later .
complete surgical excision with adequate margins and assessment for the presence of detectable metastatic disease along with short- and long - term followup is standard .
on the other hand , in electron microscopy , line or fringe resolution refers to the minimum separation detectable between adjacent parallel lines ( e.g. between planes of atoms ) , while " point resolution " instead refers to the minimum separation between adjacent points that can be both detected " and interpreted " e.g. as adjacent columns of atoms , for instance .
in vitro studies have demonstrated that newly formed cardiac myocytes express mhc-β , and after prolonged ( 1 - 5 weeks ) contractile activity mhc-α becomes detectable .
re j0317 - 853 is the hottest magnetic wd at 49,250 k , with an exceptionally intense magnetic field of ~340 mg , and implied rotation period of 725.4 s. between 0.1 and 0.4 kev , re j0317 - 853 was detectable by rosat , but not in the higher energy band from 0.4 to 2.4 kev. re j0317 - 853 is associated with a blue star 16 arcsec from lb 9802 ( also a blue wd ) but not physically associated .
the resulting dynamic electric field produces an electromagnetic field of its own , and thus even a titanium hull will be detectable on a mad scope , as will a surface ship for the same reason .
if rechiar did make any effort to convert his people to his faith , it was entirely ephemeral and " bore no detectable fruit " .
x band guns are becoming less common due to the fact the beam is strong and easily detectable .
some influence of nineteenth century philosophy of language may be detectable in the account in " galactic patrol " of the lens of arisia as a universal translator , which is reminiscent of frege 's strong realism about " sinn " , that is , thought or sense .
behavior is that portion of an organism 's interaction with its environment that is characterized by detectable displacement in space through time of some part of the organism and that results in a measurable change in at least one aspect of the environment .
u.s. sprint coach trevor graham had given an anonymous phone call to the united states anti - doping agency ( usada ) in june 2003 accusing a number of athletes being involved in doping with a steroid that was not detectable at the time .
howerever , there is a substantial amount of cases with no detectable cancerous tissue .
the national transportation safety board ( ntsb ) determined that the engine failure was caused by a detectable crack in a compressor disk , on which a maintenance contractor had failed to perform a proper inspection and had kept poor records .
some well - known ferromagnetic materials that exhibit easily detectable magnetic properties ( to form magnets ) are nickel , iron , cobalt , gadolinium and their alloys .
magnetic moment displacement is ostensibly the main disturbance , yet submarines are detectable even when oriented parallel to the earth 's magnetic field , despite construction with non - ferromagnetic hulls .
cryptographers also demand that the keystream be free of even subtle biases that would let attackers " distinguish " a stream from random noise , and free of detectable relationships between keystreams that correspond to " related keys " or related cryptographic nonces .
most of them are detectable in the low tropospheric temperature field as cold troughs in the easterlies .
( the pronunciation really relates to the original chinese , and may now only be distantly detectable in the modern japanese " on'yomi " of the kanji .
according to the victorian pornographer henry spencer ashbee , it is this point that the hand of another author is detectable and the action becomes more explicit : " the castigation of miss bellasis is described at great , perhaps too great length " and the erstwhile maidenly headmistress who " was not by any means a flogging school - mistress " is transformed into " the lascivious lady of verbena house " .
australian standards reserve the " gluten free " label for foods with less than 5 parts per million of gluten , as this is the smallest amount currently detectable .
if she was found to be pregnant with a quick child ( that is , a fetus sufficiently developed to render its movement detectable ) the convict was granted a reprieve of sentence until the next hanging time after her delivery .
critics also cite detectable influences from " cupid 's revenge " on the anonymous tragedy " andromana " ( printed 1660 ) .
in later stages where the incubation period is extended in preparation of a queen birth , symptoms will include a shortness of breath , exhaustion , and hemorrhaging ( detectable through biological scanners and present in nosebleeds or other seemingly random bleeding incidents ) , as well as chest pains inflicted either in lack of chest space due to the chestburster 's presence , or even premature attempts to escape the host .
in addition to reducing infrared and acoustic emissions , a stealth vehicle must avoid radiating any other detectable energy , such as from onboard radars , communications systems , or rf leakage from electronics enclosures .
in that early phase neither leaders nor elite were indicated , and these independent iapydes had no detectable collective political organisation .
the classification of bodies in other planetary systems with the characteristics of dwarf planets has not been addressed , although if they were detectable they would not be considered planets .
plasma cell dyscrasias are produced as a result of malignant proliferation of a monoclonal population of plasma cells that may or may not secrete detectable levels of a monoclonal immunoglobulin or paraprotein commonly referred to as m protein .
before 1998 , the density of h2 was thought to be too low to produce a detectable amount of h3 + .
the symmetric structure of srams also allows for differential signalling , which makes small voltage swings more easily detectable .
in some cases a post - hurricane phytoplankton bloom due to increased nutrient availability may perhaps be detectable .
however , in favorable cases , the minor stereoisomer may not be detectable by the analytic methods used .
bladder cancer characteristically causes blood in the urine ; this may be visible to the naked eye ( gross hematuria ) or detectable only by microscope ( microscopic hematuria ) .
additionally , an operator of a cmv that is found to have ' any detectable amount of bac above 0.0% ' will be put out of service for a minimum of 24 hours .
a germline mutation is any detectable and heritable variation in the lineage of germ cells .
the genome is detectable by reverse transcriptase - poymerase chain reaction in the head , thorax , abdomen and wings of infected bees .
other variants cause no detectable pathology , and are thus considered non - pathological variants .
the odor may be subliminal , not consciously detectable .
while the effects do not brook comparison with those in ' , there are detectable similarities in overall " look " of the space scenes .
moreover gravity is the weakest force , and the " size " of the moving masses is also important : current detection attempts rely on enormous astronomical events such as supernovas or the collision of two neutron stars in order to create waves only detectable on the atomic level , which require enormous laser interferometers to detect .
since detectable antibody responses require approximately one week after infection to develop , serologic testing may be falsely negative early in the disease course .
the macrophages in his bowel , which continued to express wildtype ccr5 ( because they had n't been replaced yet from bone marrow precursors ) , also had no detectable virus .
many specific pathologies are known which result in macrocytic - type anemias , but which produce slightly different sets of appearances , some of which are detectable from red and white cell mophology , and others only from chemical tests on the blood .
so a low frequency signal will , in theory still be detectable even after it has been overwritten hundreds of times by a high frequency signal .
the majority ( 90% ) of cases have not had detectable cytogenetic abnormalities .
some fragrant flowers give off " odor plumes " that move downwind and are detectable by bees more than a kilometer away .
it is created as a byproduct of nandrolone via the 5-alpha reductase enzyme and is on the list of substances prohibited by the world anti - doping agency since it is a detectable metabolite of nandrolone which is an anabolic steroid .
grade 1 - < 50% obstruction , grade 2 - 51 - 70% obstruction , grade 3 - 71 - 99% obstruction , grade 4 - no detectable lumen .
photolysis of the linear carbon doxides in a cryogenic matrix leads to loss of co , resulting in detectable amounts of even - numbered monoxides such as c2o , c4o , and c6o. the members up to " n"=9 have also been obtained by electrical discharge on gasous c3o2 diluted in argon .
radio conversations between the pilots were detectable by base and other aircraft in the area .
these factors include : initial amplification cycles may not be exponential ; pcr amplification eventually plateaus after an uncertain number of cycles ; low initial concentrations of target nucleic acid molecules may not amplify to detectable levels ; and pcr amplification efficiency in a sample of interest may be different from that of reference samples .
hours after dextromethorphan therapy , ( in humans ) the metabolites ( + ) -3-hydroxy - n - methylmorphinan , ( + ) -3-morphinan , and traces of the unchanged drug are detectable in the urine .
as such when limewire is running and configured to allow it , any files shared will be detectable and downloaded on the local network by daap - enabled devices ( e.g. , zune ) , itunes .
when not generated through clinical experimentation , the initial lesion may not appear at all , and instead , a detectable infiltrate similar to that of the early lesion , explained below , appears .
some equines have them on all four fetlocks ; others have few or no detectable ergots .
the thc molecule , and related compounds , are usually detectable in drug tests from 3 days up to 10 days according to redwood laboratories , after using cannabis depending on frequency of use ( see drug test ) .
and about five percent of so - called " black " americans have no detectable " negroid " traits at all , neither craniofacial nor in their dna .
this strain was created by arcamone et al . in 1969 by mutating a strain producing daunorubicin , but not dxr , at least in detectable quantities .
it has an anomalously low metallicity and few detectable giant stars , being apparently composed almost entirely of dwarf stars .
if the foreground lensing star has a planet , then that planet 's own gravitational field can make a detectable contribution to the lensing effect .
large radioactive releases , had they occurred , should have been readily detectable by other means .
charges " in a time - averaged sense " is detectable in synchrotrons .
while biologically they could theoretically fill the same niche as nitrospira , it has recently been found that " nitrobacter " are not present in detectable levels in established aquaria , while " nitrospira " are plentiful . ) commercial products sold as kits to " jump start " the nitrogen cycle , often still contain nitrobacter .
for example , rotating a spin-1/2 particle by 360 degrees does not bring it back to the same quantum state , but to the state with the opposite quantum phase ; this is detectable , in principle , with interference experiments .
selves are not physically detectable .
numerous studies show that only very small traces are detectable in the effluent water that reaches rivers .
case law in the united kingdom and the united states clearly held though the construction and operation of a gas - works was not the creation of a public nuisance " in se " , due to the reputation of gas - works as highly undesirable neighbors , and the noxious pollution known to issue from such , especially in the early days of manufactured gas , gas - works were on extremely short notice from the courts that ( detectable ) contamination outside of their grounds - especially in residential districts - would be severely frowned upon .
over the following five centuries , the differences between jews of different migrations were lost and may only be detectable today by one 's last name .
( at much shorter wavelengths the probability of absorption begins to drop again , which is why x - ray afterglows are still detectable . )
conventional jammers make locating an aircraft more difficult , but their operation is itself detectable ; the french system is hypothesised to interfere with detection without revealing that jamming is in operation .
the abandoned mines underground are inaccessible , though still add complications to many building projects and occasionally cause minor tremors , detectable only by specialized equipment .
the effect of planform alignment is to return a radar signal in a very specific direction away from the radar emitter rather than returning a diffuse signal detectable at many angles .
( 2006 ) , the lowest repeated dose regimen that produced serotonergic effects , detectable after 2 weeks , in squirrel monkeys was 2.4 mg / kg given orally three times in a row ( every 3 hours ) .
it has a scent similar to bananas and apples which is not detectable by all people .
salicylates were detectable in 81.9% of children for whom test results were reported .
lack of detection does not mean that the event was non - nuclear : it is reasonable for a nuclear test with this yield , buried deep enough in the appropriate rock , to not yield remotely detectable radionuclides .
because of this , keeping the probe tip close enough to the sample for short - range forces to become detectable while preventing the tip from sticking to the surface presents a major hurdle for the non - contact dynamic mode in ambient conditions .
space telescopes allowed astronomers to study light emitted beyond the visible spectrum which is not detectable from ground - based observatories ( because only radio waves and visible light penetrate the earth 's atmosphere ) .
although the fraction of autism traceable to a genetic cause may grow to 30–40% as the resolution of array cgh improves , several results in this area have been described incautiously , possibly misleading the public into thinking that a large proportion of autism is caused by cnvs and is detectable via array cgh , or that detecting cnvs is tantamount to a genetic diagnosis .
despite these human characteristics , bender has no detectable soul , as seen in " obsoletely fabulous " when he passes through a ' soul detector ' without an alarm sounding .
thogoto virus can be transmitted from infected to uninfected ticks when co - feeding on uninfected guinea pigs , even though the guinea pigs do not develop detectable viraemia .
arsenic spring , on the other hand , contains no detectable traces of that substance .
the mines equipt with the chemical igniters are still non detectable because no metal was used and even dogs can not smell the explosive because of the glass body .
one study reports simulations that show detectable changes in global climate for very high wind farm usage , on the order of 10% of the world 's land area .
the greatest disadvantage of meg is that , because the magnetic fields generated by neural activity are very weak , the method is only capable of picking up signals from near the surface of the cortex , and even then , only neurons located in the depths of cortical folds ( " sulci " ) have dendrites oriented in a way that gives rise to detectable magnetic fields outside the skull .
indeed , soviet spies john walker and jerry whitworth in the u.s. navy revealed to the russians that their submarines were noisy , and thus , easily detectable .
strains in space due to an incident gravitational wave excite the bar 's resonant frequency and could thus be amplified to detectable levels .
detectable amounts of insulin are abnormal and indicate that hyperinsulinism is likely to be the cause .
second , collisions must be detectable , without revealing the plaintext .
the use of rice in particular has an effect similar to the use of candi sugar in belgian brewing , allowing the brewer to increase the alcohol content of the beer without changing the flavor or mouthfeel of the beer ; the use of corn , on the other hand , gives a detectable flavor of corn that is not always desirable , though sometimes it is specifically sought out ( especially in examples meant to emulate pre - prohibition american beers ) .
ctbt does not recognize the threshold principle and assumes all tests are detectable .
in some cases micrometastases may only be detected by special staining , and if malignancy is only detectable by a rarely - employed test known as the polymerase chain reaction ( pcr ) , the prognosis is better .
according to the report , after mandatory random testing began in 2004 , hgh treatment for athletic enhancement became popular among players , as hgh is not detectable in tests , though the mitchell report was careful to point out that hgh is likely a placebo with no performance enhancing effects .
" it has a sweet odor detectable by most people at a concentration of 1 part per million ( 1 ppm ) .
the first and best known example of this is that spin - orbit interaction causes shifts in an electron 's atomic energy levels ( detectable as a splitting of spectral lines ) , due to electromagnetic interaction between the electron 's spin and the nucleus 's electric field , through which it moves .
although proponents of the ipt claim that the hydrogen was odorized with garlic , it would have been detectable only in the area of a leak .
detectable warnings shall consist of a surface of truncated domes and shall comply with 705 .
ctbt does not recognize the threshold principle and assumes all tests are detectable .
according to some researchers anatolians do not significantly differ from other eastern mediterraneans , indicating that while the ancient asian turks carried out an invasion with cultural significance ( language ) , it is weakly genetically detectable .
even at the thermodynamic limit , there are still small detectable fluctuations in physical quantities , but this has a negligible effect on most sensible properties of a system .
however , very low frequency waves would be impossible to detect and there is no credible source for detectable waves of very high frequency .
the researchers had to use resonance raman spectroscopy in order to be able to get detectable signals from solutions with concentrations as low as 1 mm. in particular they correlated the intensity of the raman bands with the geometry of the complex in the photo - excited state .
however , the astronaut 's hand partially sealed the hole , resulting in no detectable depressurization .
the reference is the minimum detectable signal level at the input of a receiver , which can be calculated through a knowledge of the noise figure and the input signal bandwidth of the receiver or the system .
the protein is extremely stable in the environment ; studies have found 95% of inner city homes , and 82% of all types of homes in the united states have detectable levels in at least one room .
it is possible that some effects on a regional and global scale may be detectable before the end of this century and become significant before the middle of the next century . "
while this ( it is often promised ) results in a less detectable toupée , the wearer can experience discomfort , and sometimes hair loss from frequently retightening of the weave as one 's own hair grows .
resultant analyses have shown that the soil has environmentally safe characteristics as defined by low or non - detectable concentrations of 18 heavy metals and asbestos fibers .
the two resulting gamma rays ( formula_3 ) are detectable .
recombinant epo is a genetically engineered copy of a hormone normally produced in the kidney and was not detectable by any test at the time .
in order to avoid leaving gauze sponges in bodies , some kinds of gauze sponge are woven with x - ray detectable thread .
maffei 2 lies in the zone of avoidance and is heavily obscured by the milky way , so is barely detectable at optical wavelengths .
in this method known as fluorescence photo - oxidation , fluorescent molecules can be utilized to drive the oxidation of diaminobenzidine ( dab ) to create a reaction product that can be rendered electron dense and detectable by electron microscopy .
lo et al . showed that ebv dna was detectable in the plasma samples of 96% of patients with non - keratinizing npc , compared with only 7% in controls [ 9 ] .
their results indicated that cold - pcr could enrich mutation sequences from a mixture of dna by 10 - 100 fold and that mutations with an initial prevalence of 0.1 - 0.5% would be detectable .
trace amounts ( detectable , but not measurable ) of diethylene glycol ( also found in cigarette smoke ) were found in one of the eighteen cartridges .
adipose tissue , but was not detectable in the liver .
koch 's achievements , along with the extraordinary performances of many other east german female athletes , aroused considerable suspicion at the time that they were achieved with the aid of anabolic steroids or other performance - enhancing drugs , which were and remain illegal but were not detectable at the time .
the belief that the " spiral nebulae " were relatively nearby and therefore ought to have a quite detectable rotation was quite widespread in the early 1900s and therefore very hard to ignore .
little can be seen from the station but looking at the wall opposite the platform a small rise in the coping stones is detectable which coincides with the arch of the tunnel .
they do not emit detectable radar , and they are generally fired from a rear visual - aspect , directly toward the engines .
biogenic chemicals are derived from biospheric carbon , which contains 14c. carbon in artificially made chemicals is usually derived from fossil fuels like coal or petroleum , where the 14c originally present has decayed below detectable limits .
this improper use , they said , was leading to " considerable and unacceptable suffering , " and in 17 percent of the cases they observed , there were no detectable lesions of the skull whatsoever .
it is true that december 25 was the roman date for the winter solstice , with the first detectable lengthening of daylight hours , and in his " hymn to king helios " which was written in 362 , the last pagan emperor , julian , records a festival for sol celebrated in late december , but his protestations that this festival was an ancient one do not ring true .
intermittent sound sources ( such as a wrench being dropped ) may also be detectable to passive sonar .
the world meteorological organization explains that “ though there is evidence both for and against the existence of a detectable anthropogenic signal in the tropical cyclone climate record to date , no firm conclusion can be made on this point .
if there is truth to speculation about certain kinds of phase transitions or kink bursts from long cosmic strings in the very early universe ( at cosmic times around formula_1 seconds ) , these could also be detectable .
a solder pad location on the motherboard , present since the original iie , for ( optionally ) making presses of the " shift " keys detectable in software , is now shorted by default so that the feature is always active .
most pain resolves promptly once the painful stimulus is removed and the body has healed , but sometimes pain persists despite removal of the stimulus and apparent healing of the body ; and sometimes pain arises in the absence of any detectable stimulus , damage or pathology .
on march 27 , 2009 , kaminsky discovered that conficker - infected hosts have a detectable signature when scanned remotely .
it is well known that o acetylated at carbon 3 in serogroup a polysaccharide induces higher detectable anti- serogroup a antibodies in human .
the amount of naturally occurring radioactive potassium , present in all humans and clearly not harmful as we 've all got it , is also easily detectable .
acoustic pressure caused population shifts which were visually detectable .
this is the gibbs paradox which states that if the two substances are identical , there will be no entropy change , yet the slightest detectable difference between the two will yield a considerable entropy change , and this is just the entropy of mixing .
proponents of the theory contest that the sensation is readily detectable and distinguishable to test subjects and that therefore , " metallic " should be added as one of the basic types of sensations in the chemical receptor senses .
veeck and colleagues found all of their eight breast cancer cell lines had complete methylation in the sfrp1 promoter region , while no methylation was detectable in non - malignant cell lines .
depending on liver and kidney function , cocaine metabolites are detectable in urine .
cyp2d6 activity was detectable and concordant with genotype by 2 weeks of age , showed no relationship with gestational age , and did not change with post natal age up to 1 year .
since it is hypothesized that in some instances vanishing twins leave no detectable trace at birth or before , it is impossible to say for certain how frequent the phenomenon is .
the great salt lake effect is a small but detectable influence on the local climate and weather around the great salt lake in utah , united states .
thus , the admixture estimate from northeast asia is high in the east , but is barely detectable west of uzbekistan .
through several studies , the th1 and th2 cytokines and cytokine mrna are both detectable in tonsillar hypertrophy and recurrent tonsillitis groups .
the lecionary text is basically byzantine with detectable caesarean influence .
as ngc 7318b collides with gas in the group , a huge shock wave bigger than the milky way spreads throughout the medium between the galaxies , heating some of the gas to temperatures of millions of degrees where they emit x - rays detectable with the nasa chandra x - ray observatory .
however , some babies with acd have associated congenital malformations that are detectable by imaging .
the fact that early asymptomatic coronary disease is readily detectable post mortem and is absent in the mustard oil cohorts tends to add weight to the hypothesis that mustard oil is protective .
while many adult cases in the medical literature are associated with mental disorders , most patients with habit polydipsia have no other detectable disease .
worsley would accept charlie 's tirades with a buster keaton - like implacability , on rare occasions a barely detectable rise of the eyebrow , on still rarer ones a slight smirk .
it should be clear from this calculation that reducing the view field size can make fainter objects more detectable against the airglow ; unfortunately , adaptive optics techniques that reduce the diameter of the view field of an earth - based telescope by an order of magnitude only as yet work in the infrared , where the sky is much brighter .
scientific advancements have made it possible to detect a greater number of chemical substances in smaller concentrations in the body , with some chemicals detectable at levels as low as parts per trillion .
large amounts of incompletely metabolized estrogens and progestagens from pharmaceutical products are excreted into the sewage systems of large cities , and are sometimes detectable in the environment .
the predicted patterns of bottom - up and top - down activity - with former being more complex when expectations are not met - may be detectable , for example by functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) .
as such , virtual particles are also excitations of the underlying fields , but are detectable only as forces but not particles .
the basic structure of the mature follicle has formed and no novel cells are detectable .
autozygous segments and uniparental disomy ( upd ) are diploid/'copy neutral ' genetic findings and therefore are only detectable by snp - based arrays .
only some of the variation is significant ( i.e. , detectable or perceivable ) to speakers .
adrok has achieved proof of principle by conducting a series of experiments in which rocks of different compositions and textures were exposed to pulsed beams of wideband conditioned adr radiation , producing a range of differing energy and frequency responses detectable by suitably conditioned receivers .
on 8 october , israeli prime minister golda meir authorized the assembly of thirteen 20-kiloton nuclear weapons on jericho missiles and f-4s , which were prepared for action against syrian and egyptian targets ; their preparation was made easily detectable , likely as a signal to the united states .
and the paints used included a mix of iron oxide , blood , animal fat or egg , although traces of these organic materials are no longer detectable .
