it is penetrated visually from every direction , and is visually linked to the " cattedra petri " in the apse behind it and to the four piers containing large statues that are at each diagonal .
she then painted diptych and triptych groupings , and worked with paintings in diagonal and curved forms .
the corrector plate also helps seal the tube assembly from air currents and provides mounting point for the diagonal mirror , eliminating the diffraction effects from a " spider " secondary support .
baudhayana ( c. 8th century bce ) composed the " baudhayana sulba sutra " , the best - known " sulba sutra " , which contains examples of simple pythagorean triples , such as : formula_13 , formula_14 , formula_15 , formula_16 , and formula_17 as well as a statement of the pythagorean theorem for the sides of a square : " the rope which is stretched across the diagonal of a square produces an area double the size of the original square . "
armenian draughts , however , allows diagonal movement , too .
in this frame , at least the moment of inertia tensor is constant ( and diagonal ) , which simplifies calculations .
diagonal is located at ( 40.808819 , -94.341510 ) along the grand river .
on some missions a small wing - like structure housing sensors was fitted to each side of the forward fuselage , with a diagonal brace below it .
microstrip antenna can be driven along a diagonal and produce circular polarization .
the blade should be moved in a slightly diagonal direction so to give every point of the blade a chance to touch the strop , without applying too much pressure .
the squares on either side of the diagonal ( not just adjacent squares ) are filled in with appropriate data to depict the flow between the functions .
it is therefore sometimes called " row diagonal dominance " .
the lad traverses the anterior interventricular sulcus , giving rise to septal and diagonal branches before bifurcating distally and tapering out as whale tails .
there is now another conjecture , expected to hold for " n " ≥ 3 : it is stated in terms of " g " = " sln"("r " ) , γ = " sln"("z " ) , and the subgroup " d " of " g " of diagonal matrices .
a triangular matrix with zero entries on the main diagonal is strictly upper or lower triangular .
appearance : black helmet ; grey short - sleeved shirt ; black diagonal strap and gloves ; grey pants with black belt , holster
this in turn implies that , since each l"k " is lower triangular with non - negative diagonal entries , l is also .
the building occupies a corner lot , with four storefront bays facing brougher avenue and a diagonal entrance at the corner of st. patrick street .
this means that there is a matrix formula_27 such that to each formula_28 there is a diagonal matrix formula_29 with formula_30 .
players start with a single shooting ball of energy that can be charged to fire one powerful shot , but players can also acquire a spiritual flame that can be pointed in straight and diagonal directions and when charged can reach good distances and a spherical power that launches ricocheting spheres around the screen that multiply when fully charged .
for all iteration sequences , the diagonal " a = b " is always the same as for the standard one parameter logistic function .
the diagonal functor δ : " c " → " c'j " assigns to each object of " c " the constant functor at that object ( δ("a " ) = δ"a " ∈ " c'j " ) , and to each morphism " f " : " a " → " b " in " c " the obvious natural transformation in " c'j " ( given by η"j " = " f " ) .
the carapace is dark brown , black towards the margins ; the legs and the roughly cylindrical abdomen are greyish - black , the latter marked dorsally with four depressions and five pale curved bands and laterally with numerous diagonal black lines .
the factorization is unique if we require that the diagonal of " l " ( or " u " ) consist of ones .
this cube is a combination pantriagonal magic cube and diagonal magic cube .
five minutes into the match , d.c. united first - year player chris pontius had the first chance of the evening as he pushed past sounders fc defender leonardo gonzález to receive a diagonal pass from clyde simms .
the most common of them being chevron , checks , straight or diagonal lines , mothra ( a double line containing a simple or running pattern inside ) and so forth .
in reality , the time to cross the main continent is closer to 4 hours , stretching the time to cross the map on a diagonal up to around six .
home jerseys have a white upper portion , with a burgundy lower portion , separated by a diagonal black stripe .
it was strengthened in 1928 . when the upper and lower parts of each rib and some of the diagonal struts above them were encased in concrete .
diagonal roads .
these novels , originally published by fawcett and reprinted by amber quill press include : " death by dressage " , " groomed for death " , " death on the diagonal " , " murder well bred " and " a horse to die for " .
it is one of the few diagonal streets in the grid street layout of chicago .
so , we have a basis where the formula_67th basis vector is the matrix with formula_88 on the formula_67th diagonal entry and zero elsewhere .
the original jerseys from the team 's first season had diagonal text reading " pittsburgh " .
ـِ a similar diagonal line " below " a letter is called a ( كسرة ) and designates a short .
it consisted of a blue shield with six gold fleur de lys and a white bend , or diagonal bar ; the fleur de lys perhaps symbolic of lilium bosniacum , which is a native lily to the area .
this is done by rearranging the rows of the table so that the value " 14 " appears in every cell along the table 's main diagonal .
note that the practical value of trips on the diagonal , e.g. from zone 1 to zone 1 , is zero since no inter - zonal trip occurs .
state road 67 in the u.s. state of indiana cuts a diagonal route from southwest to northeast across the state from the north side of vincennes to indianapolis to the ohio state line , where it becomes state route 29 east of bryant .
the inflation of the body exposes the black and white diagonal bands of the interstitial skin ,
it is a diagonal channel across the road surface that diverts surface water that would otherwise flow down the whole length of the road , gaining velocity , off the road and into a stable drainway .
the 2250s crt measured 21 " diagonal , but the useful display area was 12 inch by 12 inch .
starting from other squares rather than the central column of the first row is possible , but then only the row and column sums will be identical and result in a magic sum , whereas the diagonal sums will differ .
these may be arranged in a simple row along the street , or in parallel or diagonal rows of multiple stops .
she had an all - wood hull , described as " double diagonal honduras mahogany on canadian rock elm " .
a matrix which is simultaneously upper and lower triangular is diagonal .
it is important to note that the off - diagonal elements depend on the diabatic angle and electronic energies only .
liberty 's right hand rested on the top corner of a striped shield with a diagonal banner inscribed with the word " liberty . "
both " uau * " and " ubu * " are diagonal matrices .
•"death on the diagonal " ( 1996 , novel )
a player wins by placing a piece on the board which forms a horizontal , vertical , or diagonal row of four pieces , all of which have a common attribute ( all short , all circular , etc . ) .
the puzzle consists of 8 black square tiles ( changed to red squares with goldish rings in 1997 ) arranged in a 2 × 4 rectangle ; diagonal grooves on the tiles hold wires that connect them , allowing them to be folded onto each other and unfolded again in two perpendicular directions ( assuming that no other connections restrict the movement ) in a manner similar to a jacob 's ladder toy .
a positive answer to büchi 's problem would imply , using the negative answer to hilbert 's tenth problem by yuri matiyasevich , that there is no algorithm to decide whether a system of diagonal quadratic forms with integer coefficients represents an integer tuple .
fouls , such as crossing the diagonal lines on the board with any part of one 's body , or ( pocketing the striker or sending it off the board ) , lead to one of one 's pieces being returned to the board .
the dimensions of the 35 mm image format are 24 mm ( vertically ) × 36 mm ( horizontal ) , giving a diagonal of about 43.3 mm .
both of the diagonal crossings border chicago park district parks that are situated on the resulting triangular land plots .
the line may be horizontal , vertical , or diagonal .
white with 2 broad diagonal black bands , up to 7 inches ( 18 cm ) in length .
each of the straight courses comes with five stations , the diagonal ones have five stations , too , but one is shared .
define a block diagonal matrix
however , there are some speculative sacrifices where the compensation is in the form of an open file or diagonal or a weakness in the opponent 's pawn structure , and it is not even clear how this might potentially be turned into something more tangible .
the final fourth design was kept the same emblem from the third design , but did not have the diagonal stripes .
from the 17th century st andrew was shown on a diagonal cross , but caravaggio would have been influenced by the 16th century belief that he was crucified on a normal latin cross .
certain standard abbreviations are also composed as diagonal fractions , such as ( care of ) , ( account of ) , ( addressed to the subject ) , or in spanish ( cada uno / a , " each one " ) .
in a magic square the equivalent would be referred to as a broken diagonal .
the whole interior is fitted with diagonal board doors .
note that the noninteracting green function is diagonal , but this will not be true in the interacting case .
various new centres were created , and modern sports facilities were built in the olympic zones of montjuïc , diagonal , and vall d'hebron .
terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance .
diagonal movement creates added space to maneuver , compared to simply running straight ahead .
diagonal pliers .
with the grid pointed to the diagonal directions , the nw - se streets get sun to melt snow in the morning and the ne - sw streets get it in the afternoon .
if white 's light - square bishop is on the f1-a6 diagonal , black can try to exchange it by playing ... b6 and ...
the 5 pedines are found on the next diagonal of black squares .
it includes a stylized stork ( symbol of alsace ) , a red diagonal stripe from the city 's coat of arms and a depiction of the cathedral along with the club 's initials : rcs .
and " d " be the " |v| formula_1 |v| " degree matrix of " g " ( for which the diagonal entry corresponding to vertex " v " is degree("v " ) ) , and let " l " = " d " - " a " , be the corresponding laplacian matrix which is positive semidefinite .
when finished , the loose end is cut off with a pair of diagonal cutters or wire cutters ( many safety wire pliers have a wire cutting feature ) , such that enough twists are left to prevent the wire from unraveling .
a " double slip switch " ( " double slip " ) is a narrow - angled diagonal flat crossing of two lines combined with four pairs of points in such a way as to allow vehicles to change from one straight track to the other , as well as going straight across .
multiple units were painted into the new livery with bodies in white ( lower half ) and purple ( upper half ) with green , red and white stripes bordering the purple , overlain by and a wide diagonal white band in the centre of the carriage .
a small realignment was made in 2008 at the sr-83 intersection in corinne , moving sr-13 from the diagonal routing alongside the rail line to a straight north –
mapping.5 in 1984 , edwin jones of the university of south carolina reported that the human brain can accept and process parallax information without regard to the direction of the parallax , i.e. horizontal , diagonal or vertical.6
by the spectral theorem , there is some choice of frame ( e'"i ) in which ( " ii"ij ) is a diagonal matrix .
on march 30 , 2006 , he published his first book with recollections on his youth , early career and the league triumph of 2004 - 05 ( and the subsequent street parade through the " avinguda diagonal " in barcelona ) .
because formula_23 ; the right hand side is easily computed as the product of all diagonal elements of " u " multiplied with the determinant of the permutation matrix " p " ( which is + 1 for an even number of permutations and is -1 for an uneven number of permutations ) .
some authors use a more general definition , which requires there to be a single 0 in each row and column but not necessarily on the diagonal .
kb7 followed by 4 ... bc2 ; then black can keep his king on b7 forever , blocking white 's pawn , and shift his bishop along the b1-f5 diagonal to defend his own pawn .
white is ready to return the e5-pawn in order to develop his pieces on their best squares , i.e. the d5-square for the nb1 , the f3-square for the ng1 and the a1–h8 diagonal for the bc1 .
the log structure is an unusual example of corner - post log construction with diagonal bracing .
the proof is essentially cantor 's ' diagonal ' proof . "
off - diagonal elements in these equations are shown to be nuclear kinetic energy terms .
shen kuo preserved the written dialogues of yu hao when describing technical issues such as slanting struts built into pagoda towers for diagonal wind bracing .
for instance , the panasonic gh1 uses a multi - aspect sensor which is designed to maximize use of the image circle at 4:3 , 3:2 , and 16:9 ; each ratio having a diagonal of 22.5 mm .
the partials go into the vector γ. following the usual practice , especially if there is no evidence to the contrary , it is assumed that the covariances are all zero , so that c is diagonal .
the display is 2.25 inches square with diagonal span of 3.0 inches .
but if you put a diagonal slash between , then it means either or .
this railroad origin is responsible for belle center 's " diagonal " street layout .
in mathematics , in graph theory , the seidel adjacency matrix of a simple graph " g " ( also called the seidel matrix and — the original name — the ( −1,1,0)-adjacency matrix ) is the symmetric matrix with a row and column for each vertex , having 0 on the diagonal and , in the positions corresponding to vertices " vi " and " vj " , −1 if the vertices are adjacent and + 1 if they are not .
again , there is a kick as part of the ollie but unlike the kickflip it is directed forward and outwards away from the rider 's toe side ( diagonal ) , so that the last part of the foot to leave the board is the heel , hence the name .
lastly , it is also uncertain whether diagonal 3 in - a - rows count .
the diagonal is important because the text reads upwards , which looks towards the future .
the geographer , dressed in a japanese - style robe then popular among scholars , is shown to be " someone excited by intellectual inquiry " , with his active stance , the presence of maps , charts , a globe and books , as well as the dividers he holds in his right hand , according to arthur wheelock jr. " the energy in this painting [ ... ] is conveyed most notably through the figure 's pose , the massing of objects on the left side of the composition , and the sequence of diagonal shadows on the wall to the right . "
this matrix has six degrees of freedom which can identified with the six elements of the matrix above the main diagonal , as all others are determined by these .
the squeeze mapping , written as a 2 × 2 diagonal matrix , paërl calls a " hyperbolic screw " .
drawing a diagonal stripe across the top of the card deck provided a similar check for proper order .
the values of elements diminish toward zero away from the diagonal , where all elements have value 1 .
" a " and " b " are entered on the horizontal and vertical scales , and the result is read from the diagonal scale .
in the dragon variation , black fianchettoes a bishop on the h8-a1 diagonal .
the body is white with diagonal brown stripes on the sides .
balshaw played in the warm - up match against france in marseille and impressed in england ’s world cup game against samoa when he caught a diagonal kick from jonny wilkinson to score a crucial try in the 70th minute .
in concrete terms , the diagonal boosting strategy is as follows .
metro etiopía / plaza de la transparencia is underneath the intersection of avenida xola , avenida cuauhtemoc , cumbres de maltrata street and diagonal de san antonio .
the mangalarga marchador performs the " marcha batida " , a diagonal gait similar to the fox trot .
i mixed grey granite from the tarn and some pink " de la clarte " , which blends the sculpture with its context by reference to a typical architectural pattern of sainte memehould : diagonal lines of brick and limestone".in 1986 he realizes a fountain placed in the quartier des vertes voyes in sainte menehould , champagne , france .
description : on a buff colored vertical rectangular embroidered item , arched outwardly at top and bottom , a red diagonal stripe from upper left to lower right , between a white compass rose upper right and stylized buff mountain range of five peaks with white snowcapped with dark gray details ; all within a 1/8 inch ( 3.2 mm ) yellow border .
however these indicators do not remove the need for drivers to ensure the main aspect of the starting signal has cleared , as these indicators are not necessarily interlocked with the main aspects , e.g. where a train needs to vacate a platform but the main signal can only show a subsidiary aspect ( two diagonal white lights ) due to the section being occupied by another train unit or locomotive .
banc sabadell is headquartered at the crossing of carrer de balmes with avinguda diagonal .
the constraints of unitarity of the ckm - matrix on the diagonal terms can be written as
another technique is to add sufficient diagonal bracing or sections of concrete shear wall between pylons .
as with most globes , it 's mounted at a 23.5 degree angle , the same axial tilt as the earth itself ; thus the equator is diagonal to the floor .
the bishop 's predecessor in shatranj ( medieval chess ) was the alfil , which could leap two squares along any diagonal , and could jump over an intervening piece .
by 1949 the airstrip boasted three intersecting grass runways ( n - s , e - w and nw - se ) , the longest the 2,550-foot diagonal strip .
the wings are cream - coloured with bold red or purple fascia forming a diagonal stripe across forewings and hindwings .
the tower is in two stages with diagonal buttresses and a stair turret at the southeast angle .
and the latter is easy to calculate since it only involves the powers of a diagonal matrix .
several superhighways and highways were added including the gr-1 and the new via egnatia link with thessaloniki and the superhighway in 1973 , the thessaloniki ring and the diagonal road ( gr-67 , partly gr-18 ) and the partial section of the gr-65 in the 1970s and the 1980s and lately the via egnatia superhighway between 1997 and 2005 and currently , the gr-12 will be converted to a superhighway standard in the late-2000s and the early-2010s .
each sail was with a diagonal sprit that enabled it to be brailed up to its mast and deployed rapidly .
columbus avenue is a diagonal street that runs through the north beach and chinatown areas of san francisco , california , from washington and montgomery streets by the transamerica pyramid to beach street near fisherman 's wharf .
conversely , if all surfaces are well separated , all off - diagonal terms can be neglected and hence the whole matrix of formula_49 is effectively zero .
the one diagonal bend , as well as the one horse 's head , also alludes to the division 's numerical designation .
the identity matrix i"n " of size " n " is the " n "- by-"n " matrix in which all the elements on the main diagonal are equal to 1 and all other elements are equal to 0 , e.g.
it generally has a diagonal layout .
the diagonal elements of formula_1 are called the principal moments of inertia ;
the ff may be distinguished from the interceptor by a few styling cues , the most obvious being the twin ( rather than single ) diagonal air vents on the front wing , just rear of the wheel - arches .
a notable feature of the aircraft was the streamlined fuselage , with an extensively glazed cockpit , heavily framed with many diagonal braced windows positioned in the nose , immediately behind the propeller spinner .
stations serving two or more lines show the respective colors of each line in diagonal stripes , as in salto del agua .
contrary to widely held beliefs , his first method was not his famous diagonal argument , which he published in 1891 .
consider a block diagonal matrix
the smallest normal diagonal magic cube is order 5 .
in some variants , some or all of the diagonal lines are missing which makes it difficult to classify as a tiger game in general .
clebsch gave a model of a cubic surface , called the clebsch diagonal surface , where all the 27 lines are
diagonal matrices .
diagonal spreads are constructed using options of the same underlying security but different strike prices and expiration dates .
where " u " is " m " by " m " orthogonal matrix , " v " is " n " by " n " orthogonal matrix and formula_81 is an " m " by " n " matrix with all its elements outside of the main diagonal equal to " 0 " .
it has been said that the angled stressing of old style faces generates " diagonal lock " , which , when combined with their bracket serifs creates detailed , positive word - pictures ( see bouma ) for ease of reading .
vasco da gama 's first kit , used in rowing , was created in 1898 , and was completely black , with a left diagonal sash .
in colombia , there are related native horses who perform a slightly different , unevenly timed diagonal four beat gait , known as the " trocha , " which is similar to the fox trot , and very smooth .
on the other hand the asynchronous spectrum is asymmetric and never has peaks on the main diagonal .
though the passenger facilities are located within hoboken , a large part of the infrastructure that supports them are located over the jersey city city line , which cuts across the rail yard at a northwest diagonal from the river to the intersection of grove street and newark street .
a scattering of diagonal streets , many of them originally indian trails , also cross the city .
another result is that many brian 's brain patterns will explode messily and chaotically , and often will result in or contain great diagonal waves of on and dying cells .
the 8 , 2 and 5 are added ( 15 ) , and the 5 is written beneath the lattice with the 1 being carried on to the next diagonal .
tsubame gaeshi - a one - handed draw ( from the sheath ) diagonal downward cut from left - to - right .
the first of these plates forms a shallow combustion chamber and is connected to the firebox by a short diagonal neck .
the game is played on a slanted or diagonal square board with only 13 spaces .
the most common pattern for such ties in the uk and most of europe consists of diagonal stripes of alternating colours running down the tie from the wearer 's left .
mw13 - doors ( 3 diagonal wood , 3 spiked vertical wood )
these assumptions together are represented by the assumption that the residual vector has a diagonal covariance matrix ω.
in mathematics , particularly in set theory , if formula_1 is a regular uncountable cardinal then formula_2 , the filter of all sets containing a club subset of formula_1 , is a formula_1-complete filter closed under diagonal intersection called the club filter .
if you draw a perfect square and then draw a diagonal line from one corner of the square to the other , you have illustrated the concept of the 1x1 angle , which moves up one point per day .
at the end of one diagonal of the visual , we have one effect , and at the other end we have another .
in 1873 , the lighthouse was painted in its distinctive black and white diagonal checkerboard pattern .
the bridge is 332 m long and 27.5 m wide , with three lanes in each direction , and total road width of 21.8 m. it is constructed as a combination of beam and arch , with shallow - frame beam and diagonal steel - concrete abutments .
minimum spacing standards are also set for parallel , pull - in , or diagonal parking , depending on what types of vehicles are allowed to park in the lot or a particular section of it .
triple checks may also be possible , for example in the position shown , white plays 1.ba8 triple check ( the " moa " is a non - leaping knight which first takes a diagonal step , then an orthogonal one ) .
in addition to covering d5 , white 's light - squared bishop helps cover white 's queenside and controls the a2-g8 diagonal leading to black 's king .
the lines correspond to a typical behaviour of the phase space trajectory : whereas the diagonal lines represent such segments of the phase space trajectory which run parallel for some time , the vertical lines represent segments which remain in the same phase space region for some time .
i-4 maintains a diagonal , northeast - southwest route for much of its length , although it is signed east - west .
1991 workphase : laserglyphs , diagonal paths through 6-d hypercube are cut from steel plates with a laser
it 's located in avinguda diagonal , between carrer del doctor ferran and gran via de carles iii , in front of the la caixa headquarters , in la maternitat i sant ramon , in the district of les corts .
where the axes are chosen such that the diagonal elements are ordered formula_13 .
the design called for a diagonal scantling ( rib ) scheme intended to restrict hogging while giving the ships extremely heavy planking .
these 19th century and early 20th century rugs have a " mir " design , characterized by small , pear or leaf forms in diagonal rows .
some colombian paso finos , particularly if tired or stressed , may perform a diagonal gait known as " trocha " or a slower version , " pasitrote , " both akin to the fox trot ( see below ) .
rhode island avenue is a diagonal avenue in the northwest and northeast quadrants of washington , d.c. and the capital 's inner suburbs in prince george 's county , maryland .
the missing diagonal elements were then added afterwards .
this direction forwards and backwards should be taken while moving slightly on the diagonal to the right and then to the left .
the roof is a diagonal matrix of " how s vs. how s " and the body of the house is a matrix of " what s vs. how s " .
if diagonal jumps are allowed , the 8th row can be reached but not the 9th row .
in doing this , they limit the diameter of the image projected to slightly more than the diagonal measurement of the photosensor .
the respective station names are carlos pellegrini , diagonal norte , and 9 de julio .
" pale greenish yellow above , sides lilacine , a narrow brownish median line , followed by eight diagonal short streaks and six brownish - red spots .
the blue sox logo is a mixture of the chicago white sox logo and the new york yankees logo , and its letters make out the initials of the town of bet shemesh , written in diagonal from right to left ( because the hebrew language reads from right to left ) , as opposed to the white sox which goes left to right .
a series of ledges from broadledge , finish in a diagonal ramp at mel pool , where in high water makes for a huge cushion wave and the centre of difficulties when in flood .
however , for s5 and s6 it is a controversial lime green with a blue or black diagonal stripe relative to the given year group .
to give the frame stability , some form of diagonal bracing is required .
grand avenue is a major east - west arterial surface street in the city of chicago and nearby dupage county , although it deviates somewhat from chicago 's grid system , as it is diagonal west of western avenue .
construction of a brake or compensator can be very simple ; for example , some models of the ak-47 used a diagonal cut at the muzzle end of the barrel to direct some of the escaping gases upwards .
multiplication operators generalize the notion of operator given by a diagonal matrix .
many pieces can move any number of empty squares along a straight orthogonal or diagonal line , limited only by the edge of the board .
this representation is memory - intensive because the features in the square matrix are symmetrical ( and thus redundant ) about the main diagonal .
resolving 5 lines per millimeter on a print of 30 cm diagonal .
as in the first version , deflation is performed as soon as one of the sub - diagonal entries of formula_7 is sufficiently small .
now if it happens that the diagonal matrix has more than one non - zero entry it is clear that we can express it as a convex combination of other density operators .
multiple measure rests of variable duration are usually drawn in one of two ways : either as long , thick horizontal lines placed on the middle line of the staff , with serifs at either end , or as thick diagonal lines placed between the second and fourth lines of the staff .
it has diagonal buttresses and , on the west face , a four - light window .
in 1994 the diagonal runway 13 - 31 was rebuilt into a new assault landing strip for the air national guard and for general aviation aircraft .
the kubutz ( ) sign is represented by three diagonal dots " ֻ " underneath a letter .
it uses diagonal brace wire that connects the tops to the bottoms of all adjacent posts .
bracing in the form of cross shaped trusses also appears on the walls of the building itself , diagonal beams running up the walls from the floor to about level with the top of the arcade .
the image of a diagonal morphism in the category of sets , as a subset of the cartesian product , is a relation on the domain , namely equality .
however , not all fixed - wing aircraft have tailplanes , such as those configured with canards ( where the " tail - plane " is located in front ) , flying - wing aircraft , where there is no tail , and v - tail aircraft where the fin / rudder and tail - plane are combined to form two diagonal surfaces in a v layout .
now we restrict these functions to a diagonal , and denote
diagonal cables were installed from the towers to the deck , intended to stiffen the bridge .
this bifurcation was used by cantor in his diagonal method , which in turn was used by turing in his proof that the " entscheidungsproblem " ( the decision problem of hilbert ) is undecidable .
the shield features a ship on its upper half representing the manchester ship canal , and three diagonal stripes in the lower half , for the city 's three rivers .
so for example , a 135 film frame has " i " dimensions of 36 mm horizontal by 24 mm vertical and 43.3 mm diagonal .
counting codimensions in " m"×"m " , a transversality assumption for the graph of " f " and the diagonal should ensure that the fixed point set is zero - dimensional .
when the observational errors are uncorrelated the weight matrix , w , is diagonal .
welchman 's enhancement , the ' diagonal board ' , rendered the device more efficient in the attack on ciphers generated by the german enigma machine .
an alternative idea is to play the immediate 5 ... b5 and create pressure from the queenside with the idea of playing b4 attacking the c3 knight or bb7 building pressure along the long white squared diagonal .
in 1897 and 1898 , six stamps of germany were overprinted with the name of the colony , printed in diagonal on two lines .
this is done in such a way that the lines from the cross - peak form a 90° angle between the two peaks on the diagonal .
the $ 100,000 inquest put the blame on the use of green lumber and the lack of diagonal bracing on the wooden support forms , causing a collapse as concrete was being placed to form the bridge deck .
the drum is lubricated and rotated and the knife makes a series of diagonal cuts across the tread .
a diagonal cheatline with orange , yellow , and red stripes divided a white top from a blue bottom .
this is due to a combination of the angle of impact of the cut against the grain ( approximately 30 - 50 degrees from the surface ) , the downward diagonal angle of the swing , and the ability to use many of the major muscle groups and rotation of the body to aid in the cut .
many pieces can move any number of empty squares along a straight orthogonal or diagonal line , limited only by the edge of the board .
the probability formula_18 that a diagonal line has exactly length formula_9 can be estimated from the frequency distribution formula_8 with formula_21 .
in mathematics , particularly matrix theory , a stieltjes matrix is a real symmetric positive definite matrix with nonpositive off - diagonal entries .
sin ( elephant ) is equivalent to bishop ; it can move one step in any diagonal direction or one step forward ( as silver general in shogi ) .
however , these three games use an expanded alquerque board with a 5x5 square grid with diagonal lines .
the decks were also of double - diagonal construction , and generally made of softwood .
these are black , with red diagonal stripes across them .
it is also made without the usual white stripe outlines found around the diagonal saltires ' blue bars .
as bob does not know the basis the photons were encoded in , all he can do is select a basis at random to measure in , either rectilinear or diagonal .
the mixed derivatives of " f " are the entries " off " the main diagonal in the hessian .
arthur dealt with these problems by truncating the kernel at cusps in such a way that the truncated kernel is integrable over the diagonal .
the pins are set in a slightly diagonal line in groups of three , one at the other end of each " channel " , the small " txirlo " sits in between them but there is no special platform for them as in other varieties .
prospect was aligned with lake avenue with a diagonal intersection to allow the traffic flow to be uninterrupted by hard turns .
many additional diagonal streets were recommended in the plan of chicago , but only the extension of ogden avenue was ever constructed .
globus cassus has the form of a compressed geodesic icosahedron with two diagonal openings .
in terms of the chain complexes of formula_14 and formula_15 , where the first map is the künneth map and the second is the map induced by the diagonal formula_16 .
the w&g had been assigned a route largely along pennsylvania avenue , one of the major diagonal streets in downtown washington .
each grid point has eight neighbouring grid points : up , down , left , right and the four diagonal directions .
once past bloomsbury ave . , the road becomes a suburban street again , although a very busy one ; the route is a well - known shortcut for traffic avoiding i-695 . crossing the street grid at a diagonal ,
geometrically , the square root of 5 corresponds to the diagonal of a rectangle whose sides are of length 1 and 2 , as is evident from the pythagorean theorem .
an interesting feature of belo horizonte reis designed was the downtown street plan , featuring a regular array of perpendicular and diagonal streets , named after brazilian states and brazilian indigenous tribes .
later in this version the prize was $ 500 for a vertical or horizontal lingo , $ 1,000 for a diagonal lingo and $ 2,000 for a double lingo ( two lines completed with the same ball ) .
totality was visible in a diagonal path across the united states , and ended in north africa .
the diagonal matrix " d " contains the eigenvalues of " a " in arbitrary order ( hence its frobenius norm , squared , is the sum of the squared moduli of the eigenvalues of " a " , while
and yet cantor 's diagonal argument shows that real numbers have higher cardinality .
the western end of the two runways was later removed to make way for housing , leaving only the eastern portions , cut mid - field on a diagonal line .
from the shore of crummock water an ascent can be made following pillar rake , a diagonal breach in the central rim of crag .
beside masterly carved body of christ there is a theme of abraham ’s sacrifice ; it is diagonal composition in anxious tension with several movements of limbs and drapes .
so too did the coming of state highway 111 in the early 1930s , which cut a diagonal swath through the valley and connected all of its major settlements .
when pixel art is displayed at a higher resolution than the source image , it is often scaled using the nearest neighbor interpolation algorithm in order to avoid the blurring caused by other algorithms such as bilinear and bicubic interpolation – which interpolate between adjacent pixels and works best on continuous tones , but not sharp edges or lines ; nearest - neighbour interpolation preserves these sharp edges , but it makes diagonal lines and curves look blocky , an effect called pixellation .
in this case , the diagonal components of the density matrix become negligible after introducing thermal distribution function ,
massachusetts avenue is a major diagonal transverse road in washington , d.c. , and the massachusetts avenue historic district is a historic district that includes part of it .
the large diagonal squares known as " parquet de versailles " were introduced there in 1684 , as " parquet de menuiserie " ( " woodwork parquet " ) , to replace the marble flooring that required constant washing , which tended to rot the joists beneath the floors .
it is the length of the space diagonal of a unit cube .
gives the marginal distribution of each of the elements on the matrix 's diagonal .
the diagonal section cut off between buffalo and macks creek became route 73 .
costa published his ideas , the " diagonal system , " in the brazilian newspaper " o cruzeiro " , using schematics as the ones used here and , for the first time ever , the formation description by numbers as used in this article .
thus , by analogy , the reynolds stress is sometimes thought of as consisting of an isotropic pressure part , termed the turbulent pressure , and an off - diagonal part which may be thought of as an effective turbulent viscosity .
