their story comes to a tragic ending in the year 2261 , when she is gravely injured in an epic battle to liberate earth from the dictatorship of president morgan clark , aboard a white star vessel , the minbari doctors determine that her injuries are too severe for her survival .
garzón also filed charges of genocide against argentine military officers on the disappearance of spanish citizens during argentina 's 1976 - 1983 dictatorship .
in 2005–2006 , as the laws ( " ley de obediencia debida " , " ley de punto final " ) protecting the security forces from trial for crimes during the dictatorship were repealed , she continued this work .
this new dictatorship at first brought some stability and built numerous important public works ; but their frequent wage freezes and deregulation of finance led to a sharp fall in living standards and record foreign debt .
she soon joined organizations that performed underground activities against the military dictatorship .
kita proposed a military coup d'état to replace the existing political structure of japan with a military dictatorship .
his professorships at manchester and oxford did much to make the two schools england 's academic centres for medieval studies , although he was much less of a force at the latter than in his days of benevolent dictatorship in the north .
göring was one of the key figures in the process of " gleichschaltung " ( " forcible coordination " ) that established the nazi dictatorship .
with the end of the gdr dictatorship in 1989 , the things changed decisively .
in 1799 , napoleon came to power in france , ending the revolutionary era and creating a dictatorship ( crowning himself emperor in 1804 ) .
at that time , brazil was in the peak of a dictatorship , and civilians were not allowed to rule the country .
even today , there are two theories about his death : the first , that pilar was so depressed by the yugoslav dictatorship that he killed himself ; the second , that he was killed by serbian secret agents like other croatian patriots such as milan šufflay ( in 1931 ) .
his murder was characterized by romero as part of a systematic persecution of the catholic church and oppression against efforts to reform a military dictatorship there to guarantee human rights for the poor masses .
he was minister under teodoro obiang until he dissented with the dictatorship 's policies and went into exile , settling in majorca , spain .
he supported helping them remove the government of saddam hussein by force because of the gross violations of human rights saddam had committed against democrats , left - wingers , trade unionists , shia muslims and the kurdish people , and because under saddam 's dictatorship there were no opportunities for peaceful , democratic change .
general castello branco assumed command of the country , which would remain a dictatorship until 1985 .
he speaks about rampant bureaucracy , corruption , and nepotism in the castro dictatorship .
in the panamanian presidential election of 1989 , endara ran as the candidate of an alliance of parties opposed to the military dictatorship of manuel noriega .
opening title graphic : as the film begins a message appears and reminds the audience that approximately 30,000 people died during the dirty war due to the military dictatorship 's reign during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
his law studies from the central university of venezuela were suspended in 1952 and he was imprisoned for four months in the " cárcel modelo " ( model prison ) by the dictatorship of marcos pérez jiménez .
khawar was against all sorts and types of tyranny , dictatorship , subjugation and exploitation .
the imminent council dictatorship thus forced the majority social democrats to join up with the old elites .
in 1938 published a book entitled " the art of the dictatorship , " describing the merits of mussolini for the development of italy .
in argentina the opera was banned by the military dictatorship .
on taking power the radicals rule through dictatorship and " rough - and - ready centralization .
this book greatly influenced the armed forces during the military dictatorship in brazil .
the new body , the central caspian dictatorship , wanted to arrest stepan shahumian , but he and his 1,200 red army troops seized the local arsenal and 13 ships , and began heading to astrakhan .
in chile is called " funa " and denounce mostly criminals acts from specific personalities under the dictatorship of augusto pinochet .
the university would become an important member of this organization , whose first significant action would take place in may of the same year that ended the dictatorship of general gustavo rojas pinilla .
during the francisco franco dictatorship spanish stars were forbidden to behave in any way that could be perceived at odds with christian principles and morality , consequently they kept their private lives very private .
papadopoulos , during his liberalization process and even during the dictatorship , attempted to re - engineer the greek political landscape and failed repeatedly .
it was not active throughout the franco dictatorship , but its roots led to the establishment of an alianza popular , formed during the transition period that followed franco 's death .
the military dictatorship collapsed to constitutional rule on may 29 , 1999 .
proponents argue that this form of government is a method through which the dictatorship of the proletariat can be exercised in large populations .
" april captains " ( ) is a 2000 film telling the story of the " carnation revolution " , the military coup that overthrew the fascist dictatorship in portugal on april 25th 1974 .
in 1977 ramírez became head of the " group of twelve " , a group of prominent intellectuals , priests , businesspeople , and members of civil society who publicly stated their support for the frente sandinista de liberación nacional ( fsln ) in its struggle to topple the dictatorship of anastasio somoza debayle .
after the fall of the communist dictatorship in romania , the hungarian scout association in romania was formed in 1990 .
he condemns chile , but at the same time he wants closer relations with a dictatorship like castro 's in cuba , that had lead an authoritarian regime for 18 years . "
the bombing of romania in world war ii comprised two series of events : until august 1944 , allied operations , and , following the disestablishment of ion antonescu 's fascist dictatorship , operations by nazi germany .
in 1915 , pimenta de castro 's dictatorship ended with the revolt of the constitutionalist party .
on august 22 , 1930 , as a lieutenant - colonel , he overturned the eleven - year dictatorship of augusto b. leguía after a coup d'état in arequipa .
after 29 years of continuous broadcast throughout brazil as the nation 's first television network and 10 years as the first national television network , rede tupi became defunct on july 16 to 18,1980 when its two stations in sao paulo ( tupi channel 4 ) and rio de janeiro ( tupi channel 6 ) shut down , together with its 7 other stations nationwide , by order of the brazilian federal government - a military dictatorship at the time - through the department of national telecommunications which did not approve the planned extension of rede tupi 's television concession .
his liberal and democratic ideas gained him the exile after the bloody civil war of 1947 to 1954 - and the cultural marginal as well as the imprisonment in several occasions during the dictatorship of alfredo stroessner .
disappointed with the family - run dictatorship of ngô đình diệm in the south , he tried to go abroad .
xylographer manuel cabanas stood out in the city 's artistic panorama and was a fierce opponent of the portuguese dictatorship .
- president george w. bush , on september 25 , announced new sanctions against " the leaders of the regime and its financial backers " , accusing the military dictatorship in myanmar of imposing " a 19-year reign of fear " that denies basic freedoms of speech , assembly and worship .
this can lead to the breakdown of democracy and the establishment of a dictatorship .
after the dictatorship fell in 1986 , and president corazon aquino called for peace talks and ocampo headed the ndf peace negotiating panel .
the term valencian region ( in valencian : " regió valenciana " ) was a denomination that became majoritary during franco 's dictatorship with the intention of emphasizing the intended nature of the territory under the political structure of the time : a region within spain .
it is becoming popular with all those who share in the dislike of fidel castro and his communistic dictatorship . - lady , costa rica . "
after the end of franco 's dictatorship , this view became more mainstream .
the faud also rejected the dictatorship of the proletariat and other marxist terms and ideas .
on may 8 , 1918 on the sovnarkom meeting he suggested to introduce in the country a food ration dictatorship .
he uses all power of grotesque , irony plus murderous humor to uncloak universal dictatorship of tolerance and liberal of modern times .
the city , since august 2008 , has witnessed trials against high - ranking war criminals from the 1976 - 83 dictatorship .
faced with such incidents , carol chose to reform his own government , and appealed to his rival , general ion antonescu , to form a military dictatorship and a cabinet .
one night the white rabbit comes to her , and tells her she must return to wonderland to undo the wicked deformities brought on by the dictatorship of the malevolent queen of hearts .
he accused chávez of meddling with the historically government - owned state oil company , providing a haven for colombian guerrillas , and bailing out the cuban dictatorship with preferential rates on oil .
the sandinista insurgency in nicaragua which lead to the demise of the somoza - dictatorship in 1979 , was openly supported by cuba .
his philosophical essays began with the trilogy made up of the bestseller " voltaire 's bastards : the dictatorship of reason in the west , " the polemic philosophical dictionary " the doubter 's companion : a dictionary of aggressive common sense , " and the book that grew out of his 1995 massey lectures , " the unconscious civilization " .
in 1954–55 ( age 35 to 36 ) , he suffered political incarceration for a year during the dictatorship of anastasio somoza garcía .
in 2008 - 2009 he organised several art exhibitions of belarusian dissident artists under name " art against dictatorship " including exhibitions in estonian parliament , us congress and oslo city hall .
however , in 1987 she published at the sport - turism publishing house the book " orase de silabe " ( " city of syllables " ) where she writes about all the countries and cities of the world where she traveled in spite of the ' communist dictatorship ' : over 100 .
the first temple burned in 83 bc , during the civil wars under the dictatorship of sulla .
on the night of the 13 december , thaksin shinawatra , newin 's former boss and benefactor , in a recorded message played at a national united front of democracy against dictatorship ( or udd ) rally , blasted the group as ' traitors and betrayers of the people . '
the situation which has developed is explained by the fact that the regime of fractional dictatorship within the party which unfolded after the xth congress has outlived itself .
according to journalist maría seoane , in 1979 , the sandinista front overthrew the somoza dictatorship .
dr. ivo banac , a yale university professor and then a deputy in the croatian parliament , addressed the chamber in a speech decrying a " dictatorship of mediocrity " in the academy , while " globus " columnist boris dežulović satirized the institution as an " academy of stupidity and obedience . "
after the fall of the communist dictatorship in 1989 , the former king mihai i visited romania to the delight and enthousiastic reception of some of the largest crowds ever recorded in the streets of bucharest .
on october 19 , he denounced " the police methods " of diem 's " dictatorship " and warned the vietnamese populace " against a regime that was bound to lead them to ruin , famine , and war " .
the danger of granting military leaders full autonomy or sovereignty is that they may ignore or supplant the democratic decision - making process , and use physical force , or the threat of physical force , to achieve their preferred outcomes ; in the worse cases , this may lead to a coup or military dictatorship .
after the end of the francisco franco dictatorship ( 1939–1975 ) , the self - funded private company went international .
was intended to put an end to the dictatorship of antonio lópez de santa anna .
the argentine dictatorship felt that the united states would , even in a worst - case scenario , remain completely neutral in the conflict ( based upon the support that argentina had given to the reagan administration in central america , training contras ) .
the showcase trial of rajk is considered the beginning of the worst period of the rákosi dictatorship .
meanwhile , the trials concerning human rights violations during the dictatorship continued .
meckel is an advisory chairman of the foundation for the processing of the sed dictatorship and besides member of the adviser of the federal authority for the processing of gdr state intelligence files / bstu.
bolesław bierut died under mysterious circumstances in moscow in 1956 during a political visit to the soviet union , shortly after attending the 20th congress of the communist party of the soviet union during which nikita khrushchev delivered his " secret speech " , denouncing the personality cult and dictatorship of stalin .
the coup d'état was of course ipso facto unconstitutional and was said by makarios himself to be an attempt to extend greek dictatorship to the island .
when warned of potential domination by a stalin dictatorship over part of europe , roosevelt responded with a statement summarizing his rationale for relations with stalin : " i just have a hunch that stalin is not that kind of a man .... i think that if i give him everything i possibly can and ask for nothing from him in return , noblesse oblige , he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace . "
their split from the pnv was apparently because they considered the pnv too moderate in its opposition to franco 's dictatorship .
albania 's first three films were historical tales set against the backdrop of the enver hoxha dictatorship which ruled albania for over forty years . " bunker " and " slogans " take place in albania in the late 1970s while " sadness " takes place in 1961 czechoslovakia . " colonel bunker " is a drama about a soldier tasked by hoxha to build a network of impossibly elaborate structures ( ' bunkers ' ) designed to resist a potential foreign invasion .
the butterfly becomes their symbol , which represents independence - their main goal against trujillo 's dictatorship .
frap began operating around 1971 in the universities of the largest cities in spain ( valencia , barcelona and madrid ) as an obscure and vague opposition movement against franco 's dictatorship called frente republicano de acción popular .
the metapolitefsi ( , translated as " polity " or " regime change " ) was a period in greek history after the fall of the greek military junta of 1967–1974 that includes the transitional period from the fall of the dictatorship to the greek legislative elections of 1974 and the democratic period immediately after these elections .
it displeased the dictatorship with its studies of graft and corruption , its analyses of the personalistic and closed decision - making process , the tokenism and elite orientation of several government programs .
it was almost twenty years after he left university of lagos where his hope of pursuing an immediate post - graduate programme was punctuated by the university withholding his certificate for six years after graduation during the era of military dictatorship .
due to the way that the russian culture was seen in the military dictatorship period in brazil , his positions against the repression and because he has soviet passport , schnaiderman was arrested while he was lecturing .
rodrigo andrés rojas de negri ( march 7 , 1967 - july 6 , 1986 ) was a young photographer who was burned alive during a street demonstration against the dictatorship of general augusto pinochet in chile .
as the war progressed , his influence receded and inevitably his lack of ability in military matters led to an ever - increasing reliance upon his generals , so much that after 1916 the empire had effectively become a military dictatorship under the control of paul von hindenburg and erich ludendorff .
he was also among the first in his party to reject the 1973 coup by pinochet and was exiled by the military dictatorship from 1975 until 1984 .
some chileans continued to support an ibáñez dictatorship .
in 1959 she fled from the cuban dictatorship of fidel castro , and in 1960 she made her first solo exhibition in luzern , switzerland .
today tunisia is an export - oriented country , in the process of liberalizing its economy while , politically it is a dictatorship in all but name .
brusca has offered a controversial version of the capture of totò riina : a secret deal between carabinieri officers , secret agents and cosa nostra bosses tired of the dictatorship of the corleonesi .
in june 1970 , the greek dictatorship revoked his citizenship .
since the arrival of democracy , the catalan culture ( very much repressed during the dictatorship of franco ) has been promoted , both by recovering works from the past and by stimulating the creation of new works .
by that time , he had already decided going into self - exile , considering incompatible his profession as a freelance writer with the " franco’"s dictatorship .
the dictatorship has demolished their coping mechanisms , their last lines of defence and thrown them off balance .
in latin america the threat of either communism or capitalism was often used as justification for dictatorship .
he was critical of the dictatorship of king alexander i of yugoslavia and supported the idea of an autonomous united slovenia within the kingdom of yugoslavia .
however , pinochet died a few days later , on 10 december , without having been convicted of any crimes committed during his dictatorship .
debt at end of dictatorship ( or 1996 , most recent date for world bank data ) .
the hijacking was condemned by bhutto 's daughter , benazir bhutto , who was under house arrest in pakistan and leading a political movement against the zia dictatorship .
two years later , the program was accused of omitting information about the " diretas já " , a popular campaign for the end of the dictatorship .
however , his government was increasingly accused of dictatorship , demagogy , corruption , conflicts of interest , human rights offences , acting undiplomatically , using legal loopholes and displaying hostility towards a free press .
harguindeguy , allegedly involved in human rights abuses , benefitted from the pardon of president carlos menem in 1989 , along with other members of the dictatorship .
the coalition , in fact a federation of parties , was formed on 3 may 1977 , during the transition to democracy from the dictatorship of francisco franco , with the involvement of leaders from a variety of newly formed centrist and rightist factions , under the leadership of suárez , then prime minister .
anything that can lead to a workers and farmers government , to the dictatorship of the proletariat " .
the early 70s was rife with information control and civil rights violations after the marcos dictatorship declared martial law in the philippines .
" jango " narrates exhaustively the details of the coup and extends itself to the first resistance movements against the dictatorship , ending with the death of the president in exile on argentina and images of his funeral , which were originally forbidden by the military regime .
in 1931 , coleman , who had remained loyal to scullin 's labor , was defeated in his seat by the lang labor candidate , joseph gander , and became a strong opponent of jack lang 's " dictatorship " in new south wales .
the mbd used these campaigns to gain the attention of the global media , and denounce the " democratic " facade of the brazilian dictatorship .
some of them abused their powers and exercised a veritable dictatorship at a local level .
slash has criticized rose for making the band seem " like a dictatorship " .
both generals conspired to eliminate the top military and civilian leadership and establish an ' islamic dictatorship ' in the country .
by refusing to carry out ceauşescu 's orders ( he was still technically commander - in - chief of the army ) , stănculescu played a central role in the overthrow of the dictatorship .
traditional folk music became increasingly important during the protest movement against the military dictatorship and the community divisions of the 1970s , with artists like mercedes sosa and atahualpa yupanqui , contributing to the development of nueva canción .
in 1976 , lord hailsham created a now widely used name for this behaviour , in an academic paper called " elective dictatorship " .
argentina 's last dictatorship posed the greatest challenge to the development of local theatre since the rosas era of the mid-19th century .
in concert with his colleagues , this prevented restriction of legal rights and kept brazil from sliding into dictatorship .
in 1977 , costas axios , nclc chief of staff for new york , said of the nclc : " we are socialist , but first we must establish an industrialist capitalist republic and rid this country of the rockefeller anti - industrial , antitechnology monetarist dictatorship of today . "
during his dictatorship , ceauşescu wanted to make scorniceşti a " model town " to house the newly - created " socialist man " .
the reichstag fire decree and the enabling act of 1933 , the legal bases for hitler 's dictatorship , still remain in effect .
hailsham coined the expression ' elective dictatorship ' to describe this situation in which control of the commons ( and thus of parliament ) by the government is actually weak .
once order was restored the senate and cato avoided granting pompey dictatorship –
he operated out of section ii ( intelligence ) of the army police in rio ’s vila militar , a unit that , like all of the dictatorship ’s torture squads , received substantial rewards for capturing or killing left - wing militants .
he is regarded as one of the " promoción del 50 " , a group of 1950 's poets , mainly from the academia universitaria and the faculty of philosophy in asunción who wrote socially engaged poetry during alfredo stroessner 's dictatorship ( 1954 - 1989 ) .
although the king effectively renounced the metaxas regime in a radio broadcast , a large section of the people and many politicians rejected his return on account of his support of the dictatorship .
" the feast of the goat " , based on the dictatorship of rafael trujillo , takes place in the dominican republic ; in preparation for this novel , vargas llosa undertook a comprehensive study of dominican history .
on 16 october 1956 , university students in szeged snubbed the official communist student union , the disz , by re - establishing the mefesz ( union of hungarian university and academy students ) , a democratic student organization , previously banned under the rákosi dictatorship .
in march 1968 , he was the organizer of the debate at the hotel melia in madrid , on the jean - jacques servan - schreiber ’s " american challenge " , gathering two thousand people and making a demonstration of freedom against the franco ’s dictatorship two months before the students revolt that broke out in paris ( may 68 ) .
in 1989 , after the end of pinochet ’s military dictatorship , the writer returned to chile in order " to create political space for freedom " .
between 1983 and 1989 its leader , raúl ricardo alfonsín , was the first democratically elected president after the military dictatorship headed by generals such as jorge videla , leopoldo galtieri and reynaldo bignone .
the military dictatorship used the opala for its agents through the 1970s .
throughout his life arnulfo , the decorated war hero , veteran of some of the fiercest battles , and highly respected officer in the post - war army of the franco dictatorship , spoke of his pacifist father as the ' greatest man who ever lived ' .
exiled after the war , he was captured and handed over by the nazi secret police , the gestapo , to the spanish dictatorship of francisco franco , who had him executed by firing squad in 1940 .
the movement defined its political view as " revolutionary nationalism " , a euphemism of a leninist movement , which was willing to use guerrilla warfare to fight the dictatorship .
the dictatorship of francisco franco and the still recent civil war are present in the characters ' past .
the dry fly was a height of its intolerent dictatorship , and the other method was discarded and ridiculed to such an extent that enthusiasts of the school of halford regarded mr. skues as a dangerous heresiarch ...
jiménez was overthrown in 1958 , and in an attempt to stabilize the fledgling democracy that succeeded the dictatorship , three venezuelan political parties entered into the pacto de punto fijo .
his rule was characterised as a stalinist type dictatorship .
thus , its stated aims included a coup d'état and a dictatorship , although it never took any concrete steps towards achieving these ends .
us secretary of state robert lansing yearned for a military dictatorship for russia of the type tsarist general l. g. kornilov attempted to establish in 1917 .
during the 1960s , in the early phases of the military dictatorship in brazil , he was charged by the press with belonging to a paramilitary rightist organization , commando for communist hunting ( " comando de caça aos comunistas " , ccc ) which busied itself with harassing and bullying leftist students .
saer 's novels frequently thematize the situation of the self - exiled writer through the figures of two twin brothers , one of whom remained in argentina during the dictatorship , while the other , like saer himself , moved to paris ; several of his novels trace their separate and intertwining fates , along with those of a host of other characters who alternate between foreground and background from work to work .
the committee presided through major gambits in tolter politics and governance , ranging from ardent socialism during its formative ages , to partial political and social liberalisation in 1975 , when the all - worker 's front of the socialist state ( awfss ) operate a single - party socialist dictatorship , to full - fledge democracy and venture into open - market capitalism in 1983 and 1991 , respectively .
corvalán headed the communist party of chile - both within chile and whilst in exile - for over three decades , which covered the whole period of the pinochet military dictatorship .
canek sánchez guevara , the exiled grandson of che guevara , is sharply critical of the castro dictatorship .
frederick augustus voigt ( 1892 - 1957 ) , british journalist and author of german ancestry , most famous for his work with the " manchester guardian " and his opposition to dictatorship and totalitarianism on the european continent .
during this period , citizens rose up against chun doo - hwan 's military dictatorship and took control of the city .
in the sixteen years of benito mussolini 's dictatorship prior to this , there had not been any race laws ; mussolini had held the view that a small contingent of italian jews had lived in italy " since the days of the kings of rome " ( a reference to the bené roma ) and should " remain undisturbed " .
in the postwar era , dictatorship became a frequent feature of military government , especially in latin america , asia , and africa .
nonetheless , she continued calling for a " dictatorship of the proletariat " , albeit not the one party bolshevik model .
klaus hildebrand reviewed the thesis for the german daily " süddeutsche zeitung " in its september 29 , 1987 , issue , saying : “ to view hitler — just like stalin and mao zedong — as representatives of a permanent revolution or a modernising dictatorship reopens an academic debate that has been ongoing since the years between the wars of the twentieth century .
the fact that the 1932 coup was staged against king prajadhipok ( rama vii ) , uncle of the present king , and that he went into exile and eventually abdicated rather than accept the country 's degeneration into a military dictatorship , is today seldom mentioned .
despite their dedicated efforts , however , period events indicate that franco was not successful in his attempts to totally control the minds and hearts of the university 's students ; despite the political repression of the era , it is evident that even in those early years of the dictatorship and after a brutal civil war , some of the infamously political students of the university of madrid were already actively revolting against the government .
however , he did not get his degree and the school was closed by the dictatorship .
in a letter to varro on " c. " april 20 46 bc , cicero outlined his strategy under caesar 's dictatorship : " i advise you to do what i am advising myself –
during park chung - hee and his successor 's military dictatorship of the 70s and the 80s , the korean catholic church under kim 's leadership was highlighted as a focal point of south korea 's democratisation movement .
in 1966 the communist party of brazil decided that revolutionary tactics were necessary to overthrow the dictatorship and establish a communist regime in brazil .
our country the democratic republic of congo is subjected to a serious moral and ethical crisis after several years of dictatorship and war .
as demonstrations increased against the dictatorship of park chung - hee , the nis arrested 23 individuals including do yejong on april 8 , 1974 under the national security law , based on accusations that they had formed a " committee for re - establishment of the prp . "
his newest play , released in 2001 , " king baabu " is another strong , political satire on the theme of african dictatorship .
prior to him , cayetano carpio was the communist party leader in the 1960s , before leaving the cp to form the fpl and launch the armed struggle against the dictatorship in 1970 .
some ideologists , such as kingoro hashimoto , borrowed concepts of social justice mixed in with militarism , in proposing a single party dictatorship , based on egalitarian populism , patterned after the european fascist movements .
after blacking out , superman awakens and is confronted by brainiac 5 , who reveals that his dictatorship of the planet is fabricated as a way to keep colu , which is the strategic beachhead of a proposed united planets attack on earth , from completing their plans .
the research of the investigation commission was documented in the " nunca más " ( never again ) report , which was a complete summary published as an official report in spanish , and delivered to alfonsín on 20 september 1984 , which opened the doors to the trial of the military juntas of the dictatorship .
he moves to belgrade and , after the establishment of the sixth - of - january dictatorship , fully cooperates with the new regime .
we accept the results . " to the associated press , but claimed that the results were skewed by hugo chávez 's broad use of state resources to win the vote , through state - run news media , political pressure on 2 million public employees and frequent presidential speeches which all television stations in venezuela are required to air , and added that " effectively this will become a dictatorship . "
in most communist states , governments assert that they represent the democratic dictatorship of the proletariat .
the leader of the pce , santiago carrillo , wrote eurocommunism 's defining book " eurocomunismo y estado " ( " eurocommunism and the state " ) and participated in the development of the liberal democratic constitution as spain emerged from the dictatorship of franco .
the goal of the organization was to use advanced technology to establish a benevolent world dictatorship under the rule of the scientists .
the civil war in lebanon , the coming into power of the islamic republic of iran , the ba'thist dictatorship in iraq , and the present - day unrest in iraq pushed even more assyrians / chaldeans / syriacs on the roads of exile .
meanwhile , pro - thaksin protesters calling themselves the united front for democracy against dictatorship of thailand ( uddt ) began to gather in sanam luang .
ariel dorfman 's 1991 play " death and the maiden " , adapted for film in 1994 by roman polanski , is about a woman tortured and raped in a south american dictatorship , to the strains of the quartet .
the dictatorship of the proletariat refers to the absolute power of the working class .
party leader a. barkashov has advocated " a hitlerite racial biology , and proclaims the need for creating an armed resistance movement against the supposed jewish dictatorship in russia . "
at this point carrera came back to santiago and started his second ( third for some authorities ) dictatorship .
during the period 1976 - 1983 , argentina was under the control of a military dictatorship , and in the midst of a devastating economic crisis .
a weight , however , had been lifted and following the khmer rouge years some writers like vatey seng ( the price we paid ) or navy phim ( reflections of a khmer soul ) wrote frank accounts of their ordeals under pol pot 's brutal dictatorship as part of a healing process .
after the war , general sir harold wharton , an agent implanted by rogue factions of m15 into the labour party , took power and turned the united kingdom into a fascist dictatorship .
he was arrested several times in 1970 and 1972 during franco 's dictatorship when demonstrating in several campaigns against political repression and for amnesty and freedom , and was confined from several months at the carabanchel prison ( cárcel de carabanchel ) in madrid .
since 1950 , historians such as fischer , wehler , and hans mommsen have drawn a harsh indictment of the german elite of the period 1870 - 1945 , who were accused of promoting authoritarian values during the second reich , being solely responsible for launching world war i , sabotaging the democratic weimar republic , and aiding and abetting the nazi dictatorship in internal repression , war , and genocide .
though the followers of different political belief they worked together against the dictatorship of west pakistan government .
the us secretary of state condoleezza rice described his regime as " the last dictatorship in europe " , even though he has been elected by large majorities in three successive ( though fiercely disputed ) presidential elections against multiple opponents .
britain had gone through some of its most troubling times through the 17th century , enduring not only political and religious division in the english civil war , king charles i 's execution and the cromwellian dictatorship , but also the plagues and fires .
pasok was established on 3 september 1974 following the restoration of greek democracy after the collapse of the military dictatorship of 1967 - 1974 .
nazi germany , a dictatorship , was , at least initially , brought into being through a nominal democracy , yet exerted repressive controls over its people .
he remained a member even after the austrian nazi party was banned in austria and after engelbert dollfuss had dissolved the austrian parliament and established a " ständestaat " , a fascist dictatorship .
gioconda belli , of northern italian descent , was an active participant in the sandinista struggle against the somoza dictatorship , and her work for the movement led to her being forced into exile in mexico in 1975 .
politically he was an early member of the " unión revolucionaria " which had initially been founded by luis miguel sánchez cerro in 1931 as the state party of his dictatorship .
eventually , scourge , a student of backstop , grew impatient with his people 's suffering , and forced a rebellion against those taking advantage of the chaos , strong - arming his way into leadership position in a series of battles to determine who would be strong enough to become leader . corrupted by his newfound power and position , scourge forced a " peace through tyranny " campaign , bringing his people the peace and prosperity he promised them , but only through a dictatorship ruled by the credo of ' might makes right ' .
as a result , the military took power , inaugurating twenty - one years of military dictatorship , which would be marked by further involvement of the state in economic development and political repression .
jazani used this to come to the conclusion that the since the continuation of the regime is " dictatorship " therefore the ideology of the revolution in its most urgent political goal results in the overthrow of monarchy and its most needed revolutionary political goal is summed up with the slogan of " establishment of a republic and democratic government " .
the orcish empire of the pomarj is a dictatorship which oversees various humanoid tribal leaders .
the second world war made salvadorans weary of their dictatorship , and a general national strike in 1944 forced hernandez to resign and flee to guatemala .
paulo evaristo arns , then archbishop of são paulo , said that it was the arrest of sister maurina that led him to publicly speak out against the dictatorship .
a chronicle of the lives of a group of friends and stockyards co - workers during argentina 's last dictatorship , " sur " was as much an ode to barracas as it was a narrative of the havoc many working - class argentines lived through in that era .
after the civil war , the defeated republic 's death decree for the infantería marina was revoked and its strength was increased during the dictatorship of francisco franco .
in popular usage in western nations , " dictatorship " is often associated with brutality and oppression .
despite the european union 's sanctions against the military dictatorship myanmar , total is able to operate the yadana natural gas pipeline from burma to thailand .
instead there is a dictatorship , a reign of brute terror , of suppression of free thought , free criticism , free living . "
his murder was characterized by romero as part of a systematic persecution of the catholic church and oppression against efforts to reform a military dictatorship there to guaranty human rights for the poor masses .
mansoor has been highly critical of president karzai , and has accused him of trying to form a dictatorship .
built in 2001 , it is named for the date of martyrs ' day ( mali ) : a national commemoration of the 26 march 1991 bamako uprising which overthrew to dictatorship of moussa traoré .
other critics believe that the film reflects the true sentiment of iraqi kurds , many of whom suffered greatly under the dictatorship of saddam hussein and strongly supported american intervention .
the military dictatorship lasted until 1983 , when democratic elections designed raúl alfonsín ( ucr ) as president of the country .
1835 a conservative unitary system of government was instituted in mexico ( a centralized dictatorship unconstitutionally brought forth and held by the then - president : santa anna .
the installation of the last dictatorship that year , and their appointment of buenos aires mayor osvaldo cacciatore led to the closure of the city 's tens of thousands of apartment building incinerators , whose noxious disposal of the city 's 3,000 daily tons of refuse had been worsening air quality for decades .
he is considered , by human rights activists like martín almada , the most feared torturer of the dictatorship .
in some way , rodríguez alcalá abandons his regular historical subject , based in the reestablishment of paraguayan mystified figures by the dictatorship , to widen his perspective to the international connection of paraguayan independence .
like his later " yo , el supremo " , " hijo de hombre " draws upon a series of paraguayan legends and stories dating back to start of dr. francia 's dictatorship in 1814 .
his long and historic struggle for democracy and against dictatorship is part of the history of pakistan .
constantine , alex , " psychic dictatorship in the u.s.a. " , us , feral house , may 1995 , isbn 9780922915286
for that reason , he was arrested by the political police of the military dictatorship and lost his term as the union 's president .
under the presidency of former hollywood actor , ronald reagan , the struggle for america 's soul has begun — a trial of conscience and idealism versus idolatry and political dictatorship .
in the words of then prime minister john howard 's public statements , it was to " deprive iraq of its weapons of mass destruction " which are a " direct undeniable and lethal threat to australia " , as well as to remove " a dictatorship of a particularly horrific kind " .
after the assassination of former senator benigno “ ninoy ” aquino on august 21 , 1983 , he was the first political exile to return to the country to help in the fight against the marcos dictatorship .
in 2000 , the federal university of rio de janeiro requested to retain its former title of " universidade do brasil " , on the grounds of the imposition of the current name by the military dictatorship during the 1960s .
these developments turned him into a vocal opponent of the dictatorship .
by these standards , the story can be considered a satire on nazi germany ; which was particularly poignant in post - ww2 europe , most analysts agreeing that hitler took power through perfectly legal means before imposing a dictatorship .
when the socialist state ( the dictatorship of the proletariat ) naturally withers away , what will remain is a society in which human beings no longer suffer from alienation and " all the springs of co - operative wealth flow more abundantly . "
in reality , however , salazar headed an autocratic dictatorship with the help of an efficient secret police .
from this arose the concept of a small band of revolutionaries instituting an " educational dictatorship " which would raise the consciousness of the masses to the point that democracy could be introduced .
during the communist dictatorship in east germany , torture & inhumane and degrading treatment was systematically used by the security forces , including the stasi secret police , against suspected opponents of the regime .
it criticizes the recently overthrown dictator julius caesar in several places , and his dictatorship as a whole .
this caused a great upheaval which ultimately brought dionysius i of syracuse to the role of supreme commander , which he ultimately turned into a dictatorship .
her studies were interrupted from september 1975 until december 1978 while she was detained as a political prisoner during argentina 's most recent military dictatorship .
in september 1974 , after the toppling of the dictatorship and the restoration of the democracy in greece ( metapolitefsi ) , he was completely rehabilitated .
during world war i , the kaiser 's powers were devolved to a two - man dictatorship in 1916 led by the german high command leaders , future president of germany , field marshal paul von hindenburg and " generalquartiermeister " erich ludendorff .
there were no developments in the disappearance cases that occurred during the 1964 - 85 military dictatorship , and 400 cases remained for the amnesty commission to analyze .
due to the steps of the dollfuss dictatorship against known social democrats , the social democrats called for nationwide resistance against the government which almost ended in a civil war .
in 1990 , thinkers in the azerbaijan soviet socialist republic started civil resistance against the dictatorship , but was initially crushed by red army in the black january massacre .
an important aspect of the revival of the late 1960s and early 1970s was the element of protest , resistance and revolt against the military dictatorship of the junta years .
as michael parrish has written , " the protracted legislative battle over the court - packing bill blunted the momentum for additional reforms , divided the new deal coalition , squandered the political advantage roosevelt had gained in the 1936 elections , and gave fresh ammunition to those who accused him of dictatorship , tyranny , and fascism .
after radić ’s death , king alexander dismissed the parliament , banned the hss and instituted a personal dictatorship .
in tokyo one month later , in the imperial colors incident , military figures failed in an attempt to establish a military dictatorship , but again the news was suppressed and the military perpetrators were not punished .
the political events of the times often play a significant role as backdrop for the plots , such as the greek dictatorship and the vietnam war .
the first name " emmanuel " means " god with us " ; his whole name would be a metaphor for a messiah character , just as many trotskyists held leon trotsky as the deliverer from stalin 's dictatorship .
in december 2007 , the russian sociologist igor eidman ( vciom ) categorized the putin regime as " the power of bureaucratic oligarchy " which had " the traits of extreme right - wing dictatorship — the dominance of state - monopoly capital in the economy , " silovoki " structures in governance , clericalism and statism in ideology " .
many suspected him of desiring a dictatorship ; unjust attacks were directed against him from all sides , and his cabinet fell on 26 january 1882 , after only sixty - six days .
on april 15 , 2005 , a human rights lawyer filed a criminal complaint against argentine cardinal bergoglio , accusing him of conspiring with the junta in 1976 to kidnap two jesuit priests , whom he , as superior of the society of jesus of argentina in 1976 had asked to leave their pastoral work following conflict within the society over how to respond to the new military dictatorship , with some priests advocating a violent overthrow .
during his dictatorship , moríñigo faced widespread resistance , including general strikes , but he survived by maintaining the loyalty of the paraguayan army , which received 45% of the country 's budget .
son of spanish poet and writer jesús lópez pacheco who left spain for canada during the fascist francisco franco dictatorship .
on 28 october 1270 , together with latter , as " capitano del popolo " he started a joint dictatorship which ruled genoa for twenty years .
former president herbert hoover , argued that some ( but not all ) new deal programs were " fascist , " and that there was a presidential dictatorship .
it accused the grupo folha of mantaining liaisons with the dictatorship 's repressive bodies . "
he shows midnighter a future in which authority rule has reduced the world to a totalitarian dictatorship , and in which midnighter himself has become a brain - damaged despot .
a breakout of political prisoners at the federal penitentiary resulted in the death of one guard and the attempted flight of about 100 individuals who opposed the military dictatorship which followed the overthrow of president arturo illia .
the parliament ceased to function with the introduction of the austro - fascist dictatorship and the anschluß of austria to nazi germany in 1938 .
during the edsa revolution in 1986 dwan went off the air and ended its 12 years of broadcasting when rebel troops captured broadcast plaza brought to the downfall of the 20-year long dictatorship .
the royal dictatorship was brief .
at the end of the 8-year dictatorship , eleni vlahou came back to greece and opened " kathimerini " again , and rosita collaborated sporadically under the pseudonym of irene stavrou until 1987 when the newspaper was sold to the koskotas group .
this had ossified by then into an imperial hierarchy of rigid property rights , hard to distinguish from any other dictatorship .
