see of the disassembled statue .
after a severe assault during the winter of 2004 ( malicious arson ) , the fountain needed to be disassembled and underwent major restoration .
mpf is disassembled when anaphase - promoting complex ( apc ) polyubiquitinates cyclin b , marking it for degradation in a negative feedback loop .
similarly , not all the combinations that are mechanically possible from a disassembled cube are possible by manipulation of the puzzle .
it stored up to 500 megajoules of energy and was used as an extremely high - current source for experimentation from 1962 until it was disassembled in 1986 .
after assembly , each car was driven on public roads for to , then the engine was disassembled , the cylinders re - honed , valves touched up , and then reassembled and road tested again .
although the factory and village were torn down and disassembled in the 1940s , its population survived and formed the majority of the population of enterprise , a modern village located one mile away from the site of old nonpareil .
at the corner of rue louis - le - grand , palais berlitz built in the style of the 1930s in place of the pavillon de hanovre of the 18th century which has been disassembled and rebuilt in the park of sceaux .
two of the hullets were scrapped , and the other two were disassembled and remain on the site .
they were then disassembled , taken by ship to vladivostok , by the trans - siberian railroad to saint petersburg and nikolayev to be reassembled in russian shipyards .
the buildings were rapidly disassembled for their building materials and anything else of value .
the station survived world war ii without damage , but after may 1945 was disassembled by soviet occupation forces .
as of september 2006 , limited numbers of these weapons have been re - imported from russia to the united states as disassembled " spare parts kits " , the entire weapon less the receiver ( as required by federal law ) .
the rifle is notable for its portability ; it is less than in length when disassembled and weighs 3.25 pounds .
the first assembly was for fitting of all components , then the motorcycle was disassembled and all parts were painted or plated as needed , then the finished parts were assembled a final time .
u. s. army air forces ground crews were also on board , along with aircraft disassembled in crates : 52 douglas a-24 dive bombers and 18 curtiss p-40 fighter planes .
alternatively the history of archaeogeography could be rewritten : richard lane , program director in nsf 's division of earth sciences , said " the occurrence of this frog in madagascar and its relatives ' existence in south america provides strong evidence that the supercontinent gondwana ' disassembled ' during the latest part of the cretaceous . "
deliveries of landing craft to swpa had been slow because they had to be shipped as deck cargo on freighters bound for australia , limiting their numbers to about 60 per month , but a plan was developed to ship disassembled landing crafts and assemble them in australia .
when pushed in and rotated to the " s " position with the provided key , the lock disables the trigger and barrel and prevents the pistol from being disassembled .
those that had a pre - fab style were disassembled and removed from their sites after the depression .
the rifle can be quickly disassembled and carried in two man - portable packs , each weighting about 12 - 15 kg .
these filaments can be assembled or disassembled in a dynamic manner , meaning that changes in the length of the filament depend on the competing rates of filament addition and removal .
one of hoare 's men pulled his own , disassembled ak-47 from the concealed compartment in the luggage , assembled it , loaded it and shot the escaping customs man before he could reach the other side of the building .
the ship was subsequently disassembled after several years sitting in douglas trumbull 's personal storage facility .
the wagons had to be disassembled and floated down the treacherous columbia river and the animals herded over the rough lolo trail to get by mt. hood .
the network of narrow gauge railway , existing here after the war was disassembled and scrapped .
this smaller screen can be disassembled in a matter of hours whenever there is a cinerama presentation .
the family then disassembled the tent without any noted resistance .
partially disassembled , she was then loaded onto the after well deck of the collier for a voyage to the philippines as deck cargo along with her sister ship via the suez canal .
after the house is built on campus , it is disassembled and transported to washington d.c. for the solar decathlon , a month long competition .
they disassembled their starfighters and loaded them into mats c-124s which delivered them to air bases in germany and spain .
it survived until 1971 , despite being disassembled and reassembled entirely with swiss army knives , airlifted by helicopter , and inadvertently dropped onto a glacial moraine .
thus the clamp will not be actively disassembled while the polymerase remains bound .
by the start of november 2008 , all the tower cranes on the site of phase 3 had been disassembled due to it being put on hold .
the disassembled grandstands were transported to the watkins glen track .
the wildcat was disassembled following the accident .
any waveform can be disassembled into its spectral components by fourier analysis or fourier transformation .
logris was deactivated and disassembled into individual logrs during the forerunner crisis 3 million years ago .
although the location closed in 1992 , the mural remained on the vacant building until 1998 when it was disassembled and put into storage .
he is also able to extend his eyes out and can have his entire body harmlessly disassembled and extend his head out and move it around freely without moving the rest of his body .
however , the special edition was then disassembled by the publisher and very few of the original box editions remain intact .
the buildings are disassembled and then transported to the pioneer village for reassembly on site .
over the course of various wars several productions runs and variants were made , including the transition from the 6.5 mm type 38 to the larger 7.7 mm type 99 , and the introduction of a paratrooper rifle that could be disassembled into a compact shape for air - drop .
but there are tools that can obfuscate the code and do so that the code can not be disassembled but still be runnable .
then in 2003 the building was disassembled and restored .
the statues had been disassembled and placed inside one another and sealed with a thin layer of engraved copper bearing the titles and names of pepi i " on the first day of the jubilee " or heb sed feast .
the building was disassembled , transferred to the building site in hodgkins on kimball avenue , and reassembled .
" extremis " was the first iron man story arc after the " disassembled " story lines ( which ran through various marvel comics , but mainly affected the avengers ) , as well as the first story arc of the fourth volume of iron man overall .
the canadian model line nameplates were never sold in the u. s. they were built for the canadian market and for export from canada as disassembled " crate " or " kit " cars .
those who refused to sell lost their land through eminent domain , and most of the remaining structures were demolished or disassembled and moved out by the late 1960s .
the gate is being disassembled and moved back to its original location 14.5 meters to the south , and its wooden structure is again reconstructed in wood .
with its simplicity of design , sturdy construction , good seakeeping and the ease with which it could be disassembled and shipped via rail to virtually any point on the continent , the siebel ferry proved a highly useful and adaptable amphibious vessel for transporting supplies and vehicles across open water wherever needed by german forces .
disassembled transport was also used with heavy and super heavy weapons and lasted into the 1950s .
the company also uses “ flyaway systems ” , or which are freestanding satellite uplink systems that can be disassembled and transported in packing cases to the scene of an urgent news story .
some of the aircraft were partially disassembled and prepared for being loaded onboard ships for the trip across the atlantic ocean .
under the direction of museum staff , the aircraft was disassembled and moved by barge to its current home in mcminnville , oregon ( about one hour southwest of portland ) where it has been on display ever since .
kalten was the one who gave sparhawk his broken nose when they were , as kalten says , ' just playing around ' as young boys ( something aphrael nearly disassembled him for.)kalten was never good at speaking the styric tongue and as such , never got the hang of magic , much to sephrenia 's disappointment — although it turns out he understands more styric than he can pronounce .
a pair of oil - to - gas generators was built in 1937 and the old coal - gas facilities were disassembled .
in a sequence during the avengers disassembled storyline , wanda , again having no memory of her children , angrily confronted agatha about their existence .
if equipment has failed test and/or is not suitable for re - use , the product will be disassembled and materials and waste disposals are handed over to european approved down - stream recyclers .
the lake pontchartrain basin foundation has disassembled and stored the remains of the building and is raising money to restore it .
the grain elevator was disassembled in the 1980s , but the original homes of the townsite are still found in whyte ridge along mcgillivray boulevard , just to the north of the newer subdivision .
with no palatable job left after the university system was disassembled , he landed a newly created $ 240,000 job at the university of north florida .
a paintball marker should be disassembled and checked for problems routinely .
furniture was constantly shifted around , stored and often disassembled to suit the role the great room was playing at a particular time in the day or the month .
careful dimensioning of the win-3 habitat allows for thirty disassembled units to fit into a single high cube shipping container .
" cog " is a british television and cinema advertisement launched by honda in 2003 to promote seventh - generation honda accord cars . the advertisement follows a heath robinson contraption constructed from pieces from a disassembled accord .
some necklaces could be worn intact or temporarily disassembled into bracelets , pendants , hair ornaments or brooches with smart interchangeable components and locking systems .
jandor then disassembled the staff and gave each piece to one of the three powerful factions in the game : the fire knights of the fortress dün mir ( the halberd of horrendous ) , the wizards of castle galava ( the heart of nox ) , and the conjurers ' temple of ix ( the weirdling beast ) .
initially , on some routes ( there were several routes over the sierras here over time ) the wagons were disassembled and hoisted straight up various cliffs using multiple teams to get the wagon parts and goods to the top .
hercules becomes a drunkard , dismayed at the dissolution of the avengers during the " disassembled " storyline , and the destruction of asgard and disappearance of thor .
foulois and eight enlisted men disassembled s.c. no . 1 , shipped it to texas in 17 crates , and reassembled it after building a shelter on the arthur macarthur field use for cavalry drill .
the barn , the last remaining building , was disassembled and reassembled on a new foundation in 1985 and is in the process of restoration by the current owner .
when not in use , the win-3 habitats can be disassembled and returned to the container .
the carts themselves must be readied for pulling , as they are stored partly disassembled in warehouses .
some of these add - ins provide other languages that can be disassembled to , such as powershell , delphi and mc++ .
it takes three weeks to assemble and is disassembled after each easter season .
litters used in search and rescue often can be disassembled for easier carrying .
additionally , pieces can be disassembled and/or reused .
most of their films feature dolls , often partially disassembled , in a dark , moody atmosphere .
aircraft severely damaged in combat were disassembled and trucked to repair depots for major structural repair .
there was only one operational pump , two apparently having been disassembled , with a lot of water between decks and three and a half feet ( 1.1 m ) of water in the hold .
with this method , used goods are disassembled into pre - determined components and repaired to stock , ready to be reassembled into a remanufactured product .
concomitantly , the disassembled fragments will reassemble at the opposite polar end , reforming the mincde coil on the opposite pole while the current mincde helix is broken down .
the items can later be disassembled into their original components at no cost .
by this time , harris was working with wolfe and he arranged , disassembled and moved this collection of forty - eight rare windmills to lubbock .
in 1907 the building was sold to a local grain dealer who had it disassembled and moved by train to a resort on keeley island on lake shetek near currie , minnesota where it became the valhalla dance pavilion and cafe until it burnt down on march 3 , 1928 .
the company 's much smaller first - generation prototype unit , in operation since 2006 , is now being disassembled .
its key feature is that it can be disassembled for transport in backpacks or by pack horse .
another z - xii survived the war , being disassembled into parts in otrokovice .
smart cards can be physically disassembled by using acid , abrasives , or some other technique to obtain direct , unrestricted access to the on - board microprocessor .
the planes of the " pvo - strany " differed from those of the red air force in that they were designed for airfield use only ; they could n't take off from grass , only concrete runways , they could n't be towed for hundreds of kilometres from airfield to airfield by tractor across open fields ; they could n't be disassembled and shipped back to a maintenance center in a boxcar ; and they were by no means small as necessary and rudely simple , but huge and refined with large , powerful radars .
22 railway cars are necessary to transport it , yet it was disassembled after the cannstatter wasen in stuttgart in only 4 days and set up in freimarkt bremen again , which represents a considerable achievement of transportation logistics .
another of his experiments — perhaps a better description would be a display of his craftsmanship — was a guitar made like a chinese puzzle that could be assembled without glue , and disassembled would fit in a shoe box .
the participants were expected to assemble a two stroke engine from a complete disassembled form .
one lds researcher responds to the lack of evidence with a comparison to biblical archaeology , suggesting that though there are no archaeological evidences that any of the numerous ancient american civilizations used wheeled transportation , few chariot fragments have been found in the middle east dating to biblical times ( apart from the disassembled chariots found in tutankhamun 's tomb ) .
the basic idea was that if a solid conventional spindle is broken up in smaller segments ( in a way so it can be assembled and disassembled ) , it is possible to make compact spindles .
during the 1882 restoration , the whole mechanism was disassembled and transported to france , where it remained .
pack guns are similar in concept , but specifically refer to those guns that are meant to be disassembled into parts for movement , and are synonymous with mountain guns as infantry support weapons designed for use during mountain combat .
as the station is expected to be incorporated into a new commercial complex , the wood and metal frames were designed to be easily disassembled and then reconfigured , maintaining the artistic intention of the station and accommodating any future alterations to the skytrain line or development around it .
on the rokin was erected the mirakelkolom ( miracle column ) , though this was disassembled and raised for the construction of the north - south line of the amsterdam metro .
in the summer of 2003 the " belle " was disassembled and moved to a restoration facility in millington , tennessee for work .
after initially trapping this rolling stock on the virginia - controlled portion of the b&orr , jackson immediately " helped himself to four small locomotives not too heavy for the flimsy flat - bar rails of the winchester & potomac , and had them sent to winchester " where they were disassembled near fort collier , mounted onto special dollies and wagons , and hauled by 40-horse teams " down the valley turnpike to the [ manassas gap ] railroad at strasburg " , reassembled and placed back on the tracks " which connected with the virginia central and the entire railroad system of the confederacy . " .
the m 05 was adapted for use in narrow mountain paths as the m 05/08 and could be disassembled into 3 loads .
when the " maine monument " was installed on its site , the cast - iron elements were disassembled and stored , to be re - erected on the hernshead in the 1950s .
in order to ship the ferry , crews disassembled it into 57,159 pieces and shipped it around cape horn .
the machine worked three months , then was disassembled and replaced by convenient hydropower , despite paying off its costs in this three months .
the sandwich type has a head that may be unscrewed from the body of the razor and disassembled for inserting a new blade .
greene disassembled the bomb himself , removed the dynamite , and brought the rest of the package to the cleveland police lieutenant , edward kovacic .
when ordvac was completed , it was tested at the university of illinois and then disassembled and shipped to aberdeen proving ground in maryland .
the original ferries serving the uganda railway in the early 1900s , were built in britain , disassembled , transported in parts by sea to mombasa and by rail to kisumu and reassembled .
items that have not been treated with dangerous chemicals or metals , are not entrapment hazards and can not be disassembled or broken by large birds are recommended .
camp eden was disassembled in august - september 2004 when dancon 's aor doubled in size due to an expansion further south .
as of 1998 , the lewisite production unit was still not completely disassembled .
access to a functioning firearm can be prevented by keeping the firearm disassembled and the parts stored at separate locations .
the story is set in the time between the " avengers disassembled " storyline and the beginning of " new avengers " .
soon after , wolverine is recruited by the new avengers , because he is willing to " cross the lines they refuse to cross ; " after the events of " avengers disassembled , " iron man recognizes the need to have someone who is prepared to kill on the team should something like what happened to the scarlet witch occur again .
considering that the guns were designed to be disassembled it 's not too surprising that they could n't stand the abuse moving through the shell - pocketed front lines on the western front .
the aircraft was disassembled for parts at clark air base , philippines between march and oct 1958 , and it is believed that this plane was eventually scrapped .
the cast - iron tower was disassembled , moved and reassembled at the new location .
travellers are then disassembled by the originating gate , transferred as a matter stream with reassembly instructions to the receiving gate , which then reassembles them upon arrival .
the jesuit priests lived inside an area of jesuit high school that contains a chapel ( known as holy name chapel ) of the same architectural design ( the chapel was disassembled then moved from immaculate conception college to jesuit 's present location ) ; however the chapel has a stained - glass dome , and the walls are wood .
in 2000 , the fountain was removed from it site , disassembled , and put into storage .
some cartridges can be disassembled ( carefully , lest you dump the toner contents all over yourself ) .
a take - down lever allows the pistol to be disassembled without tools by the user .
it also disassembled into six loads for transport .
no longer a cyborg , he resurfaces in the first issues of " stars and s.t.r.i.p.e. " , lending to pat dugan some components of his own disassembled robotic body in order to perfect the s.t.r.i.p.e. suit of armor .
today , the engine is partially disassembled for the mandated 15-year federal railroad administration inspection .
commander keen first encounters the vorticons on mars in episode 1 , " marooned on mars " , when he discovers they have disassembled his spaceship and scattered the pieces across the planet .
" spirit of communication " , a bronze statue that had stood for 64 years on the top of at&t 's previous headquarters building at 195 broadway , was disassembled and relocated to the lobby of 550 madison in 1983 .
additionally such a buffer may be feasible when a large block of data is assembled or disassembled ( as required by a storage device ) , or when data may be delivered in a different order than that in which it is produced .
this was disassembled and the field was returned to its original state .
the x - men discovered a disassembled karima , along with lady mastermind in a lab of the fordyce clinic that was testing on mutants to see if someone can catch mutation like a disease .
the father - son duo painstakingly disassembled the locomotive , moved it to their shop in ashley , indiana and over the course of the following ten years returned it to service .
heat staking has the advantage that parts can be disassembled .
an interesting sequence shows an indian army gun crew unlimbering a mountain battery , a small field piece that was disassembled and transported on the backs of pack animals .
if necessary , they could also be disassembled and shipped to a new location .
cannonball and iceman find a comatose regan , along with a partially disassembled karima shapandar .
starting in issue # 25 of invincible iron man , tony will apparently create and design a new armor in the aftermath of the stark : disassembled storyline .
by this point , it is clear that a supernatural force is at work : security is being prevented from getting onto the stage by an invisible and extremely resilient wall , and the cameras are physically disassembled but are still transmitting over the air .
his major innovation was the use of ready - made sections of light , narrow gauge track fastened to steel sleepers ; this track was portable and could be disassembled and transported very easily .
after the american revolution the owner moved to malden , the new british fort across the river . disassembled and moved by canoe in 1798 , the house was rebuilt in amherstburg on lot 17 , first street ( presently dalhousie street ) .
" brikwars " uses " minifigs " ( usually lego minifigures or equivalent miniature figures from other construction toy brands ) as small soldiers , and terrain constructed from construction bricks or random objects found near the playing area . while the game can be played with completely non - construction - toy related objects , such as action figures , stuffed animals , or tin soldiers , the rules lend themselves best to figures and structures which can be easily disassembled and reconstructed .
aside from the fact that they were sold in a disassembled manner and featured more complicated gimmicks ( such as spring - loaded shooting fists ) , the giant robot factory toys feature a very similar aesthetic to their predecessors and are considered by most collectors to be part of the same series .
after initially trapping this rolling stock on the virginia - controlled portion of the baltimore & ohio , jackson immediately " helped himself to four small locomotives not too heavy for the flimsy flat - bar rails of the winchester & potomac , and had them sent to winchester " where they were disassembled near fort collier , mounted onto special dollies and wagons , and hauled by 40-horse teams " down the valley turnpike to the [ manassas gap ] railroad at strasburg " .
after more flash flooding severely damaged the set in 1998 , a team of volunteers and employees of the bureau of land management disassembled the wreckage and replaced the structures in 1999–2001 .
" stark : disassembled " ( # 20 - 24 ) .
simple raised , wooden tribunals that could be assembled , disassembled and moved where needed .
the plane was disassembled into major components in 1947 , transported to long beach on then - rural roads , and reassembled .
when the germans seized control of france during world war ii , the ' million franc delahaye ' was disassembled and hidden by sentimental french patriots to prevent it from falling into german hands , and its whereabouts subsequently became unknown .
as settlement developed the trails became a " common carrier " for all manner of goods that could be carried by ox cart , including lamps and coal oil to burn in them , fine cloth , books , general merchandise , champagne , sheet - metal stoves , disassembled farm machinery and at least one piano , and a printing press and other accoutrements for the first newspaper in the fort garry region .
shortly thereafter , the museum 's displays and collections in the basement of the state 's financial building were gradually disassembled and their collections were dispersed to various state universities .
the tin woodman and the scarecrow , now stuffed with paper money that is worthless in oz except as stuffing , return to winkie country with jack pumpkinhead , the gump is disassembled at his request ( though his head , which was a hunting trophy , can still speak ) , glinda returns to her palace in quadling country , the wogglebug remains as ozma 's advisor , and the saw - horse becomes her personal steed .
with the completion of critical testing , " enterprise " was partially disassembled to allow certain components to be reused in other shuttles , then underwent an international tour visiting france , germany , italy , the united kingdom , canada , and the u.s. states of california , alabama , and louisiana ( during the 1984 louisiana world exposition ) .
the builders of the basilica had disassembled this structure into 1600 pieces , and incorporated it into the new church in its original form .
the prototype was completed quickly and ready for flight tests by late september 1948 after being disassembled and transported to tyoplyy stan airfield on the outskirts of moscow .
originally destined for construction in africa , the french company director charles la forgue found it disassembled in belgium and bought it in 1894 , probably to alleviate the nostalgia of the french community who missed the lifestyle and glamour of the european architecture .
the ma-1 was unique for being able to be disassembled with all working parts stored within the stock .
the tunnel was first established at the university in 1949 after being disassembled and transported from pelzerhaken , germany after the second world war .
piers , ideal for landing of troops , and situated in large numbers along the south coast of england , were disassembled , blocked or otherwise destroyed .
for years , cassie visits her father whenever possible , much to her mother and stepfather 's chagrin , until the events of " avengers disassembled " , when scott lang is killed due to the actions of an insane scarlet witch .
the camera is disassembled for film loading by removing the lens .
this is due in large part to sediment build up over the centuries before the structure began to be disassembled .
the earlier arenas were temporary structures that were disassembled after the event .
during her 1961 scrapping at the italian port of la spezia , her bridge superstructure was disassembled and shipped to the museo della scienza in milano .
disassembled by bizzarrini by 1970 , he finished it as a commission in 1974 or 1975 .
he later returns to pc with the pc - drome , but has disassembled the army of doombots on board to create a ladder with which to enter the base , which he had parked in flight mode .
turbines 7 and 9 were too damaged and are being disassembled .
the first prototype fu 24 flew on 14 june 1954 in the united states , then was disassembled for shipment to new zealand , together with the ( unflown ) second prototype .
the log house from the newman ranch was disassembled and moved to its new location in the home valley , making it the first building erected at the newly formed spade ranch .
by the spring of 2009 , considerable preparatory work had been accomplished , but the fuselage and wings were still disassembled .
they were brought to the reservoir in pieces , assembled on site and then disassembled before being hauled away in trucks .
greene disassembled the bomb himself , removed the dynamite , and brought the rest of the package to the cleveland police lieutenant , edward kovacic .
with an ingeniously disassembled wooden boat on pack mules , doane and his party traveled up the yellowstone river from fort ellis eventually reaching yellowstone lake on october 24 , well behind schedule because of deep snows and brutal cold .
unlike small caliber guns which can be field - stripped , the guns aboard an " iowa "- class battleship can not be disassembled , so the gunners mates assigned the job of cleaning the rifles require a full day or more to ensure that the barrels are correctly and adequately cleaned .
the hungerford tower was disassembled in 1996 and placed behind the tweed heritage centre .
wollaston is locally famous for wollaston hall , which once stood in the village but was disassembled and shipped abroad to an unknown location in north america it has been established that panelling and a fireplace from the hall are now in the edsel and eleanor ford house in grosse pointe shores , michigan , a building that bears a striking resemblance to the original hall .
żak-3 sp - aax is preserved in the polish aviation museum in kraków ( disassembled as for 2007 )
in 2004 , the poof - slinky company remanufactured the original 1960 version ( using the actual ideal molds whenever possible ) , which made the original sounds and could be disassembled , and with the intention of being marketed to nostalgic adults as a collectible .
xander and cordelia work together in the hallway to kill the worm assassin ; since he can only be destroyed in his " disassembled state " , they lure the worms underneath a door into a sticky trap .
the sharing of bogies also means that a talent unit can not be easily disassembled or rearranged without the assistance of a railway yard .
the coquina stone building was disassembled in sections and moved to lummas park which is another miami riverfront site worth visiting sits on the north side of the miami river at nw 4th avenue and nw 3rd street .
although the ride was disassembled , the station was left intact and now serves as " mavericks on - ride photo booth and queue .
the guns used at the facility were disassembled , removed and shipped to southern queensland while construction materials from the demolished buildings as well as a large amount of remaining equipment , machinery and plumbing were auctioned to local residents .
the reserve and surplus pits and pits recovered from disassembled nuclear weapons , over 12,000 pieces , are stored in the pantex plant .
some clarinets have a single joint : on some basset horns and larger clarinets the two joints are held together with a screw clamp and are usually not disassembled for storage .
it was then transported by sea , then disassembled and carried on by horse - cart to loch katrine where it was re - assembled using rivets .
the members were strip searched and held for hours , while the van was disassembled by the customs officials .
by age eight , he had backed the family car over a three foot wall , by ten had disassembled the family furnace , and by eleven , took his family to town frequently , having finally mastered driving .
of his early polyptychs , only one , the altarpiece from ascoli piceno , survives complete in its original frame ; all the others have been disassembled and their panels and predella scenes are divided among the world 's museums .
also featured during the halftime show were a group of high school marching bands , who played stevie ray vaughn 's " crossfire " while zz top 's stage was disassembled .
during mitosis , the lamina matrix is reversibly disassembled as the lamin proteins are phosphorylated .
being as faithful to the original 1987 release as possible , the " i am 8-bit " crew disassembled hundreds of vintage nes cartridges , magnetized them , and inserted mini " asset " cds inside , featuring an array of screenshots , character art , etc .
in a process called " grand ravalement " , many of the surviving ruckers instruments were disassembled and reassembled , with new soundboard material and case construction adding extra notes to their range .
all superformance cars are originally built at hi - tech automotive 's plant in port elizabeth , south africa before they are disassembled for shipping .
in 1883 the county seat was moved to nearby baird ; even the stone jailhouse was disassembled , transported in pieces , and re - assembled at its current location in baird .
similarly , the requirement that any firearm in the home be disassembled or bound by a trigger lock is unconstitutional , as it " makes it impossible for citizens to use arms for the core lawful purpose of self - defense " .
the homestead site on goosenest prairie , about south of charleston , illinois , is preserved as the lincoln log cabin state historic site , although his original saddlebag log cabin was lost after being disassembled and shipped to chicago for display at the 1893 world 's columbian exposition .
if disassembled , most 9 volt batteries can easily provide a supply of aaaa batteries .
the decoy is also practical : when disassembled , it weighs only fifty pounds , and is roughly the same size as a duffel bag .
the aircraft could be disassembled and transported by railroad if needed .
the curtis - wright reactor was disassembled and its fuel returned to the aec .
craig was close to calling the gla quits , when the real avengers were disassembled and craig happily rejoiced that they were now the real avengers .
within the limits of these works the water tray has been blocked ; granite pools at the bridge have existed prior to the beginning 20th century when have been disassembled as superfluous .
the woodside town council granted the permit a year later , in may , 2009 , with the condition that jobs must allow the house to be disassembled and moved elsewhere .
as a result , regularly used firearms must be periodically partially disassembled , cleaned and lubricated to ensure the firearm ’s reliability .
once the muscles have been eaten , the carcass is disassembled and the hyenas carry off pieces to eat in peace .
on 4 june 1915 , after being disassembled into three sections and transported by rail to pola for reassembling , " ub-1 " was handed over to the austro - hungarian navy and commissioned as " u-10 " under the command of " linienschiffsleutnant " karl edler von unczowski .
the ntw can be disassembled and packed into two backpacks for carriage .
a railroad spur was built , with a right - of - way from the northern main line to haul supplies and equipment , as well as disassembled aircraft and munitions to the base .
in may 2009 , mall management announced that the philadelphia toboggan company carousel located in the food court , and on the national register of historic places , would be disassembled and removed by june 14 , 2009 .
hunting island ’s lighthouse was designed to be disassembled and moved if required .
since the ic players could be taken home , candidates around japan disassembled the devices at home , finding that the players used sony 's memory stick for storage of the exam .
in 1914 two 204-ton , 50-man patrol craft of british design and built at mare island naval shipyard were disassembled , shipped to china , and reassembled in shanghai .
though the aircraft could still fly , lelystad airport was too small to handle such a large aircraft so the aircraft was partially disassembled and moved over water on a barge .
" worden " subsequently returned to the washington navy yard where her guns were disassembled for alterations .
the tower was disassembled during late 2007 and early 2008 .
carvings created from a single piece of wood are normally considered of higher quality than those assembled from multiple pieces , although elements such as ears and horns are frequently carved separately and fitted into holes so they can be disassembled and shipped safely .
kree soldiers also appeared during " avengers disassembled " , when they attacked the earth and were driven off by the avengers ; in the process , hawkeye was killed .
" young avengers " follows the events of the " avengers disassembled " storyline .
this has been in place in light of claims made by a former developer and a third party in separate incidents that the project has either contained disassembled assembly code from windows , or files directly originating from microsoft .
the francis ii monument was designed by jean perréal ; it was disassembled and buried for safekeeping during the french revolution .
the chicago picasso sculpture was fabricated by u. s. steel in gary , indiana before being disassembled and relocated to chicago
they have the flexibility to have their height increased according to the needs of the farm and purchasing power of the farmer , or to be completely disassembled and reinstalled somewhere else if no longer needed .
lightnin ' loops would shut down at the end of july to be disassembled and for construction of batman to begin .
the dredges were then disassembled and the heavy wooden barges were left to slowly be reclaimed by nature .
a railway was opened in 1897 and extended in the following years , but at the end of world war ii the railway history of radegast came to an end because the railway was disassembled as reparation payment to the soviet union .
the aircraft can be assembled and disassembled without tools in the field within five minutes .
unaware of the delay of " chesapeake " , " constitution " continued patrols , arriving in late june at leghorn where she took aboard the disassembled tripoli monument for transport back to the united states .
for longer distances the " karl - gerät " was disassembled using a special mobile crane into seven loads .
then workers shifted to removing the bridge deck using cranes and excavators equipped with hoe rams to break the concrete structural steel was then disassembled by cranes , and the concrete piers were removed by excavators .
likewise , the fabuland collection , produced in the 1980s , consisted of larger anthropomorphized animal characters , which also could not be easily disassembled .
they serve to hold body pins when the rifle is disassembled .
in the early 1990s the aircraft was disassembled and moved indoors to hangar space at the factory where it was built , donated by lockheed aircraft .
in december 1995 , the german computing journal c't disassembled the program and determined that it did not even attempt to do what it was meant to do .
germany hindered the transit of the aircraft , consequently , the fiats were disassembled and embarked in la spezia on the norwegian ship " braga " , that set sail on 20 january , bound for turku , finland .
after he died , the islamabad gallery was disassembled and some two hundred paintings were unaccounted for and the frere hall gallery is closed for all practical purposes because of the security reasons .
nine years later , it was bought by candymaker charles f. gunther , disassembled , and moved to chicago , illinois , where it was rebuilt to serve as a war museum .
the wheel is currently ( feb 2010 ) fully disassembled , with only the support structure standing .
the delivery of the letter led to the release of the u.s. crew from chinese custody , as well as the eventual return of the disassembled plane .
by 1982 , welch had disassembled much of the earlier management put together by jones .
plasticville buildings are a simple design , made of walls that snap together , permitting them to be assembled without glue and easily disassembled again for storage .
her materials were then disassembled and shipped around cape horn in the sailing ship " aquila " to san francisco , calif. , where " aquila " sank on 14 november 1863 .
the building construction would be disassembled and the coaster itself ( which had not even begun to be assembled ) would be sent to another park in the future .
the car was completely disassembled , rebuilt , and repainted by late 1982 .
" avengers disassembled " is a crossover event between several marvel comics series .
stark disassembled .
the aircraft could be easily disassembled and put on a trailer for home storage .
hal goes to check on micah and finds that micah has disassembled the laptop .
the vision was disassembled and stripped of his emotions .
the snrnps are very long - lived , but are assumed to be eventually disassembled and degraded .
the bridge was firstly decorated with attractive wrought irons , but they were all disassembled when phra pin - klao bridge was built in 1973 .
after the dons left for denbigh , the supplementary seating was disassembled , returning the capacity to 4,000 .
the wall of sound was disassembled , and when the dead began touring again in 1976 , it was with a more logistically practical sound system .
the coaster was disassembled at the end of the 2006 season .
