the summer of 1956 saw evans involved in two controversies , first over the sale of the trinidad oil company to the texas oil company , and second over his allegation that the united states was discriminating against british shipping .
with the cmsn 's leader reluctant to break with france and mauritania , the country refused to give in to polisario demands for a troop retreat , and ould salek 's careless handling of the ethnic issue ( massively discriminating against black africans in nominating for government posts ) contributed to further unrest .
district parents carl ho , charlene wong loen , and jane chen filed the 1994 lawsuit charging the school district and the naacp of discriminating against their children based on race .
additionally , union hiring halls are prohibited by law from discriminating between union members and non - members , so any worker can go through the hiring halls to be hired on a pla project .
the old orthochromatic film stock of the early days was less discriminating about a person 's color , as were black and white stocks in general , permitting some african - american actors a break , as their " color " was washed out or less obvious when photographed in black and white .
jews for jesus sued the jcrcny for violating its civil rights ; the decision upheld a lower court ruling that the jcrcny communication did not " go beyond the proposal stage " and that there was no evidence that any of the long island rabbis had actually contacted establishments for the purpose of discriminating against jews for jesus .
in 2002 , the university eliminated five men 's athletic teams and one women 's team in order to comply with title ix rules prohibiting activities that receive federal assistance from discriminating on the basis of gender .
pierre olivier louveaux , who went to the camps with a caritas humanitarian mission , accuses the refugee camp administration of discriminating treatment between refugees , and the polisario of having set up a " system of clientelism that enables the leaders to keep a strong hold over the population .
tvb reported it had received 15 complaints claiming the series is bad influence to children , contains vulgar dialogues , discriminating buck teeth and villainize wong fei hung .
during an official visit to mexico , uruguayan president tabaré vázquez said that " while leaders are talking about an integration process , one of these countries " ( argentina ) " is discriminating against another one with a blockade . "
they then used this data to determine the optimal discriminating threshold between normal and abnormal hrt values , and came up with the values ts=2.5 , to=0% .
although the plaintiff accused the state of discriminating in practice against black citizens , the court found that the requirements applied to all citizens and refused to undertake overseeing the state 's process .
currently , there are no laws against discriminating against one based on their sexual orientation or gender identity .
boards are being sold at discriminating skate board shops .
instead , there was a in which the company agreed to stop discriminating against voice over ip traffic and to make a $ 15,000 payment to the us treasury in exchange for the fcc dropping its inquiry .
officially , members of the regiment are prohibited from discriminating against or harassing gay soldiers ; such activities , however , are tolerated by officers , to the extent that one conscript described the regiment as " the most homophobic environment that exists " .
based on the 1993 i.r.s. decision granting scientology tax - exempt status , the u.s. state department formally criticized germany for discriminating against scientologists and began to note scientologists ' complaints of harassment and discrimination in its annual human rights reports , starting from the 1993 report .
practitioners of one branch of the native american religion perceive the regulations regarding the use of peyote and the eagle feather law in the united states as discriminating .
to quote her obituary in the " croydon advertiser " , december 13 , 1924 , mrs. king lewis left behind " the practical results and inspiring memory of a wonderful life of discriminating service for others . "
comparatively , apex methods have greater discriminating power than methods using this differential hybridization , as it is often impossible to obtain the optimal hybridization conditions for the thousands of probes on dna microarrays ( usually this is addressed by having highly redundant probes ) .
federal law , on the other hand , preempts most state statutes that would bar employers from discriminating against employees to prevent them from obtaining pensions or other benefits or retaliating against them for asserting those rights .
the practice of informally segregating and discriminating based on race has always existed .
shortly after making her first appearance on " blue peter " , the bbc received complaints after it was alleged that her job was only advertised in northern ireland and scotland , meaning they were potentially discriminating against people with certain regional accents .
however they were not as discriminating as rflp .
while being consistent with the charter and not discriminating , we want to make absolutely sure that we draft a policy that makes sense .
his current statistical interests are statistical methods and applications in medicine , acting mainly in discriminating separated models , likelihood and bayesian inference , time series , survival analysis , neural networks in statistics .
this follows from the observation that lesbians , like heterosexual females , are more discriminating and selective than males with regard to sex and sexual partners .
critic john simon wrote : " many are the knowledgeable and discriminating people for whom rodgers and hammerstein 's south pacific , brilliantly co - written and staged by joshua logan , was the greatest musical of all . "
the act prevents public airlines from discriminating against individuals based on disabilities .
it prohibits a federal , state , or local governmental entity from denying or interfering with a woman 's right to exercise such choices ; or discriminating against the exercise of those rights in the regulation or provision of benefits , facilities , services , or information .
specifically , people may start highlighting their ethnic particularities and discriminating against ethnic others .
non - discriminating employers can gain an edge in the competitive market by hiring women and minorities , thereby reducing occupational inequality .
on october 10 , 2008 , the connecticut supreme court overturned the state 's civil - unions statute ( 2005 ) , as unconstitutionally discriminating against same - sex couples , and required the state to recognize same - sex marriages .
less discriminating items provide less information but over a wider range .
william morris , also a discriminating collector of medieval art , absorbed medieval style more thoroughly into his work , as did william burges .
this complainant may bypass the eeo process and go directly to a u.s. district court and file a civil action naming the head of an allegedly discriminating agency , so long as the complainant gives the commission at least 30 days’ written notice of the intent to file such action . “
the buddhist jogye order has accused the lee government of discriminating against buddhism and favoring christianity by ignoring certain buddhist temples but including christian churches in certain public documents .
they will lose their shrouding ability and regress into a highly aggressive stage , not discriminating in who or what they attack , including their vorta superiors and peers .
in 2007 , for example , five women were charged with " endangering national security " and sentenced to prison for collecting over a million signatures supporting the abolishment of laws discriminating against women .
as secondary guns grew in size , spotting and discriminating between splashes of main and secondary guns became problematic .
software solutions use either multiple dns server processes on the same hardware or special server software with the built - in capability of discriminating access to dns zone records .
" eeoc v. sterling jewelers inc. " on september 24 , 2008 , federal officials charged sterling jewelers with discriminating against female employees by paying them less than their male counterparts and denying promotions to them .
the show also aimed to impart discriminating distinctions so that listeners will become skilled in forming their own opinions .
initial use indicated that the inventory was effective in differentiating various subjective effects of drugs and in discriminating some similarities and differences of naturally occurring and experimentally induced behavioral abnormalities .
on the other hand , german fiscal policies continued discriminating against polish interests .
on december 21 , 2007 , telekomunikacja polska was fined pln 75 million ( approximately eur 20.7 million ) by the polish office for competition and consumer protection , for discriminating against its competitors on the internet services market .
in return for these concessions , the danish cabinet rejected german demands for legislation discriminating against denmark 's jewish minority .
a paraconsistent logic is a logical system that attempts to deal with contradictions in a discriminating way .
these include indestructibility , incorruptible purity , non - discriminating openness , flawless clarity , profound simplicity , all - pervading presence and equality within all beings ( i.e. , the quality , quantity and functionality of this awareness is exactly the same in every being in the universe ) .
they were not discriminating and endau was not spared later .
additionally , no sensing means was proposed for discriminating among the three possible outcomes of an attempted dimer placement —
a number of laws and acts were however explicitly repealed , including all constitutional acts , all laws discriminating against jews , all acts against " secret societies " ( e.g. freemasons ) , and all acts creating special tribunals .
following the axing of the family , actor ameet chana accused the bbc of discriminating against the family , saying , " i 'm not afraid to admit that the ferreira family have been treated like [ shit ] .
as a publisher , he was characterized by a somewhat rare combination of keen business acumen and sound , discriminating literary taste , and as a man he was known for his geniality and charm of manner .
the government agencies , busy with discriminating and persecuting jewish germans and gentile germans of jewish descent , learned their lessons from public unease with the open terror in the november pogroms .
because the bsa prohibits its members from being openly homosexual or atheist , the aclu believed these public services were discriminating against such people .
according to her critics , she has supported a policy discriminating against school - children using the romanian alphabet and supported the promotion of a separate moldavian language written in the cyrillic script .
allowing this freedom will also prevent internet service providers from discriminating against content and competing services that they do n’t support or agree with .
humanity is the state in which the discriminating awareness and the thinking mind are most highly developed .
some protesting residents accused the managers of discriminating against latino residents .
joe gutmann , the prosecutor in batson 's 1982 trial , has said that the supreme court 's decision was " a good one " because it prevents lawyers from discriminating in jury selection .
the reason for the large number of different odor receptors is to provide a system for discriminating between as many different odors as possible .
critics contend , on the other hand , that the rule would excuse many instances of racial discrimination , since it is possible for a discriminating party to hide its true intention .
sukarno also established government control over media and book publishing as well as laws discriminating against chinese permanent residents ( china totok ) .
" ten master pieces for discriminating woodwind performers " ( various w.w . trios , or two clarinets and piano )
based in san anselmo california , sonic studio , llc continues to manufacture products that address the needs of the world ’s most discriminating audio professionals with powerful pcm and dsd origination , editing and processing capabilities , and integrated premastering for both cd , sacd and rich media distribution .
schwartz has voted for legislation prohibiting insurance companies from discriminating against people with aids .
on their adventures outside of the apartment , the couple is faced with the harsh reality of a discriminating society but is comforted by the innocent sanctity of their shared love .
or perhaps one should say in the irish mind , for this was a notion that appealed to many educated and discriminating men and women , and not only to the revolutionary minority ...
the proceedings were successful and the bishop was found to have acted unlawfully by discriminating against the youth officer because of his sexuality .
the array ’s high specificity allows discriminating homologous family members .
according to the us gay and lesbian medical association ( glma ) , besides hiv / aids , issues related to lgbt health include breast and cervical cancer , hepatitis , mental health , substance abuse , tobacco use , depression , access to care for transgender persons , issues surrounding marriage and family recognition , conversion therapy , and refusal clause legislation , and laws that are intended to " immunize health care professionals from liability for discriminating against persons of whom they disapprove . "
beginning her career as a manicurist in a san francisco hotel , doraldina 's rise to fame and stardom came as a fitting climax to a career during which she put forth every effort to please a discriminating public .
sydenham attracted to him in warm friendship some of the most discriminating men of his time , such as boyle and john locke .
the treatment is instantly popular , but this upsets the original star - bellied sneetches , as they are in danger of losing their method for discriminating between sneetches .
in his book , he claims that the elite organizations have very exclusive and discriminating acceptance policies .
" research has also shown this leads adults to stay within their own perspective , thus discriminating against children through adultism .
more state - of - the - art commercial laboratories now recommend testing at least 25 markers , since the more markers tested , the more discriminating and powerful the results will be .
other discriminating factors regarding conscription include age , with a preference for younger draftees , and residency , since only those in the u.s. may be drafted .
throughout his time on council , silva complained that insurance firms were discriminating against residents of his ward .
good bye’ ( assalamu alaikum ) to the west pakistani authority who was systematically discriminating against east pakistan .
the book received an enthusiastic review in the " new york times " upon its original publication , which called it " a novel of remarkable power , " and which read in part " its varied elements are harmoniously blended , and the discriminating reader who has completed the whole story in a protracted sitting or two must rise from it with the conviction that there are no parts of it which do not properly and essentially belong to the whole .
discriminating tendencies of cytidine and uridine towards stacking interactions –a phenomenon of biological significance .
the critic peter davison praised this anthology in the " atlantic monthly " for uncovering an important chapter of american literary history : bradley " introduces each selection with a brief identification of its author , and prefaces his anthology with introductory matter amounting to nearly a hundred pages of graceful , witty , and discriminating prose that combines aesthetic perception , historical understanding , and publishing shrewdness .
the then general secretary of the norwegian humanist association , lars gule , also stated that the organisation " uses a hateful and vulgar language with a clearly discriminating content " .
there is no basis for discriminating because all are
among the most discriminating of his critics was frederick the great , who is said to have invited folard to berlin .
animals and young children are not creating new karma ( and thus can not affect their future destiny ) as they are incapable of discriminating between right and wrong .
in either case , we know the shape has corners , so we can return true without discriminating which case we are in .
he was discriminating in his choice of wood and he clearly preferred to fashion the backs out of one piece .
of the five justices voting to overturn the death penalty , two found capital punishment to be unconstitutionally cruel and unusual , while three found that the statutes at issue were implemented in a random and capricious fashion , discriminating against blacks and the poor . " furman v. georgia " did not hold — even though it is sometimes claimed that it did — that capital punishment is " per se " unconstitutional .
scalable social network analysis ( ssna ) aimed at developing techniques based on social network analysis for modeling the key characteristics of terrorist groups and discriminating these groups from other types of societal groups .
lord ellesmere was a munificent and yet discriminating patron of artists .
he has said that the hindu society , which is founded on the principle of unity in diversity , should address inherent deficiency of discriminating against its own ilk and that the people of the community should strive to remove such discriminatory attitudes prevalent in society , and a beginning should be made from the homes of every hindu .
the " o tempo " newspaper announced the event , stating that conde koma would show the main " jiu - jitsu " techniques , discriminating the prohibited ones .
the lad prohibits employers from discriminating in any job - related action , including recruitment , interviewing , hiring , promotions , discharge , compensation and the terms , conditions and privileges of employment on the basis of any of the law 's specified protected categories .
a panegyric is a formal public speech , or ( in later use ) written verse , delivered in high praise of a person or thing , a generally highly studied and discriminating eulogy , not expected to be critical .
robinsons galleria is a 5-level shopping mall with more than 400 shops , dining outlets , entertainment facilities and service centers that satisfy the discriminating tastes of students , executives and families from the surrounding areas and beyond .
some muslims considered the 1996 law against female genital mutilation ( fgm ) as discriminating against their religious practices and continued performing the procedure .
vacl or vacl ports can be much more discriminating of the traffic they forward than a standard span port .
in particular , evans argues that a person must have a " discriminating conception " of the object ( 1982 , p. 65 ) .
indians accuse africans for discriminating during the oil boom years , crime , nepotism and attention of their blackness to the western world .
takeno is asserting that he has developed a robot capable of discriminating between a self - image in a mirror and any other having an identical image to it , and this claim has already been reviewed .
the supreme court has recognized national origin and religion , among others , as suspect classes ; it therefore analyzes any statutes discriminating against these classes under strict scrutiny .
the age discrimination in employment act ( adea ) , enacted in 1968 and amended in 1978 and 1986 , prohibits employers from discriminating on the basis of age .
the company 's carousels were preferred among discriminating clients , for their elaborate carvings and elegant decorations .
his later variations in color were almost a mockery of discriminating perception .
the art of the producer , applied with lavish , yet discriminating hand and the talents of the star make ' sex ' superlative entertainment and food for thought . "
cuba , under atheist fidel castro , succeeded in reducing the church 's ability to work by deporting the archbishop and 150 spanish priests , discriminating against catholics in public life and education and refusing to accept them as members of the communist party .
his knowledge of the middle ages is inadequate , and his criticisms are not discriminating .
the winners reserve " bragging rights " to claim that their language is " the programming tool of choice for discriminating hackers " .
dolphins have also been recently discovered to be capable of discriminating between numbers
her work with the chairman of the house rules committee , democrat louise slaughter ( d - ny ) led to the enactment of the genetic information nondiscrimination act ( h.r. 493 ) ; which bars employers and insurers from discriminating against individuals on the basis of their genes .
in 2006 , allstate insurance co. agreed to change the way it uses credit reports in setting auto and homeowners insurance policies as part of a nationwide settlement . james hoyer and two other firms negotiated the settlement after suing allstate for discriminating against african - americans and hispanics by charging higher premiums based on the minorities ' credit scores .
robert trivers ' theory of parental investment predicts that the sex making the largest investment in lactation , nurturing and protecting offspring will be more discriminating in mating and that the sex that invests less in offspring will compete for access to the higher investing sex ( see bateman 's principle ) .
h. heurippa males given a choice between mating with females of h. heurippa , h. cydno , or h. melpomene species were 75 to 90 percent more likely to choose their own kind , and similarly discriminating when presented with photographs of wing patterns instead of actual mates .
this resulted in a highly publicized operation refusal crackdown on drivers who were allegedly discriminating against certain passengers for various bias - related reasons .
the nazi regime instituted laws discriminating against jews and thus needed a working definition of who is a jew .
the successor to albert sing had large shoes to fill ; average performance was no longer acceptable to the discriminating bernese supporters .
this application is open to the public and is non - discriminating ; however , as a result there is a very likely chance that you will stumble across both nudity and profanity as you chat , as well as internet predators .
this was criticized as a result by rodolfo acuña , a chicano studies professor , as " a pretext and a negative justification for discriminating against us latinos in the context of us history . "
duke 's collection of islamic art was assembled over 60 years and reflects her discriminating taste while celebrating the diversity of the islamic world .
he made his money as a banker and was also a discriminating art collector .
under the " knight " decision , any action against manufacturing monopolies would need to be taken by individual states , making such regulation extremely difficult with regards to out - of - state monopolies because states are prohibited from discriminating against out - of - state goods by , among other things , the dormant commerce clause and article i section 10 of the u.s. constitution .
states are prohibited from discriminating against citizens of other states with respect to their basic rights , under the privileges and immunities clause .
the basis of the claim in the lawsuit was such projects were racist because metro rail and metrolink had a greater percentage of whites in the service area than the mta 's bus service , thus discriminating against blacks and latinos .
in celiac disease it is the only effective means of discriminating between 1st degree relatives who are at risk from those who are not at risk , prior to the appearance of sometimes irreversible symptoms such as allergies and secondary autoimmune disease .
by placing the new work in the context of great modern art , sidney janis focused critical eyes on contemporary art in a different , brilliant and discriminating way .
• " mkhris - pa " is characterized by the quantitative and qualitative characteristics of heat , and is the source of many functions such as thermoregulation , metabolism , liver function and discriminating intellect .
choosing discriminating and independent features is key to any pattern recognition algorithm being successful in classification .
with her husband unemployed due to discriminating polices implanted by the argentine dictatorship ( gustavo is a jew ) , she returned to work doing underground theater and soon got a job at a telenovela called " dulce fugitiva " .
one possibility is that the shape helps in discriminating red surfaces ( e.g. fruit ) from green surfaces ( e.g. leaves ) given all the variation in the environment due to shading .
other critical factor is connected to what is called " auto - location " which is the way to detect exact position of the deflated tire : front , rear , left or right ; several are the concepts used to get rid of it : in some architecture the location of tires is solved using what is commonly known as the low frequency ( lf ) that works at 125 khz ; other approaches are typically based on accelerometers to detected right and left side and discriminating front or rear axle via elaborated software in the receiver interface and comparing , in very simple words , the emitted rf level generated by each one of the transmitters .
the system is discriminating wherein triangulation may be employed to differentiate unacceptable driver phone usage from acceptable passenger usage or driver emergency phone usage from driver non - emergency phone use .
the monopoly could charge at a formula_7 in the first period and then in the second period formula_8 hence price discriminating .
( a ) the ordinance by discriminating among movies solely on the basis of content has the effect of deterring drive - in theaters from showing movies containing any nudity , however innocent or even educational , and such censorship of the content of otherwise protected speech can not be justified on the basis of the limited privacy interest of persons on the public streets , who if offended by viewing the movies can readily avert their eyes .
the term " gourmet " may refer to a person with refined or discriminating taste or to one that is knowledgeable in the art of food and food preparation . "
the regular party stopped discriminating against blacks and agreed to conform to the democratic party rules guaranteeing fair participation .
the client base encompasses all manner of insurance buyers , as well as many of the most discriminating insurance and reinsurance companies and lloyd ’s syndicates .
one of the tests dealt with monica 's difficulties in discriminating pitch variations in sequential notes .
an alternate explanation in the nikayas is that this factor is aroused by " discriminating that dhamma with wisdom " ( " taṃ dhamma paññāya pavicināti " ) .
part of eisenberg ’s solution is for schools to help students become discriminating users of information .
" a baffling hybrid — " a musical documentary comic tragedy " — which traces the biography of condoleezza rice , from her birth in birmingham , alabama ( the ku klux klan attacks on blacks , 1963 , a sunday church full of children to burn … ) , until she grew and studied , in all her ascent from stanford university ( where she began discriminating latinos when a lay off was suggested … ) , until the high rankings of administration in the chevron enterprises and , finally , the rise to secretary of state , becoming the intimate tutor of w. bush — and the 9/11 commission of lies , the sucking of iraq , the abu ghraib scandals , the infamous waterboardings in guantanamo … the film breaks with impressive sarcasm the cynicism of the american administration of the last eight years and presents an even greater challenge : it reports what was that falsehood in the most unexpected of genres , becoming a kitsch hyper comedy .
the order " prohibits federal contractors and federally assisted construction contractors and subcontractors , who do over $ 10,000 in government business in one year from discriminating in employment decisions on the basis of race , color , religion , sex , or national origin . "
compatil letter gives the impression of being informative and poetic and is discriminating , balanced yet robust in character .
equipped with extremely accurate and discriminating radar and telemetry equipment , " she tracked and analyzed " re - entry bodies in the terminal phase of ballistic missile test flights , " carrying out those missile and spacecraft tracking duties in both atlantic and pacific waters until her retirement in 1983 .
tennyson , browning , lord houghton , and sir henry thompson were among his admirers and supporters , and in dr. russell reynolds he found a liberal and discriminating patron .
admission control , in the most primitive sense , is the simple practice of discriminating which traffic is admitted into a network in the first place 1 .
in some cases , they must also show that the proposed change does not have the purpose or effect of discriminating against a " language minority group . "
however , in dim light , trichromats have exhibited a slight disadvantage for discriminating fruit from foliage .
bbned operates as a non - discriminating wholesaler of capacity to serviceproviders .
he was also accused of discriminating against his french - speaking congregations .
the fourth reason is that the dog is a discriminating animal which can distinguish between its friends and enemies .
an intelligent player , he generally lay far back behind , directing his fellow forwards with discriminating passes .
this socially discriminating rule was already a source of great debate and disagreement in the united kingdom .
hōnen also distinguished himself by not discriminating against women who were menstruating , who were thought at the time to be unclean .
until this federal law was introduced , there was no recognised mechanism to prevent administrators in private bodies and civil servants in public - funded bodies ( such as universities ) from automatically discriminating between the qualifications of people with german doctorates compared to holders of doctorates from an eu member state .
she stated that " any political party discriminating against women or homosexuals should be deprived of funding . "
discriminating gunfire .
lee myung - bak and his government have been accused by many buddhist groups , including the influential jogye order , of discriminating against and promoting hostility toward buddhism .
borghese was a discriminating collector but notorious for extorting and even stealing pieces that caught his eye - he , or rather his uncle pope paul v , had recently imprisoned giuseppe cesari , one of the best - known and most successful painters in rome , on trumped - up charges in order to confiscate his collection of a hundred and six paintings , which included three of the caravaggios today displayed in the galleria borghese ( " boy peeling fruit " , " young sick bacchus " , and " boy with a basket of fruit " ) .
parisian salon culture set standards of discriminating taste from the 1630s , and with pascal , descartes , bayle , corneille , racine and molière , france became the cultural center of europe .
[ s]trict scrutiny ( ... ) is applicable here because ( 1 ) the statutes in question properly must be understood as classifying or discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation , a characteristic that we conclude represents — like gender , race , and religion — a constitutionally suspect basis upon which to impose differential treatment , and ( 2 ) the differential treatment at issue impinges upon a same - sex couple 's fundamental interest in having their family relationship accorded the same respect and dignity enjoyed by an opposite - sex couple .
since then he has been speaking out about " equal rights " and claiming that the anime expo staff is discriminating against him , comparing himself with people who are scarred in horrific accidents and those born with obvious body defects .
she attracted the most attention in the 1988 federal election , when she appeared at an all - candidates ' meeting brandishing a folder that she said contained proof of francophones discriminating against anglophones in sudbury .
in october 2007 , debra cagan , a senior pentagon official , shocked a group of british mps by saying " i hate all iranians " " in 2009 merrill lynch & co. agreed to pay $ 1.55 million to resolve a u.s. government lawsuit accusing the securities firm of discriminating against an iranian employee .
" popmatters " described it as " an adventurous listen for the most discriminating , open - minded listener " .
simple eas systems just have an address length of 1 bit hence not prepared for discriminating instances .
at the end of 1940 , he was removed from office under the vichy regime due to the statute discriminating against jews .
the minneapolis - saint paul international airport authority has threatened to revoke the operating authority of any driver caught discriminating in this manner .
it continues to stand proud , meeting the challenges of today ’s discriminating guests and showcasing only the best the philippines has to offer .
however , this caused some turmoil in the yishuv for there were those who felt that they were discriminating against the arabs just as they had been discriminated against in russia .
unlike the non - discriminating claire clairmont , shelley feels free to make judgments of the scenes around her ; shelley writes that claire " on looking at this scene ... exclaimed , ' oh ! this is beautiful enough ; let us live here . '
lewis downing was opposed to any discriminating policies and at this initial point , his sentiments of tribal unity were crystallized by the formation of what was to become known as the downing party , in the political life of the cherokee nation .
it was during these years that policies were formally put in place discriminating against slavic minorities .
peacefully situated on a tree - lined residential street , yet a short stroll from the bustle of rodeo drive , this boutique beverly hills hotel is renowned for its legendary elegance and unquestioned privacy – drawing discriminating clients from the world over .
the primary motivation for paraconsistent logic is the conviction that it ought to be possible to reason with inconsistent information in a controlled and discriminating way .
discriminating against nuns .
he had a scintillating personality , and political convictions so strong that they belied his otherwise scholarly and discriminating characteristics , but he lacked judgement and had a streak of melancholic instability " .
the hebrew name of this animal is from a root which signifies to separate , divide , or judge ; and it had been remarked by one of the commentators on horapollo that the mouse has a finely discriminating taste .
the child poverty action group has commenced legal proceedings against the new zealand government for discriminating against those not in employment in the " working for families " package .
the three women brought claims against safeway for discriminating on the basis of pregnancy for discrimination based on sex .
it became co - educational again in 1973 , after the federal government stopped providing funds to gender - discriminating institutions .
further , since fees are charged per postal address , they are cited as discriminating against smaller venues by such figure as anthony alderson , director of pleasance , one of the largest venues .
although it found that the goals of the preference were worthy and legitimate and that the legislation had not been enacted for the purpose of discriminating against women , the court reasoned that its exclusionary impact upon women was nonetheless so severe as to require the state to further its goals through a more limited form of preference . "
the eu parliament passed a resolution in 2008 that advertising may not be discriminating and degrading .
thus , in non - discriminating states , women may eventually gain the same right to their own matriname as men have traditionally had ( within father - line cultures ) to their own patriname .
some domestic animals will avoid consuming the plant if other forage is present , but less discriminating animals , such as pigs , will consume the plants and then sicken and die .
the name is a portmanteau of " epicure " , one with discriminating tastes in food or wine , and curious , and is a pun on the etymological origin of " epicure " , epicurus , a greek philosopher .
fellow critic james russell lowell called him " the most discriminating , philosophical , and fearless critic upon imaginative works who has written in america " , though he questioned if he occasionally used prussic acid instead of ink .
furthermore , humans are much better at judging items at extremes than in discriminating among items of middling importance or preference .
amusic individuals “ show a particular deficit in discriminating musical pitch variations and in recognizing familiar melodies ” .
the two dissenting sects of israel , the essenes and the samaritans , were in agreement with the majority of jews as to the existence of a discriminating retribution in the life to come .
if i were a jew and were born in germany and earned my livelihood there , i would claim germany as my home even as the tallest gentile german might , and challenge him to shoot me or cast me in the dungeon ; i would refuse to be expelled or to submit to discriminating treatment .
many taxi drivers considered his speech impacting and discriminating against them .
the employment equality ( age ) regulations 2006 ( si 2006/2408 ) is a piece of secondary legislation in the united kingdom , which prohibits employers unreasonably discriminating against employees on grounds of age .
the uk crown prosecution service states " sgm plus dna profiling is very discriminating between individuals .
for this reason , landslide classifications are based on different discriminating factors , sometimes very subjective .
in 2005 the u.s. federal government filed a civil rights lawsuit accusing airmont of discriminating on the basis of religion and violating the religious land use and institutionalized persons act ( rluipa ) and the fair housing act by banning boarding houses .
this is meant to protect renters and sellers from discriminating based on number of children in a family .
asf / sf2 is required for 5’ splice site cleavage and selection , and is capable of discriminating between cryptic and authentic splice sites .
there is an admiring but discriminating criticism of his work in the " prefatory memoir " prefixed by sir walter scott to an edition of his novels in ballantyne 's " novelist 's library " ( vol . v. , 1823 ) .
this resulted in a series of bills discriminating against indigenous peoples such as the riotous assemblies bill , the native service contract bill , an abortive mixed marriages bill , the representation of natives bill , the native trust and land bill , and the native laws amendment bill .
rats from rat park seem to be no less discriminating . "
several of the jurors have different reasons for discriminating against the witness because of his race , background and in one case where the juror 's son was in a similar situation .
participants with greater other - race experience were consistently more accurate at discriminating between other - race faces than were participants with less other - race experience .
today , rflp has become widely disused due to the advent of more discriminating , sensitive and easier technologies .
however , media outlets and legal experts at the time speculated a defense could argue ferguson suffered from paranoia , particularly based on ferguson 's history of irrational racism allegations and claims that whites were discriminating against him .
later historians have reflected this view , in the nineteenth century william stubbs called warwick " a discriminating and highly literate man , the wisdom of whom shone forth through the whole kingdom " .
challenged by the complexity of urban warfare and the added difficulty of discriminating combatants from non - combatants , the “
the robinson - patman act ( 1936 ) , which prevents sellers of commodities in interstate commerce from discriminating in price between purchasers of goods of like grade and quality , was designed to prevent vertically integrated trusts from driving smaller competitors out of the market through economies of scale .
a few fake stradas and p538s are already accounted for , so a potential buyer should be very discriminating when a bizzarrini is offered .
in late february and early march 2003 , bristol became embroiled in a row about admissions policies , with some private schools threatening a boycott based on their claims that , in an effort to improve equality of access , the university was discriminating against their students .
gay rights groups have complained that certain websites that restrict their dating services to heterosexual couples are discriminating against homosexuals .
interleukin-2 ( il-2 ) is an interleukin , a type of cytokine immune system signaling molecule , which is a leukocytotrophic hormone that is instrumental in the body 's natural response to microbial infection and in discriminating between foreign ( non - self ) and self .
by realizing oneness with ourselves and the outside of ourselves , we experience liberation from the fear and anxiety of the discriminating view of the world , one that fractures reality into separate , unchanging units , brings .
for discriminating against chinese immigrants in past periods , an official government apology and compensations were announced on 22 june 2006 .
harman has stated that this proposal would not simply involve discrimination against white males , and that men will benefit in some circumstances ; for example if a school wanted to balance a predominantly female workforce by discriminating in favour of employing a male teacher .
the policies of the committee of union and progress aimed at controlling the conservatives were perceived as silencing the cause of independence and liberty by discriminating against religion .
in other words , the handing down of both matrinames and patrinames would co - exist within each culture in order to avoid discriminating against either women or men .
it was intended to restrict communal use of land , but had the effect of discriminating against religious groups .
in my opinion , leaving aside the savings clause argument for the moment , the respondent has shown no accommodation whatsoever to ameliorate the indirect adverse discriminating effects of the award of the trinity cross on the applicants as hindus and muslims and as corporate citizens representing hindus and muslims in t&t. ”
the instruments overlapped in wavelength coverage , providing consistency check on measurements in the regions of spectral overlap and assistance in discriminating signals from our galaxy , solar system and cmb .
in november 1994 the " high court " sentenced the spanish state to pay 3000 million pesetas ( 18 million euros ) to the owners of the already disappeared newspaper for discriminating it from official advertising , public subscription and subsidies by socialist governments .
it is capable of discriminating seismic signals of underground nuclear explosions as small as only a fraction of kiloton in tnt yield .
among these 19 discriminating criteria , 7 are different from spanish , 8 from italian , 12 from franco - provençal , and 16 from french .
the st. aloysius college is managed by the mangalore jesuit educational society which is registered under the societies registration act , 1860 and admits students without discriminating against any religion , caste or creed and seeks to establish a collegial environment in which those of diverse cultural backgrounds and religious beliefs can participate in the community in a spirit of co - operation and mutual respect .
white parted company with rehnquist in strongly supporting the supreme court decisions striking down laws that discriminated on the basis of sex , agreeing with justice william j. brennan in 1973 's " frontiero v. richardson " that laws discriminating on the basis of sex should be subject to strict scrutiny .
some natives of the ryukyus claim that the central government is discriminating against the islanders by allowing so many american soldiers to be stationed on bases in okinawa with a minimal presence on the mainland .
the oral tradition held that operatic performers who found success at the theater were distinguished with the accolade " applaudito in corfú " ( " applauded in corfu " ) as a tribute to the discriminating musical taste of the island audience .
fascism was more discriminating of trade unions than modern economies like spain or the united states .
the concentrator collected bulk solar wind , but was discriminating in that it electrostatically repelled hydrogen and had enough voltage that it focused the light solar wind elements ( e.g. , c , o , n , s ) onto a small target , concentrating those ions by a factor of ~20 .
electronic games produced by entex have been described as " high end " and " high - quality " and the company itself used the motif " games for the discriminating player " , indicating that the more expensive end of the market was specifically targeted .
in the decades following the adoption of the fourteenth amendment , the supreme court overturned laws barring blacks from juries ( " strauder v. west virginia " ( 1880 ) ) or discriminating against chinese - americans in the regulation of laundry businesses ( " yick wo v. hopkins " ( 1886 ) ) , as violations of the equal protection clause .
the mission of the letchworth central middle and high school library media program is to “ ensure that students and staff are effective and discriminating life - long users of information.”1 effective use of information requires access to information in traditional , up - to - date , and future methods of technologies .
she 's just non - discriminating . "
thus suggesting that p / b may have greater discriminating power .
the high court of justice agreed to delay a ruling by at least four months , and a temporary settlement was reached wherein although the jnf would be prevented from discriminating on grounds of ethnicity , nevertheless every time land is sold to a non - jew , the ila would compensate it with an equivalent amount of land , thus ensuring the total amount of land owned by jewish israelis remains the same .
another common criticism is that as a tool for discriminating justified from unjustified constituent beliefs , reformed epistemology falls short ; that it springs forth from a presupposition that within each of us resides a doxastic mechanism ( i.e. a mechanism for reasoning about beliefs ) that generates religious convictions , belief in god , etc . , supporting the conclusion that such beliefs are innate , hence properly basic .
children become progressively discriminating as they grow older and learn the culturally specific attachments and aversions of their parents .
the hierarchy of discriminating psychological functions gives each individual a dominant sensation , intuition , feeling , or thinking function preference with either an extroverted or introverted attitude .
for instance , a character wishing to be a fighter required at least 9 strength ; the more discriminating monk required 15 strength , 15 wisdom , 15 dexterity , and 11 constitution .
we accept jesus ' call to love one another and to welcome all god 's children at the table . " as a justification for not discriminating against homosexuals , and that the cap also supports a woman 's right to choose .
renate must carry discriminating yellow badge and brings terrifying news with home : confessed become after litzmannstadt deports .
shall deny equal access or a fair opportunity to meet to , or discriminate against , any group officially affiliated with the boy scouts of america , or any other youth group listed in title 36 of the united states code ( as a patriotic society ) , that wishes to conduct a meeting within that designated open forum or limited public forum , including denying such access or opportunity or discriminating for reasons based on the membership or leadership criteria or oath of allegiance to god and country of the boy scouts of america or of the youth group listed in title 36 of the united states code ( as a patriotic society ) .
but religion and caste never had a discriminating effect on the people of punnakkulangara .
when it was initially rated as nc-17 by the mpaa , babbit made cuts to allow it to be re - rated as r. when interviewed in the documentary film " this film is not yet rated " babbit criticized the mpaa for discriminating against films with homosexual content .
it differs from " sex symbol " ( and is also faintly derogatory ) in that it suggests the star 's popularity came from the afternoon matinée performances rather than the " big picture " evenings and , hence , a less discriminating audience .
by appealing to discriminating consumers , this business model seeks a higher profit margin on lower sales volume .
soon other discriminating policies followed .
cuba , under atheist fidel castro , succeeded in reducing the church 's ability to work by deporting the archbishop and 150 spanish priests , discriminating against catholics in public life and education and refusing to accept them as members of the communist party .
the iranian viewer became discriminating , encouraging the new trend to prosper and develop .
other leaders like e. v. ramasami naicker ( periyar ) , a prominent atheist leader of india , fought against hinduism and brahmins for discriminating and dividing people in the name of caste and religion .
it charges wal - mart with discriminating against women in promotions , pay , and job assignments in violation of title vii of the civil rights act of 1964 .
valencia midfielder ( and former spanish international ) ruben baraja has stated to the spanish daily marca that " azkargorta is a man of football , with a distinguished career path and discriminating quality as a manager and national side coach .
