although an ideal capacitor would remain at zero volts after being discharged , real capacitors will develop a small voltage , a phenomenon that is also called soakage or battery action .
morgan spent time drinking the rum and then demanded that he be brought fresh horses which he said he would return on his next visit . whilst mounting one of these horses , one of the inebriated morgan 's pistols discharged and assuming that he was being fired upon , he in turn opened fire and wounded one of his captives , john heriot in the leg .
many of the discharged agents were related to the military dictatorship of the 1970s , with histories of extortion , kidnapping , torture , disappearances and assassinations .
lundgren and his new family settled in san diego after he was discharged from the navy .
following the duel , and possibly as a result of it , ms. welch as allowed to be discharged from the army .
he worked in this capacity up to 1948 when he was discharged due to health status .
( a 1944 amendment modified the act such that a deserter would lose his citizenship only if on these grounds , he had been dishonorably discharged or dismissed from the military . )
before 1998 , the river flowed all the way to the tip of the delta , where it discharged into the caspian .
therefore , in the impending demilitarization after world war ii , they were certainly be disarmed and discharged , which would probably be the best outcome and the power of these warlord would be reduced or even completely eliminated as a result .
it is fed by the wisconsin river and receives warm water discharged from a nearby power plant .
rife enlisted july 15 , 1864 , as a private in company d , one hundred and ninety - fourth regiment , pennsylvania volunteer infantry , and served until honorably discharged on november 6 , 1864 .
finally , successful officer cadets are discharged with the rank of " vänrikki " .
in 2006 , he was discharged from the united states army under the do n't ask , do n't tell policy for being gay .
brightman j held that the bank , as trustee , had not discharged its duty as trustee in failing to supervise the new ventures of the company .
in 1955 , he was discharged from the navy at the rank of lieutenant , junior grade .
once she was discharged from hospital , sally , once again , thought about killing her by suffocating her .
he was discharged as a colonel on october 25 , 1945 , resuming law practice with offices in new york city and washington , d.c.
his friend discharged the shotgun , hitting adam and killing him .
after the war , in 1946 he was discharged from armed forces , and turned to writing in moscow .
gilfain 's clerks , having been discharged rather than marry the island girls , finally meet up with their english girls ( angela 's friends ) .
scherf was discharged from the royal australian air force reserve on 1 july 1947 .
during the american civil war , hoard served in the 4th wisconsin volunteer regiment as a musician until he was discharged for medical reasons .
land run - off and industrial , agricultural , and domestic waste enter rivers and are discharged into estuaries .
after two years in panama , the narrator was honorably discharged from the air force .
during the first world war , he attended the officers’ training school at camp johnston in florida and was discharged into the reserves at the end of the war .
the army said that mcanespie had been hit when the weapon had discharged accidentally as a soldier was moving the gun with wet hands .
these offices , together with his new peerage , must have given him an influence in the north of england second only to that of the earl of northumberland , when on 1 september 1505 he was appointed warden of the east marches , a higher office in dignity than he had yet held , though he had discharged its duties before as deputy to another .
kantrowitz was discharged from the army in 1946 with the rank of major .
typhus and ' the itch ' were rampant , on the ship 's return to port she had to be scrubbed with lime water and fumigated with vinegar , while 100 men were discharged to the hospital .
the måns nilsson in question had served in adolf hård 's regiment in jönköping , småland , first as a private and then as an officer , before being discharged in 1636 .
the variable fee is calculated with the reference to the biochemical oxygen demand ( bod5 ) loading as well as to the volume and concentration of the wastewater being discharged .
the judgment constituted an amendment to the precedent set by stilk v myrick [ 1809 ] ewhc kb j58 that allowed contractual duties to be considered valid consideration for a future contract if the duties had changed to the extent that the original contract is considered discharged .
now , to guard the fields against further damage , he is discharged as gooseherd . ”
in the fully discharged state , it can be left indefinitely for later charge .
following due observation he was discharged once again .
what ended his military service , in reagan 's account , was being blown out of a helicopter by enemy fire and tumbling 300 feet to the ground , after which he recovered in bethesda naval hospital and was discharged in 1969 .
he enlisted in december 1940 as a private in the united states army and served in the european theater , g-2 section , headquarters iii corps , and was discharged as a lieutenant colonel in march 1946 .
the wallula gap constrained the flow such that less than 1/5th of the 800 km³ of water per day entering could be discharged as it passed into lake condon downstream .
he discharged himself from the hospital less than 24 hours after he was admitted - with the bullet still embedded in his skull .
he was discharged from the army on 12 september 1968 at his own request .
for example , escalators at stations must be designed to cater for the peak traffic flow discharged from a train , without causing excessive bunching at the escalator entrance .
to avoid damage to the other cells , each cell must be individually discharged .
however , the club rebounded quickly as members were discharged from military duty and it once again became the focus of sailboat racing on lake wawasee .
because there is a slight variation in the capacity of cells in a battery , one of the cells will usually be fully discharged before the others , at which point reverse charging begins seriously damaging that cell , reducing battery life .
a specific thing may be given absolutely to a creditor on the understanding that it is to be given back when the creditor 's debt is paid ; or the property in the thing may be assigned to the creditor while the debtor is allowed to remain in possession , the creditor as owner being able to take possession if his debt is not discharged .
he was discharged in early july 2004 and continued to spend time recovering .
upon the japanese surrender in 1945 , bush was honorably discharged in september of that year .
after he made a written appeal for peace to the german emperor , he was briefly sent to a mental hospital in bremen before being discharged from military service .
eventually peel discharged all but a few from their indentures .
these battalions [ being sent home ] are made up on men … about to be discharged . ”
russell was severely wounded at gallipoli and discharged .
during the first world war , the hospital became an emergency hospital for the military and in early 1918 also housed discharged disabled soldiers .
having discharged this duty he went to serve at steenwick in overyssel , then besieged by the spanish .
in october 1962 , heidnik was transferred to a military hospital in philadelphia , where he was diagnosed with schizoid personality disorder and honorably discharged from military service .
he was deemed unsuitable for military service and was voluntarily discharged before receiving extensive weapons training .
an additional 159 men were discharged or transferred from the regiment .
he was discharged from military service in 1919 .
she was appointed head of " belief and beauty " in january 1938 , a few days before her 26 birthday , and was discharged in september 1939 because of her marriage with wilhelm " utz " utermann in october 1939 .
shortly thereafter , woods outed himself as a homosexual , and was subsequently discharged under the government 's “ do n't ask , do n't tell ” policy .
he was honorably discharged again on may 30 , 1916 , this time at mare island , calif.
he was discharged in july 1959 , shortly after being promoted to petty officer 3rd class .
he was discharged but later readmitted , where he succumbed to a severe lung infection .
the rule was discharged , and erskine 's fortune was made .
but his most famous compositions in this kind are the personal invectives which he discharged against francesco filelfo and lorenzo valla .
henri was treated in a military hospital and eventually discharged where he found his way back to the front lines and again attached himself to a british unit .
devyataev was discharged from the army in november 1945 .
electronics ) has discharged untreated industrial effluents and population has grown at a faster rate than the rest of mexico .
the fruit bodies are secotioid , meaning the spores are not forcibly discharged , and the cap does not fully expand .
discharged from military service , noble returned to iowa in 1946 and spent two years teaching high school in lu verne , where he directed the school 's music program and taught courses in the social sciences .
service numbers upwards to 49,999 were also retroactive and assigned to discharged or retired marines who had served between 1905 and 1917 .
a week later she discharged her cargo and passengers off the dulag beachhead and then sailed for hollandia .
meanwhile , tamao greets his best friend tokio , who is discharged from a hospital .
in april 1978 , panggabean was discharged as abri commander and minister of defense and security .
when bethany was discharged from hospital , she was told that she could have her own room , as her uncle david had moved out .
in 1954 he enlisted in the air force after receiving his draft notice and spent two years as a meteorologist in korea until being discharged in 1956 .
he was discharged and collapsed at home a few hours later .
on being discharged from the army in 1917 he moved to britain , taking employment with the tarrant company , and then martinsyde , before eventually becoming chief designer at fairey aviation .
the 3rd minnesota infantry was discharged from service at fort snelling on september 16 , 1865 .
in this regard , kranzbühler , concluded that the international military tribunal proceedings discharged the tensions between the victors and the vanquished .
the term of enlistment at that time was only three months , after which shepherd was honorably discharged .
the number of in - patients is the sum of patients which changed not only by the newly diagnosed hospitalized and those who died among in - patients , by other factors such as the number of patients who escaped or were discharged , depending on the condition of the times .
initially posted for service on the newly captured german territory of new guinea , he returned to australia 6 december 1915 , and was discharged on 19 january with the rank of corporal .
by the end of the war , most officers were appointed to a higher acting rank , and their appointments lasted until the end of the war at which point many were discharged from the navy .
in developing countries most sewage is discharged without treatment .
on 1 february 1875 , after almost 20 years army service , murphy was discharged at colchester .
for example , pharmaceuticals , nursing care , and physical therapy must be covered for inpatients , but there is considerable variation from province to province in the extent to which they are covered for patients discharged to the community ( e.g. , after day surgery ) .
in addition , while gun locks may prevent a stolen firearm from being discharged , they can not prevent the theft itself .
after being discharged , he helped the brooklyn dodgers to clinch the 1953 national league pennant with a 8 - 4 mark , 65 strikeouts , 117 innings , and a 3.37 era in 37 appearances , including 10 starts .
the hot aggregate is discharged into a mixing drum where ( dry ) filler and binder are added .
he was discharged honorably , apparently for medical reasons , in september 1943 .
despite being one of the youngest members in the assembly , he was known for his charisma and the flair with which he discharged his duties .
" while the details of the attack are disputed — michigan claimed it fired no shots and had only discharged a few musket rounds in the air as the ohio group retreated — the battle further infuriated both ohioans and michiganders and brought the two sides to the brink of all - out war .
such states will ask for a military id for active persons or dd214 for legally discharged persons .
since an alkaline battery near fully discharged may see its voltage drop to as low as 0.9 volts , nicd cells and alkaline cells are typically interchangeable for most applications .
arriving 27 april , she discharged troops and cargo despite intermittent enemy air attacks .
about 12 had died , others were discharged because of sickness or wounds or were transferred to other units , and 10 deserted , a greater desertion rate than from any other massachusetts regiment .
his despatches survived , and give a wonderful impression of the zeal and ability with which he discharged his functions .
several other ministers found wrongfully informing the anticorruption board or election governing board of important information , were discharged when this was discovered .
when stanley was twenty - one , he enlisted in the u.s. air force in 1956 and served for eighteen months before being discharged in 1958 .
in 1813 he joined the 13th regiment of the imperial guard under the echelon young guard but he was discharged in january 1814 due to a serious shoulder injury received in holland .
poems such as w. e. henley 's ' discharged ' ( from his " in hospital " sequence ) , and robert louis stevenson 's poems ' the light - keeper ' and ' the cruel mistress ' can be counted early examples of free verse .
bush mama is the story of dorothy and her husband t.c. , a discharged vietnam veteran who thought he would return home to a " hero 's welcome . "
once circulated through the station 's condensers ( which cool the turbines ' exhaust heat ) , the water is discharged into a mile long cooling channel , where heat is dissipated with no harmful effect before reaching a wide part of the forth .
after having discharged the function of ambassador at the court of the bulgarian tsar constantine , he retired for some years from public affairs , and made the instruction of youth his sole occupation .
he was discharged from the hospital in mid - december , having recovered from the infection , and returned to work part - time in april 2005 .
this circuit begins to build a charge on a capacitor which will only be discharged once the pmt sends another electrical pulse to the circuit .
after he was discharged , he was signed by the los angeles angels as an amateur free agent in 1963 .
as stormwater is channeled into storm drains and surface waters , the natural sediment load discharged to receiving waters decreases , but the water flow and velocity increases .
"the settlement of this ... district is attributed to some discharged soldiers who served in the peninsular war .
the act gave the board power to examine people discharged from mental health institutions , and to direct sterilization if deemed necessary .
he served in germany with the army of occupation and was discharged from the service in 1919 .
unable to enter the inner harbor because of her deep draft , " american legion " discharged her cargo and disembarked her passengers into tank lighters and motor launches over the days that followed , the cargo movement facilitated by marines and sailors from the ships .
refloated on 9 august and cargo of timber discharged .
a gas laser is a laser in which an electric current is discharged through a gas to produce light .
he was discharged in july , 1919 and purchased the medical practice in elkhorn from dr. robert goodwin .
despite the political situation , after being discharged he was able to study archival science at the arts faculty of the charles university in prague and received his degree in 1960 .
raznochintsy (; ; literally " people of miscellaneous ranks " ) was an official term introduced in the code of law of the russian empire in 17th century to define a social estate that included the lower court and governmental ranks , children of " personal dvoryans " , and discharged military , the category of " raznochintsy " grew significantly during the massive trimming down of the category of " servicemen " ( ) in the second half of the 17th century .
aston 1924:225 ) adds that since jingū wanted to learn which gods had cursed chūai , she constructed a shamanic " palace of worship " , " discharged in person the office of priest " , and heard the gods reveal themselves as coming from ise ( amaterasu ) and mukatsu ( an unnamed korean divinity ) .
serna returned to the u.s. as the most decorated soldier from texas and was discharged at camp bowie , texas in may 1919 .
in early times the meare pool collected the waters of the rivers brue and sheppey , and discharged in a northerly direction into the lower river axe .
in 1948 , a small group of people who recently had been discharged from a new york state psychiatric hospital united to create a group known as " we are not alone ( wana ) .
underway from that atoll on 20 july in convoy uok 39 , consisting of 40 ships — both merchant and naval — the vessel arrived at okinawa soon thereafter and discharged her cargo near kinmu wan on 25 july .
he served in both atlantic and pacific theaters until discharged as a lieutenant in 1945 .
the driver of a back - up foam tender drove in closer to the burning aircraft and discharged his foam effectively , but the fire had already gained hold by the time this happened .
waste heat recovery is a process that captures excess heat that would normally be discharged at manufacturing facilities and converts it into electricity and steam .
the regiment was mustered out on august 3 , 1865 and discharged at camp butler , illinois on august 15 , 1865 .
these capacitances must be charged or discharged when the transistor switches .
in 2006 , warrick plant was the third most - polluting major power station in the us in terms of sulphur dioxide gas emission rate : it discharged of so2 for each mwh of electric power produced that year ( 92,919 tons of so2 per year in total ) .
eventually discharged to the war assets administration ( waa ) and returned to being a civil airport .
he was discharged a commander .
and after being discharged from prison , he was under observation , so he did concentration of mind in calligraphy and a life in seclusion .
karlin attended white plains high school , in new york and then served in the u.s. marine corps from 1963 to 1967 , when he was honorably discharged with the rank of sergeant .
he was discharged in 1946 with the rank of captain .
since no reliable data for an inflow from the baltic sea exist , the combined inflow is an estimated 18 km3 from a catchment area of 129,000 km2 , residing in the lagoon for an average 55 days before being discharged into the pomeranian bay .
water flows underground through cracks in the lava from the lake to thorne bay , where it is discharged by natural springs .
francis j. dickens , an ordinary officer ” gives a balanced picture , pointing out his twelve years of service during which time many men in the fledging police force on the plains deserted or were discharged for misconduct , while others have gone so far as to say that he was partly responsible for the deterioration in relations between the nwmp and the blackfoot in the 1880s !
upon impact with an object , the magnetic field is dissipated and the heat discharged .
often the date of discharge and a state / territory ’s registration requirements combine to disenfranchise discharged uniformed services members or citizens returning from overseas employment .
at the end of his enlistment in october 1929 , johnson was discharged as a corporal .
following saturday morning services on may 11 at the san francisco solano parish , rodolfo almirón ( a triple a operative ) discharged five shots of a mac-10 pistol into father mugica ; he did not immediately die from his wounds and was rushed to a nearby hospital , where his last words were to a nurse : " now more than ever , we must be with the people . "
she was discharged after only a few days , but was readmitted after losing all feeling in her legs .
i james e. thompson went aboard the 758 in nov. 1950 and was discharged from it on feb. 1 1954 .
charles farmer is a former astronaut - in - training who was discharged from the military before he could fulfill his dream of becoming a vital part of nasa .
he was court - martialed in january 1999 , found guilty and dishonorably discharged from the army .
following the end of hostilities winters was discharged from the army and returned to civilian life , working in new jersey .
not until after the actor has been discharged does house realize that he is allergic to quinine from the tonic water in the fake gin and tonics that he has to drink on set .
in 1925 , he was sentenced to 20 years in prison because of his ' revolutionary activities ' after the world war i. he was discharged after 14 years in 1939 and imprisoned again in 1941 in the camp bileć .
raw untreated sewage typically has a 5β-coprostanol / cholesterol ratio of ~10 which decreases through a sewage treatment plant ( stp ) such that in the discharged liquid wastewaters the ratio is ~2 .
in 1918 he enlisted in the us army and was discharged in 1919 .
on that occasion , the duties of the lord high steward were discharged by john fitzgibbon , the 1st earl of clare , who was also the lord chancellor of ireland .
he trained at enoggera , was promoted to corporal , and was discharged without serving overseas .
benning , georgia where it was broken up and its personnel were transferred to other commands , discharged or re - enlisted .
after being honorably discharged at fort walla walla in washington territory , dolph settled in portland and resumed the practice of law .
the great majority of sewage of the lima - callao metropolitan area is discharged without treatment into the ocean , resulting in serious contamination of the surrounding beaches .
most of the gas generated during heating of the heat - transfer oil does not come into contact the waste material and can be discharged directly to the atmosphere without emission controls .
having unsuccessfully attempted to establish a film company between the wars , ridley rejoined the army in 1939 with the rank of major and again saw active service with the british expeditionary force in france during the second world war , but was discharged on health grounds .
as a result , the majority of the water is discharged into the ocean .
" albireo " departed san francisco on 26 august in a convoy bound for espiritu santo , new hebrides , and wellington , new zealand ; arrived back at san francisco on 20 november ; discharged her cargo at oakland , california ; and entered the united engineering co. shipyard for repairs .
despite fire from shore batteries she discharged her troops and cargo during the days that followed .
where charged areas remain on the paper , the black toner particles adhere ; where the paper is discharged , they do not .
born in puerto rico , but raised in the bronx borough of new york city , zayas joined the united states air force early in life , where he gained skills that would lead him to become a new york police officer after he was discharged from service .
arriving on the 22nd , she discharged her seabee passengers and equipment and took on troops and rolling stock to be transported to italy .
without a chance to defend themselves in a hearing , president theodore roosevelt dishonorably discharged the entire 167 member regiment due to their accused " conspiracy of silence " .
texas allows airsoft guns to be owned , but most cities require that the airsoft guns be discharged only while outside city limits .
his closest friends are curió , a store barker in shoemaker 's hollow , who paints his face like a clown to attract people , bangs , a towering black who makes his living as a card sharp , private martim , a soldier who had been discharged from the army who lived off the generosity of the women he was frequently engaged to , and breezy , who supported himself catching frogs and selling them to medical researchers for experiments .
all australians who volunteered were discharged from the aif and re - enlisted in the british army as private soldiers for a period of one year .
he argued that jews in germany should enjoy the full rights and obligations of germans , and that the non - jews of the world owed a debt to jews for centuries of abuse , and that this debt could be discharged only by actively assisting those jews who wished to do so to regain political sovereignty in their ancient homeland of israel .
after being discharged clalin tried to get back to minnesota , and then decided to collect the bounty owed her deceased husband and herself , as well as to get some of elmer ’s belongings .
most of those discharged settled in nova scotia .
its 460 patients were discharged or transferred to other facilities as appropriate ; pennhurst was responsible for discussing treatment plans with each patient 's family to decide what would be the best for the patient .
" 1860 ) was an italian roman catholic who was discharged from the priesthood for sexual misconduct and subsequently became a fervent advocate of the protestant evangelical cause .
february 7 , 2001 : while president george w. bush was occupied in the white house residence , washington , dc , robert pickett , standing outside the perimeter fence , discharged a number of shots from a weapon towards the white house .
he was discharged in 1945 and returned to play on the pga tour .
he was honorably discharged in 1946 .
however , his defense asserts : noling , 18 , was an amateur robber , who had fled from a robbery " like a scared rabbit " when his gun accidentally discharged into a victim 's hardwood floor ; the robberies occurred in noling 's neighborhood while the hartig murders occurred in a secluded area 15 miles away ; no physical evidence connects noling ; nothing was stolen from the hartig 's .
he was honorably discharged in 1946 .
in most labs the test is completed and the patient is discharged home by 7 a.m. unless a multiple sleep latency test ( mslt ) is to be done during the day to test for excessive daytime sleepiness .
the precise tolerance of the gears allows the juice to flow through the gap between the gears while the large pulpy matter passes along the top of the gears and is discharged .
before he is discharged , house tells him and annette to stop their lifestyle , but she states it is not simply about pain , rather " being completely vulnerable to another person " .
at this point norris was discharged from the navy for psychological problems .
during this period philip discharged his responsibility to the amphicytonic council by settling the situation in amphissa .
after being discharged , curly took up residence at the motion picture country home and hospital in woodland hills , california .
this was the last time that such magistrates were appointed ; the emperors in future discharged the duties of their office under the name of praefectura morum ( " prefect of the morals " ) .
he was discharged as a captain .
after being honorably discharged , may 1946 , cooper returned to college , and completed his economics degree in 1948 .
he is accompanied by a destitute , discharged soldier named peter skirmish .
assigned to the 91st division at camp lewis , washington , 1st lieutenant earl warren was discharged in 1918 .
sexton hall is also the residence of recruits discharged before completion of recruit training awaiting orders home ( whether for medical or disciplinary reasons ) .
he entered the united states army as a private in 1942 , served in the italian campaign with the ninety - second buffalo division in 1944 and 1945 , was a captain , military government division in austria , in 1945 and 1946 , served with tenth corps in korea in 1950 , was discharged to infantry reserve as a major in 1950 and promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1956 .
the equity of redemption refers to the right of a mortgagor in law to redeem his property once the liability secured by the mortgage has been discharged .
bush was discharged from the texas air national guard and transferred to inactive duty in the air force reserve .
the man took the trouble to hunt for the records -- and found them , in the state capitol at richmond : that is to say he found the record of one barnett seay , standard - bearer in lee 's army who had entered and been discharged from the service in such and such a year . "
he was discharged in march 1953 as a private first class .
he was discharged in 1960 and , in the spring of 1961 , went to detroit and started playing at the west fort tavern .
greene was discharged in december 1944 and appeared in the stage plays " desert rats " and " i capture the castle " .
the lieut . rode before the party , and ordered the rebels to surrender , and deliver up their arms , on which they discharged a volley at the party , accompanied with a shower of stones , some of which brought lieut .
a right may be extinguished by nullifing that right or , in the case of a debt , discharged by payment in full or through settlement .
ramos - horta was discharged from royal darwin hospital on march 19 , although he said that he would stay in australia for physical therapy for " a few more weeks " .
on september 18 , bull was promoted to colonel to replace mcmichael , having been discharged .
discharged as a sergeant , he began acting on stage .
enlisted in the united states army as a private in the one hundred and seventeenth infantry , thirtieth division , in september 1917 , and was honorably discharged as a first lieutenant in june 1919 .
the retained officers and men were folded into the corps of artillery by 15 june 1815 , all others were discharged .
he was discharged a captain and returned to the ring in december , 1920 .
this is where many of the queen 's guards who were discharged by gaebril went ; captain charlz guybon brought 4,762 of these back to aid daughter - heir elayne in lifting the siege of camelyn ( " knife " ) .
in addition , a large number were discharged on administrative grounds .
dawson and downey are found not guilty of murder and conspiracy to commit murder , but are found guilty of " conduct unbecoming a united states marine " ( a fictional violation based on conduct unbecoming an officer ) and are dishonorably discharged .
in 1956 , after being dishonorably discharged from the military he returned to paris .
he was actually scheduled to be discharged that very day .
it looks after cadets who are injured during training , with a view to preparing them to re - enter the commissioning course or processing those who are medically discharged .
he studied at cornell university before fighting in world war ii ; after being wounded and discharged he went to frankfurt on an intelligence posting .
if discharged for any of the above reasons , the service member will normally receive an honorable or a general ( under honorable conditions ) discharge .
the man behind the alliances , esko luukkonen , was discharged from all party responsibilities , and he ( and the ktp turku district organization ) later joined the league of communists .
arriving trains that at the end of their runs at memphis pulled directly into the station 's platforms and discharged their passengers and express packages .
he died on 24 june 1653 ; it was not until 9 november 1654 that his estate was discharged .
disorders of consciousness affect a significant number of people who suffer severe tbi ; of those with severe tbi discharged from a hospital , 10 - 15 are in a vegetative state , and of this number only half regain consciousness within one to three years .
at the medicine lodge inquest , brown testified that he had discharged their rifle accidentally as he was unloading it from the wagon , and that the bullet had gone straight into hillmon ’s head as he knelt to tend their camp fire .
some local units of the people 's republic remained active in the jeolla region and especially on jeju island , where their presence , together with marauding anti - communist youth gangs , contributed to tensions that discharged in the events known as jeju massacre .
during world war i , he fought as a private with the 20th royal fusiliers in 1914–15 but was discharged owing to poor eyesight .
he was discharged later that year , in november , at the rank of chief quartermaster .
mature was honorably discharged from the coast guard in november 1945 and he resumed his acting career .
his father benjamin had been discharged from the navy while a cadet at the naval academy after an incident aboard the academy 's training vessel , the uss constellation in august , 1883 .
the rate at which personnel were to be discharged was set at 3,000 a day for six days a week and was to be capable of being increased in the event of an emergency .
he enlisted in the navy at one point in his early life , but he was soon dishonorably discharged for reasons unknown .
the " expectation fulfilment theory of dreaming " , proposed by joe griffin in 1993 , posits that the prime function of dreams is to metaphorically act out non - discharged emotional arousals ( expectations ) that were not acted out during the previous day .
he was discharged in 1918 and became a forester and later coal - miner .
influential friends interceded on his behalf , and he was transferred to the war records office and discharged from the military on 9 june 1916 .
producer hugh mccollum was discharged and , as a result , bernds resigned out of loyalty to mccollum , leaving only director / short subject head jules white to both produce and direct the stooges ' remaining columbia comedies .
during the industrial revolution however , chemicals from local industries were discharged into the river in increasing amounts .
her doctors say that when she was discharged , she was not so ill that the oxygen machine was critical to her survival .
watson was charged with piracy upon returning to fiji and was later discharged from bail ..
he was honorably discharged after two years of service and returned to oklahoma and the muscogee nation .
they seize the machine and make use of it to make hold - ups , however , caught up with by their owner , they must find the block box and go to fantasio , where they discover with horror that the machine must be discharged after a certain number of use of the absorptive sounds , like a vacuum cleaner .
after he was honorably discharged he enrolled at the university of alabama , earning a bachelor 's degree in journalism in 1948 and a master 's degree in political science the following year .
eleven suspects were charged with terrorism offences on 21 august , two on 25 august , subsequently discharged on 1 november , and a further three on 30 august .
soon after being discharged from the army , laurents met ballerina nora kaye , and the two became involved in an on - again , off - again romantic relationship .
arriving at st. nazaire , " west hosokie " discharged her cargo and loaded army ordnance materials for the return journey to the u.s. crossing the atlantic once more , " west hosokie " reached newport news on 20 june .
when the gun discharged , the recoil sent it backwards until it was stopped by the breech rope — a sturdy rope made fast to ring bolts let into the bulwarks , and a turn taken about the gun 's cascabel , the knob at the end of the gun barrel .
the chemical composition of the aller shows that the sewage discharged into it has generally been treated sufficiently well .
bischoff notes that , in his later american edition of " other losses " , bacque discredits the document as a fake " with a further fantastic twist in his convoluted cycle of conspiracy theories , he claims that eisenhower and the army ' camouflaged ' dead pows / defs by listing them as ' discharged volkssturm . '
kelly was arrested in his hospital room at the mayo clinic on december 22 , 2006 just before he was about to be discharged to return to one of his homes in cancún , mexico .
the " cured " scramble reverses much of the damage he did , including heather 's transformation , and vows to return to medicine after getting discharged from the hospital .
discharged from hospital on 16 january , 2002 .
meanwhile , ronnie returns to town after being discharged from the national guard due to his severe anxiety disorder .
rangel disagreed with the committee 's finding , saying " because they were my staff members who knew , one of whom has been discharged , [ the committee has decided ] that i should have known .
by december 1775 there were nearly 300 blacks in the regiment including its most famous member , a runaway slave called titus who would in later years after being discharged from the regiment be known as colonel tye .
he compounded for delinquency by paying a fine , and was discharged on 11 may 1649 ; however , he was forced to sell to sir john buck his manor of mardocks in ware .
while newton held the office of warden of the mint , he retained his chair of mathematics at cambridge , and discharged the duties of the post , but shortly after he was promoted to be master of the mint he appointed whiston his deputy with " the full profits of the place . "
from 1480 to 1495 , there was in jerusalem a german knight of the holy sepulchre , john of prussia , who acted as steward for the convent and regularly discharged this act reserved to knighthood .
however , ingram made his allegations after he was discharged from the british army .
once the last cartridge is discharged from the pistol , the slide locks back in the open position .
clearing norfolk 26 may " griggs " sailed via canal zone and discharged her passengers at san francisco 1 june 1945 .
horace boughton , it was honorably discharged and mustered out july 20 , 1865 , at and near washington , d.c.
he rejoined his regiment and was honorably discharged in new york city , which " gave us a splendid and very enthusiastic reception and a silver medal for each soldier .
all of the city 's untreated wastewater was being discharged into the bogotá river and ultimately the reservoir behind the muña dam .
in 1944 during world war ii , an underaged mr. mcnamara convinced a navy recruiter to sign him up , and he spent the latter part of the war in the submarine service , being discharged in 1946 .
