equal treatment was provided for the japanese bidders , but korean auctioneers continue to discriminate them .
furthermore , listener applications using 1722 use the srp stream id to discriminate between different streams .
kinetic proofreading allows molecules to discriminate between two possibilities which have nearly the same free energy , with an error less than the naive thermodynamic bound .
methylone resembles mdma in its behavioural profile , as it substitutes for mdma in rats trained to discriminate mdma from saline .
the court of appeal , by a majority , held that no term could be implied that shell should not " abnormally discriminate " against lostock .
both approaches require the learner to develop the ability to hear and discriminate sounds in spoken words .
imagination stage is a 501c(3 ) not - for - profit , tax - exempt , cultural and educational organization which does not discriminate on the basis of race , color , ethnic or national group , gender or disability .
the remaining neurons discriminate between reinforced and unreinforced licks , or process task related information .
nor does he always discriminate between important and unimportant events .
rand supported the right of a private property owner to discriminate , even on a basis that she condemned as immoral , such as racism , and that any act of the government to change this would be an intrusion on individual rights .
i also believe that no one can discriminate anybody just because they happen to worship a god who has a different name , or to humiliate or abuse someone just because they have a different skin tone , a different nationality or a different culture ...
the term has come into use by various state , federal , municipal , and non - profit agencies in the united states as a way to clearly discriminate in written policy between less intrusive hand - portable watercraft and large , more intrusive watercraft that require boat ramps to launch .
" the spirit is liberated when the discriminate knowledge of the difference between conscious purusha and unconscious prakriti is realized .
clasen 's only conditions for the money were that the new institution would be named stamford hospital , be nonsectarian andnot discriminate in receiving patients .
we can not know what the bat actually hears , but research is continuing on what a bat can hear and discriminate .
while ea does not discriminate against any demographic — all that is needed to join ea is a desire to become emotionally well — ea is not and never has been a program specifically for people of any particular background or treatment history .
to function properly , the immune system must discriminate between self and non - self .
in addition to their discriminate recognition , aptamers offer advantages over antibodies as they can be engineered completely in a test tube , are readily produced by chemical synthesis , possess desirable storage properties , and elicit little or no immunogenicity in therapeutic applications .
thankfully , such discrimination is now illegal , yet it still seems acceptable to discriminate against another minority group , the unemployed , even though many unemployed people are good tenants .
currently many establishments discriminate against barefootedness – one may be refused service and asked to leave if barefoot ( barefootedness is not a protected class , such as race ) , and may be required to wear shoes in the workplace , even if not necessary for safety reasons , such as in office work .
being the primary objective of the experiment the mapping of subsurface layers , the most critical trade - off in the design was that of penetration depth vs resolution : lower frequencies penetrates more , but allowed a smaller signal bandwidth and , therefore , a worst resolution which , in turn , affected the capability to discriminate subsurface echoes close to the surface .
some systems discriminate for bat sized animals ; they determine if the beams are broken by a bat sized animal and ignore all other transits .
the fifth amendment to the united states constitution and fourteenth amendment to the united states constitution limit the power of the federal and state governments to discriminate .
punjabi students association does not discriminate on the basis of ethnicity or language .
the law does not discriminate against any religious group in employment , housing , or health care .
the court emphasized the distinction between the county 's legitimate intent to minimize the discriminatory impact of the test on black applicants , and an intent to discriminate against non - black applicants .
no matter whether your objection to them is reasonable or unreasonable , you can discriminate against them - without being in breach of the law.’ "
section 64 amends the sex discrimination act 1975 and the race relations act 1976 to make it unlawful for a barrister or barrister 's clerk to discriminate against women or against people " on racial grounds " when offering pupillages or tenancies .
being a proud race which glorifies the strong , andalites greatly discriminate against nothlits , who are seen as weak .
as a disability rights activist brimming possibilities in the disabled , perera has aggressively promoted with relentless commitment the concept of " establishing a society that does not marginalise or discriminate against people on the grounds of limited mobility , either for short time , or long time or life time in attending to normal day - to - day life " - the principal problem in this context .
the system scans the road ten times a second , has a 16 degree field of view and land rover claims it is able to discriminate between a heavy vehicle and an adjacent lane motorcycle travelling at least ahead .
this includes withdrawing from land israel occupied after the six - day war in 1967 , respecting the universal right of refugees to return to their homes or receive compensation , dismantling the separation wall and israeli settlements on the west bank and golan heights , and correcting laws and practices within israel which allegedly discriminate against the rights of non - jews .
he stated that it was illegal for the airlines to discriminate against passengers based on their race , color , national or ethnic origin or religion .
some researchers have suggested , of some such experiments , that infants have innate knowledge of those rules the violation of which they can perceptually discriminate .
the u.s. department of education and the national science foundation recognize numerous doctoral degrees as " equivalent " , and do not discriminate between them .
since unstressed vowels are less distinctive , it is not necessary to discriminate the open / close quality .
powell further rejected the state ’s contention that deference to the state legislature was in order , because the statute created such a burden to out - of - state residents , and the legislative history of the “ border - cities ” exemption suggested that iowa ’s real purpose in enacting this law was to discriminate against out - of - state businesses .
the most studied trace and isotopic signatures are strontium due to the same charge and similar ionic radius to calcium ; however , scientists can study multiple trace elements within an otolith to discriminate more specific signatures .
thus small shifts in optical signal center - frequency can be measured : for example , doppler lidar systems can discriminate wind velocities with a resolution better than 1 meter per second , which is less than a part in a billion shift in the optical frequency .
likewise it does not discriminate against very young users , or languages other than english .
fao statistics of the asian region record catches between 4000 and 10 000 tonnes between 1997 and 2007 , although this excludes most fisheries which are not monitored or do n't discriminate between trevally species .
using this information and the knowledge that most urban crimes are committed with handguns , it is possible to discriminate between gunfire and normal community noises by placing acoustic sensors at wide distances so that only extremely loud sounds ( i.e. , gunfire ) can reach several sensors ; this has been termed a ‘
the issue again became prominent as women only colleges throughout the rest of the country began admitting men and following the 2007 announcement that oxford university 's last remaining women - only college , st hilda 's , would admit men , cambridge is the only university in the united kingdom where colleges have admissions policies that discriminate on the basis of gender .
some basic training is offered to beginners and membership is by audition - to test competence , not to discriminate on grounds of physical characteristics .
unlawful for any person or other entity whose business includes engaging in residential real estate - related transactions to discriminate against any person in making available such a transaction , or in the terms or conditions of such a transaction , because of race , color ... or national origin .
charles nibley issued a racist and nationalist letter to stockholders , saying the charges were intended to " discriminate against white labor in this country in favor of negro and japanese labor and producers of cuba , porta rico , hawaii , or the south . "
the citizens could have left the entire matter for the private sector , in which case any regulation they undertook could not discriminate against interstate commerce .
more sophisticated systems use image processing to discriminate the colors of the object , often via a controlled spectra of light , even beyond the visible spectrum into the ir and uv range .
the salvation army 's position is that because it is a church , section vii of the u.s. civil rights act of 1964 explicitly guarantees its right to discriminate on the basis of its religious beliefs in its hiring .
no need to carry nine millimeter clips , do nt wanna squeeze trigger , just wanna squeeze tits " is replaced with " i do nt discriminate , i please chicks .
the sickness funds are mandated to provide a wide range of coverages and can not refuse membership or otherwise discriminate on an actuarial basis .
the spirit who is always free is only a witness to the evolution , even though due to the absence of discriminate knowledge , he misidentifies himself with purusha ( body ) .
20/20 is the visual acuity needed to discriminate two points separated by 1 arc minute — about 1/16 of an inch at 20 feet .
it also provides that a state shall not discriminate amongst its nationals on the basis of whether they are naturalised or native - born citizens .
love became the typical field of experience romances and novels would focus on , as huet noted in his early definition : " i call them fictions , to discriminate them from true histories ; and i add , of love adventures , because love ought to be the principal subject of romance " satirical fictions widened the range of subject matter in the 17th and 18th centuries .
hall 's lawyer , david corbett , argued that the denial of his request violated the ontario education act , which requires school boards in the province not to discriminate .
the second circuit rejected the equal protection claims , because the test was facially neutral , administered and scored in the same way for all candidates , was not designed with an intent to discriminate , and had not resulted in an adverse impact upon the plaintiff class of white , latino and female applicants .
“ it shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer " to discriminate against " any of his employees or applicants for employment ... because he has opposed any practice made an unlawful employment practice by this subchapter , or because he has made acharge , testified , assisted , or participated in any manner in an investigation , proceeding , or hearing under this subchapter . ” §
the " ciganos " are the ethnic group that the portuguese most reject and discriminate against , and are also targets for discriminatory practices from the state administration , namely at a local level , finding persistent difficulties in the access to job placement , housing and social services , as well as in the relation to police forces .
as a consequence , programs to reduce salt will not hold the same benefits for everyone and policies to arbitrarily promote salt reduction will discriminate against a certain segment of the population .
by providing new measures of the effects of learning and teaching , including brain structure and activity , it is possible to discriminate different types of learning method and attainment .
his " attempt to discriminate the styles of architecture in england " shows painstaking research , and ran through many editions .
according to vedanta the wise man should discriminate between the self and the koshas , which are non - self .
all under heaven are my brothers ; how can we discriminate among people because of distance ?
as originally enacted in 1935 , the nlra , then also known as " the wagner act " , makes it illegal for employers to discriminate against workers because of their union membership or retaliate against them for engaging in organizing campaigns or other " concerted activities " , to form " company unions " , or to refuse to engage in collective bargaining with the union that represented their employees .
this is so as not to discriminate unnecessarily against individuals with certain medical problems .
it is thought that the double clicks are used to discriminate between individual birds . " aerodramus sawtelli " , the atiu swiftlet , and " aerodramus maximus " , the black - nest swiftlet are the only known species which emit single clicks .
regulations on demonstrations may affect the time , place , and manner of those demonstrations , but may not discriminate based on the content of the demonstration .
44(1)(d ) and 58 of the canada pension plan infringe s. 15(1 ) of the charter on the ground that they discriminate on the basis of age against widows and widowers under the age of 45 , and if so , whether this infringement is demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society under s. 1 . "
both approaches require the learner to have some phonological awareness ( the ability to hear and discriminate sounds in spoken words ) .
coincidence detection can also be used to discriminate real neutron events from photons and other radiation .
this was for , among other things , voting against the employment non - discrimination act , which would have prohibited discrimination in the workplace based on sexual orientation , and for refusing to adopt a written policy for his own office pledging not to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation in employment decisions .
levels of dqb1 * 0305 are probably higher given earlier tests did not discriminate well between different * 03 .
in the case of discriminate use of amphetamines and similar drugs , physically work capacity actually increases .
he also authored the consumer credit protection act , a bill that forced lenders to state the terms of a loan in plain language and restricted the ability of lenders to discriminate on the basis of gender , race , or income .
however , it is revealed that she was chosen for her post because she is the only knight wyldon knows who would n't discriminate against those not of noble blood .
she does n’t discriminate racially in her personal associations , consorting with loop garoo , the ranch hands , and chief showcase alike .
unlike most arcade games , high scores are not recorded and initials are not used to discriminate between the first player and the second player .
public sector plas can not and do not discriminate between nonunion and union contractors , and nonunion contractors are regularly awarded contracts on pla projects .
google watch has also criticized google 's pagerank algorithms , saying that they discriminate against new websites and favor established sites , and has made allegations about connections between google and the nsa and the cia .
the westphalian registry , or " verband " , does not discriminate on color or markings , however , colors other than black , bay , chestnut , and grey are rare .
in 1991 , the new orleans city council passed an ordinance that required social organizations , including mardi gras krewes , to certify publicly that they did not discriminate on the basis of race , religion , gender or sexual orientation , in order to obtain parade permits and other public licensure .
in our increasingly multi - faith and secular society it is hard to see why our taxes should be used to fund schools which discriminate against the majority of children and potential staff because they are not of the same faith " .
this fact was reflected in the mosaddegh 's rejection of the bill for electoral reform ( which no longer disqualified illiterates from electoral participation ) by the conservative bloc , on the grounds that it would " unjustly discriminate patriots who had been voting for the last forty years " .
judgments of aesthetic value rely on our ability to discriminate at a sensory level .
they stated that unlike a previous pbs documentary , the show was balanced , but portrayed the fathers ' rights movement as promoting conflict , adding that the average viewer does not discriminate between conflict in the public sphere , remote from children , and conflict in the home , which hurts them .
these mistakes can easily be entered into dbsnp if the submitter uses ( 1 ) uncritical bioinformatic alignments of highly similar but distinct dna sequences , and/or ( 2 ) pcrs with primers that can not discriminate between similar but distinct dna sequences .
the main symptoms of music agnosia range from the inability to recognize pitch , rhythm , chords , and notes to the inability to discriminate and recognize familiar songs , and judge tonality , and reproduce musical phrases .
in earliest surviving writings in the lowland scots tongue ( which had hitherto been called english ) , a form of the term " gaidheal " appears to discriminate between gaels from the scottish highlands and gaels from ireland .
( the grave accent can still be used to discriminate tonal emphasis as well as the additional tones of southern tlingit . )
you can discriminate against the moonies or the skinheads or any other group which you dislike or to which you take objection .
" that a special resolution of this kind would be liable to be impeached if the effect of it were to discriminate between the majority shareholders and the minority shareholders , so as to give to the former an advantage of which the latter were deprived .
it does n’t discriminate based on gender , race or age , which also supports the assertion these natural talents are distributed evenly across the population .
pöysti sends kärsämäki to work in the brothel , because they are now legal and can not discriminate employees based on age or sex .
they claim to not be influenced by any particular religion or faith and do not discriminate against anyone based on " nation , religion , cast , creed ” , etc .
" we do not discriminate between sports for normal athletes and disabled athletes , " said youth and sports minister datuk seri ismail sabri yaakob at the pre - launch of the asean para games at menara kbs , here today .
cottle appears to have a strict sense of medical ethics ( possibly having sworn the colonial equivalent of earth 's hippocratic oath ) , and does not discriminate between human and cylon patients : he describes the sexual assault of sharon " athena " agathon as " unforgivable " ; he delivers her baby , hera , by caesarean section ; after the cylon occupation of new caprica , cottle even provides medical care to critically injured cylons .
of course , roads that sped up assyrian troops would not discriminate and would also speed up enemy troops as well .
three airlines , british airways , qantas and air new zealand , have attracted criticism for controversial seating policies which discriminate against adult male passengers on the basis of their gender .
kate martin , the director of the center for national security studies , argued that section 203 and 905 should be modified as she maintains the act fails to discriminate between information gathered between terrorist and non - terrorist investigations .
although farmington country club remains private , and its memberships are by invitation only , it does not discriminate on the basis of age , national origin , race , religion or gender .
it is white in the graphic because of the monochromatic sensor we used , and it can appear white to the eye because the rods in our eye ( used for night vision ) do n't discriminate color . "
tone deafness is the lack of relative pitch , or the inability to discriminate between musical notes .
the university motto , " study extensively ; enquire accurately ; reflect carefully ; discriminate clearly ; practise earnestly " ( 博学、审问、慎思、明辨、笃行 ) , is from one of the chinese classics , " doctrine of the mean " .
some geiger counters display an exposure rate ( e.g. mr·h ) , but this does not relate easily to a dose rate as the instrument does not discriminate between radiation of different energies .
arguably , the purchaser likely to be deceived is not the person who knows nothing about the trademark which has been counterfeited but the person who is in some measure acquainted with an established design , despite the fact that he is too hungry to discriminate between burgers , as in the mcdonald ’s case .
international standard iec 73 , paragraph 333 states that in order for users to discriminate between two different blink rates they must differ by at least a ratio of 1:2.5 .
the court held an amendment of a city charter to discriminate against minorities , and constitute a real , substantial , and invidious denial of the equal protection of the laws under the fourteenth amendment .
others read this passage to suggest that jesus wanted his followers to be very careful in determining where god and caesar came into conflict so as to be able to discriminate appropriately between what they owe to one and to the other — the very opposite of an aloof , apolitical stand , and one exemplified by the persecuted apostles in , when they said in reference to teaching about jesus , “
nawab asaf - ud - daula was a generous and sympathetic ruler , an inveterate builder of monuments and a discriminate patron of the arts .
writing for the majority , justice souter defines two activities title vii protects , saying section 704(a ) " makes it unlawful ' for an employer to discriminate against any ... employe[e ] ' who ( 1 ) ' has opposed any practice made an unlawful employment practice by this subchapter ' ( opposition clause ) , or ( 2 ) ' has made a charge , testified , assisted , or
the protests were largely portrayed in the british media as being solely about the use the european union 's posted workers directive to discriminate against british workers , prompting unite the union to make a statement on 4 february to refute xenophobic comments in the media .
firstly , even though the purpose of the law was to discriminate against victoria , that is not a factor to consider .
it aims to persuade people who discriminate against ginger hair to change their ways and respect ginger haired people just like any other person .
the fact that our hearts do n't speak in the same way is not cause or justification to discriminate .
members of the abc and agc have chosen to boycott pla projects because they feel that the provisions discriminate against them , which could decrease the number of bidders .
institutional transprejudice would be seen in the ways in which government , business , religious , educational , and professional organizations ( e.g. , the medical and psychiatric community ) systematically discriminate against transgender and transsexual individuals .
toxicologists also speak of alcohol intoxication to discriminate from other toxins researched in the field .
currently , private schools and businesses with less than 6 employees are permitted to discriminate on sexuality , disability , gender or age .
although an episcopalian ( he was the founder and first senior warden of in lime rock ) he did not discriminate against roman catholics as so many in that area of new england did at the time .
because these do not discriminate between soldiers and civilians , there are international political movements to ban these various weapons .
robertson held that the definition of " spouse " , as defined by section 2 of the " old age security act " , did not discriminate against the appellants , egan and nesbit , by virtue of the fact that the definition merely created a " distinction " between spouses and non - spouses .
an employer is free to discriminate against a gay employee or subject them to blackmail .
fire has also voiced support for freedom of association by funding and operation of " expressive " student organizations , including campus religious organizations that may discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation or religious belief in membership ( for example at tufts university and at the milwaukee school of engineering ) and fraternities that may engage in " off - color " or " misogynistic " speech .
and named it the principle of relativity in 1904 , according to which no physical experiment can discriminate between a state of uniform motion and a state of rest .
it is also advocating reform of the muslim family law within the framework of equality and justice and works closely with the joint action group for gender equality in malaysia to reform all laws that discriminate against women and to raise public awareness on women 's rights .
proponents state the fairtax would remove the exemptions and deductions that discriminate against gays , singles , childless couples , and others based on spending and lifestyle choices .
“ no chapter shall discriminate in recruitment or in membership based on race , color , religion , national origin , age , disability , ethnic background , sexual orientation , veteran status , marital status , parental status , or political affiliation . ”
inheritance laws do not discriminate against women .
this is an important part of monitoring to discriminate between earthquakes and explosions for the comprehensive test ban treaty .
most outers target those who support decisions and further policy , both religious and secular , which discriminate against gay people while they themselves live a clandestine gay existence .
finally , while each of the test protocols described has the power to discriminate between the consumption of small , moderate , and large quantities of alcohol and gauge alcohol use , only blood and breath testing provide a precise alcohol concentration at a specific point in time .
title vii ’s anti - retaliation provision forbids employer actions that “ discriminate against ” an employee ( or job applicant ) because he has “ opposed ” a practice that title vii forbids or has “ made a charge , testified , assisted , or participated in ” a title vii “ investigation , proceeding , or hearing . ” ( a ) .
anthropologist marianne gullestad accused rehman of reinforcing stereotypes about muslims , and making norwegians think it 's ok to discriminate against immigrants .
the association was not allowed to discriminate against race , religion , or color .
the more advanced system shall favourably discriminate the direction of motion to prevent from alarms on objects moving into the shop as well as keeping quiet for targets moving outside a dual antennae gate .
the reticular formation is a part of the brain that is involved in actions such as awaking / sleeping cycle , and filtering incoming stimuli to discriminate irrelevant background stimuli .
officially they did not discriminate among denominations , but preference was often granted to the anglicans of the britain - based church missionary society .
in 2004 , negotiations with the city resulted with the scouts promising not to " unlawfully discriminate .
for example , male meadow voles and house mice can be classed as either ' infanticidal ' or ' non - infanticidal ' depending on their history with other litters they have sired , although studies have shown that females do not discriminate between these classes when choosing a mate .
his plan mentions : deficit neutrality ; not allowing insurance companies to discriminate based on pre - existing conditions ; capping out of pocket expenses ; creation of an insurance exchange for individuals and small businesses ; tax credits for individuals and small companies ; independent commissions to identify fraud , waste and abuse ; and malpractice reform projects , among other topics .
many researchers in the field challenged the report , because they asserted it was not biologically possible for the bat ’s sonar system to discriminate such small time differences at ultrasonic frequencies .
aside from their ability to discriminate between different gases , adsorbents for psa systems are usually very porous materials chosen because of their large surface areas .
infants now can no longer discriminate most nonnative sound contrasts that fall within the same sound category in their native language .
it is likely that this association is recent , since other cuckoo hosts have learned to discriminate between eggs , and the cuckoo has consequently evolved eggs that match those of its host .
his plan mentions : deficit neutrality ; not allowing insurance companies to discriminate based on pre - existing conditions ; capping out of pocket expenses ; creation of an insurance exchange for individuals and small businesses ; tax credits for individuals and small companies ; independent commissions to identify fraud , waste and abuse ; and malpractice reform projects , among other topics .
a qadi ( islamic judge ) was also not allowed to discriminate on the grounds of religion , race , colour , kinship or prejudice .
title ix of the civil rights act of 1964 says that any institution receiving federal funding may not discriminate against anyone based on gender .
at times , white americans might discriminate against them for their black skin ; african americans might believe that afro - latino immigrants are denying their blackness ; and they think lighter - skinned latinos dominate spanish - language television and media .
it does not discriminate on the basis of race , color , national or ethnic origin , in administration of its educational policies , admission policies , financial aid programs , athletic or other school - administered programs .
justice reed states that he disagrees with the court ’s opinion that the alien land laws of california discriminate against fred oyama , an american citizen .
however , the high court noted an important exception : a board of directors " was " allowed to discriminate against a shareholder if that shareholder possessed a " abusive motive " ( 濫用目的 ) .
although the seminary professes not to discriminate based on theological perspective , the over 900 graduates who currently serve as clergy and lay leaders are overwhelmingly evangelical or traditionalist .
he had to discriminate against many synonyms used in other areas of england ( such as the east anglia , northumberland and mercia ) .
being able to discriminate the members of your own species is of fundamental importance for reproductive success .
the state law was found to discriminate against out - of - state commerce .
" city of philadelphia v. new jersey " , was a case in which the supreme court of the united states held that states could not discriminate against another state 's articles of commerce .
john l. finlay in his book , " social credit : the english origins " disagrees with stingel 's assertion and argues that " it must also be noted that while douglas was critical of some aspects of jewish thought , douglas did not seek to discriminate against jews as a people or race .
legally private universities may not discriminate but generally have a somewhat free hand in setting admissions policies .
the main principle of funding by a u.s. irs 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit is that the booster club may not discriminate in making grants to youth or college students on the basis of their family 's membership in or funding to the club , or the family 's fund - raising or time put into club activities .
to discriminate between notes it is necessary to display notes within a single octave as in figure 1 .
this gave greater depth , but was a non - discriminate mode .
in addition , iq tests like the wechsler were not intended to discriminate reliably much beyond iq 145 , as ceiling effects become a concern .
but you must not discriminate against a man because of his colour or of his race or of his nationality , or of “ his ethnic or national origins . ”
such wavelength dependence may make it possible to discriminate between ice and dust , and serve as an indicator of the effective particle size .
the government also claimed some private firms were using the list to discriminate in favour of petitioners .
in addition , eim can use anisotropy to discriminate between myopathic and neurogenic disease .
in west africa , the " osu " caste systems of eastern nigeria and southern cameroon are derived from indigenous religious beliefs and discriminate against the " osus " people as " owned by deities " and outcasts .
examples include the ability to discriminate between sharp and dull objects touching the skin , stereognosis , graphesthesia , and two - point discrimination .
since 1995 , an aids law has made it illegal to discriminate against plwha .
in the statement from the organisation they said : " this operation is one of the discriminate ways we can bring to the attention of the english people the continuing occupation of our country . "
the law however explicitly forbids " the promotion of any religious doctrine and will not discriminate against religion or non - religion .
u.s. military documents do not discriminate the japanese from korean dead ; however , the korean government 's truth commission for forced labor under japanese imperialism reports an official figure from the japanese government of 310 koreans killed in the american invasion of kwajalein .
though the club does not discriminate in its selection of members , membership is by invitation from an existing member only .
mahoney , in a concurring judgment , adopts the reasoning of the trial judge , asserting that the definition of " spouse " in the " old age security act " does not discriminate against the appellants .
thus the optotype can only be recognized if the person viewing it can discriminate a spatial pattern separated by a visual angle of 1 minute of arc .
later hiltgen , paterson and brandestini published a paper showing in particular , a single - track gray code could be constructed that has exactly 360 angular positions , using only 9 sensors , the same as a brgc with the same resolution ( it would be impossible to discriminate that many positions with any fewer sensors ) .
however , because the commission believes the bnp will continue to discriminate against potential or actual members on racial grounds , on 24 august 2009 the commission announced that they had issued county court proceedings against the bnp .
3 should preferably discriminate among isomers
leuchter and rudolf claim to have measured much more cyanide in the delousing chambers than in the homicidal gas chambers , but since they did not discriminate against an unreliable factor , critics maintain that instant bias is introduced into their experiments .
that is , the neuronal responses can discriminate small changes in visual orientations , spatial frequencies and colors .
his plan mentions : deficit neutrality ; not allowing insurance companies to discriminate based on pre - existing conditions ; capping out of pocket expenses ; creation of an insurance exchange for individuals and small businesses ; tax credits for individuals and small companies ; independent commissions to identify fraud , waste and abuse ; and malpractice reform projects , among other topics .
recently it was discovered that infants as young as 3 months of age clearly discriminate between triadic and non triadic contexts .
the meditation centre is open to all people – both monastic and laity – and does not discriminate on the basis of religion , nationality , sex , or any other factor .
since the late 1990s , it is generally illegal to discriminate against some one because they have hiv / aids , and such persons are entitled to medical care regardless of their nationality .
additionally , under article 11 of the political parties law , june 2002 ( ley orgánica 6/2002 , de 27 de junio , de partidos políticos ) , parties and individual candidates may be prevented from standing by the spanish supreme court ( tribunal supremo ) , if they are judged to have violated article 9 of that law which prohibits parties which are perceived to discriminate against people on the basis of ideology , religion , beliefs , nationality , race , gender or sexual orientation ( article 9a ) , foment or organise violence as a means of achieving political objectives ( article 9b ) or support or compliment the actions of " terrorist organisations " ( article 9c ) .
116f.21 did not discriminate between interstate and intrastate commerce .
its long title is descriptive : " attempt to discriminate the styles of english architecture from the conquest to the reformation ; preceded by a sketch of the grecian and roman orders , with notices of nearly five hundred english buildings .
the markers bdca-2 , bdca-3 , and bdca-4 can be used to discriminate among the types .
its also unlawful to discriminate against same - sex parents in relation to their employment entitlements , hence enabling same - sex parents to access parental leave .
in the employment context , the right of equal protection limits the power of the state and federal governments to discriminate in their employment practices by treating employees , former employees , or job applicants unequally because of membership in a group ( such as a race or sex ) .
the understanding of the succession of styles was still very weak , as suggested by the title of thomas rickman 's pioneering book on english architecture : " an attempt to discriminate the styles of english architecture from the conquest to the reformation " ( 1817 ) .
direct scaling tests show the ability to discriminate among different intensities of stimuli and whether a stimuli of one quality ( sweet ) is stronger or weaker than a stimuli of another quality ( sour ) .
christian feminists believe that god does not discriminate on the basis of biologically - determined characteristics such as sex and race .
americans still feel it 's acceptable to discriminate against atheists in ways considered beyond the pale for other groups , " asserted fred edwords of the american humanist association .
there should be no leniency towards those who seek to discriminate on the basis of religion and region , " sonia gandhi said .
before and after the referendum there were accusations that the list , published online by national assembly member luis tascón as part of the verification of signatures , was being used by the government to discriminate against the petitioners .
between 1830 and 1832 the mexican congress passed a series of laws that seemed to discriminate against anglo colonists in the province of coahuila y tejas , increasing tension between the anglo citizenry and mexican officials .
what allowed detectors to discriminate between metals was the fact that every metal has a different phase response when exposed to alternating current .
jnana yoga is a process of learning to discriminate between what is real and what is not , what is eternal and what is not .
computer reservations systems ( crs ) also often do not discriminate between direct flights and code sharing flights and present both before options that involve several isolated stretches run by different companies .
it is important to note , however , that uim operators have been reluctant to use deadly force in the past , instead preferring to use non - lethal methods , intimidation , and non - discriminate fire ( shoot only when being shot at ) that enable them to capture instead of to kill .
he argues it is hypocritical and racist for the white gay elite to complain about homophobia in the mainstream culture , yet discriminate against gay people of colour .
equality impact assessment ( eqia ) is a process designed to ensure that a policy , project or scheme does not discriminate against any disadvantaged or vulnerable people .
the hospital does not discriminate patients depending upon the financial status and aims at providing a single high standard of eye care .
mtcs does not discriminate in the administration of its education and admissions policies , financial aid program , or any other school program offered for students .
he did not discriminate against hindus but employed eligible hindus in his court as governors and officers .
thomas rickman , a keen architectural historian and author of " an attempt to discriminate the styles of english architecture " , investigated the church in 1819 .
the european commission , within the proposals to amend the european regulatory framework for the electronic communications networks and services published on 13 november 2007 , considers that prioritisation , or in other words product differentiation , " is generally considered to be beneficial for the market so long as users have choice to access the transmission capabilities and the services they want " and " consequently , the current eu rules allow operators to offer different services to different customers groups , but not allow those who are in a dominant position to discriminate in an anti - competitive manner between customers in similar circumstances . "
due to victim 's ability to discriminate between foe and helper , the blennies have evolved close similarity , right down to the regional level .
dominican academy does not discriminate on the basis of race , color , creed , or ethnic origin .
you must not discriminate on the grounds of nationality or place of residence in the general conditions you make publicly available.16
the coach agrees to let viola keep playing anyway , sternly informing the cornwall coach that illyria does n't discriminate based on gender .
many deaf individuals faced audism , a new term meaning to discriminate based on the inability to hear .
science is open to the possibility that future experiments might support more complex theories than demanded by current data and is more interested in designing experiments to discriminate between competing theories than favoring one theory over another based merely on philosophical principles .
despite the use of christian symbolism , the organization is not affiliated with any particular religious organization and does not discriminate .
on 26 september 2007 , the leader of the national party of retirees and pensioners , tomasz mamiński announced his party 's withdrawal from the campaign , stating that polish electoral law and media bias discriminate against smaller parties .
cable isps and the dsl isps have market power and have both the incentive and opportunity to discriminate with regard to content and applications used over their networks .
voluntary aided schools such as church of england and catholic schools are not allowed to discriminate against staff of other faiths except in the appointment of religious education teachers .
image_layer - line.shp : a set of " x"s , one for each box , to help discriminate overlapping footprints for each image layer
the infrared sensor uses two colors to discriminate infrared countermeasures ( ircm ) from the real target and was supplied by south africa 's kentron ( denel group ) .
when a state is acting in such a role , it may permissibly discriminate against non - residents .
additionally , anti - discrimination legislation introduced in 2000 made it illegal to discriminate against people based on their sexual orientation .
thus , il-2 is required to discriminate between self and non - self , another one of the unique characteristics of the immune system .
there certainly was the time and talent for fraud to play a role , but we can not discriminate between that possibility and the possibility of unconscious production— at any rate , given these circumstances , there seems little need to consider the involvement of any supernatural agency . "
sound change has no memory : sound change does not discriminate between the sources of a sound .
the two stable carbon isotopes are 12c and 13c. the c3 pathway will discriminate against the heavier isotope more than the c4 pathway .
vendors at the ithaca , new york|ithaca farmers ' market began rolling their wares down the main aisle with the intent to stay warm ; vendors did not discriminate about what they threw , and even frozen chickens were utilized .
because this equality has been historically ignored , christian feminists believe their contributions are necessary for a complete understanding of christianity . while there is no standard set of beliefs among christian feminists , most agree that god does not discriminate on the basis of biologically - determined characteristics such as sex .
the program was bundled as part of the commsuite 95 suite of products , and featured a telephony application programming interface that could discriminate whether an incoming call was a fax , data communications , or a regular voice call .
writing for the majority , presiding justice william r. mcguiness found : the marriage statutes do not discriminate based on gender ; the state ’s interests in " preserving the traditional definition of marriage " and " carrying out the expressed wishes of a majority of californians " were sufficient to preserve the existing law ; and challenges from the two groups opposed to same - sex marriage had to be dismissed because they lacked standing in any actual controversy on which the court could rule .
the racist content of the state was seen in many laws which discriminate against non - jews and in favor of jews .
recent research has demonstrated a way to discriminate the two species using dna sequencing of the its regions .
" good news club v. milford central school " , held that when a government operates a " limited public forum , " it may not discriminate against speech that takes place within that forum on the basis of the viewpoint it expresses — in this case , against religious speech engaged in by an evangelical christian club for children .
as late as 1988 , the club refused to promise california state authorities that it would not discriminate against people based on race , sex , or religion .
mental health providers must usually hold a license or in some cases a national certification before receiving reimbursement from insurance companies , although insurance companies as well as medicaid and medicare heavily favor clinical social workers and discriminate against equally qualified masters level clinicians such as lmhc 's and lmft 's , who are not allowed to bill medicaid / medicare for the same psychotherapeutic services .
it streamlines the adoption process and does not discriminate " .
charles s. peirce randomly assigned volunteers to a blinded , repeated - measures design to evaluate their ability to discriminate weights .
the prospect of such a concordat has raised concerns among nongovernmental organizations ( ngos ) that believe that it would discriminate against religious minorities .
although these movements are very individual in their exact philosophies they generally stress the spiritual , secular and logical and scientific aspects of the vedic traditions , creating a form that is egalitarian that does not discriminate based on jāti ( caste or subcaste ) , gender , or race .
1999 point / counterpoint : failure to discriminate : querying oxidizable carbon ratio ( ocr ) dating .
built in 1773 , the union school was one of the very earliest public schools in pennsylvania , and the first that did not discriminate based on social position or religious preference .
he is co - author , with warren farrell and james sterba , of the gender studies textbook , " does feminism discriminate against men ? "
it becomes increasingly difficult to discriminate among two places on a number line as the distance between the two places decreases — known as the " distance effect " .
following the 2007 announcement that oxford university 's last remaining women - only college , st hilda 's , would admit men , cambridge is the only university in the united kingdom where colleges have admissions policies that discriminate on the basis of gender .
because any value simply consists of a sequence of bits in a computer , hardware makes no intrinsic distinction even between memory addresses , instruction code , characters , integers and floating - point numbers , being unable to discriminate between them based on bit pattern alone . associating a sequence of bits and a type informs programs and programmers how that sequence of bits should be understood .
furthermore , control measures usually do not discriminate between dingoes and other domestic dogs .
altruists discriminate between the individuals they help and favor relatives .
multifrequency terminating senders accepted a fifth digit to discriminate among office codes served by the same office .
the second case , a civil rights suit filed in federal district court , by the district , the city , and other interested parties , contended that the state 's funding practices discriminate against school districts with large numbers of non - white students ; the school district of philadelphia was a key complainant in this case .
the district judge ruled that a pilot 's discretion " does not grant them a license to discriminate " ( the advocate , santa clara university school of law newsletter ) .
farrell ’s most recent book , " does feminism discriminate against men ? " , published by oxford university press in 2008 , is a debate book with male - feminist co - author james sterba .
this is voluntary guidance to encourage employers to make decisions that do not discriminate against someone because of how old they are .
later , some dup mps have spoken out against homosexuality in different ways , while tending to avoid outright calls to punish or discriminate against gay people .
inexperienced users are often advised to exercise caution , or to seek help when using the latter option , as hijackthis does not discriminate between legitimate and unwanted items , with the exception of a small whitelist of legitimate entries — thus allowing a user unintentionally to prevent important programs from operating , which may cause their system or its peripherals to stop working .
