from the security perspective , a free and public disclosure is only successful if the affected parties get the relevant information prior to potential hackers , if they did not the hackers could take immediate advantage of the revealed exploit .
translation : " pitaka - disclosure " , tr nanamoli , 1964 , pali text society , bristol
preparation of a war of aggression , high treason against the federation , treason , disclosure of illegal secrets , engaging in relations that endanger peace , child abuse causing death , sexual assault causing death , robbery causing death , arson causing death , abduction for the purpose of blackmailing causing death , taking hostages causing death , causing a nuclear explosion causing death , causing an explosion causing death , misuse of ionising radiation causing death , attacking a driver for the purpose of committing a robbery causing death , attack on air and sea traffic causing death
" the impact of loss or disclosure of the data can have many serious consequences .
rabbi yosef blau , religious adviser at yeshiva university and an advocate for survivors of clergy sexual abuse and misconduct , has said that the awareness center 's website is very valuable " [ s]ince you ca n't get people arrested and there are no court cases , you have to use a standard that 's reasonable and [ disclosure ] works in that context " .
the disclosure of the losses - particularly rose 's - leads to an argument with his father where james is berated for his failures .
in " riley v. city of chester " , the court held that a reporter 's right to protect his sources from disclosure could be overcome by a party who , by a preponderance of the evidence , demonstrated that he has made an effort to obtain the information elsewhere , that the only access to the information sought is through the journalist and his or her source , and that the information sought is crucial to the case .
examples of policy appliance technologies for rules - based processing include analytic filters , contextual search , semantic programs , labeling and wrapper tools , and drm , among others ; policy appliance technologies for selective disclosure include anonymization , content personalization , subscription and publishing tools , among others ; and , policy appliance technologies for accountability and oversight include authentication , authorization , immutable and non - repudiable logging , and audit tools , among others .
in business , the executive officers are the top officers of a corporation , the chief executive officer ( ceo ) being the best - known type . the definition varies ; for instance , the california corporate disclosure act defines " executive officers " as the five most highly - compensated officers not also sitting on the board of directors .
similar to other flu patients , the identity and disclosure of the sick person was not publicized to promote confidentiality .
the announcement followed by just six days the disclosure that he had pleaded guilty on august 1 , 2007 to a reduced misdemeanor charge arising out of his arrest on june 11 at the minneapolis airport for soliciting sex with a man in the restroom .
annual disclosure reports .
exoconsciousness and disclosure .
tom mulcahy , group chief executive of aib from 1994 to june 2001 , resigned the chairmanship of the board of aer lingus on 28 may 2004 following the disclosure of this matter .
these regulations can require disclosure of a lot of specific financial and other information about the business and give buyers certain remedies .
in 2000 , as a result of budget cuts , " 24 hours " was cancelled and replaced by " canada now , " of which swain anchored the winnipeg portion for a year before leaving for " disclosure " .
as the first foreign consultant to gain the confidence of the and the chinese academy of science he was named special advisor to china for research and international cooperation in the fight against sars and was instrumental in promoting disclosure and outside collaborations in infectious disease research and public health management .
on january 22 , 2010 , the science and technology select committee of the parliament of the united kingdom announced it would conduct an inquiry into the incident , examining the implications of the disclosure for the integrity of scientific research , reviewing the scope of the independent muir russell review announced by the uea , and reviewing the independence of international climate data sets .
disclosure of statements made in the army 's investigation .
leglislative council debate to force disclosure .
for new leases you have to provide the tenant with a copy of the unsigned agreement ( with the names and addresses of the parties included ) , a disclosure statement , and a government – prepared information brochure , the nsw the retail tenancy guide . when negotiations are commenced , and in no case less than 7 days before the lease is entered into .
information security ( isec ) describes activities that relate to the protection of information and information infrastructure assets against the risks of loss , misuse , disclosure or damage .
" the wall street journal " , " the washington post " , and two connecticut papers have demanded further disclosure from dodd regarding the mozilo loans .
following a number of high - profile book releases about the regiment , candidates for selection are required to sign a non - disclosure agreement , in addition to their duties under the official secrets act .
in april 2008 , its annual results disappointed the city and raised questions about its disclosure standards and the high level of cash burn .
it also considers adoption disclosure applications from people where an adoption agency is proposing that protected information from adoption records will be disclosed or withheld , contrary to the views expressed by the person the information is about .
efforts by sparc , now headed by kissam 's widow sandra , and other citizen activists to find out about who might be bidding and what they planned to do with stewart were blocked by the state 's invocation of a clause in its state finance law prohibiting disclosure of competitive bids prior to the award of the contract , an interpretation which survived a court challenge .
the company privacy policy regarding disclosure of customer information states that they will not tolerate the use of their service for protecting the anonymity of hackers .
there has been some discussion in the media regarding disclosure as it pertains to the use of professional medical writers in this endeavor .
a person seeking a court order must be able to demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that there is a compelling reason for disclosure that outweighs maintaining the confidentiality of a party to an adoption .
on august 30 , 2006 , tsa retroactively marked maclean 's disclosure more than 6 months after he was fired on april 11 , 2006 .
meanwhile , the staff deals with a crisis in haiti and questions from congressional democrats regarding the president 's health , following his disclosure that he suffers from ms .
the collection comprises books , leaflets , journal articles , catalogs among other materials for disclosure .
i.e. where disclosure might be unnecessary , unreliable , or out - of - date – the applicant should be given the opportunity to make representations before the information is released .
his next novel , " disclosure " , published in 1994 , addresses the theme of sexual harassment previously explored in his 1972 " binary " .
a disclosure of this could be potentially embarrassing or damaging to asahara .
cmro supports and follows the various good publishing practice guidelines and initiatives promulgated by such organizations as icmje , ismpp , cope , nlm and others that encourage transparency / disclosure of financial relationships with industry .
professor summers also promised greater disclosure and more attempts to tie the funds to foreclosure mitigation efforts .
according to pennebaker , healthy self - disclosure can reduce distress and rumination when it leads to greater insight and understanding about the source of one 's problems .
red menace ” , and the disclosure of widespread corruption among federal employees ( including some high - level members of truman 's administration ) left truman at a low political ebb .
on april 23 , 1310 , peter , with three others , went before the commission and demanded what amounts to full disclosure of their accusers and all the information and evidence gathered in the case .
primary duties include establishing the executive branch standards of conduct ; issuing rules and regulations interpreting the criminal conflict of interest restrictions ; establishing the framework for the public and confidential financial disclosure systems for executive branch employees ; developing training and education programs for use by executive branch ethics officials and employees ; and setting the requirements for , supporting , and reviewing individual agency ethics programs to ensure they are functioning properly .
ironically , the decision to mark the information as sensitive would take place only after a disclosure .
however many people adopt strategies allowing them to control the level of disclosure of their personal information online .
publishing in two languages ( japanese and english ) , the jcn newswire distributes company announcements , press releases and regulatory disclosure for investor relations professionals from any listed and non - listed business entity worldwide to the real - time news terminals , such as bloomberg , reuters and the internet , in japanese and english simultaneously .
north york introduced an election expenses disclosure by - law one year after davidson 's dismissal , although north york mayor mel lastman argued that the two developments were unrelated .
companies that are subject to public disclosure to regulators or their shareholders must demonstrate that the purchase or a sale of a derivatives is true and fair hedge , not speculation .
some advocate immediate full disclosure of information about vulnerabilities once they are discovered .
wilkins commiserated with his harried friend and then changed the course of dna history with the following disclosure .
deliberative process privilege is the common - law principle that the internal processes of the executive branch of a government are immune from normal disclosure or discovery in civil litigations , freedom of information act requests , etc .
a work is protected for 50 years pma , or from the date of disclosure for anonymous or pseudonymous works .
jeff shockey ’s disclosure forms and lobbying records show that letitia white took over at least 19 of shockey ’s local clients after he left the firm . )
the irregularity allowed by mr. dochow let indymac hide from publicity the fact that the threat to indymac 's brokered deposits was not just a possible outcome but was a situation which had already begun - months before the disclosure of senator schumer 's concerns about ots and indymac .
disclosure of information guidelines for manufacturers .
if it is possible to ascertain this fact from the company 's public documents , the doctrine of disclosure and the doctrine of constructive notice will apply and not the turquand rule .
under the cable tv privacy act of 1984 , a cable isp may be required to notify its subscribers and obtain consent before disclosing any personally identifiable information , but the statute provides limited exceptions to the consent requirement , including disclosure made pursuant to a court order .
boyce considered going to the press , but believed the media 's earlier disclosure of cia involvement in the 1973 chilean coup d'état , which had resulted in the overthrow and killing of chilean president salvador allende , had not changed anything for the better .
on july 12 , 2006 , the iowa ethics and campaign disclosure board unanimously voted to close the investigation with a finding of no probable cause to believe that a violation of a statute or rule under the board 's jurisdiction occurred .
the organizers of the campaign expressed optimism that then president - elect barack obama would be sympathetic to their cause because key members of his administration have previously involved themselves in the ufo disclosure issue .
since pierre and igor are both members of the thirteen , members of the group are forced to reconstitute to prevent the disclosure , and thomas , ettiene and the ruthless lawyer lucie de graffe ( françoise fabian ) meet to discuss what to do .
confidentiality is the term used to prevent the disclosure of information to unauthorized individuals or systems .
ibm kept some secrets , as coppersmith explains : " after discussions with nsa , it was decided that disclosure of the design considerations would reveal the technique of differential cryptanalysis , a powerful technique that could be used against many ciphers .
although 92% of sites it examined collected personal information from consumers , only 14% posted any disclosure regarding information practices .
meeting sec disclosure requirements and preparing us - gaap reconciliations were cited as the most important disadvantages .
the coalition for open government , a group that advocates the reform of election finance law in new zealand , opposed parts of the bill , particularly the failure of the bill to ban secret donations to political parties , given the strong financial disclosure requirements placed on third parties .
following the inauguration of obama , clinton 's confirmation was not done by voice vote the same day , due to objections from republican senator john cornyn of texas , who was still concerned about financial disclosure procedures related to bill clinton .
chinese president hu jintao promised a total disclosure of sars data and permitted who experts to examine the sars cases .
it is impossible for an outside authority to confirm that a network is not paying settlements of any type because such business agreements are frequently not public information , or even covered under a non - disclosure agreement .
in a wrongful birth case the plaintiff must show that the doctor failed follow the standard of care with respect the diagnosis or disclosure of the plaintiffs’ risk of transmitting genetic or congenital abnormalities to their children .
its provisions include hiring substantial numbers of additional court and moj personnel , revising bar examinations , establishing new graduate law schools to increase the overall number of legal professionals threefold by 2010 , and requiring that courts and opposing litigants jointly work to improve trial planning by allowing for earlier evidence collection and disclosure .
information held by the service is exempt from disclosure under section 23 of the freedom of information act 2000 .
personal information protection and electronic documents act ( pipeda ) was given royal assent in canada on april 13 , 2000 to establish rules on the use , disclosure and collection of personal information .
journalist harriet ann phillippi requested that the cia provide disclosure of both the glomar project and its attempts to censor the story , to which the cia chose to " neither confirm nor deny " both the project 's existence and its attempts to keep the story unpublished .
the disclosure was made in a newspaper column entitled " written by robert novak , and published on july 14 , 2003 .
this is claimed to be an open standard ; it is however only accessible to companies and under a non - disclosure agreement .
nms has positioned itself as an industry leader in online marketing ethics and best practices , publishing an online statement about its standards , stressing community involvement and disclosure .
according to its web site , napfa 's core values are competency , comprehensive financial planning , objective fee - only compensation , a client - centered fiduciary relationship , and complete disclosure of fees .
no disclosure was made to the radio stations that the us border patrol had commissioned the compact disc with content devised by elevación , a hispanic advertising agency based in washington and new york .
pearce 's political decline actually began in 1972 , with the disclosure that the state market commission had granted $ 330,000 in state loans to winnfield minerals , inc. , which went broke without repaying any of the funds .
gravel , too , wanted to privately publish the portion of the papers he had read into the record , believing that " immediate disclosure of the contents of these papers will change the policy that supports the war . "
one of the non - sci fi movies that uses vr as a story driver is 1994 's " disclosure " , starring michael douglas and based on the michael crichton book of the same name .
it states , if the final annual percentage rate apr is off by more than.125% from the initial gfe disclosure then the lender must re - disclose and wait yet another three business days before closing on the transaction .
generally , securities laws require additional disclosure requirements to be met if the issue is to be offered to all investors .
corporation finance is the division that oversees the disclosure made by public companies as well as the registration of transactions , such as mergers , made by companies .
bernstein , long a promoter of the idea that full disclosure is the best method to promote software security and founder of the , publicly announced 44 of them with sample exploit code .
there is a non - disclosure agreement in place so the exact details of the agreement are unknown .
the disclosure was intended to attract new members to the post but it set in motion a nationwide controversy that pitted hardliners against civil libertarians .
in the u.s. the ftc requires that the franchisee be furnished with a disclosure agreement by the franchisor , at least ten days before money changes hands .
the labor management reporting and disclosure act ( lmrda ) of 1959 regulates the internal affairs of labor unions , requiring regular secret - ballot elections for local union offices and providing for federal investigation of election fraud or impropriety .
arc is a registered umbrella body offering a full service to enable member organisations to obtain a criminal records bureau disclosure and protection of vulnerable adults ( pova ) check for all staff .
the result was that in 2003 , florida created a system where the default brokerage relationship had " all licensees … operating as transaction brokers , unless a single agent or no brokerage relationship is established , in writing , with the customer " and the statute required written disclosure of the transaction brokerage relationship to the buyer or seller customer only through july 1 , 2008 .
given the disclosure of his extramarital affair in mid - june , his presidential aspirations were put in limbo .
some merely require a driver to pass a criminal records bureau disclosure and have a reasonably clean driving licence , while others use their own localised versions of london 's the knowledge test .
on the dvd commentary track for stargate sg1 season 6 episode 17 ( " disclosure " ) , davis said he once worked carving wooden " cigar store indians " that were sold at silver dollar city .
it is a patent application with a specification , i.e. a description , and drawing(s ) of an invention ( drawings are required where necessary for the understanding of the subject matter sought to be patented ) , but does not require formal patent claims , inventors ' oaths or declarations , or any information disclosure statement ( ids ) .
in general , the church discourages against all groups that " challenge religious and moral values , " " foster physical contact among participants , " or " encourage open confession or disclosure of personal information normally discussed only in confidential settings .
in its successful representation of french and u.s. clients in the de lorean sports car fiasco in northern ireland , the disclosure of cabinet minutes was compelled for the first time in british history .
the disclosure had no negative effect on calhoun 's career and only served to solidify his bad boy image .
critics believe the opinion could have repercussions such as " expanding inevitable disclosure doctrine " to the detriment of anybody attempting to further their career in a particular field by moving to another company in the same industry .
landrum was one of the primary sponsors of the labor management reporting and disclosure act , also known as the landrum - griffin act .
the zardoz list , more formally known as the security - digest list , was a famous semi - private full disclosure mailing list run by neil gorsuch from 1989 through 1991 , identifying weaknesses in systems and where to find them .
private disclosure .
following disclosure of the bishop 's involvement in vati - con , the council of parishes of southern new jersey demanded " a complete halt to the bishop ’s planned church closure program . "
the claims made in disclosure hearings sparked speculation as political observers and online commentators attempted to determine why these searches took place .
hedge funds ( such as the children 's investment fund ( tci ) ) have attempted to use total return swaps to side - step public disclosure requirements enacted under the williams act .
the disaster was one of a number that influenced thinking leading to the public interest disclosure act 1998 .
target transparency aims to reduce specific risks or performance problems through selective disclosure by corporations and other organizations .
like many bodies producing open standards , oasis has a patent disclosure policy requiring participants to disclose intent to apply for software patents for technologies under consideration in the standard .
the students at the school have traditionally maintained a policy of grade non - disclosure whereby they do not release grades .
some hoped that clues would emerge with the recent disclosure of the historical archives to the public by the inah ( mexico 's national institute of antropology and history ) , but this has not happened .
on october 4 , 2006 bill lockyer the california attorney general charged dunn with four felonies for her role in the hp investigation into the unauthorized disclosure of company information .
since then , criticisms have focused on claims of historical revisionism , homophobia , racism , sexist policies , and inadequate financial disclosure .
the uk parliament refused to disclose the information for a total of two years , going as far as the high court to prevent its disclosure .
" compulsive disclosure " is the fourth full - length release from punk rock band pinhead gunpowder , released in 2003 .
continuing secrecy and official objections to full disclosure .
in other cases , vendors were trying to enforce non - disclosure agreements on the customers who requested refunds .
geist reports that " reports suggest that trade negotiators have been required to sign non - disclosure agreements for fear of word of the treaty 's provisions leaking to the public . "
coleman 's most recent senate financial disclosure form discloses that laurie coleman gets a salary from hays companies , but senate rules do not require the salary amount to be revealed .
nigel farage expenses disclosure .
according to the mandatory fiscal disclosure report that he filed with the federal election commission in 2000 , he then owned more than $ 3 million worth of stocks and mutual fund shares ; his single largest holding was more than $ 1 million worth of stock in cisco systems , inc.
the bias ratio is a concrete metric that detects valuation bias or deliberate price manipulation of portfolio assets by a manager of a hedge fund , mutual fund or similar investment vehicle , without requiring disclosure ( transparency ) of the actual holdings .
before fuller 's termination , attempts were made by former president jimmy carter to broker an agreement that would allow fuller to retire with his $ 79,000 salary intact ; when fuller was found to have violated the non - disclosure portion of this agreement , he was subsequently fired .
ssi was created to help share transportation - related information deemed too revealing for public disclosure between federal government agencies ; state , local , tribal , and foreign governments ; u.s. and foreign air carriers ; and others .
full disclosure ( media ) .
in some instances however , the statute may be overridden by an accused ’s constitutional right to disclosure of exculpatory evidence .
in most states law entitles the tenant , if she gives you the proper notice , to withhold payment of rent until the disclosure requirements are complied with ( but any rent they do pay they ca n’t get back ) .
part v of the act deals with four elements of entering into a credit or hire agreement ; pre - contract disclosure , the formalities of entry into a regulated agreement , cancellation of a regulated agreement and its consequences and withdrawal from a prospective regulated agreement and its consequences .
this type of training is controversial as the behaviors it encourages are often self - disclosure and openness , which many people believe an organization ultimately punishes .
open disclosure merely discloses that which the parties should be required to disclose in an atmosphere of trust and efficiency that should reduce legal costs .
disclosure of non - confidential information was also a criminal offence under the official secrets act 1911 .
the select committee 's work led directly to the enactment of the labor - management reporting and disclosure act ( public law 86 - 257 , also known as the landrum - griffin act ) on september 14 , 1959 .
on may 9 , 2001 , mark mccandlish testified on the televised news conference held by the disclosure project , at the national press club , washington , d.c.
a study of toronto health care leaders revealed eight key issues facing their organizations : resource allocation , business development , charitable fundraising , disagreement over treatment decisions , access to care for the uninsured , disclosure of risk , workplace ethics , and conflict of interest .
school non - disclosure policy .
in political , casual or even humorous contexts , " coming out " means by extension the self - disclosure of a person 's secret behaviors , beliefs , affiliations , tastes , and interests that may cause astonishment or bring shame .
judge tatel concurred , suggesting that there is a federal common law , qualified journalist privilege , but that it was not met in this case because the grand jury ’s need for the journalists’ testimony outweighed the burden of disclosure on newsgathering .
adley worked closely to develop income - disclosure legislation and has endorsed the blueprint for louisiana , a list of reforms pushed by a " good - government " group .
the standard itself is not open and is available only to zensys customers under non - disclosure agreement .
while saying this , nicholls also suggested that the initial test was not necessarily an improper one , but that lloyd j had overlooked the element of public interest in the disclosure .
in 2005 , he sold some of that land to a part of the company , making a profit of between $ 1.1 million and $ 6 million , according to his financial disclosure report ( which requires reporting a dollar range , not an exact dollar figure ) .
financial disclosure requirements are more stringent for quoted companies .
the disclosure shocked norway , as well as its nato allies , as the espionage had been carried out through the peak of the cold war .
this basic right warrants in this respect the capacity of the individual to determine in principle the disclosure and use of his / her personal data .
information disclosure statements ( idss ) are not permitted in provisional applications .
frustration with the adr was the primary motivation for the passing of the adoption information disclosure act in november 2005 .
in january 2007 deputy us marshal john thomas ambrose was charged with theft of justice department property , disclosure of confidential information , and lying to federal agents during an investigation .
the dutch military intelligence agency , mivd , feared at that time that the disclosure of the gladio history of these weapons was politically explosive .
as if anticipating the court ’s decision , andrews argued that if the statute of limitations was to commence on the date on which liability arises , the date should be the date on which the inaccuracies come to the attention of the potential plaintiff , rather than the date on which the credit reporting agency made the inaccurate disclosure .
this section amended the non - disclosure requirements of by expanding to include those whose facilities are used to establish the trap and trace or pen register or to those people who assist with applying the surveillance order who must not disclose that surveillance is being undertaken .
kenneth barnes ( who was imprisoned on unrelated drug charges at the time ) was also charged without disclosure of the specific crimes .
a number of issues contribute to the difficulty in presenting a clear figure for a make / model / year , such as lack of central reporting of aircraft sales for either tax or license requirements , the complexity of individual aircraft value calculations , the timing of sales ( long timeframes from offer to closing during which time the market can go up or down substantially ) , multiple synchronous closings for jet aircraft in particular , international currency sales , and non - disclosure - of - price terms included in many transaction documents .
the marking and disclosure aspects of the regulation were intended to take effect on july 1 , 2006 , but were postponed twice to march 1 , 2007 .
in recent years , the catholic church has implemented policies promoting disclosure of cases of abuse , and sexual offenders among the clergy have increasingly been directed toward external agencies .
full disclosure ( film ) .
the kopolow business library offers dow jones interactive , lexis / nexis , infotrac , and abi , as well as databases provided by moody 's , standard & poor 's , hoover 's , and disclosure .
disclosure ( novel ) .
in a " faculty disclosure " statement in an asthma - related publication , it was declared that eggleston is " a consultant for chlorine chemistry council , church and dwight , merck sharp & dohme , and procter & gamble , and is on the speakers ' bureau for astrazeneca , glaxosmithkline , and merck . "
melham also spoke out against the howard government 's changes to the rules concerning political donations , which allowed donations of up to $ 10,000 to be given to political parties without public disclosure .
( 1 ) having knowingly accessed a computer without authorization or exceeding authorized access , and by means of such conduct having obtained information that has been determined by the united states government pursuant to an executive order or statute to require protection against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national defense or foreign relations , or any restricted data , as defined in paragraph y. of section 11 of the atomic energy act of 1954 , with reason to believe that such information so obtained could be used to the injury of the united states , or to the advantage of any foreign nation willfully communicates , delivers , transmits , or causes to be communicated , delivered , or transmitted , or attempts to communicate , deliver , transmit or cause to be communicated , delivered , or transmitted the same to any person not entitled to receive it , or willfully retains the same and fails to deliver it to the officer or employee of the united states entitled to receive it ;
in his book " critique and disclosure : critical theory between past and future " , kompridis describes a set of heterogeneous social practices which he believes can be a source of significant ethical , political and cultural transformation .
as part of its disclosure of expenses of british members of parliament , " the daily telegraph " reported on 14 may 2009 that morley claimed £ 800 a month for a property in winterton , near scunthorpe , for 18 months after the mortgage ended , and allegedly receiving an overpayment of £ 16,800 in total .
count d'estaing 's report of the affair to louis xvi was confidential , since its disclosure would have exposed his guide to the dangerous displeasure of the english government , and of the tory element in rhode island , but the king , through his ambassador in the united states , the chevalier de la luzerne , sent to the amateur pilot a sum of money , with which the latter bought an estate near newport , and built upon it a house , known later as " bateman 's . "
mosley relied upon an action based upon breach of confidence or the unauthorised disclosure of personal information rather than defamation .
as such , medical staff will not make a disclosure of medical records of a child who is deemed " gillick competent " unless consent is manifest .
a hearing for approval of the disclosure statement is set for march 23 , 2010 .
transparency / public disclosure .
it was revealed in " the independent " on 27 june 2008 by richard ingrams , that marr has gained a high court injunction preventing disclosure in the press of " private information " .
while selling and buying these vulnerabilities is not technically illegal in most parts of the world , there is a lot of controversy over the method of disclosure .
the issue of full disclosure was first raised in the context of locksmithing , in a 19th century controversy regarding whether weaknesses in lock systems should be kept secret in the locksmithing community , or revealed to the public .
main goal is to ensure information is appropriately protected from modification or disclosure .
the specification of a patent is a written description of how to make and use the invention ( see also : sufficiency of disclosure ) .
neither the sec nor any regulator has authority even to require minimum disclosure , " he said .
according to james , his diagnosis and the public disclosure thereof — which was how his family learned of his pornographic career — left him so distraught that he attempted suicide .
the suit seeks to include disclosure warning users of these side effects on product packaging .
infanterie - division " with the disclosure of german rearmament on 15 october 1935 .
" public disclosure . " in recent years , much more information has become widely accessible to the public regarding investment advisers .
schumer passed landmark consumer protection legislation that required uniform disclosure information on the back of credit card applications , notifying prospective cardholders of annual fees and interest rates .
the disclosure by police concluded that there was " no evidence whatsoever of any involvement in violent crime . "
in response to the disclosure of the financial relationship between christie and brown , state senator loretta weinberg , the democratic candidate for lieutenant governor , called on brown to recuse herself from the task of retrieving u.s. attorney ’s office records requested by the corzine campaign under the freedom of information act .
the term yellow - dog clause can also have a different meaning : non - compete clauses within or appended to a non - disclosure agreement to prevent an employee from working for other employers in the same industry .
in 1986 , the act was amended to compel disclosure , and the electronic communications privacy act was created with similar provisions in place .
fellow dab vice - chairman lau kong - wah stated that the public was interested in this disclosure .
the certificate also stated that there was substantial evidence that porteous had " repeatedly committed perjury by signing false financial disclosure forms under oath " in connection with his bankruptcy , allowing " him to obtain a discharge of his debts while continuing his lifestyle at the expense of his creditors " , and that he had " made false representations to gain the extension of a bank loan with the intent to defraud the bank " .
in may , 2006 , the australian government increased the disclosure threshold for political donations from $ 1500 to $ 10,000 .
the objective of section 404 is to provide meaningful disclosure to investors about the effectiveness of a company ’s internal controls systems , without creating unnecessary compliance burdens or wasting shareholder resources .
on september 15 , 1998 richard holbrooke disclosed that he failed to report on his financial disclosure statement a gift worth more than $ 12,000 in lodgings from larry lawrence .
it also provided testimony to the house standing legislative committee and canadian senate standing committee on legal and constitutional affairs on may 10 and september 25 , 2006 in advance of the passing of the " public servants disclosure protection act " .
on august 4 , 2006 we commenced an action in the u.s. district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania against five former employees for misappropriation of our trade secrets and intellectual property , related breach of non - competition , non - solicitation , and non - disclosure provisions of their employment agreements , and violation of the federal computer fraud and abuse act in connection with their employment by the children ’s hospital of philadelphia ( chop ) .
this opinion was issued on may 4 , 2007 , and found that the patent was not novel due to a prior public disclosure by robert silvers in his thesis from 1996 .
the consequence of her disclosure is a threat of reassignment ; either angel or laguerta will have to move out of homicide .
butterfield was among those who correctly guessed the identity of watergate informant " deep throat " prior to the disclosure in 2005 .
although the apa has since instituted a disclosure policy for dsm - v task force members , many still believe the association has not gone far enough in its efforts to be transparent and to protect against industry influence .
pupatello spearheaded passage of the " adoption information disclosure act " in 2005 , allowing birth records to be released to adoptees .
when it came to delay boxes , the rule was quite clear , you must buy a unit from an approved manufacturer , and all delay box manufacturers had to submit each of their designs ( which included revealing trade secrets to the nhra , with the nhra refusing to enter into non - disclosure agreements with the delay box manufacturers ) .
in late august 2006 , former u.s. deputy secretary of state richard armitage revealed publicly that novak had based his disclosure of mrs. wilson 's cia identity on then still - classified information that armitage initially gave him while armitage was still serving in the state department .
full disclosure of the spac structure , target industries or geographic regions , management team biographies , share ownership , potential conflicts of interest and risk factors are standard topics included in the s-1 registration statement .
is required to force disclosure .
nevertheless they remain subject to the bar council 's code of professional conduct , and their advice is entitled to professional privilege against disclosure .
he has also proven that alcohol can reduce anxiety and increase self - disclosure for men .
in any event , we would not view an assessment of the damage caused by the disclosure as relevant to the issue of whether or not mr. libby intentionally lied when he made the statements and gave the grand jury testimony which the grand jury alleged was false . "
from father coeurdoux the french academicians learned the common origin of the sanskrit , greek , and latin languages ; to the initiative of nobili and to the endeavours of his followers in the same line is due the first disclosure of a new intellectual world in india .
senior officers said they enacted the worldwide ban on these types of sites out of concern that the rapidly increasing use of these sites threatened to overwhelm the military 's private internet network and risk the disclosure of combat - sensitive material .
she was awarded an m.litt . in 1978 , with a dissertation entitled " the role of the reporter in the children 's hearing system " , and in 1987 completed her ph.d. , " information disclosure , consent to medical treatment and the law " .
alice is invited to a party for closeted homosexual celebrities and , despite signing a non - disclosure agreement , captures a video of daryl brewer , an nba player , in an intimate moment with another man .
according to nikolas kompridis , the initial disclosure of an ontological world is said to be " pre - reflective " or " first - order . "
paying the pnd involves neither an official finding nor an acceptance of guilt and discharges all liability to conviction for the offence . pnds for recordable offences are recorded on the police national computer however and may be disclosed on an enhanced criminal records disclosure issued by the criminal records bureau , if it is concluded that the behaviour leading to the pnd was relevant to the matter at hand , for example the applicant ’s suitability to work with children .
all workshop staff have a full crb disclosure and have been trained to work with young people .
this also forced the turnpike authority to release information regarding its non - disclosure of prior leaks .
the issue of full disclosure was first raised in the context of locksmithing , in a 19th century controversy regarding whether weaknesses in lock systems should be kept secret in the locksmithing community , or revealed to the public .
its demands included the revelation of truth about the stalinist years , protection of the environment , the halt to construction on a third nuclear reactor at the ignalina nuclear power plant , and disclosure of the secret protocols of the nazi - soviet non - aggression pact , signed in 1939 .
through the disclosure , it was revealed that hammons 's chief backers were physicians and teachers .
disclosure compelled by law .
• eccles , robert , grant , bob & van riel , cees , 2006 , reputation and transparency : lessons from a painful period in public disclosure , long range planning , 39(4 ) : 353 - 361 .
according to expert witness testimonies prepared for the kgb by three scientists , novichok and other related chemical agents had indeed been produced and therefore the disclosure by mirzoyanov represented high treason .
public disclosure of peace bridge was made on 28 july 2009 to the public and praised as a sleek , elegant contribution to downtown calgary .
" 3 . we will seek appropriate disclosure on esg issues by the entities in which we invest . "
they include licensing in advance;censorship of offending material before publication;seizure of offending material;injunctions against publication of a newspaper or book or of specified content;requirement of surety bonds against libel or other offense;compulsory disclosure of ownership and authority;post publication criminal penalties for objectionable matter;post publication collection of damages in a civil action;post publication correction of libel and other misstatements;discrimination in granting access to news source and facilities;discrimination and denial in the use of communications facilities for distribution;taxes;discriminatory subsidies;and interference with buying , reading and listening .
the united students against sweatshops , have stated that the fla has " ... a weak code that fails to provide for women 's rights , a living wage , the full public disclosure of factory locations , or university control over the monitoring process . "
" markings " was described by a theologist , the late henry p. van dusen , as " the noblest self - disclosure of spiritual struggle and triumph , perhaps the greatest testament of personal faith written ... in the heat of professional life and amidst the most exacting responsibilities for world peace and order . " hammarskjöld writes , for example , " we are not permitted to chose the frame of our destiny .
possible consequences of the public disclosure of wilson 's cia identity .
the recognition of it would not have rested on any principle of immunity from disclosure of confidential communications made to clergymen .
bendis ' run was marked by the relative absence of major villains and was also notorious for killing beast , who was killed when a sentinel attacked the white house during frost 's public disclosure of her school .
the mbta retained holland & knight to represent them and contended that under the norm of responsible disclosure , the students did not provide sufficient information or time before the presentation for the mbta to correct the flaw and further alleged that the students transmitted programs to cause damage to ( or attempted to transmit and damage ) mbta computers in an amount in excess of $ 5,000 under the computer fraud and abuse act .
it follows that this makes it impossible to be sold for two cents if it is later to be sold on for a loss and the buyer is given full disclosure of the details of the transaction and its ramifications .
a subtle change concerned the calculation of the copyright term for posthumously published works , which began newly from the " disclosure " instead of from the " publication " .
the debian project , being free software , handles security policy through public disclosure rather than through security through obscurity .
an agent can represent the interests of more than one principal , conflicting or potentially conflicting , only after full disclosure and consent of the principal .
his litigation rules include early disclosure of positions , establishment of firm case deadlines , and sanctions for parties abusing the discovery process .
the media disclosure in 1978 that an indo - american covert expedition had planted a nuclear - fuelled monitoring device atop nanda kot in the 1960s , and that subsequently the device had disappeared , led to fears of radioactive contamination of the river ganga , and a political brouhaha .
while achieving privacy through the use of encryption seems to provide everyone with answers to decrease the disclosure of personal information , it benefits the possibility to conceal from authorities acts of terrorism , child pornography and others .
in addition , for corporate trustees , if the trustee utilizes mutual funds or common trust funds in which they are compensated for managing the fund ( as well as a customary trustees fee ) , such arrangements are not considered conflicts of interest provided there is full disclosure to the beneficiaries of the relationship .
eric matthews , originally scripted to be named " eric mason " , is a fictional character from the " saw " franchise , with the first appearance being in a fake documentary entitled , " full disclosure report : piecing together jigsaw " , featured on the " saw : director 's cut " dvd , before the character became one of the main focuses of " saw ii " .
for the period 1996 through 2004 , nlpc alleged that his financial disclosure reports failed to disclose real estate , corporate and financial assets that public records showed were owned by mollohan and his wife .
one of the largest issuer of auction rate securities was nuveen investments , which since the failure of the auction market has begun to provide disclosure on their website .
a simple solution is to include in the clin structure a statement , such as for example , " the government may provide proprietary information received under this contract to support contractors provided no organizational conflict of interest occurs under far subpart 9.5 , the support contractor is not directly competing on the acquisition in question which originated the proprietary information in question and a non - disclosure agreement with each contractor recipient is accomplished requiring the contractor ensure such proprietary information is not disclosed outside of the government activity handling the proprietary information . "
the iraqi disclosure mentioned various companies that have acted as third - country buyers for iraq ... "during the iran - iraq war india delivered precursors for warfare agents to iraq - and later was found to have delivered quantities of the same materials to iran .
rather than being a discontinued or evolving consciousness , saiedi states that the works of the báb is unitary throughout , and that the gradual disclosure of the báb 's identity is defined by the principle of unity in diversity of all reality .
they are designated by a " t " in the publication number , the letter " t " referring to " technical disclosure " .
simultaneous use of multiple imputation for missing data and disclosure limitation , ” survey methodology , 30 , 235 - 242 .
the post has not identified the east european countries involved in the secret program at the request of senior u.s. officials who argued that the disclosure could disrupt counter - terrorism efforts " .
disclosure of the ekpub is however necessary ( version 1.1 .
another strength involves the usefulness of this theory in looking at and assessing the risk within an interpersonal relationship depending upon the type of relationship as well as the current level of self disclosure and intimacy within it .
this honest disclosure has begun to reduce investor interest in all types of existing - technology coal - fired power plant development , including igcc .
solis did acknowledge that she had failed to report those positions on her annual house financial disclosure forms at the time , which a white house spokesperson argued was an unintentional oversight .
an article written by kendrick , and published in the " american journal of hematology " , provided a full exposition of kendrick 's hypothesis , though without any disclosure of its relationship to the tammet case .
none of this had been included on financial disclosure forms ; the non - reporting of loans under $ 10,000 in liability was in violation of a voluntary agreement the white house had made in 1982 , while not reporting more valuable loans or clothes not returned was a possible violation of the ethics in government act .
in october 2000 , the securities and exchange commission ratified regulation fair disclosure ( reg fd ) , which required publicly traded companies to disclose material information to all investors at the same time .
ibm technical disclosure bulletin .
the case invalidated a washington law that allowed for sanctions for statements made about a candidate for political office , if those statements were found by the state 's public disclosure commission to be false and to have been made with actual malice .
these are “ persistent and early criticisms of positivist interpretations of scientific methodology ; disclosure of value dimension of factual claims ” ; viewing aesthetics as informing everyday experience ; subordinating logical analysis to political , cultural and social issues ; linking the dominant discourses with domination ; “ realigning theory with praxis ; and resisting the turn to epistemology and instead emphasizing concrete experience ” .
because of atkins ' confessions and howard 's disclosure , krenwinkel was arrested near her aunt 's home in mobile , alabama , on december 1 , 1969 .
non - disclosure .
macromedia made the flash files specifications for versions 6 and later available only under a non - disclosure agreement , but they are widely available from various sites .
the objective of the bpc is to ensure standards of disclosure , designed to provide readers of published quantitative survey results with an adequate basis for judging the reliability and validity of the presented statistical findings .
all census employees must sign a sworn affidavit of non - disclosure prior to employment .
