evilhawk was originally unable to use his healing power because his original body had been destroyed , when his evilhawk android body was destroyed , he existed only as a disembodied consciousness .
in an episode of the television series " futurama " in 2003 , the disembodied head of richard nixon says " what a mcgovern i 've been ! "
this had the effect of dissolving the enemy into a variety of abstract categories - sexism , homophobia , militarism , pollution , moribund capitalism , and so forth , each of which was supposed to be explained and attacked separately - usually as a disembodied idea rather than as an actual center of elite power with vulnerable human beings in charge .
in 1974 , orlovsky joined the faculty of the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at the naropa institute in boulder , colorado , teaching poetry .
rendered disembodied , zelda is left a spirit , and only link ( and a certain few sages ) can see her .
telotte argues , " as a result of this shift in perspective from a disembodied , narrative camera to an actual character 's eye ... we are forced into a deeper sense of participation in the ensuing action " .
there are two particular ways that the virtual body is frequently discussed ; the disembodied essence of a persons mind in cyberspace and the consequent representation of a person 's identity as a virtual body in cyberspace .
jackie and callas then smash a paparazzo 's camera , which gives jackie the power to communicate with her dead husband , who is heard as a disembodied voice .
enemies are based on horror - monsters , and include disembodied crawling hands , flying witches , zombies , demons , walking skeletons and werewolves .
it was embodied again in 1793 for the french revolutionary wars , ranked as the 45th , and disembodied in 1802 .
roy and leon then intimidate chew with disembodied eyes and he tells them about j.f. sebastian .
this is relevant to new media , since there has been much talk about new media as both a disembodied and newley embodied form of memory .
he opined that " thing " was a disembodied head that rolled through the house on various ramps and pulleys .
defeated , he could not be killed , so he was disembodied and turned into a living patch of human skin .
in the end , yuna and her guardians use her aeons to weaken the disembodied spirit of yu yevon , allowing them to destroy him and bring an end ( the eternal calm ) to sin and the spiral of death that had consumed spira for 1,000 years .
cultured neuronal networks are by definition disembodied cultures of neurons .
a major internet meme that grew out from the touhou fandom is , involving touhou characters as disembodied bun - heads , which originated from a disfigured attempt to draw the main characters reimu and marisa with shift jis art .
with the resumption of hostilities in 1803 , it was embodied as the 12th , and disembodied in 1816 following the peace .
he was in turn instructed by a disembodied voice known as ' revered reverence . '
xykon 's body is destroyed , but his disembodied soul is ferreted to safety by his lieutenant redcloak .
he existed as a disembodied intelligence stored in a tank in the basement of paradise towers , feeding off those he had killed , before killing and taking the body of the chief caretaker , in which he is killed by pex when dragged into a trap .
as such , he in the handful of appearances mostly appears as a disembodied voice , though even that is still overwhelming now as in ancient times .
as bailey and cooper set off into the forest on their quest ( eyes of a child ) , they meet garbo , the loud and proud owner of a theatre troupe including joan the mute and miranda , the singing disembodied head .
the artist is handed a gun and a disembodied voice instructs him how to shoot himself in the head .
upon opening his eyes , the first thing he sees is a rose , a tattoo on someone 's face , and realizes it is a disembodied head , pinned on a wall along with many more .
" watch them closely , for these are the last hours of their lives , " announces the disembodied voice of a narrator , foreshadowing the tragedy that unravels .
the coloratura contrasts well with laine 's rough , masculine voice , and disembodied female voices would continue to appear in the background of many of his records , to great effect .
depicted in the introduction as a disembodied skull surrounded by fire , he is the keeper of the book of warriors .
after she dies in battle against the hulk , tony stark reveals himself again ; he has gone underground after spinal cancer reduced him to a disembodied head hooked up to a life support system .
free of its artificial intelligence , the armor was contacted via remote by the head of ultron , disembodied after his most recent encounter of the avengers and in the company of the bio - synthetic robot being known as antigone .
the rebuilt platinum calls herself platina , and gold is a disembodied head , due to the expense of building a new gold body .
ford visits the old pink dog bar in han dold city , orders a round for everyone and then tries to use an american express card to pay for it , fails , is threatened by a disembodied hand and so offers a guide write - up instead .
the argument is that one can not coherently state that one is a disembodied " brain in a vat " placed there by some " mad scientist " .
this view was contrary to contemporary christian belief that the mind was a disembodied spirit , but was compatible with deism .
it is explained that kirakishou was voluntarily left without a body by rozen himself , who wondered if leaving her as a disembodied spirit would grant her superiority over the other rozen maidens and achieve greater perfection .
by this time , vera black 's body had been overtaken by what appeared to be the disembodied mind of manchester black , but was later revealed to be her own multiple personality disorder .
during her talks with cogitor eklo , she saw the possibility of living as a disembodied brain , not for introspection , but for action .
the disembodied laughter of some unknown presence echoes off the canyon walls .
[ what do psyborgs dream about ? ] ( 1971 ) , in which setni explores a planet where a trio of powerful , disembodied brains have recreated the fantasy legends of amadis of gaul for their own entertainment .
in " the thrawn trilogy " , luke meets former emperor 's hand mara jade , who is bound by palpatine 's disembodied voice , that repeatedly commands " you will kill luke skywalker . "
it saw service during the crimean war , being embodied in 1855 and volunteering for garrison service in the mediterranean , being embodied again in late 1857 and finally disembodied in 1858 .
" tama " is an entity which is human , animal , or a natural feature ( tree , river , waterfall , rock , or mountain among others ) . disembodied
among the original tv characters were " mr. ditto " , " harris tweed " ( a disembodied suit of clothes ) , " swenn golly " ( a svengali - like mesmerist ) , counterfeiters " max millions " and " minton mooney " , " frank n. stein " , " batula " , " match head " ( a pyromaniac ) , " sen - sen o'toole " , " shmoozer " , and " herman the ape man " .
at the end of her last memoir , published after her death but completed before her final operation , she reported a disembodied voice telling her " your life on earth is over , your life in spirit has begun . "
table - tilting , " " planchette - writing , " and the various similar modes of spelling out by the aid of a code intelligible replies to questions , which have long been current in spiritistic circles and which , by those who practise them , are often regarded as the operations of disembodied intelligences , seem to belong to the same class of process .
from 6 may 2008 , finley starred as miranda , the disembodied german head in " betwixt !
in 1831 he published " the disembodied and other poems " .
recently , they helped relaunch the career of newly reunited metalcore pioneers disembodied .
however , just before fox and scales engage in combat , a mysterious , familiar , disembodied voice orders scales to surrender the spirit
people claim to see figures in the windows and hear disembodied voices inside the house .
then a disembodied voice would reply , " who dat ? " an answer would come , " who dat say who dat ? "
allen ginsberg ( d. 1997 ) and anne waldman helped to found the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at naropa university in boulder .
bender falls into a state of depression , which is not helped by patch cord adams ; but when he finds out that beck 's disembodied head is occupying the bed next to him , his spirits are lifted .
the continued existence of mahkizmo after his apparent demise during the reality merger as a disembodied entity eventually leads to both sexes remembering their lives prior to the creation of earth-7412 .
with the resumption of hostilities in 1803 , it was embodied again ( as the 29th ) , and disembodied with the peace in 1814 .
the artist " is a disembodied mannequin head and wooden hand in a booth .
the 1979 television advertisement for itv 's oracle teletext service a disembodied voice in the strong liverpool accent asks " ow did everton do ? "
however the other four remained disembodied spirits until " doctor strange , sorcerer supreme " vol 3 # 3 - 4 ( march - april , 1989 ) .
he then encounters a disembodied voice calling itself " dave " that acknowledges itself as cerebus 's creator . "
however , the stages become problematic when lawrence kohlberg posits a universal ethics - that is , a disembodied ethics .
recreations and advancements have included the crinoline lady and disembodied princess illusions .
initially shot as a voice over , norman lovett had convinced the creators to have a disembodied head on screen .
unicron himself appeared in spectral form in issue # 2 , dispatching rartorata to earth to stop an anomaly in the timestream ( the disembodied magmatron ) from interfering in the " ascending " .
the game was a parody of the horror b - movie genre , featuring a secret lab , disembodied tentacles , and an evil mastermind .
in ' # 1 , iris is seen tearfully looking over photographs of her late husband , when a disembodied voice calls her name . barry returns to life in " dc universe " # 0 and " final crisis " # 2 .
instead , u - do initiates metempsychosis , which leaves dmitri ’s consciousness in a state of disembodied stasis that constantly searches for a host that is deemed to be physically capable of withstanding the stress that dmitri ’s “ contaminated ” consciousness would inevitably inflict .
when bonnie enters the stone , she learns that many disembodied souls have fallen prey to its powers , but no one has ever escaped .
disembodied location - specific conversational agents ( delcas ) were created at itu in oerestadon , copenhagen .
jess barnett , writing in her review for fensepost , comments that the song " has a strong eno presence and a disembodied voice singing , ' do n’t get lost on luneberg heath ' .
the question then arises : where exactly does the disembodied soul " go " at death ?
due to harry 's mother 's sacrifice to save her son , voldemort 's deadly curse rebounded off harry and disembodied voldemort .
through divine means , her disembodied soul was nurtured in and retrieved from the cavern of souls .
here , sauron is shown to have a large , human - like form during the forging of the ring and up to his losing it , then being " limited " to the disembodied eye form throughout the rest of the storyline .
throughout the next year and a half shai hulud toured america with strongarm , bloodlet , shadows fall , zao , overcast , cannibal corpse and disembodied .
here he taught calvé to employ her famous " fourth voice " , which was a very high and refined falsetto extending to an unearthly disembodied d. calvé , after hearing mustafà perform the thrill , described it as : " strange , sexless , superhuman , uncanny . "
the resulting overload caused a massive explosion , killing dr. takauchi and reducing professor maezono to a disembodied brain .
until now the band has covered day of suffering ( " the eternal jihad " ) , abhinanda ( " competition by hatred " ) , bolt thrower ( " the ivth crusade " ) , liar ( " battlecries " ) , caliban ( " one more lie " ) , point of no return ( " casa de caboclo " ) , disembodied ( " dislocation " ) , hate squad ( " not my god " ) , die skeptiker ( " straßenkampf " ) , merauder ( " downfall of christ " ) , endstand ( " destroy fascism " ) , edge of sanity ( " black tears " ) , paradise lost ( " true belief " ) and tiamat ( " whatever that hurts " ) .
he has become associated with krang , a disembodied alien brain who has been banished from his home , dimension x , where he was a great warlord .
following advice from the disembodied voice of his deceased mentor arcadius ( roger allam ) , kröd stabs the eye with his flaming sword , destroying it .
suddenly , he begins hearing the disembodied voices of berthon and j.p. , and now the arab is speaking in rene 's voice .
doctors begin to operate and find a disembodied head , tomie 's head , alive and growing inside the girl 's belly .
the kree supreme intelligence is a vast cybernetic / organic computer system composed of 5,000 cubic meters of computer circuitry incorporating the disembodied brains of the greatest statesmen and philosophers in kree history , persevered cryogenically .
the contemplator is revealed to have survived - as a disembodied head - and goes on to attempt to rule the kree empire , but is seemingly destroyed by the peace - loving alien cotati .
it saw service during the crimean war , being embodied in 1854 and volunteering for garrison service in the mediterranean , being embodied again in late 1857 and finally disembodied in 1860 .
the episode " meltdown " reveals that the disembodied head of victor fries survives the events of " cold comfort " ; thanks to the cryogenics technology , he now essentially possesses eternal life .
kari and the other digidestined did n't realize that he was being controlled by the disembodied spirit of myotismon .
he now hears a disembodied voice , who claims to be a part of him .
a 1996 study found that some features of the image have changed over time ; notably , the study concluded that the figure originally held a cloak in its left arm and stood over a disembodied head .
despite being defeated by razorbeast and snarl , ravage was able to outwit them and gain the armband - but instead of changing the timestream got a disembodied magmatron , who had been consigned to temporal limbo at the end of " the gathering " , and now warned of the impending destruction of cybertron at the hands of unicron and shokaract .
charlotte 's sanity deteriorates with miriam 's arrival , her nights haunted by a mysterious piano playing the song mayhew wrote for her and by the appearance of mayhew 's disembodied hand and head .
it also draws heavily on the conventions of the fantasy genre : it features magical amulets , a disembodied evil dark lord and a teenage boy hero .
marsh is then tormented by the disembodied palm , which seems immune to fire as well as possessing the skills of harry houdini .
for keynes , subjectivity of probabilities does n’t matter as much , as for him there is an objective relationship between knowledge and probabilities , as knowledge is disembodied and not personal .
she is then attacked by a number of the two - headed beasts that the disembodied spirit of exar kun had sent to destroy luke skywalker 's body in 11 aby .
as a result , she was recruited by karloff , an experimental disembodied head that could psychically control an unattached hand from afar , to kill helios .
in " final crisis : secret files , " it was revealed that he was the one who brought libra back to cohesion after the villain disembodied himself using a transmortifier device .
just as chick and wilbur relax , they hear a disembodied voice ( vincent price ) and see a cigarette floating in the air : " allow me to introduce myself , i 'm the invisible man ! " the boys jump off the boat and swim away as the invisible man lights his cigarette and laughs .
james k. galbraith 's " the predator state : how conservatives abandoned the free market and why liberals should too " , describes the market as " a disembodied decision maker - a maxwell 's demon - that , somehow , and without effort , balances and reflects the preferences of everyone participating in economic decisions ...
randall succumbed to his illness in 1998 ; bohan continues with the show , while richard falklen now directs the show and hosts the news segment once named " twang talk . " falklen 's " disembodied voice , " as house calls it , can often be heard during the show whenever he adds input ; falklen 's voice appears intact for his news segment , however .
captain universe is a disembodied superhero in marvel comics ' universe who was created by bill mantlo and michael golden , and first appeared in " micronauts " vol .
after landing on the planet 's surface they find traces of an ancient civilisation , but then a disembodied martian appears and demands its people be transported to earth , where they will enslave the human race .
when the door was opened it released " ghosts , " disembodied spirits who possessed the miners .
he drives up to the house and sees arthur 's disembodied head on the ground .
on the way back , she encountered the disembodied phoenix force and it followed her to her present .
she is in fact an incorporeal entity ; depicted as a disembodied , continuous female voice who speaks in - and can only understand - rhymed speech and otherwise sings ceaselessly to maintain her existence .
he is a biloquist and the source of many of the disembodied voices heard by theodore .
this belief was of little relief to practically everybody , as the moment your body was living through either decay , fire or consumption , there was no hope of anything but the existence of a disembodied soul ..
it is as if it disembodied the dream for the rebellion .
the " disembodied " gene ( cyp302a1 ) codes for a cytochrome p450 enzyme that adds a hydroxyl group to the carbon-22 position of 2,22,de - ketotriol to make 2-deoxyecdysone
the blade or blades dividing the bottom cube from that above have a trap door , allowing the assistant to show her head - apparently disembodied .
a disembodied voice announces that her life depends on the exam questions he will set for them , and that a student will die for every question the class gets wrong .
gomez also regularly plays chess with thing , the disembodied hand , friend and servant of the family .
the toxins induce hallucinations in prey which " suggest that the sarlacc somehow absorbs the intelligence of all its victims , who live on in disembodied torment " .
as may be witnessed even into the christian era , not least by the complaints of various philosophers over popular beliefs , traditional greek believers maintained the conviction that certain individuals were resurrected from the dead and made physically immortal and that for the rest of us , we could only look forward to an existence as disembodied and dead souls .
the final chapter was authored together by smith and mackinnon writing as a disembodied third - person narrator to summarize and conclude the book .
with the resumption of hostilities in 1803 , it was embodied as the 57th , and disembodied with the peace in 1814 , being briefly embodied again in 1815 - 16 .
on the one hand , aspects of online medicine have been described as an " asynchronous written exchange , " and a " disembodied relationship , " with " few analogues or precedents in medical practice . "
in is edited in the dub to focus on the digimon 's disembodied paw .
though bedloe can not ultimately dismiss his adventure as a dream , the story concludes ambiguously leaving us with suggestions that either the power of dr. templeton 's writing caused bedloe 's disembodied time - travel experience or that bedloe is the reincarnation of templeton 's friend oldeb who died in 1780 fighting alongside warren hastings and a group of british soldiers and sepoys during the insurrection of cheyt singh .
the roles of control and their mom are disembodied voices , and are pre - recorded .
fijian mythology holds that this island is the disembodied spirits ' point of departure from this world to the afterlife .
as a disembodied spirit , raimi can not interact with the physical world except through possession .
holly 's user interface appears on ship screens as a disembodied human head on a black background , and can also be downloaded into a watch worn by lister .
in the novel , even if one interprets the text as saying that the eye exists physically , it is never clear whether it is disembodied or not .
in the end , the character was redeemed somewhat when he willingly gave up his life to save raven 's homeworld of azarath as he , arella , and the disembodied souls of azarath were all merged into thea new entity that would also refer to itself as the phantasm .
he also taught with allen ginsberg at naropa university 's jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics .
mandi checks the armed robber 's prints , having to reconstruct them from his damaged , disembodied fingers .
silver banshee then eliminates the disembodied clan spirits by screaming their name .
eventually it becomes evident that croesus 's soul , disembodied since the suicide of its last direct - line descendant , now seeks to inhabit michael 's body .
among men " was also performed live at roulette , new york ( 1996 ) ; the galerie krinzinger , vienna ( 1994 ) ; and the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at naropa university , boulder , co ( 1994 ) .
a member of her band , named rena brant , requests permission to infiltrate galgear 's stronghold and free valna on her own ; cham initially disagrees , but a disembodied voice convinces her to allow this , and rena brings her twin sister amu with her .
it is the disembodied scientist , who has been manipulating events all along .
in her memoirs she claimed that she started seeing spirits and hearing disembodied voices in childhood , and developed these abilities further once she joined a local spiritualist church .
breaking down emotionally and because of kick 's side - effects , quentin collapses and turns into a disembodied state .
after vanquishing the shadow creatures , the voice of the disembodied entity known as " dormin " echoes from above , expressing surprise that wander possesses the weapon .
for a time , her mind was taken over by what appeared to be the disembodied spirit of black- although it was later revealed to be a form of multiple personality disorder caused by her traumatic upbringing and exaggerated by her contact with the near - infinite power of the worlogog- , thus nearly driving her to destroy london , but the other members of the elite helped her recover .
he turns and retaliates , hating away andrew 's legs , and the situation escalates again until all that is left of the two are their disembodied heads .
the last two villains bearing the name malice are disembodied entities , the first of which possesses susan richards of the fantastic four , and the second is an evil mutant appearing in x - men comics .
it was released on april 20 , 2004 via disembodied records .
when atreyu passes through the three doors , he discovers that uyulala is a disembodied , singing voice who can only understand rhymes .
the story behind the disembodied sounds is the accidental killing of a young boy by his nursemaid .
the refusal by the film department to allow " smallville " to show jor - el forced the special effects crew to come up with a creative way to display some sort of aid to help the audience visualize this disembodied voice that was supposed to be talking to jonathan in " exile " .
such crisis apparitions have received serious study by parapsychologists with various explanations given to account for them , including telepathy , as well as the traditional view that they represent disembodied spirits .
orson would use this ability to , for example , attempt to evade a boring family meal with his parents and his aunt , and watch tv instead , to which end he employed various subterfuges such as leaving his eyes in front of the tv and disguising his body 's at - table eyelessness with household items ( " the old hard - boiled egg trick wo n't work " , admonishes his father ) or simply abandoning subtlety , sitting in front of the tv and sending his disembodied digestive tract to sit at the table and eat the meal , to his aunt 's horrified disgust .
i must also try to remember that she is a voice in someone else ’s head , a disembodied voice . ”
those who are translated beings are said to be " changed so that they do not experience pain or death until their resurrection to immortality . " both translated and resurrected beings are eternally young and fit , not subject to illness or injury and spend their existences as ministering angels doing things that require physical bodies to perform ; for example , where a disembodied spirit can record events as a witness and offer comfort or advice , a physical body is required to perform ordinances such as laying on of hands .
in 1901 , while studying the shamanic practices of a remote siberian tribe , anthropologist waldemar bogoras captured what appeared to be disembodied voices heard during a shaman 's ritual .
upon arriving at sumdac tower , he realized that lugnut was n't crazy after seeing megatron 's disembodied head before he helps his master complete his restoration .
the mysterious upper room allow stan to hang around as a disembodied voice - firstly in rupert 's house , then in his car - to act as an advisor .
a ship with a two - man crew , a normal human howie and eric – a disembodied brain of a previously injured man taking the part of ship 's computer , is exploring the upper atmosphere of venus , using the empty fuel - tank as a dirigible device .
in the dungeon levels there are several hazards that may reduce the polterguy 's life portrait : these include steam vents , disembodied hands , bats , and bouncing skulls .
on the back screen , disembodied images and film footage of break - dancing street kids , strippers , tigers , war , video games , political rhetoric , graphs , globes , laughing women and large concert crowds from her previous shows are played throughout the show .
although almost everybody had nothing to look forward to but an eternal existence as a disembodied dead soul , a number of men and women were considered to have gained physical immortality and brought to live forever in either elysium , the islands of the blessed , heaven , the ocean or literally right under the ground .
" electro blues for bukka white " featured long - gone disembodied blues - man bukka white muttering and wailing underneath an eastern drone that both eulogised and ignored him .
ben hogwood of " musicomh.com " praised the song saying , " you wo n't get many more catchy party odes than the chart topping just dance this year , a polished gem set to lodge in your head for the next few weeks . " freedom lu lac of " the washington post " described the song to be " filled with mindlessly frothy synth - pop that matches low - grade dance grooves with gaga 's icy , almost disembodied vocals about dancing bliss " .
he first appears as a disembodied voice in episode twenty four , but is formally introduced in episode twenty six .
the final quickening , on the other hand , was unique in which a disembodied head is generated from the spot where kell 's decapitated body fell ; this head shoots lightning bolts at duncan macleod .
he first appears in " pest control " where he leads the many rats in a coup d'état of jenny 's body , leaving her disembodied head behind in her bedroom , to destroy wakeman .
she teaches fiction and literature classes in the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at naropa university , and does book design and production at dalkey archive press .
night sharks suffer high bycatch mortality on longlines , and prohibited or not some are kept by fishers because of their value and the difficulty of identifying disembodied parts to species .
because of this , it is unlikely that ' my spirit ' refers to a disembodied soul , but simply to one 's self : i put myself in your hands now .
this allowed her disembodied head to be superimposed to the episode footage .
this is different from a disembodied approach to music cognition , which sees musical meaning as being based on a perception - based analysis of musical structure .
the regiment 's horses were transferred to the 8th king 's royal irish hussars and the regiment was classed as " disembodied " which in british army parlance meant that it no longer existed except as a name on the army list with a complement ( in this case ) of an honorary colonel , honorary chaplain , a brevet colonel ( ea maude ) , six majors , six subalterns and the quartermaster although these officers had no peacetime training commitments .
at the start of the episode , jor - el 's disembodied voice talks to clark through the spaceship .
the silver flame is a disembodied lawful good force associated with a former mortal woman and paladin of dol arrah named tira miron , who merged with a silvery pillar of fire and a couatl approximately 700 years ago .
he is close friends with the disembodied hand thing .
juno was the one to discover a way to achieve this after speaking with the cogitor eklo , a disembodied brain in a canister with a perpetually living and aware consciousness .
ginsberg helped trungpa ( and new york poet anne waldman ) in founding the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at naropa institute in boulder , colorado .
the juxtappositon of these small birds alongside slightly unnerving , disembodied , glass heads , reminds us of the work of the surrealist rené magritte , who often used everyday , familiar objects , placed in new contexts , to infuse the object with a new significance , while making us aware of its hidden ambiguities .
according to such stories , the computer would then be simulating reality ( including appropriate responses to the brain 's own output ) and the person with the " disembodied " brain would continue to have perfectly normal conscious experiences without these being related to objects or events in the real world .
mutants in the halloween gene series include the " spook " , " spookier " , " phantom " ( or " phm " ) , " disembodied " ( or " dib " ) , " shadow " ( or " sad " ) , and " shade " genes .
the luminous one would appear only as a ghost - like , disembodied , floating head .
moondragon 's body had been destroyed , and her disembodied mind infused itself into pamela 's mind .
douglas was not aware of beckett 's own work " not i " , a disembodied mouth in a black screen .
mr. jenney painted the pictures during the heyday of conceptual art , and if they were , in part , a rebuff to its disembodied verities , they also partook of its intellectual detachment . "
back in melissa 's bedroom , a disembodied eyeball floats behind her , following her every move .
death cube k released an album that year called " disembodied " .
in the beat tradition , in 1989 she studied at naropa university 's jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics in boulder , colorado .
later in the first film , jackson lets saruman remark that sauron can not yet take physical form , so the audience is apparently to assume that the flaming eye of sauron is his disembodied spirit .
their founder john sublime had her brain removed from her body , keeping the disembodied brain alive in a capsule .
samuel coale , in a 1974 discussion of kosiński 's fiction , wrote that " the narrator of " steps " for instance , seems to be nothing more than a disembodied voice howling in some surrealistic wilderness . "
overview : captain kirk and his companions are sent to fight as gladiators for the gambling entertainment of three disembodied beings .
however , jubilees does state that god granted ten percent of the disembodied spirits of the nephilim to try to lead mankind astray after the flood .
he is the chair of naropa university ’s jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics in boulder , colorado .
the holy ghost has its own individual existence plainly denied by kardec : according to spiritism , the purported manifestations of the holy spirit were actually mediumnic incorporations of disembodied spirits .
no one has ever been , or ever met , a living human soul without a body ... someone who accepts - as i myself do , taking it on trust - the present - day scientific account of the universe may find it impossible to believe that a living creature , once dead , can come to life again ; but , if he did entertain this belief , he would be thinking more ' scientifically ' if he thought in the christian terms of a psychosomatic resurrection than if he thought in the shamanistic terms of a disembodied spirit .
before long , however , buster had a much more pivotal role to play in the war , when the powerful decepticon , shockwave defeated and deactivated all the autobots , save medical officer ratchet , and planned to create new troops using the power of the creation matrix within optimus prime 's mind . sneaking into the ark , buster discovered prime 's disembodied head , and prime transferred the matrix into buster 's mind , keeping it from shockwave .
during the course of an investigation , murphy 's body is taken over by a disembodied criminal looking to escape capture .
zoroastrianism states that the urvan , which is the disembodied spirit lingers on earth for three days before departing downward to a kingdom of the dead , which is ruled by yima .
the character had no origin story , and existed only as a giant , floating , disembodied eye , wreathed in a halo of golden light .
these events include the story of xenu , the ruler of the galactic confederacy who brought billions of frozen people to earth 75 million years ago , stacked them around volcanoes and blew them up with hydrogen bombs , creating swarms of disembodied alien souls known as body thetans .
sentient parasitic disembodied hands which control the mind of their host .
the original meaning of the english word " ghost " closely paralleled the words " spirit " or " soul " ; only later did the former word come to acquire the specific sense of " disembodied spirit of the dead " and the associated pejorative connotations .
the now - disembodied victims ' souls , which hubbard called " thetans " , were blown into the air by the blast .
alternatively , this sequence can be viewed as following the disembodied soul of ivan .
he is usually seen as a disembodied head with an enormous cranium .
after experiencing some pre - date anxiety , a disembodied voice convinces mr. mini - wheat that between his wholesome wheatiness and his frosted side , he has much to offer .
in each level , the player plays the disembodied head of wizkid , which can fly around the screen in all four directions .
faora ( in disembodied form ) escapes the phantom zone and leaves through the " escape hatch " portal that zor - el ( christopher heyerdahl ) built for kara kent ( laura vandervoort ) .
one figure is pointing upwards with an index finger to a disembodied head .
he finds a domed table in the center of the room ; inside are three disembodied brains that glow from within .
when the smoke cleared , a new firestorm was created who was made up of raymond and the russian , mikhail arkadin ( the russian superhero pozhar ) , but controlled by the disembodied amnesiac mind of prof .
both albums shared the same sleeve of disembodied hands playing a keyboard that seems to be plugged directly into saturn .
feminist critics make much of the fact that all of the voices in the play / film are disembodied and that the characters are seen as physical bodies devoid of direct dialogue . "
several other ancillary characters return in " tales of monkey island " , including the voodoo lady ( voiced by alison ewing ) , an enigmatic voodoo priestess who advises guybrush in his quests , stan ( voiced by gavin hammon ) , a stereotypical salesman and business opportunist , and murray ( voiced by denny delk ) , a disembodied talking skull with delusions of grandeur .
receiving razorbeast 's signal from earth ( aided by a disembodied magmatron ) , leo took the pack , an elite maximal unit , to earth to assist .
” this bridge has been hailed for providing an “ easily accessible discourse , plain speaking , a return to third world storytelling , voicing a difference in the flesh , not a disembodied subjectivity but a subject location , a political and personal positioning . ”
a brainship is made by inserting the disembodied brain and nervous system of a human being into a life - support system , and connecting it surgically to a series of computers via delicate synaptic connections ( a brain - computer interface . )
this strong sense of denial , coupled with being unable to accept laverne will most likely die , causes her to see laverne 's disembodied spirit .
in the chapter " king 's cross " , dumbledore 's spirit tells harry that when voldemort failed to kill baby harry and disembodied himself , harry became an unintentional horcrux ; harry could not kill voldemort while the dark lord 's soul shard was within harry 's body .
upon touching the chest , lighting will change , davy jones ' disembodied voice will utter words of warning , and guests will be able to feel the heartbeat of jones ' heart from within the chest .
gargravarr , the disembodied mind and custodian of the total perspective vortex on frogstar world b ( " the most totally evil place in the galaxy " ) , suffers from real - life dualism and is therefore having trial separation with his body , which has taken his forename pizpot .
mysa was also a physical vessel for the disembodied soul of amethyst , one of the lords of order who is currently active in the present day dc universe .
created as an avatar for a disembodied inferno using the original armor as a shell , he pursued and eventually recovered his true body , soul edge .
as may be witnessed even into the christian era , not least by the complaints of various philosophers over popular beliefs , traditional greek believers maintained the conviction that certain individuals were resurrected from the dead and made physically immortal and that for the rest of us , we could only look forward to an existence as disembodied and dead souls .
a criminal named deathbolt was there seeking a new physical host for the disembodied brain of the ultra - humanite .
when subjects performed mental imagery with an embodied location , there was increased activation of a region called the " extrastriate body area " ( eba ) , but when subjects performed mental imagery with a disembodied location , as reported in obes , there was increased activation in the region of the tpj .
rahu arrived and saw hanuman trying to swallow the sun ; little hanuman , seeing rahu , was attracted to the curiosity of the disembodied head , and caught rahu .
since 1989 , he has taught in the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at naropa university , where he now holds the rank of full professor .
" the stone was replaced by the north hants militia when disembodied at winchester , on 26 april 1802 , in consequence of the original stone being destroyed . "
passers - by who walked directly in the path of the sound would hear spooky , disembodied voices whispering suggestive messages such as " what 's that ? " and " who 's there ?
kamaloka is a " semi "- material plane , subjective and invisible to humans , where disembodied " personalities " , the astral forms , called " kamarupa " remain until they fade out from it by the complete exhaustion of the effects of the mental impulses that created these eidolons of human and animal passions and desires .
they are once evil people condemned to be disembodied spirits which can appear as tall dark people with huge ears , long tongues and tusklike teeth .
the argument holds that it makes no grammatical sense to speak of " whiteness " disembodied , without snow or some other subject that " is " white .
in the background is the mad laughter of the funhouse ; in the foreground , the strange declamations of disembodied voices that take center stage , then rapidly disappear into the variegated swarm of verbal encounter . "
in 2003 , jim produced his first film , a 55 minute profile on the life and poetic contributions of the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics co - founder anne waldman , entitled " anne waldman : makeup on empty space " .
professor geuss argues that a dried and disembodied view of politics is the result of certain western philosophical traditions .
" chronoskimming " describes her ability to temporarily transplant a person 's mind and send it through time into a younger / older version , a close ancestor / descendant , or as a disembodied astral form .
the latest recurring character is gullboy , who appears in dave 's comics and is a disembodied head who uses his hair as makeshift wings .
" aristotle was doubtless familiar with the story of the singing disembodied head of orpheus and homer 's image of heads severed so rapidly they seemed still to be speaking , and latin examples could be attested .
in 1974 , with trungpa , ginsberg , and others , waldman founded the jack kerouac school of disembodied poetics at the naropa institute in boulder , colorado ( now naropa university ) , where she remains a distinguished professor of poetics and the director of naropa 's famous summer writing program .
normally disembodied , it has an affinity for plastic , and is able to animate humanoid facsimiles made from that material , known as autons .
the pair were reportedly working with celestial intelligences , disembodied spirits and the demiurge itself .
the music video for another one of weird al 's songs , " i 'll sue ya , " also features a toy dinosaur in the color scheme of barney gnawing on a disembodied arm .
over the next few pages , he is faced with flashing lights , disembodied voices , a cathedral , teddy bears nailed to wooden posts , graveyards , the realization that he is both alone and that his world is impossibly small , and terrifying creatures known as nightgaunts , before meeting with jasmine , a ' human ' who identifies him as halloween .
both phenomena need , then , for their explanation only the two great assumptions -- first , that the soul is an entity capable of disembodied existence ; second , that in its psycho - physical interactions any soul is not strictly confined to interaction with one particular brain .
haale also attended the jack kerouac school for disembodied poetics in boulder , colorado where anne waldman was teaching .
the book ends with the two character 's now disembodied heads spitting at each other repeatedly , as they have no bodies and ca n't ( or wo n't ) stop trying to one up the other .
also included are formerly unreleased songs and demos , such as " brazos " ( later circulated as " tribal rites " on the deli creeps demo tape ) which had won second place in a guitar magazine contest , and the song " count scapula " ( later reconstructed into the song " disembodied part 2 " from the 2008 album " from the coop " ) .
this could hardly be further from the truth : hidan is now a disembodied head buried under a ton of rock , and yet can not die .
for some gay men , a glory hole serves to depersonalize their partner altogether as a disembodied object of sexual desire , either sticking through or on the other side of the hole .
at one point , yankovic references the line " mecca lecca hi , mecca hiney hiney ho " and " mekka - lekka hi mekka lekka chahney ho ! " , catchphrases of jambi , the wish - granting disembodied head from " pee - wee 's playhouse " .
" evil con carne " was a show about an evil genius obsessed with taking over the world , whose disembodied brain was transplanted onto the head of a moronic circus bear .
years later , ogun returned as a disembodied spirit and , mentally possessing host after host , again attacked wolverine and kitty pryde .
a reporter for the hook , weekly newspaper for charlottesville , virginia , who visited the monroe institute said , " ... with a few exceptions , the only ' normal ' people with whom i could fully identify were the trainers , who seemed remarkably well - grounded for people whose day - to - day experiences include astral projection and disembodied spirits . "
a member of her party , lena brande , requests permission to infiltrate galgear 's stronghold and free valna on her own ; cham initially disagrees , but a disembodied voice convinces her to allow this , and rena brings her twin sister amu with her .
another popular wences character was the gruff - voiced pedro , a disembodied head in a box .
dr. nero neurosis the disembodied brain that plans to rule the world .
another is when a supposed disembodied voice tells the hunters , " you 're not supposed to be here . "
in this series , captain atom is a disembodied mass of energy contained within a special suit , similar to wildfire of the legion of super - heroes .
seemingly defenseless , leo charged into battle , only to be attacked from behind by akumania 's disembodied but still functional arms .
the look and feel of the game concentrates on a near photo - realism for buildings , but the player is disembodied and lacks an avatar .
a brainship is made by inserting the disembodied brain and nervous system of a human being into a life - support system , and connecting it surgically to a series of computers via delicate synaptic connections ( a brain - computer interface . )
stacks that are currently disembodied do not exert a zone of control .
