in fact , although some claims may be true , it is impossible to prove or disprove them in rather natural contexts .
according to mcdowell , he was as an agnostic at college when he decided to prepare a paper that would examine the historical evidence of the christian faith in order to disprove it .
in 1899 panin sent a letter to the " new york sun " challenging his audience to disprove his thesis that the numerical structure of scripture showed its divine origin .
if it were true , it would disprove fermat 's last theorem , which had just been proven when this episode first aired .
stiebing 's critique argued four points : ( 1 ) the great antiquity of civilization is based on more evidence than just the old testament , ( 2 ) epigraphy and philology disprove heinsohn 's revision , ( 3 ) scientific dating is more reliable than heinsohn admits , and ( 4 ) archaeological stratigraphy is more complicated than heinsohn 's simplistic perspective would have it .
he was also a leading expert in diabetes , and spent almost 20 years trying to disprove claude bernard 's theory of the glycogen - glucose metabolic cycle .
medical attitudes toward masturbation began to change at the beginning of the 20th century when h. havelock ellis , in his seminal 1897 work " studies in the psychology of sex " , questioned tissot 's premises , cheerfully named famous men of the era who masturbated and then set out to disprove ( with the work of more recent physicians ) each of the claimed diseases of which masturbation was purportedly the cause .
in the example above , one could disprove the hypothesis by measuring the distances between los angeles , san francisco and stockton , but the use of an extreme ( like making point b uranus ) is that one does not need to measure .
" peace , peace , and there is no peace " ) set out to demonstrate how israeli prime minister ben - gurion had colluded with britain and france in a colonial war against egypt and disprove ben - gurion 's claims that the 1956 suez war had been a war fought to save israel from annihilation .
she proposed a series of hypotheses and conducted investigations to prove or disprove them , to identify the " crescent " .
he offered a widely publicized $ 5000 challenge for anyone to disprove flat earth theory , but on terms of his own choosing .
the producer of the program replied in detail and explicitly denied these allegations : " the segment did not claim that chiropractic is fraudulent and did not attempt to prove or disprove that chiropractic " works , " but it does state that chiropractic has no basis in science .
there , derec meets another mysterious person named ariel and together the two disprove their role in a murder of an unknown human to the robots .
a persistent rumour - difficult to substantiate or to disprove , at this late date - maintains that , when jewel and warriss appeared on " the ed sullivan show " , sullivan mistakenly introduced them as " jules and his walrus " .
the cuban government sent officials to haiti to investigate , but found nothing to either prove or disprove the claim .
there is evidence that the cyrillic alphabet was not created by cyril and methodius but by their pupil , clement of ohrid , but the alphabet bears cyril 's name nonetheless , and the evidence is still not enough to disprove that . ) the celebration also commemorates the introduction of literacy and the preaching of the gospels in the slavonic language by the brothers .
as in most other forms of trespass , remedy can only be obtained once it is proven that there was direct interference regardless of damage being done , and the infringing party has failed to disprove either negligence or intent .
the alaska native language center for example takes the position that recent improved data on haida have served to conclusively disprove the haida - inclusion hypothesis , and thus haida is unrelated to athabaskan languages .
since two different people can not have the same number , it is possible to prove or disprove the presence of a participant simply by looking up his or her number in the list .
in " patterson v. new york " , however , the court had held that new york 's definition of homicide , which had no malice element , did not improperly force the defendant to disprove that he had acted with malice .
one of the show 's intentions is to disprove the misconception that chamber music is open only to connoisseurs .
thus it seemed possible to determine " absolute " motion relative to the aether and therefore to disprove galileo 's principle .
but these raids were against opposition that was weaker than the attackers in every way , and therefore neither prove nor disprove any part of mackinder 's theory .
william of tyre went so far as to claim that al - ḥākim 's destruction of the church of the holy sepulchre in 1009 was due to his eagerness to disprove taunts that he was a christian born of a christian woman .
also , it is used to affirm or disprove a genealogical connection on the direct paternal line .
the types of fallacies discussed in this article should not be confused with the reductio ad absurdum method of argument , in which a valid logical contradiction of the form " a and not a " is used to disprove a premise .
officers are investigating the incident , anxious to disprove rumors that an off - duty or undercover policeman fired the shot .
campus lore suggested that in 1964 , pomona math professor donald bentley produced a convincing mathematical proof that 47 was equal to all other integers , and that other faculty members and senior students could not disprove his equation at first sight .
lawrence is taken into a court of scholars to disprove the idea of werewolves .
unlike a local history , which focuses on the past as described by residents , a one - place study can provide a statistical approach that reveals hidden relationships , particularly in homogeneous village communities where almost the entire population has inter - married over the centuries , and may even disprove local legends .
it was ideologically important for the government to suppress and disprove accounts of miracles that contradicted marxist atheism .
where appropriate , pages are generally marked " undetermined " or " unverifiable " if the mikkelsons feel there is not enough evidence to either support or disprove a given claim .
his studies , however , can not disprove certain historical data that can provide evidence for the saint roch of montpellier .
socialists retort that natural monopolies and strict oligopolies even in a free market disprove the austrian argument .
if the claim was for redundancy and not unfair dismissal then the burden would be on the employer to disprove redundancy .
theoretical mages research the relationships and underlying laws governing the behaviour of matter and energy , formulate hypotheses expressed in complicated mathematical formulas , and devise careful experiments in order to prove or disprove these hypotheses empirically .
at the root of the tree , the algorithm applies one of two strategies , called prove - best and disprove - rest .
at the heart of this area of study is skepticism , with many approaches involved trying to disprove some particular form of it .
experiments have been conducted and found to both prove and disprove a force at very low pressure .
the show revolves around their building a creation museum and running the creation response team ; the families attempt to disprove macroevolution and find evidence for creation .
not enough is known of the ancient language to either prove or disprove this hypothesis ( see origin of albanians ) .
some iberian scholars like daniel blackman have made ground breaking arguments that alfonsi ’s polemical work against islam was not primarily meant to disprove it , but rather to use islam as a means for disproving judaism to christians through association .
if someone raises this defence , then it is for the prosecution to disprove .
then - king hussein wanted at the time to distance himself from the british and disprove the contention of arab nationalists that john glubb , the arab legion 's commander , was the actual ruler of jordan .
a hypothesis requires more work by the researcher in order to either confirm or disprove it .
howard 's work was also the first to disprove the prevalent belief that lempel - ziv encoded files could not be further compressed .
the philosopher karl popper proposed that since no amount of experiments could ever " prove " a scientific theory , but a single experiment could " disprove " one , all scientific progress should be based on a process of falsification , where experiments are designed with the hope of finding empirical data that the current theory could not account for , indicating its falseness and the requirement for a new theory .
he became a cynical , scheming , money - and - power hungry man who only wants to disprove nadja 's worth as the possible future heiress of the premingers , first by sending the private detectives rosso and bianco to steal nadja 's brooch , and later hiring rosemary to pose as nadja .
the apparently most extensive study to date ( a 1981 survey of nearly 20,000 young frenchmen ) served to disprove many commonly - held beliefs about the disease .
" we looked at this as an opportunity to disprove the conventional wisdom , and basically we came to the conclusion that the cia had this one right . "
an episode of the bbc 's genealogy series " who do you think you are ? " investigated his heritage in some detail , but failed to disprove his theory that his mother had been secretly adopted from another jewish family who had no hope of escaping .
there was insufficient aerial combat during most of the period to disprove this notion .
according to michael mainville , litvinenko knew the secret to a conspiracy theory is that they are based upon an absence of proof , and that the more outlandish the claim , the harder it is to disprove , which has led to some political analysts to dismiss his claims as those of a fantasist .
many jurisdictions have burden - shifting provisions , which require that if one party produces evidence tending to prove a certain point , the burden shifts to the other party to produce superior evidence tending to disprove it .
his claim was strongly contested , and multiple experiments were performed attempting to disprove the existence of a vacuum .
his 2005 book , " sprawl : a compact history , " takes a contrarian view , offering statistical and historical arguments to disprove the most frequently offered criticisms of dispersed development patterns as unhealthy and undesirable .
mr. ashe will no longer call you guest to move , but you are still able to show other players cards to disprove their suggestions .
" practical objections " refers to arguments which do not seek to disprove inerrancy " per se " , but which attempt to demonstrate that the bible is irrelevant or meaningless .
savage has commented that it is difficult to test myths that require them to disprove general claims because of the inherent difficulty in proving a negative .
by doing so lattimer intended to disprove that oswald was unable to perform such a feat .
one way to disprove it would be to discover patterns that keep adding counters to the field : a " gun " , which would be a configuration that repeatedly shoots out moving objects such as the " glider " .
juri adamantly insists that she does n't believe in miracles , and wants the power of the rose bride to disprove the power of miracles .
for example , if player a suggested that mr. green did it with the rope in the lounge and player b could not disprove it , most players would ignore this fact .
although inflationary theory is regarded as having had much success , and the evidence for it as compelling , it is not universally accepted : cosmologists recognise that there are still gaps in the theory and are open to the possibility that future observations will disprove it .
the non - overlapping magisteria has been rejected by some scientists such as richard dawkins , who hold that scientific methods disprove religion as an idea whilst disproving creationism .
one of loeb 's first infamous journalistic exploits was the publishing of his own baptismal certificate on the front page of both vermont papers in an attempt to disprove rumors of his jewish ancestry .
therefore , little direct evidence remains to fully confirm or disprove origen ’s support of the nine points of anathema against him .
if he has made an incorrect accusation , he plays no further part in the game except to reveal cards secretly to one of the remaining players when required to do so in order to disprove suggestions .
other important developments in islamic philosophy include the development of a strict science of citation , the isnad or " backing " , and the development of a scientific method of open inquiry to disprove claims , the ijtihad , which could be generally applied to many types of questions .
nevertheless , psychiatrist m. scott peck researched exorcisms ( initially in an effort to disprove demonic possession ) , and claims to have conducted two himself .
owing to the somewhat ambiguous nature of the formulation of the second law , i.e. the postulate that the quantity heat divided by temperature increases in spontaneous natural processes , it has occasionally been subject to criticism as well as attempts to dispute or disprove it .
the u.s. government invites aronnax onto an expedition to either prove or disprove the monster 's existence .
xan , ready to disprove the boys , follows the cloaked figure to the room of a harsh and rough monk , brother leo .
thus , owing to an argument between the two in regard to the source or cause of the electricity , volta built the first battery in order to specifically disprove his associate 's theory .
uncompromising in their enforcement of nollop 's ' divine will ' they offer only one hope to the frustrated islanders : to disprove nollop 's omniscience by finding a pangram of 32 letters ( in contrast to nollop 's 35 ) .
however , there is too little recorded evidence to prove or disprove any linkage to the dances on the english welsh borders .
palamedes , at the behest of menelaus 's brother agamemnon , sought to disprove odysseus 's madness , and placed telemachus , odysseus 's infant son , in front of the plough .
the book contains sections including " identifying additional demons " , " doing the actual deliverance " , " commanding " , " what to do with obstinate demons " , " demonic oppression " and " scriptures that demons hate . " these documents seem to disprove claims that mercy ministries do not perform exorcisms , made by mercy ministries in march 2008 . " the website now speaks of a replacement curriculum : " mercy ministries international formalized its christian - based counseling curriculum in june 2008 .
chrétien purported to disprove the mathematics of the swadesh - model .
this was meant to disprove the notion put forwards by the da vinci code that the merovingians were descended from jesus , though aregund was merely married into the dynasty , not a blood descendant- so presumably the results of this test are irrelevant .
several groups of researchers have therefore conducted experiments designed to prove or disprove the existence of the effect .
this may disprove the theory that the giant squid is a drifter which eats whatever floats by , rarely moving so as to conserve energy .
although , this type of argument does not disprove externalism alone , it is impressive because of the intuitive plausibility of privileged self - knowledge .
since intuitionistic logic is consistent with classical logic , it is impossible to disprove non - constructive statements that are classically valid .
hooper has completely rejected these accusations , and independent research exists to disprove the accusations and confirm the authenticity of the posthumous lewis works edited by hooper .
the center has been cited for its use of hard science to disprove the assumption that humans are hardwired for violence and greed .
in his concurring opinion in " new york times co. v. sullivan " , justice black explained that " ' [ m]alice , ' even as defined by the court , is an elusive , abstract concept , hard to prove and hard to disprove .
as time has progressed , there have been other scholars who have published books and articles that have gone far to disprove gimbutas ' claims of the kurgan culture conquering the cucuteni - trypillian culture .
at any rate the passage does not disprove universalism and certainly does not prove eternal torment .
ampelographers in the late 20th century were eventually able to disprove any relation between the two grapes .
although with much difficulty lucy was able to disprove the charge , many others who were blacklisted as a result of such allegations had their lives and careers ruined .
it is believed that the tai ethnic groups began migrating southward from china and into southeast asia during the first millennium a.d. while this theory of the origin of the tai is currently the leading theory , there is insufficient archaeological evidence to prove or disprove the proposition at this time , and the linguistic evidence alone is not conclusive .
this study published in the online journal plos medicine confirmed and extended the conclusions made in " the lancet " article and go further to disprove the assertion that the lethal injection process is painless .
some take a more theoretical approach : starting from a hypothesis , which they seek to demonstrate or disprove through evidence .
the result p = zpp would disprove this , as p ≠ exptime ( see time hierarchy theorem ) .
a significant advantage of this approach was that , unlike the position adopted by burckhardt , it was unfalsifiable according to the knowledge and technology of the time as the absence of a known correlation between physical brain pathology and mental illness could not disprove his thesis .
he did so as an experiment to disprove aristotle 's theory of gravity , which states that objects fall at a speed relative to their mass .
initially , the people of the past are skeptical of the traveller 's claims , but they are unable to explain or disprove the authenticity of the records brought from the future .
also , the absence of supersymmetric particles at energies accessible to the lhc would not necessarily disprove string theory , since supersymmetry could exist but still be outside the accelerator 's range .
it was also believed that it was selzer 's edict that " camels are n't funny " that inspired friz freleng to disprove him by making " sahara hare " , a cartoon in which much of the comedy arises from yosemite sam 's attempts to control his dim - witted camel .
russell 's teapot , sometimes called the celestial teapot , is an analogy first coined by the philosopher bertrand russell ( 1872–1970 ) , intended to refute the idea that the philosophic burden of proof lies upon the sceptic to disprove unfalsifiable claims of religions .
in such cases , the onus of proof lies on a doctor , say , to disprove undue influence on a patient .
the lack of public interest in love canal made matters worse for the homeowners ' association , which now battled two organizations who were spending vast amounts of money to disprove negligence .
the other players will then look through their cards to try to find ones that will disprove you .
these facts disprove the hypothesis proposed by the late martinist - scholar robert amadou who proposed that martinez was a spanish jew " ( louis - claude de saint - martin et le martinisme , " paris , éditions le griffon d'or , 1946 ) .
local histories cite claims of brick work found under fields between the abbey and kappel as evidence for the tunnel , but no serious excavations have been undertaken to prove or disprove the old story .
he stresses that it is scientific evidence , not consensus opinion , that would prove or disprove this relation .
utilising special breath test devices , officers screen crews alleged of having consumed alcohol to prove or disprove the allegation .
this is based on a survey of 1,660 galaxies : a much larger sample could support or disprove it .
as an unproven conjecture that eluded brilliant mathematicians ' attempts to either prove it or disprove it for generations , his statement became famous as fermat 's last theorem .
though william 's complicity in the lynching has never been proven ( and some 19th century dutch historians have made an effort to disprove that he was an accessory before the fact ) he thwarted attempts to prosecute the ringleaders , and even rewarded some with money , and others with high offices , like johan van banchem and johan kievit .
increasing pressure from environmentalists , against the random killing of dingoes as well as due to the impact on other animals , demanded that more information needed to be gathered to prove the necessity of control measures and to disprove the claim of unnecessary killings .
the fact that classical decorum was unlikely to accept that a symphony could end in a different key from its beginning , and the even more undeniable fact that schubert had begun a third movement ( of which the score he gave to hüttenbrenner included the first page ) seems to disprove the thesis .
new studies seem to disprove both of these dates .
unlike the scientific method which relies on peer reviewed experiments which attempt to prove or disprove a falsifiable hypothesis , exploratory engineering relies on peer review , simulation and other methods employed by scientists , but applies them to some hypothetical artifact , a specific and detailed hypothesized design or process , rather than to an abstract model or theory .
counter - examples exist to disprove the " idea " that velocity maxima / minima occur when crank - rod angle is right angled .
no historical document that would contradict or disprove the conclusions of the " report " was made available . "
essentially , to disprove this conjecture , one would try to find a polynomial
this was widely regarded as an attempt to disprove the frequent accusations of sf not being " economically responsible " .
does he think he 's changing something , watching news programmes , or lying on his back on the sofa on sunday afternoon , reading more opinion columns of ungrounded certainties , more long articles about what really lies behind this or that development , or what is surely going to happen next , predictions forgotten as soon as they are read , well before events disprove them ? "
however , we would like to ask those people who are so against the mid shabaan , wether they have even a weak hadith to disprove the prayers on the 15th of shabaan ?
rather they are charges that are easy for loki to make and difficult for his targets to disprove , or which they do not care to refute .
in 1881 albert a. michelson first performed his interferometer experiments in the cellar of the main building of the aop , that were to disprove the movement of the earth through a hypothetical aether .
izzie tries to convince herself that denny is n't real , however to disprove this , he makes love to her .
for software , because of undecidability ( see computability theory ) the approach can not be fully algorithmic ; typically it may fail to prove or disprove a given property .
an employment contract from between dawn gibbons and sandoval , however , appeared to disprove that assertion , as it clearly laid out the terms and conditions of sandoval 's hiring .
the use of a logical extreme is often the simplest way to disprove a hypothesis .
thor uses the asgard projection technology to help disprove the existence of an asgard clone on earth .
we must always try to disprove our own theories . “ we can solidly settle our ideas only by trying to destroy our own conclusions by counter - experiments ” ( p. 56 ) .
during his youth he had an avid interest in birds and was determined to disprove general belief that swallows were impossible to tame , so from the age of eleven onward he robbed nests between his work deliveries .
the word has also been linked to the original werewolf of classical mythology , lycaon , a king of arcadia who , according to ovid 's " metamorphoses " , was turned into a ravenous wolf in retribution for attempting to serve his own son to visiting zeus in an attempt to disprove the god 's divinity .
the circumstances surrounding the stone 's discovery have made it impossible , to date , to prove or disprove its authenticity .
anatoly karpov suggested that spassky was afraid of fischer and wanted to show that he could draw with the white pieces and that fischer wanted to disprove that as the game headed for a stale draw .
independent experiment in the south hemisphere may prove or disprove an extrasolar origin of the modulation .
a simple demonstration to disprove the idea is to view an apparent counter - rotation ( that of a rotating drum ) in mirror image .
showing the card to the suggesting player is done in secret so the other players may not see which card is being used to disprove the suggestion .
fatma aliye published her first novel " muhazarat " ( " useful information " ) in 1892 under her real name , in which she tried to disprove the belief that a woman can not forget her first love .
the show is hosted by a cryptozoologist named josh gates who investigates mysterious creatures using high tech gear in order to find evidence of the creature 's existence or to disprove it entirely .
since 2004 the discovery channel tv show " mythbusters " has tried to prove or disprove urban legends by attempting to test them or reproduce them using the scientific method .
according to lyle campbell , an expert in mayan languages , the most promising proposal is the " macro - mayan " hypothesis , which posits linkages between mayan , mixe - zoquean languages and totonacan , but more research is needed to support or disprove this hypothesis .
meanwhile , boyd has told stingray , serena 's ex - boyfriend that lana is gay , and stingray tells serena who , feeling betrayed outs lana on a blackboard . lana seeks to disprove the rumours , by dating a boy named brendan .
the experiment was created to disprove popular arguments against the idea of a rotating earth .
in 1994 two historians , together with several descendants , sought a court order for the exhumation of booth 's body at green mount cemetery , which was , according to their lawyer , " intended to prove or disprove longstanding theories on booth 's escape " by conducting a photo - superimposition analysis .
when utena reveals her belief in " mr. licky - lick " ( dios ) based on her childhood experience and mysterious post cards she 's received in the mail , kaido does n't believe her and sets out to disprove dios 's existence .
neither a coroner 's inquest nor a public inquiry headed by lord scarman were able to find conclusive evidence to prove or disprove this claim .
it is hoped that during the preparation of the specimen an examination of the bird 's stomach contents could help prove or disprove this hypothesis .
it has been suggested that the goajiro are descended from taíno refugees , but the theory seems impossible to prove or disprove .
it is believed that the tai ethnic groups began migrating southward from china and into southeast asia during the first millennium a.d. while this theory of the origin of the tai is currently the leading theory , there is insufficient archaeological evidence to prove or disprove the proposition at this time , and the linguistic evidence alone is not conclusive .
critics and supporters disagree as to whether archaeological findings support or disprove the historicity of the book of mormon .
in many instances the perpetrators were dishonest and the trc did not have the resources to disprove more than a small percentage of their testimony .
in the above , " p " is the proposition we wish to prove or disprove ; and " s " is a set of statements which are given as true — these could be , for example , the axioms of the theory we are working in , or earlier theorems we can build upon .
paul 's own " free " attitude to the law , when on gentile soil , is just what is implied by the hostile rumors as to his conduct in , which he would be glad to disprove as at least exaggerated ( vv .
there appears to be no concrete reference to prove or disprove this story , but its plausibility bears noting .
in deductive research , a scientist would start from a hypothesis that religious affiliation influenced political views and then begin observations to prove or disprove this hypothesis .
relativity in particular is targeted as an alleged liberal ideology , and schlafly attempts to disprove the theory with alleged counterexamples .
" the maury show " often revolves around a mother trying to prove or disprove her child 's parentage through paternity tests .
the nonfalsifiable notions describe what we think of as a god 's transcendental qualities ; because they are independent of anything in the physical world , no physical circumstances are sufficient to prove or disprove their existence .
meanwhile , grissom , under pressure from the sheriff , must disprove the evidence presented by a corrupt entomologist in court .
creation science or scientific creationism is a branch of creationism which attempts to provide scientific support for the genesis creation myth , and disprove generally accepted scientific facts , theories and scientific paradigms about the history of the earth , cosmology and biological evolution .
however , tchaikovsky 's own letters and diary entries would seem to disprove this notion , showing that he did not identify with hermann .
j.b.s. haldane , when asked what hypothetical evidence could disprove evolution , replied " fossil rabbits in the precambrian era " .
nevertheless , some scholars have tried to disprove this mainstream premise through experiments on training chimpanzees to talk .
the agents visit millar , whose investigation has been unable to prove or disprove the military 's cover story .
perhaps ironically , or perhaps because it was artistically appropriate , the sum of asimov 's stories disprove the contention that he began with : it is not possible to reliably constrain the behaviour of robots by devising and applying a set of rules . "
the name ' stowfield ' would suggest a roman temple site , although no archaeological work has taken place to affirm or disprove this .
the american george r. price found hamilton 's paper , and finding trouble in its implications for sociobiology , tried to disprove it but ended up rederiving his work through the price equation .
while the report acknowledged that there would be some who would label the report itself as part of the “ cover up , ” and would probably assert that evidence corroborating alien recoveries at roswell or nearby remained hidden or was destroyed , an assertion nearly impossible to disprove , evidence showing the increased activity which would surely be associated with a cover up operation of such a seminal event was also completely lacking , making the assertion that something was being hidden extremely unlikely .
waddington and his team of navy defense lawyers , lt paul jenkins and lt maryann bridges , attacked the ncis investigation as sloppy and pointed to a lack of physical , forensic , and scientific evidence and contradicting witness testimony in an attempt to disprove the allegations .
contrary to media publicity , the 1998 uk limerick report did not disprove the toxic gas theory — as a highly qualified environmental scientist has stated in the new zealand medical journal .
molecular evidence does not prove or disprove any of these theories , or any other related theories that are not suggested here .
some chieftains took the event as a chance to show impressive forces and thus disprove allegations about the highland clearances , but the decimation of their tenantry rather undermined this .
attempts to prove or disprove the existence of a historical jesus in such a context , then , often degenerate into a methodological " black hole " in which all would - be evidence for a historical jesus is deconstructed into irrelevancy .
this is enough to disprove what johnson is reported to have said of him , that he was a plant that flowered late ; that there appeared nothing remarkable about him when he was young ; though , when he had got in fame , one of his friends began to recollect something of his being distinguished at college .
however , current data neither disprove nor support this hypothesis , indeed one recent study found no association between treated streptococcal infections and the risk of pandas symptoms .
this work was the first to scientifically disprove the concept of the linguistic identity between the russian and the old belarusian language , and from this argued for the existence of a distinct belarusian nationality , presenting to a wider world the richness of the belarusian traditional culture .
the film is based on the book ' by george jonas , an account of the incident which has been criticized by some intelligence personnel as fictional , though because of its covert nature is difficult to prove or disprove .
tem investigations on deformed quartz disprove shock origin " ( abstract ) . "
and she made a systematic investigation of many of his claims and allegations in order to disprove them .
proponents of the progressive creation theory include astronomer - turned - apologist hugh ross , whose organization , reasons to believe , accepts the scientifically determined age of the earth but seeks to disprove darwinian evolution .
a former believer in the miasma theory of disease , whitehead worked to disprove false theories , eventually focusing on dr. john snow 's idea that cholera spreads through water contaminated by human waste .
in the decades following the publications of his first paper on the " thrifty genotype " hypothesis , neel researched the frequency of diabetes and ( increasingly ) obesity in a number of other populations and , as a proper scientist , sought out observations that might disprove or discount his " thrifty gene " hypothesis .
although approximately 600 hidden mickeys have been recorded , the walt disney company has never compiled a complete list of all the " known " or " deliberate " mickeys ( whether created by an imagineer or a disney cast member ) , so there is no way to confirm or disprove every single mickey sighting .
the actual gaming , however , appeared to disprove some assumptions based on simple force ratios .
other related activities include attempts to create lossless data compression algorithms which will compress all possible inputs or to disprove the four - color theorem ; both of these belong to the first category of problems proven to be impossible ( assuming that there is no significant error in the accepted proof of the latter ) .
the terrorist fears , resulting reduction in travel and consumer expenditure , and increased security expenditures , they say , are a prime example of an economic cost shock , and they suggest that the recession of 2001 and 2002 would have been drastically worse had no attempts at promoting economic growth by reducing taxes been made , though there is no empirical evidence to support or disprove this claim ( nor could there be ) .
nevertheless in 1997 in the last issue 21 of " deutsche physik " marinov self - published experimental results that disprove that the " siberian coliu " , constructed by marinov himself , is a perpetual motion machine , and where marinov concluded that ampere 's law in electromagnetism is correct .
both liningstone and cameron failed to follow the river downstream due to fiendish inhabitants , thereby missing a proof ( or disprove , as it would turn out ) of the statement that it wasfeeding the nile .
its technical plausibility notwithstanding , there is little evidence to prove or disprove that tofu production originated in this way .
he first used this form of harmonic analysis in 1897 to disprove c. g. knott 's claim of periodicity in earthquake occurrences .
they attempted to disprove rovers ' claims by playing him in a friendly the following day .
the agent tells carmichael that after legal fees , physicians fees , etc that it would have cost more to disprove the claim than to just settle for ' nuisance value . '
this theory is hard to prove or disprove , since stegotexts can be arbitrarily hard to crack .
the scene was so graphic and realistic , that several crew members were forced to testify in court to disprove the accusation that real dogs were used in the film .
an experiment done to try and prove or disprove such sustainability yielded results stating that recovery from collection depended greatly on the season of collection .
the accusations that the community had sociological cult tendencies were harder to prove or disprove .
in 1897 , professor william libbey from princeton university climbed enchanted mesa to disprove the existence of ruins .
unless objective criteria are being proposed as prerequisites for testing artificial consciousness , the failure of any particular test would not disprove consciousness .
there seems to be no evidence to prove or disprove galla ’s connection to the building .
ironheade overpowers the drowning doom at the sea of black tears ; defeated , ophelia tries to disprove eddie 's belief that she is doviculus ' spy .
sydney bristow tried to disprove that the prophecy refers to herself by climbing mt. subasio , however , this may have been a misinterpretation of the meaning of the prophecy , as the prophecy states " the beauty of my sky " .
a hypothesis usually defines falsifiable terms in order to ' prove ' or ' disprove ' a prediction which can be based on subjective conjecture , observations or even just an " educated guess " and an evaluation usually ' tests ' the falsifiable terms , to see if the prediction was ' correct ' or ' incorrect ' .
this is a possibility , but at this point there is insufficient evidence to either prove or disprove it .
a variety of experiments have been performed in order to verify or disprove various hypotheses about bike dynamics .
there are several recorded oral traditions ( arabic : " hadith " ) from the islamic prophet muhammad used either to prove or to disprove the legality of nikah mut'ah , an islamic marriage form .
however , descartes was not ostensively a skeptic and developed his theory of an absolute certainty to disprove other skeptics who argued that there is no certainty .
for example , euclidean geometry without the parallel postulate is incomplete ; it is not possible to prove or disprove the parallel postulate from the remaining axioms .
by doing this , hegelian critics accuse kierkegaard of using the dialectic to disprove the dialectic , which seems somewhat contradictory and hypocritical .
a believer in the miasma theory of disease , whitehead worked to disprove false theories , eventually coming to prefer dr. john snow 's idea that cholera spreads through water contaminated by human waste .
however , this incident actually sparked the research movement , led by paul lazarsfeld and herta herzog , that would disprove the magic bullet or hypodermic needle theory , as hadley cantril managed to show that reactions to the broadcast were , in fact , diverse , and were largely determined by situational and attitudinal attributes of the listeners .
due to the strong subjective element in connoisseurship , such accusations remain hard to either disprove or substantiate .
the narrator intends to rest in a room said to be haunted , in an effort to disprove the various legends surrounding it .
it was on this occasion that he composed a genealogy of the danish kings , intended to disprove the alleged impediment of consanguinity between ingeborg and philip .
proponents of the bedouin legend note that because the story and the pronunciation of " lahi , " or " lehi , " is entirely based upon centuries of tradition and verbal legend , it is impractical to use linguistics or modern patterns of consistency to either validate or disprove its authenticity .
shahîd understands " quae usque hodie extant " to mean that jerome had read the letters ; that he refers to philip as " primus " would thus mean that he either found positive evidence for philip 's christianity in them or , at least , that he found nothing to disprove it .
dawkins does not claim to disprove god with absolute certainty .
attempts to disprove the spontaneous generation of life from non - life continued in the early 1800s with observations and experiments by franz schulze and theodor schwann .
zammit argues that he does not ask the antagonists to prove that there is no afterlife , but to disprove the existing evidence for it .
to disprove the accusations , eric morley put the judging panel 's ballot cards on view and described the complex " majority vote system " .
since very few countries employ a fully integrated military , there are few references able to prove or disprove the arguments below .
while other reactions have been more accomodating , some suggesting that eventually an experimental design can be designed to prove or disprove its validity .
pasteur is most famous for his series of experiments designed to disprove the then widely held theory of spontaneous generation , thereby solidifying microbiology ’s identity as a biological science .
he has stated that he finds basic evidence of evolution 's being random to be lacking - or to disprove the theory outright , though he does n't propose theistic creationism as an alternative .
the existence of " standard " quantum computers does not disprove the church – turing thesis .
finally , he argues that only when more african - american men and women are openly gay in the media spotlight , this will diminish homophobia in black communities or disprove that homosexuality is a predominantly white ( or at least non - black ) phenomenon .
lds researchers claim that it is not valid to use genetics to attempt to prove or disprove the historicity of the book of mormon , citing a lack of source genes and the improbability of tracing israelite dna even if present .
the " swift boat challenge " from texas oilman t. boone pickens was his reported offer of us $ 1 million to anyone who can disprove even a single charge made by the swift vets and pows for truth , formerly the swift boat veterans for truth , during the 2004 presidential election campaign .
" so far as is known , no person has ever spent the night there to disprove this is
a brouwerian counterexample does not disprove a statement ; it only shows that it is non - constructive .
the results of the dna test does not support the hypothesis that the inhabitants of liqian are related to the romans , though it does not disprove it , either .
his writings revolved around the need for africans to develop their own identity , be culturally , spiritually and politically aware of their own potential and preside over their own self rule and to disprove the european view of africans as culture - less .
on the other hand , denial is one of the most controversial defense mechanisms , since it can be easily used to create unfalsifiable theories : anything the subject says or does that appears to disprove the interpreter 's theory is explained , not as evidence that the interpreter 's theory is wrong , but as the subject 's being " in denial " .
" ... duress is a unique defence in that it is so much more likely than any other to depend on assertions which are peculiarly difficult for the prosecution to investigate or subsequently to disprove . "
more recently , the television show mythbusters performed an experiment aiming to either verify or disprove the concept .
one of his most interesting discoveries was to disprove humboldt 's earlier claims about tian shan 's supposed volcanic origins .
this theory has been opposed by the art renewal center who have published several articles attempting to disprove " secret knowledge " by means of historical documents and the experiences of living artists who do not use any photography yet have produced photorealistic drawings and paintings .
one of his aims is to disprove the chinese maxim , " you can always fool a foreigner " .
genetic studies disprove this for example haplogroup e3b has been proven by science to have began in the near east .
the unity of the country might appear accidental , something which pirenne sought to disprove in his " history of belgium " ( 1899 - 1932 ) .
indeed , it was with this in mind that academians took it upon themselves to disprove the popular pseudo - science of mesmerism .
" this may disprove the idea of " teaching " handedness by modeling parental behavior , but it is obvious that more research needs to be done in this area .
the way out of this cycle , he argued , was to either cure whites of prejudice or improve the circumstances of blacks , which would then disprove whites ' preconceived notions .
much of the hype surrounding the game was related to how it would either prove or disprove the proposition that the afl teams were truly worthy of being allowed to merge with the nfl ; the first two such games had resulted in blowout victories for the nfl champion in the two previous years , the green bay packers , and the colts were even more favored by media figures and handicappers than the packers had been .
this was strenuously denied by his friends and carers noeline brown and tony sattler , and as a result kennedy 's biographer graeme blundell then published kennedy 's medical records , including a recent negative hiv test , to disprove this allegation .
on 28 december , while the noise of the exploding tanks continued , " s-37 " investigated reports of japanese landings in balayan bay , then proceeded toward looc bay to verify or disprove a similar rumor .
it has to take place in a facility in which a member of the executive council can approve or disprove .
historically , it is of course impossible to prove or disprove that these records speak of the same flag .
the negative team disagrees with the topic and presents arguments supported by evidence to disprove the truth of the topic .
however , the guidelines stress there is no " best - method rule " : a taxpayer is only required to show that the method used delivers a reasonable ( at arm 's length ) result and is not required to disprove the use of each other method than the method used .
he under the auspices of the ontario human rights commission conducted an experiment in 2007 where he drove around cayuga speedway on motorcycle while wearing a turban at 110 kilometres an hour in order to disprove a crown theory that turbans unravel at high speed and cause accidents .
another benefit of claiming traditional native origins was that it was nearly impossible to disprove .
philosopher peter godfrey - smith doubted that a single set of anachronistic fossils , however , even rabbits in the precambrian , would disprove the theory of evolution outright .
ritter sought to disprove fischer 's thesis by maintaining that the chancellor dr. theobald von bethmann - hollweg
however , they uncovered no hard evidence to disprove the theory either and the episode was left open to viewer 's opinion on the matter .
astrophysicist bulwark stanton , the most devious of the group , is obsessed with little girls and keeps a mechanical effigy of one at home . lester is threatening to disprove einstein 's theory of general relativity at the tender age of 12 ; he 's chomping at the bit to match wits with phibes .
the two are frequently confused but " u. tomentosa " is the more heavily researched for medicinal use and immune modulation , while " u. guianensis " may be more useful for osteoarthritis . " u. tomentosa " is further divided into two chemotypes with different properties and active compounds , a fact ignored by most manufacturers that can have significant implications on both its use as an alternative medicine and in clinical trials to prove or disprove its efficacy .
