in ancient israel it was held that disturbances of the mind or emotions were caused by " supernatural forces " or an angry god , as a punishment for sin or failure to follow the commandments .
their internal motions are governed by turbulence in a cold , magnetized gas , for which the turbulent motions are highly supersonic but comparable to the speeds of magnetic disturbances .
tropical disturbances that reach tropical storm intensity are named from a pre - determined list .
there were disturbances before and after two international association football matches between egypt and algeria in november 2009 , leading to diplomatic tensions between egypt , algeria , and sudan .
low - latitude and low - level westerly wind bursts associated with the madden - julian oscillation can create favorable conditions for tropical cyclogenesis by initiating tropical disturbances .
description of a method by which disturbances of sex function of hormonic origin can be differentiated from those of nervous or psychic origin by the creatine content of the urine .
" the country 's financial and external payments positions should be strong enough to withstand temporary disturbances caused by tuesday 's military coup , " moody 's said .
as the prefontal cortex is also associated with a variety of psychological deficits co - existing disturbances of consciousness and mood may also be present though co - morbidity is not a necessary precursor to functional motor symptoms .
while job creation and destruction as a national whole average usually equalize , when disturbances in the markets occur , the disruptions can cause higher than usual unemployment , which has a negative effect on the economy and causes further economic stress .
then , in the 8th and 7th centuries bce , mars ( itself displaced by venus ) made close approaches to the earth ; this incident caused a new round of disturbances and disasters .
however it 's also important to not consume too much water in a short time , or you can risk developing water intoxication and other electrolyte disturbances which can lead to nausea , vomiting , convulsions , brain swelling , unconsciousness and possibly death .
kraepelin pointed out two fundamental disturbances underlying dream speech : a diminished functioning of the wernicke area , and a diminished functioning of those frontal areas in which abstract reasoning is localized .
in the disturbances of 1820 he adhered to the constitutionalist party , and fought under general pepe against the austrians .
historical ecology , views the effects of human - mediated disturbances on waterway transformation as both subtle and drastic occurrences .
a story of a couple ( a rich girl and a middle class boy ) with five children whose otherwise happy and stable marriage is threatened by petty jealousies and other marital disturbances , prompting the wife ( dina ) , pregnant with their fifth child , to up and flee to her grandma in the province .
decline in food production , growth of the population , and competition for resources among the great families all led to the gradual decline of fujiwara power and gave rise to military disturbances in the mid - tenth and eleventh centuries .
evening tep is quenched by moderate to severe geomagnetic disturbances .
... the main cause of the recent disturbances is the lack of rice .
on account of the disturbances caused by war he was obliged to carry off and conceal the cabinet of coins five times , each time re - arranging it anew .
you must also keep your kingdom fairly prosperous and quell civil disturbances and unrest .
in the late 20th century the conceptualization of explanations put forward to account for prison disturbances and riots has changed .
gris can induce a wide range of psychological and physiological effects , including a general and subjective alteration in consciousness , dizziness , blurry vision , diplopia or double vision , nystagmus or involuntary eye movements , amblyopia or " lazy eye " , tinnitus or " ear ringing " , sedation , drowsiness or somnolence , narcolepsy , tiredness or weakness , fatigue or lethargy , aches and pains , headache , nausea and vomiting , gastrointestinal disturbances , shakiness , disorientation , diminished awareness , impaired attention , focus , and concentration , decreased drive and motivation , stuttering and slurring of speech , confusion , cognitive and memory impairment , mood lift or drop , depression , anxiolysis , disinhibition , stress reduction , euphoria or dysphoria , irritability , aggression , anger or rage , increased appetite and subsequent weight gain , ataxia or impaired coordination and balance , muscle relaxation , trembling or muscle tremors and spasms , paresthesia or " pins and needles " , analgesia , respiratory depression , and dyspnea or shortness of breath , among others .
she was supposed to arrive in the philippines and enter either house the day before , but her flight was delayed due to weather disturbances caused by typhoon mirinae .
the actions of trimetazidine include limitation of intracellular acidosis , correction of disturbances of transmembrane ion exchanges , and prevention of excessive production of free radicals .
while the school was closed , school officials met to review discipline procedures and plan enforcement , which they said would include the use of chemical mace to quell disturbances .
these two great disturbances correspond therefore in point of time to the two great auroral displays already alluded to .
according to his wife , his mental faculties also declined in parallel with his physical condition ; he suffered emotional disturbances and short - term memory loss , and once forgot the way back to his house and had to telephone for help .
this has prompted some disturbances by the group earth first , including " evicting " the project offices in oakland city .
responding to these disturbances , venezuelan soldiers loyal to chávez called for massive popular support for a counter - coup .
conflicts between bradburn and the settlers in the region over land rights , slavery laws , and customs duties led to the anahuac disturbances , a prelude to the larger texas rebellion .
the french succeeded in helping it to quell the disturbances , and an african peacekeeping force ( misab ) occupied bangui until 1998 when they were relieved by a united nations peacekeeping mission ( minurca ) .
the first derby of the 2009–10 season on 7 november 2009 at the liberty stadium ended in a 3 - 2 win for swansea and again saw crowd disturbances as a total fifteen arrests were made during and after the match .
thus , when renal failure leads to a buildup of urea " and other nitrogenous wastes " ( uremia ) , an individual may suffer neurological disturbances such as altered cognitive function ( encephalopathy ) , impaired taste ( dysgeusia ) or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) .
shortly before dinner , tomkinson was informed that patrols had been dispatched from " hood " and " valiant " to deal with further disturbances at the canteen and in the open air ashore .
his command was no more successful than bradburn 's ; within months travis led a group of insurgents to overthrow tenorio in the second of the anahuac disturbances .
in addition to these ' stationary ' ( constant ) noise sources , all ground - based detectors are also limited at low frequencies by seismic noise and other forms of environmental vibration , and other ' non - stationary ' noise sources ; creaks in mechanical structures , lightning or other large electrical disturbances , etc . may also create noise masking an event or may even imitate an event .
slings have been used in the 2008 disturbances in kenya .
the day after , disturbances continued with crowds attacking the palace of colonel francia , who also owned a flour milling machine .
lns is characterized by three major hallmarks : neurologic dysfunction , cognitive and behavioral disturbances including self - mutilation , and uric acid overproduction ( hyperuricemia ) .
the formula_1 index is a standard index used to measure ionospheric disturbances .
pawlak 's first premiership was and is widely viewed as a caretaker administration , serving to give the new coalition time to form the next government in the wake of the political disturbances resulting from the fall of the olszewski government .
attempts have also been made to connect these internal disturbances in the chola kingdom with the story of the persecution suffered by ramanuja in the hands of the cholas .
the traditional historiography of georgia , heavily influenced by prince vakhushti and marie brosset , continued to view him as a feudal adventurer and ambitious warlord involved in the turbulent whirl of intrigues and disturbances which fill the history of seventeenth - century georgia .
the period of his rule was marked by internal feuds and disturbances , which he put down with severity .
labor strife and civil disturbances were widespread in 1962 and 1963 .
feedback on how the system is actually performing allows the controller ( vehicle 's on board computer ) to dynamically compensate for disturbances to the system , such as changes in slope of the ground or wind speed .
the pilgrimages continued into the 19th century , but rowdy disturbances led to the ecclesiastical authorities prohibiting devotional exercises and the site became less visited .
atrocities were not one sided , and there are reports of murders of travancore policemen after they had surrendered to the communists , during the early stages of the disturbances .
the authors ' suggestion for the cause of sids is that the deaths are caused by disturbances in respiratory control ( from other than suffocation ) .
in many ecosystems , communities tend to recover following mild to moderate natural and anthropogenic disturbances .
a shadowgraph is a process that makes visible the disturbances that occur in a fluid flow at high velocity , in which light passing through a flowing fluid is refracted by the density gradients in the fluid resulting in bright and dark areas on a screen placed behind the fluid .
on july 26 , 2008 , the united states house of representatives passed the energy markets emergency act of 2008 ( h.r. 6377 ) , which directs the commodity futures trading commission ( cftc ) " to utilize all its authority , including its emergency powers , to curb immediately the role of excessive speculation in any contract market within the jurisdiction and control of the commodity futures trading commission , on or through which energy futures or swaps are traded , and to eliminate excessive speculation , price distortion , sudden or unreasonable fluctuations or unwarranted changes in prices , or other unlawful activity causing major market disturbances that prevent the market from accurately reflecting the forces of supply and demand for energy commodities .
the motor disorders of cerebral palsy are often accompanied by disturbances of sensation , perception , cognition , communication , and behaviour , by epilepsy , and by secondary musculoskeletal problems .
during the flight , wetherbee and bloomfield fired small jet thrusters on " atlantis " to provide data for the mir structural dynamics experiment ( misde ) , which measures disturbances to space station components and its solar arrays .
this does lead to problems with public intoxication , drunk driving , and related disturbances .
the revolutionary disturbances compelled him to flee from lyon and take refuge in paris in 1793 .
as with the rag of ' 22 , the college authorities responded with a public tightening of discipline and a warning that ' any further disturbances created by the students of the college with students of university college will be regarded as a breach of discipline and treated accordingly ' .
however a culture of right - wing public protest and violent hooliganism had emerged in hungary during the intervening year with the outbreak of massive anti - government demonstrations known collectively as the " fall disturbances " ( " őszi zavargások " ) in september and october 2006 , prompting police to expect that the 2007 protests against the gay parade would be much more extensive and aggressive .
the ‘ student level’ provides a basic functionality enabling the user to understand and control the process principles without too many operational complications , whereas the ‘ industry level’ has advanced functionality and the user needs to deal with practical disturbances that are not anticipated in advance .
in 1849 the church was at the heart of the revolutionary disturbances known as the may uprising .
spontaneous quenches are uncommon , but may also be triggered by equipment malfunction , improper cryogen fill technique , contaminants inside the cryostat , or extreme magnetic or vibrational disturbances .
the wedding was delayed partly due to periods of mourning for emperor kōmei , and for her brother ichijō saneyoshi , and due to political disturbances around kyoto in 1867 and 1868 .
many species also have naturally low population densities and closely restricted geographic ranges ; as a result , relatively small localised disturbances of important ecosystems can lead to the extinction of entire populations or species .
tectonic disturbances have broken up the karatoya into four distinct parts .
in a vacuum , maxwell 's equations predict that these disturbances will travel at a specific speed , denoted by the symbol c. this well - known physical constant is commonly referred to as the speed of light .
there are references elsewhere to a ' war ' that had occurred during these years , but it is obscure to what this word alludes , perhaps to no more than internal disturbances and discontent .
since they are all still relatively close together , disturbances can make them highly susceptible to extinction .
because glucose is the primary energy source of the brain , this lack of glucose ( hypoglycemia ) contributes to symptoms such as fatigue , weakness , mood disturbances , and decreased attention and concentration .
several small disturbances are created along the frontier by marauding bands of waziris and mahsuds , which are easily suppressed by the local militia without aid from regular troops .
fluoroscein staining is usually diagnostic for corneal ulcers , although staining with rose bengal is also recommended as it can pick up early viral / fungal lesions , which will appear as multifocal disturbances to the tear film .
enso is best - known for its association with floods , droughts and other weather disturbances in many regions of the world , which vary with each event .
simultaneous large scale disturbances broke out on 28th february 1966 government installations at aizawl , lunglei , chawngte , chhimluang and other places .
in april 2009 , mu'azu was appointed chair of a commission of inquiry into the february 2009 civil disturbances in the bauchi metropolis .
risk factors for the development of bacterial overgrowth include the use of medications including proton pump inhibitors , anatomical disturbances in the bowel , including fistulae , diverticula and blind loops created after surgery , and resection of the ileo - cecal valve .
they also annihilate vampires who cause disturbances within the special zone .
almost one in ten ( 9% ) of those affected by domestic disturbances claims it has left them continually disturbed and stressed .
in 1970 the film " woodstock " was shown all over greece , with reports of arrests and disturbances especially in athens as many youths flocked to see the film and filled theatres to capacity , while many others were left outside .
yeshitela came under national attention in october - november 1996 when civil disturbances in predominantly african american south st. petersburg were triggered by the police killing of tyron lewis , an 18-year - old unarmed african american motorist .
the spirit molecule is an album by anomalous disturbances , aka terry o'brien .
further disturbances took place in bangor , were again members of the uda east belfast group represented by frankie gallagher were said to fire shots at the police during a police raid against criminals living in killcooley estate .
some high mountain and desert areas of north america used to be refuges for severe hay fever sufferers , who would go to such areas for relief during the pollen season , but increased human activity , such as building and other disturbances of the soil , irrigation , and gardening , have encouraged ragweed to spread to these areas as well .
related technologies that have been developed to improve safety include large , pillow - like pads strapped to the bottoms of shoes that distribute weight and dull the impact of footsteps , as very slight disturbances of the ground can tip off old , unstable , or intentionally sensitive mine triggers .
yap ah shak was selected by wong ying , a prosperous cantonese miner and several others to take over from kapitan china shin ( sheng ming li ) of sungai ujong six months after the disturbances there had died down .
he then travelled to khurasan and again participated in further disturbances .
later that day as the disturbances low level circulation center moved under the deep convection and became more organized ; the jma designated it as a tropical depression whilst the jtwc issued a tropical cyclone formation alert .
in 1229 during disturbances within the almohad movement , abu zakariya declared his independence , having the mahdi 's name declared at friday prayer , but himself taking the title of amir : hence , the start of the hafsid dynasty ( 1229 - 1574 ) .
and so , as mead herself described the goal of her research : " i have tried to answer the question which sent me to samoa : are the disturbances which vex our adolescents due to the nature of adolescence itself or to the civilization ?
of the ten tropical disturbances detected operationally , five struck the united states with winds of or greater , while the other tropical systems affected islands , remained over the open ocean , or affected the country with winds below tropical storm intensity .
this led to disturbances at the house , and occasional raids and arrests .
state officials find no evidence of mass grave disturbances at mission hills cemetery .
the disturbances were quickly controlled , and , to appease local discontent , the municipal government of tegucigalpa was reestablished .
two years later he became the " posts staff writer on central america and the caribbean , covering disturbances in haiti and the situation in cuba .
it is of importance to note here that many successful english piano builders had apprenticed with silbermann in germany , and then left for london as a result of the disturbances of the seven years war in saxony .
this had caused many chinese to join secret societies in singapore , resulting in turf wars and other disturbances that threatened the stability of the settlement .
for example , other disturbances followed in cluj - napoca , turda and iaşi , where students and workers in two separate protests apparently marched through the streets to party headquarters .
the game was marred by disturbances from the napoli fans , resulting in two separate pitch invasions until finally – under a barrage of missiles – the referee abandoned the match after 79 minutes .
if only one bit is missing , as it could occur due to disturbances , the whole block is gated out .
in the worst case , an interruption in the normal reproduction process triggers a sequence of disturbances , a chain reaction which spreads from some branches of production to the whole economy , meaning that products are left unsold , and that producers receive insufficient income to pay their bills .
he entirely suppressed " coursing , " i.e. disputations in which the rival parties " ran down opponents in arguments , " and which commonly ended in blows and disturbances .
symptoms typically include digestive disturbances , fever and visual problems .
the main source for " mid latitude " sporadic - e ( es ) clouds is wind shear produced by internal buoyancy / gravity waves ( ibgw 's ) , that create traveling ionosphere disturbances ( tid 's ) , most of which are produced by severe thunderstorm cell complexes with overshooting tops that penetrate into the stratosphere .
disturbances continued to break out on both java and sumatra during the remainder of the 19th century , and between 1846 and 1849 , expeditions to conquer bali were largely unsuccessful .
12 april 1321 , the swedish council , after receiving complaints from the norwegian council regarding a rumour of crimes and disturbances in ingeborgs lands made by foreigners , told the norwegian council to advice ingeborg to listen more to the advice of the old experienced men in the councils rather than to young unexperienced foreign men ; a law was created which banned foreigners in the swedish council .
materials which respond to mechanical disturbances by both viscous ( or plastic / irreversible ) and elastic ( or reversible ) behavior under distinct ranges of deformation ( and rate deformation , or frequency ) are referred to as viscoelastic .
from 1927 to 1929 , tyrwhitt was commander - in - chief on the china station during a period of disturbances and tension with the nationalist government , and became the senior british officer in the region .
oil and gas companies have been opened up into habitat known for blowout penstemon with strict regulations concerning surface disturbances .
the suwałki cold anomaly in poland has led to the recognition that similar thermal disturbances related to pleistocene - holocene climatic changes are recorded in boreholes throughout poland , as well as in alaska , northern canada , and siberia .
release of the components of muscle tissue into the bloodstream leads to disturbances in electrolytes , causing nausea , vomiting , confusion , coma and cardiac arrhythmias ( abnormal heart rate and rhythm ) .
a systematic review in 2006 looked specifically at efficacy and safety in two categories of melatonin usage : first , for sleep disturbances which are secondary to other diagnoses and , second , for sleep disorders such as jet lag and shift work which accompany sleep restriction .
these systems exhibit unavoidable disturbances of all sizes , up to the size of the entire system .
a local police chief , or is a good friend of kenshin 's and often informs him of local disturbances .
in st. paul 's , a number of largely african - caribbean people rose up against racism , police harassment and mounting dissatisfaction with their social and economic circumstances before similar disturbances followed across the uk .
it is characterized by cardiac pain that occurs in the morning and that can not be stopped with normal treatments of nitroglycerin , along with other occurrences of heart rhythm disturbances , dyspnea , and various types of heart failure .
a second - class detective in the nypd , elisa first encountered the gargoyles when investigating a series of disturbances in the castle atop the skyscraper of billionaire david xanatos .
abrupt disturbances in a system resulting from a build up of events without external stimuli
the first effects of the war were paper shortages and losses and disturbances in shipping , then quickly a dire lack of hands as the staff were called up and went to serve on the field .
however , they can be designed to tolerate / ignore the disturbances so that the overall system operation is not affected .
this acts as a dynamo , turning the moon into a giant electro - magnet , which causes the storms on a victim planet , along with other disturbances caused by the red moon 's gravity .
the is considered central to most mental disturbances and is characterized by self - hate rather than self - love .
the abbasid caliphate was struggling with political disturbances and losing its aura of universal legitimacy .
as soon as the disturbances had ceased , the jews began to return and to rebuild their destroyed homes ; and while it is true that the jewish population of poland had decreased and become impoverished , it still was more numerous than that of the jewish colonies in western europe .
several optional features support its presence in electrical grids , including voltage regulation and the delivery of reactive power during grid disturbances or periods of low wind .
this period ended on august 15 , 2007 , with the start of a new eruption involving seismic disturbances and a " vigorous eruption of lava . "
hindu temples are also high risk areas during communal disturbances ( most recently in 1990 , 1992 and 2001 ) when it has often been necessary to call the army to protect sensitive locations .
the country had been in turmoil with riots and disturbances all over the country ( east and west pakistan ) against the rule of ex - president ayub khan .
the plasma encountered in the region of the geostationary orbit becomes heated during geomagnetic " sub - storms " caused by disturbances in the solar wind .
nevertheless , in many showings of the film , which was not as successful as the book had been , there were disturbances from national socialists .
there he met a jew named aquila , a native of pontus , who had recently come from italy with his wife priscilla , because claudius had ordered all the jews to leave rome . " ( " acts of the apostles " 18:1 - 2 ) has been conjectured to refer to the expulsion at the times of these " persistent disturbances " .
the red shift could be proved only in the 1950s after it became possible to precisely analyze the complex disturbances of the solar atmosphere
the municipalities of mexico have ( but not all do ) their own preventive and municipal police forces , which are responsible for handling minor civil disturbances and traffic infractions .
real disturbances did not occur within the republic until 1990 .
additionally , tourists have also caused problems by making noise , littering and causing disturbances in general .
in addition to diagnostic testing of the electrical properties of the heart , electrophysiologists are trained in therapeutic and surgical methods to treat many of the rhythm disturbances of the heart .
" jansky noise " is named after jansky , and refers to high frequency static disturbances of cosmic origin .
this rapidly expanding area involves studying the plausible role of such genetic disturbances in common behavioral conditions such as autism , attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , anxiety , depression , etc .
swallowing difficulties may be the first symptom of digestive disturbances and may lead to malnutrition .
the disturbances lasted over a week before police and pro - government vigilantes dispersed the crowds .
as is typical of disturbances in the late hurricane season , the wave maintained a relatively low attitude during its trek across the atlantic .
she is best known for her plays " painting churches " and " coastal disturbances " ; the latter received a tony award nomination for best play in 1987 .
symptoms of overdosage would be those associated with a diuretic effect : electrolyte disturbances , hypotension , and muscular weakness .
the cabling used in the outside plant must also be protected from electrical disturbances caused by lightning or voltage surges due to electrical shorts or induction .
the royal edict , registered by the " parlement " of paris on march 15 , 1667 created the office of " lieutenant général de police " ( " lieutenant general of police " ) , who was to be the head of the new paris police force , and defined the task of the police as " ensuring the peace and quiet of the public and of private individuals , purging the city of what may cause disturbances , procuring abundance , and having each and everyone live according to their station and their duties " .
however , large scale disturbances occurred in 1904 resulting in the murder of the political agent and militia commandant at sarwakai .
public concerns included potentially operating as a brothel and late night disturbances .
trees in urban landscape settings are often subject to disturbances , whether human or natural , both above and below ground .
much of this work was focussed on preparing senior police leaders ( gold and silver ) to deal with serious civil disturbances and other such ongoing and fluid major incidents .
persons affected are cognitively impaired and have behavioral disturbances that emerge between two and three years of age .
not to take the initiative in disturbances , riots , or provocations ... in regions where we have not yet been attacked and which have not yet come under fire ; to make an effort to harm [ only ] the guilty ones and , knowing the impossibility of being meticulous about targeting the right individuals , to be careful to target the right settlement , village or region . "
the majapahit empire fell due to internal disturbances and attacks by islamic forces of the sultanate of demak on the north coast of java .
inhabitants can not recognise him , and moslem - christian society can not accept responsibility for riots or other disturbances of peace ' ..
since the elderly are often on multiple medications , they are at risk for taste disturbances increasing the chances of developing depression , loss of appetite , and extreme weight loss .
this led to further disturbances in the state , leading to more killings .
thus the country districts were consulted for the last time in 1620 and 1640 ; and a similar breach of the charters of 1489 and 1531 ( by which the consent of these districts was required for the conclusion of important alliances , war and peace , and might be asked for as to other matters ) occasioned disturbances in 1777 .
the helical resonator can be " shock excited " due to radiant energy disturbances not only at the fundamental wave at one - quarter wave - length but also is excited at its harmonics .
the day after the act was passed , on october 9 , 1953 , london suspended the colony 's constitution and , under pretext of quelling disturbances , sent in troops .
as a " zamindar " absentee landlord in 1873 he advocated drastic action for " the restoration of order and tranquility " against peasants participating in the pabna disturbances , which was severely curtailing his income .
although a few disturbances took place in the following months , mixed seating became a common practice .
the state was on the brink of a civil war , which would have served russia 's interests , demonstrating that russian troops were still necessary in lithuania to prevent disturbances and riots .
it is also recommended in orthopedic disorders and injuries in general ; rheumatologic problems such as arthritis and osteoarthritis , and psychiatric and psychological categories as phobias , stress and sensory disturbances .
the defeat of the natives in the hut tax war ended large scale organised resistance to colonialism ; however resistance continued throughout the colonial period in the form of intermittent rioting and chaotic labour disturbances .
he opened his third eye , a tremendously inauspicious event which led to disturbances in the universe .
a royal visit to the site in the early seventies ( 1972 ) caused considerable controversy ; student protests against the queen 's visit were vociferous and , in some cases , fuelled by alcohol , and the disturbances were widely condemned in the press and the local community , where students were refused access to buses and other facilities for a time .
but while affluent torquinians collected over £ 4,000 for the relief of the irish , many devonians were less than happy about their own situation and decided to do something about it . rumours of disturbances had spread around the town but no heed had been taken , so when at 7.30 p.m. on may 17 a crowd assembled in lower union street the authorities were caught off guard as attacks were made on bakers ' shops and women carried off the spoils in their aprons .
a higher rate of migraines then the general population and sleep disturbances are reported .
later lao official histories portray all these disturbances as " anti - colonial struggles , " but this is an exaggeration .
this method was more robust than the differentiation method and it also smoothed out signal disturbances since the finite time step size was less sensitive to random signal impulses ( spikes ) .
the observatory played a major role in solar radio mapping , studies of environmental disturbances , and development of a solar optical videometer for microwave research .
beginning first in munster the " caravat and shanavest " " war " erupted sporadically throughout the 19th century and caused some serious disturbances .
satmar - chabad disturbances .
he helped the side to the state title in 1968 and several dockerty cup triumphs but left when croatia were suspended following crowd disturbances in 1972 .
for example , new forestry techniques that better imitate historical disturbances are now being implemented ( see http://www.newcommunityforestry.org/ ) .
he was assigned to cleveland , ohio , during the canada border disturbances from 1839 to 1841 .
there were some disturbances but they eventually died down , and later in the set rose commented " i 'm actually having quite a good time now !
it was in this area on 30 january 1972 that 13 civilians were killed by british army paratroopers in the bloody sunday disturbances ( an additional civilian died later ) .
after a quick flare up of energy and more disturbances in the ship , the crystals seem to power down .
the term is often understood intuitively as the transport of disturbances in space , not associated with motion of the medium occupying this space as a whole .
after that , the club started to experiment some difficulties due to the disturbances that started with the rebellion in casamance .
civil disturbances in western australia .
although criticized since its inception , psychoanalysis has been used as a research tool into childhood development , and has developed into a flexible , effective treatment for certain mental disturbances .
a non - violent army acts unlike armed men , as well in times of peace as in times of disturbances .
the vertebral subluxation complex is differentiated by the fifth component , general systemic disturbances secondary to the spinal misalignment ( vertebral subluxation ) .
a far smaller measure of immigration led to the palestine disturbances which lasted from 1936 to 1939 , and showed that the arabs , who have lived and buried their dead for fifty generations in palestine , will not willingly surrender their land and self - government to the jews .
folded - unipole antenna sites are affected less by otherwise attenuating disturbances near the ground .
such openings are most likely to occur naturally as the result of vegetative disturbances such as fires or heavy animal grazing .
adult dissociation when comorbid with a history of child abuse and otherwise interpersonal violence - related posttraumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) has been shown to contribute to disturbances in parenting behavior , such as exposure of young children to violent media .
with feedforward control , the disturbances are measured and accounted for before they have time to affect the system .
a correctional emergency response team ( cert ) , special emergency response team for correction ( sert ) , or special operation response team ( sort ) is a team of highly trained corrections officers in the united states tasked with responding to incidents , riots , cell extractions , mass searches , or disturbances in prisons , possibly involving uncooperative or violent inmates .
such sets are lightweight , compact and inexpensive , but like cards are more susceptible to minor disturbances such as a sudden breeze .
some skinhead members of firms are described as " official hooligans " , and their role is to take part in disturbances as the stadiums .
the south pacific remained quiet during november with no tropical disturbances forming .
as with other α2 agonists , adverse effects include bradycardia , conduction disturbances , and myocardial depression .
since padilla was in a chapel , there were disturbances and in the middle of the night , the governor ordered him to be clubbed .
although he had been forced to send troops to birmingham to quell the disturbances , king george iii commented , " i can not but feel better pleased that priestley is the sufferer for the doctrines he and his party have instilled , and that the people see them in their true light . "
as an illness , neurosis represents a variety of mental disorders in which emotional distress or unconscious conflict is expressed through various physical , physiological , and mental disturbances , which may include physical symptoms ( e.g. , hysteria ) .
over 100 such acts were passed , some of the more notable of which were " an act for the more effectual suppression of local disturbances and dangerous associations in ireland " , " the protection of life and property in certain parts of ireland act " , and the " protection of person and property act 1881 " .
this period of civil war has become emblematic of the cyclic political disturbances in the history of the roman empire .
wind hazards include terrain - induced air disturbances called rotors ( it is advisable to stay upwind of trees , mountains , and other obstacles that disturb the flow of the wind ) .
following the disturbances , the abbey was still the largest religious city - state in switzerland , with over 77,000 inhabitants .
student enrollment reached 740 before the start of the civil disturbances in lebanon in 1975 .
owing to the role of the nmda receptor in long - term potentiation , this may be due to disturbances in memory formation .
these have included the musicals " a chorus line " , " rock of ages " , " godspell " , " avenue q " , " rent " , " in the heights " , " spring awakening " , " hair " , " grey gardens " , ' , " little shop of horrors " , and " sunday in the park with george " , and the plays " doubt " , " i am my own wife " , " bridge & tunnel " and " coastal disturbances " .
the disturbances spread to the town of velletri where the population attacked spanish troops on the road to naples .
disciplinary action shall be taken against team officials or his / her team for any misconduct or disturbances committed by the official or team during a tournament whether in or outside the court .
with the outbreak of civil war came serious urban rioting in syria and palestine ; phocas sent his general bonosus to quell the disturbances and reconquer egypt .
it also served well as a therapy model for groups of patients , or marital / family counselees , where interpersonal ( rather than intrapersonal ) disturbances were the focus of treatment .
they are currently being investigated as potential treatment for a range of conditions involving mental disability and disturbances such as alzheimer 's disease , parkinson 's disease , schizophrenia , treatment - resistant depression ( trd ) or neurological disorders as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , among others .
these sorts of disturbances are inevitable , due to the uneven distribution of matter throughout the universe .
perhaps the most important long range improvement in wyandanch following the publicity generated by the august 1967 disturbances and the heightened civil rights movement that followed in wyandanch was the opening of the wyandanch day care center , inc. building on a 100 ' x 300 ' site on commonwealth boulevard .
the disturbances of 983 practically annihilated it ; bishops continued to be named , but they were merely titular , until the downfall of the wends in the twelfth century and the german settlement of that region revived the bishopric .
oldham 's social history , like that of other former unenfranchised towns , is marked by politicised civil disturbances , as well as events related to the luddite , suffragette and other labour movements from the working classes .
he was subject to intense emotional disturbances and did not know how to control them except by giving them to eloquent expression in words .
the kingdom of poland proper , which had hitherto suffered but little either from the chmielnicki uprising or from the recurring invasion of the russians and ottomans , now became the scene of terrible disturbances ( 1655–1658 ) .
it is argued that some of the disturbances in 1967 were part of a coordinated effort by the leftists to destabilise sihanouk 's regime , though the official khmer rouge historiography given by pol pot later sought to deny this , stating its open rebellion only occurred in january 1968 and that the samlaut incident was " premature " .
" this statement of josephus is followed by the correspondence between onias and king areus of sparta , and by an account of the jewish disturbances due to feuds after the death of joseph , when the tobiads became involved in a civil war .
these cyclonic disturbances generally move eastward from over the mediterranean sea several times a month and result in sporadic precipitation .
by 1981 , dazt was no longer recognized by the 28th world scout conference , because of domestic disturbances that deprived afghanistan of the democratic environment necessary for scouting to continue .
in consequence of the disturbances of 1821 , borghesi retired to san marino , where he died in april 1860 .
these types are classified medically as dcs i. neurological symptoms are present in 10 to 15 percent of all dcs cases with headache and visual disturbances the most common .
for treatment of adults and children with biologically based mental illnesses ( “ bbmi ” ) and for treatment of children with serious emotional disturbances ( “ sed " ) , insurer must offer benefits comparable to other health care and medical services coverage .
drowsiness , headache , psychomotor impairment , and antimuscarinic effects such as urinary retention , dry mouth , blurred vision , and gastrointestinal disturbances are the most common side effects .
due to this small range , any disturbances to these areas pose a larger than normal threat to the species’ survival [ 2 ] .
other cable failures occurred when disturbances in the power grid of northern poland occurred while power was delivered from sweden to poland .
during the next three years he was sent to cuba , each year in command of the first regiment of marines , which was repeatedly sent to that troublesome island on account of serious domestic disturbances , which the united states was obligated to control under provisions of the platt amendment .
just as significantly , air trapped in surface disturbances forms bubbles , which sometimes last long enough to transfer gas molecules to the water .
in some cases transient neurological disturbances may occur , lasting minutes to hours .
showed boarded up houses on the estate as well as bbc library footage of the estate during the 1980s showing the aftermath of disturbances and burnt out cars .
it was due to his influence that in the anti - tithe disturbances in ulster in 1763 the government acted with conspicuous moderation , and that the movement was suppressed with very little bloodshed .
energetic ( radiation ) particle fluxes can increase and decrease dramatically as a consequence of geomagnetic storms , which are themselves triggered by magnetic field and plasma disturbances produced by the sun .
in handling demonstrations and violent disturbances , riot units are deployed en masse , military style .
disturbances in 1696 and 1697 led to the murders of a friar and some indian converts .
fly - by - light will be an important feature , decreasing electro - magnetic disturbances to the sensors compared to fly - by - wire .
the main meteorological factor for this series of tornado outbreaks was the presence of a persistent 500 mb trough over the western united states , coupled with a series of shortwave disturbances which propagated through the central and eastern united states .
the practice of operating these systems much closer to their maximum capacity leads to magnified effects of random , unavoidable disturbances due to aging , weather , human interaction etc .
pollution effects include disturbances such as effluent from harbors near nesting sites , as well as light pollution which may disorient hatchlings .
the results are deep , lasting changes in areas of both symptomatic and interpersonal disturbances .
anna o. was treated by breuer for severe cough , paralysis of the extremities on the right side of her body , and disturbances of vision , hearing , and speech , as well as hallucination and loss of consciousness .
a magnetometer onboard a u.s. navy navigation satellite launched in 1963 observed magnetic disturbances on nearly every pass over the high - latitude regions of the earth .
as his family had in their gift two chaplaincies , young cabrera was sent to the seminary of tortosa , where he made himself conspicuous as an unruly pupil , ever mixed up in disturbances and careless in his studies .
after the anahuac disturbances of june 1835 , mexican president antonio lópez de santa anna sent his brother - in - law , general martín perfecto de cos to quell the unrest in texas .
his seminal 1943 paper , " autistic disturbances of affective contact " , together with the work of hans asperger , forms the basis of the modern study of autism .
a relationship between individual aurora and accompanying geomagnetic disturbances was noticed by anders celsius and olof peter hiorter in 1747 .
religious disturbances and conflicts in india before 1947 .
the early years of the edo era were marked by a series of major " o - ie sōdō " disturbances that shook the tsugaru family : the of 1607 , of 1612 , the of 1634 , and the of 1647 .
their general idea is that many emotional disturbances in a human stem from a lack of experiencing unconditional love during his or her life .
when used narrowly , ‘ cyclic succession’ refers to processes not initiated by wholesale exogenous disturbances or long - term physical changes in the environment .
symptoms of high blood viscosity include spontaneous bleeding from mucous membranes , visual disturbances due to retinopathy , and neurologic symptoms ranging from headache and vertigo to seizures and coma .
those who cause disturbances of the peace will be severely punished .
since it is often difficult for the patient and their family members to accept the patient ’s diagnosis , psychoeducation also has the function of contributing to the destigmatization of psychological disturbances and to diminish barriers to treatment .
the event that precipitated the disturbances , the arrest of a black youth by the california highway patrol on drunk - driving charges , actually occurred outside watts .
she cruised in the caribbean , investigating disturbances in haiti , then returned to philadelphia on 1 october .
plagued by ill health , monnier was diagnosed in september 1954 with aural disturbances of the inner ear and she also suffered from delusions .
the disturbances of at the wailing wall in 1928 were repeated in 1929 , however the violence in the riots that followed , that left 116 palestinian arabs , 133 jews dead and 339 wounded , were surprising in their intensity and was the first instance that indigenous sephardi and mizrahi had been killed .
during the interval peter dwelt at constantinople , in retirement in the monastery of the acoimetae , allowed to reside there in return for a pledge that he would not create further disturbances ( theophanes p.104 ) .
also , more so than other tetracyclines , minocycline can cause the rare condition of secondary intracranial hypertension which has initial symptoms of headache , visual disturbances , dizziness , vomiting , and confusion .
however , economic forecasting is still largely based on more traditional empirical models , which are still widely believed to achieve greater accuracy in predicting the impact of economic disturbances over time .
