but he has as little chance of disturbing the sleeping god as the wasps nest to the right of his head .
such examples include : harsh lighting , especially on the face ; various disturbing images , such as a pig eating money and shots of a spider - like creature ; quick shifting between random images ; and handwritten notes , also used in pearl jam 's video for " jeremy " .
the results are as engaging as they are disturbing ... full of strange moves and unusual textures ” , " logo " felt it was “ thrillingly sinister ” , while " q magazine " praised its “
birdo ranked second on the most disturbing video game bosses list , commenting that the character resembles a toy that a mother would place in a child 's crib , yet would readily remove when she discovered her gender .
by a kind of miracle of sympathetic imagination , pearl abraham has been able to revivify what may be the most spiritually disturbing of all chasidic tales . "
at first passive and harmless , but later accompanied by crude , disturbing crayon drawings , the tapes lead to questions about georges ' early life that disrupt both his work and marriage .
together they decode their dark and disturbing dreams to save someone 's life , which may result in the ending , if not both , of their own .
a young fisherman named kastytis was disturbing the peace as he was catching a lot of fish .
in this way , the remaining discs are able to rotate and change their position without further disturbing the last disc .
his wife , zhang , was detained at the same time on charges of " disturbing social order , " and was later released on bail on july 2 , 2008 .
a number of even smaller scenes depicting satanic rituals , racist conversations , and some disturbing hygiene round out the film .
as later events tend to indicate that he and his descendants remained faithful christians , hasekura may have made an enthusiastic – and to a certain extent , disturbing – account of the greatness and might of western countries and the christian religion .
in 1780 , joseph damer , lord milton , the first earl of dorchester and owner of milton abbey , decided that the adjacent market town , middleton , was disturbing his vision of rural peace .
edgar allan poe presents opium in a more disturbing context in his 1838 short story " ligeia , " in which the narrator , deeply distraught for the loss of his beloved , takes solace in opium until he " had become a bounden slave in the trammels of opium , " unable to distinguish fantasy from reality after taking immoderate doses of opium .
the rear wing of a formula one car creates much of its downforce , but its effectiveness is reduced by the bodywork in front of it disturbing the flow of air .
the third and longest section , deals with antigua ’s present and begins with kincaid asking herself the disturbing question of whether , considering the state of the island today , things were n’t , in fact , better in the old days .
but men began to prosper and advance and the sea empire of nabban rose and fell without it disturbing the gardenborn .
after the fact she claimed she had disturbing dreams involving a lot of fire in the week preceding the attack .
since this memory can be considerable in size , a trick was developed to allow for new frames to be written to video memory without disturbing the frame that is currently being displayed .
the movie contains graphic rape scenes of a disturbing nature .
rami george khouri describes the short book as , " important but disturbing . "
robert fico , prime minister of slovakia declared earlier that they can not guarantee to keep slovak extremist groups from disturbing the ceremony .
houston first came on to the national scene in the late 1980s with the violent and disturbing stories told by the geto boys , with member scarface achieving major solo success in the mid-90s .
one aspect that gradually became disturbing from a civil rights point of view , was that relatives would use deception , or legal dealings or even kidnapping to get the recruit into deprogrammers ' hands , without allowing the person any recourse to a lawyer or psychiatrist of their own choosing .
dr. stephen adair was hired shortly after wjla - tv 's award winning investigative reporter , roberta baskin , uncovered disturbing treatment of children in clinics in the washington , dc area .
he was convicted of violating section 415 of the california penal code , which prohibits " maliciously and willfully disturbing the peace or quiet of any neighborhood or person [ by ] offensive conduct . "
the two are arrested for disturbing the peace and their lawyers show up .
it was the first installation by her to include moving pictures , a fully narrative score , and voiceover , and included the disturbing three - screen slide and video presentation " sisters , saints , & sybils " .
though he slowed down in the 90 's somewhat , he made a stunning return to form in 2005 with what is perhaps his finest effort , " the hamster cage " , a demented black comedy / psychodrama that is as funny as it is disturbing .
what is even more disturbing is that 10% of them declare themselves ' ready to die for use of doping ' , just to look like their sports idol . "
in may 2009 , neary described the ryan report as " sad and disturbing " and " apologise[d ] unreservedly , on behalf of the church , for our failure to protect children . "
in connection with this action , fha commissioner david stevens stated that " the evidence in this case points to a disturbing pattern of senior officials and underwriters , either not knowing what they were doing , or not caring . "
vrp has also co - produced some movies with paramount pictures , the most notable being " zoolander " and " down to earth " , and through a joint venture with hoyts , " three to tango " , and " music and lyrics " ( with warner bros. ) , as well as " a walk on the moon " ( through miramax films ) , " disturbing behavior " ( with metro - goldwyn - mayer ) , " saving silverman " ( through columbia pictures ) , " do n't say a word " ( through 20th century fox ) , " rogue " ( through dimension films ) and " bullet ( film ) " ( with new line cinema ) .
there are also more disturbing synth and amplified guitar pieces during scenes of creeping horror .
" the film is " dangerously seductive " because of how it offers through project mayhem " a possible vision of a collective response ... however disturbing such a response might be " .
after a disturbing display both during his weather broadcast , and again at home , ellie suggests they investigate dunbar 's home .
using this , he created " the alphabet " in 1968 , starring his then wife peggy lynch as ' the girl ' who chants the alphabet to a series of disturbing animated images before dying at the end .
she shoots him , which causes his face to become hideously disfigured , at first becoming a disturbing copy of nikki 's own face , but eventually morphing into something closely resembling a fetus .
" the " kirkus " review furthermore also praised the novel 's narrative as " crisp , precisely understated , [ and ] hauntingly elliptical " , approvingly drew comparisons between " point omega " and " albert camus ' scorching novella " the fall " , and that with this novel delillo has moved " ... a step beyond the disturbing symbolism of falling man " .
despite the judge demanding a guilty verdict , the jury this time unanimously found penn guilty of preaching but acquitted him on the charge of disturbing the peace and acquitted mead of all charges .
those who were considered to have been actively violent during the strike were tried and sentenced to 2–5 years ' imprisonment through correctional labour for disturbing the public order and offending good morals .
the first of the gene deitch shorts , " switchin ' kitten " , contains frequent disturbing , high - pitched , hypnotic music and sound effects , while one of the last deitch shorts , " buddies thicker than water " , contains martian - like and echoed sound effects , heavily synthesized music , and choppy , strange animation , most notably during the climactic scene where jerry disguises himself as a ghost to seek revenge on tom .
" written with gobsmacking psychological realism ... butler 's text is full of evasions , projections and concealed aggression ... this scorching drama is raw , raucous and disturbing , with a final stage picture of almost intolerable bleakness "
it makes the tragic outcome - the miscarriage of justice - even more disturbing .
a university librarian , poet , and complicated man , he has left behind a trail of unresolved issues , a dysfunctional family , and a disturbing mystery .
despite the fact that the southern extension has been held up for decades , it is being revisited due to the disturbing images of hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in the gulf states .
the album had features from lil fate , i-20 and others from the disturbing tha peace family .
artists from both disturbing tha peace and grand hustle were as surprised as anyone else .
pure spirit ( called " purusha " ) comes into proximity with " prakriti " ( psychophysical nature ) , disturbing its equilibrium .
well , there is a — i think it amounts to disturbing the peace
an editorial in the nelson mail called the dispute " a disturbing reminder of the past , when unions had the power to shut down an entire industry - and sometimes used it . "
he later pled no contest to a misdemeanor drunken driving charge and disturbing the peace .
disturbing content - indicates the expected natural reaction by an audience to any elements of a film , including the tone of a film , pertaining to distress or suffering .
this memory problem is only disturbing for speech ; non - verbal or non - linguistically based memory will be unimpaired .
this was followed by " the wise woman " , described as a dazzling , disturbing novel of dark powers and desires set against the rich tapestry of the reformation . "
widely regarded as one of the most disturbing and potentially dangerous worlds so far discovered , in this parallel giuseppe zangara succeeded in assassinating franklin delano roosevelt in 1933 .
gex made it through a disturbing cemetery , an odd cartoon land , an enormous jungle , an ancient chinese village , the mysterious planet x , and rezopolis , the capital of the media dimension .
2004 racism watch issued a press release calling on the campaign to pull the ad , calling it disturbing and offensive .
the book was based on research material posted on ellis ' websites , mostly odd news items and disturbing pictures from the web that the author had found or had been sent .
in september 2005 , congressman richard pombo helped rewrite the 1973 endangered species act , which " was widely denounced by environmentalists as a disturbing retreat from habitat protection and a paperwork nightmare for agencies seeking to revive the 1,268 threatened and endangered plants and animals in the country , 186 of which are in california . "
it was very disturbing .
for any hate speech to be punishable as " volksverhetzung " , the law requires that said speech be " qualified for disturbing public peace " either by inciting " hatred against parts of the populace " or calling for " acts of violence or despotism against them " , or by attacking " the human dignity of others by reviling , maliciously making contemptible or slandering parts of the populace " .
though they did not define " element of reality " , they did provide a sufficient characterization for it , namely a quantity whose value can be predicted with certainty before measuring it or disturbing it in any way .
andre de toth 's direction is good in that it keeps the story moving and , curiously enough , the constant switching via flashbacks from the plane to detailed visualizations of slattery 's recollections is not as disturbing as might be expected . "
in the meantime , constantius had been receiving some disturbing reports regarding the actions of his cousin , gallus .
novak subsequently followed the pathway blazed by david f. friedman and others to become a prolific producer of " roughies , " a disturbing pre - pornography sexploitation genre which featured noirish black and white cinematography and often substituted violence for the sex act .
euphemisms may be used to hide unpleasant or disturbing ideas , even when the literal term for them is not necessarily offensive .
each sound signals a message , which , if perceived as disturbing , can
although pbs ' local station managers believe that he is a popular speaker and successful in helping their stations raise money , some pbs viewers found the appearances disturbing in the sense " that pbs might be seen as lending its prestige to dyer 's spiritual views and aligning itself with his teachings " .
she can also compress air into a person 's ear to disrupt their middle ear 's equilibrium thereby disturbing their balance .
the boiler was very effective at evaporation ( there was already evidence of a combustion chamber at the front end of the firebox ) , however against that there were numerous teething troubles , e.g. the driving rod bearings were too small , which continually led to overheating , and the loosely coupled prussian box tender , which led to disturbing riding qualities when running tender - first .
kenney 's assistant , former american enterprise institute lobbyist alykhan velshi , responded that karygiannis ' complaint was " ridiculous " and suggested that it was " disturbing " for an mp to stand up for a group that , in velshi 's perspective , had made " anti - semitic " comments .
this argument involves assuming that for example : a bar must be shut down for it to not cause disturbing levels of noise after midnight .
its weakest part ( i.e. , the part most liable to yield from overpressure ) is the joint between the talus and navicular , but this portion is braced by the plantar calcaneonavicular ligament a.k.a spring ligament , which is elastic and is thus able to quickly restore the arch to its pristine condition when the disturbing force is removed .
using a series of interwoven stories , some hopeful , others disturbing , suskind explores whether the united states and the muslim world will ever be able to find mutual respect and understanding ...
this mexican horror film concerns about a group of college students , led by claudia ( alicia bonet ) who decide to investigate a local tower that has figured prominently in disturbing reoccurring dreams claudia has been having .
rusty nail seems to have uncovered their identities during the night , perhaps because their car was parked next door with the cb radio antenna on the back , although rusty nail also seems to know a disturbing amount of personal information about them and even their destination and about lewis ' love interest , venna .
many readers find the content of revelation to be difficult , disturbing and repugnant .
as the piercings were performed , they were broadcast full - screen in extreme close - up – which even sharky , haffner and the in - studio and at - home audience found to be very disturbing ( haffner , who was at the controls of the camera that was recording the piercings , actually had to turn away from the camera monitor , while still trying to keep the image of the piercings in the camera ’s field of view ) .
klimt had transformed traditional allegory and symbolism into a new language which was more overtly sexual , and hence more disturbing .
she had an accurate premonition of wilder taking command of the tanith first in gaunt 's absence , and has had disturbing dreams of gaunt 's impending death .
the god eater 's most disturbing trait is its ability to convert gods into energy and absorb them through orifices in the palms of its hands .
ocampo 's dark , often disturbing gothic paintings are attributed with transforming horror into exquisite beauty , history into art history , purgatory into salvation .
album : ludacris presents disturbing tha peace(gold )
the loss of a native language is often experienced as something profoundly moving , disturbing or shocking , both by those who experience it and by those who witness it in others : “
the film is rated pg-13 by the mpaa , m by the oflc and 15 by the bbfc for its content of mature thematic material , disturbing images / terror / violence , and some sensuality .
the score is " more disturbing in places " than the original , and " williams fashion some new and hugely memorable out to sea adventure music . "
they pointed out to him that aurangzeb ’s attempt to annex the rajput states was disturbing the stability of india .
in most parts of sri lanka , civets are considered a nuisance since they litter in ceilings and attics of common households , and make loud noises fighting and moving about at night , disturbing the sleep of the householders .
they are usually used for privacy and to avoid disturbing bystanders during practice sessions .
he is best known for his 1986 documentary " heavy metal parking lot , " co - produced by john heyn , a gently disturbing ( but , for the most part , fun - loving ) look into hard - rock fandom recorded at the capital centre parking lot in landover , maryland , before a judas priest concert .
even when it looks like standard mass - produced pop lit , it actually is nudging us toward something more disturbing and hilarious than we ’re comfortable imagining .
the wilsons ' video moves through the deserted institution , where nothing is now happening , evoking disturbing memories and possibilities .
this was because a train runs near the detector whose electromagnetic fields were disturbing the experiment .
the film also deals briefly with the prisoners ' conditions , and shows disturbing footage of prisoners and dead victims in the camps .
here the monks could talk without disturbing the silence in the cloister , which cistercian rules insisted on .
if one has a ticket for a specific seat ( see below ) one is formally assured of that , but it is still inconvenient and disturbing to find and claim it during the commercials and trailers , unless it is near an aisle .
even if it ’s a remake some of the rape scenes are very explicit and disturbing .
the tunnel was required because the canal had to pass underneath the route of the antonine wall without disturbing its archaeological remains .
watching for the first time , it 's near impossible to take your eyes off the screen , even if , upon reflection , the number of half - naked men and face time they 're afforded proves slightly disproportionate ... and disturbing .
toke talagi , the chair of the pacific islands forum and premier of niue , described the suspension as " also particularly timely given the recent disturbing deterioration of the political , legal and human rights situation in fiji since april 10 , 2009 " .
there are also disturbing intimations of an incestuous relationship between the central character ettie and her father richard but , due to the moral climate and censorship restrictions of the 1950s , arden could not explore this theme openly .
the rash of injuries , meanwhile , revealed a disturbing lack of depth on the team , especially in the quarterback position and defensive line .
in july 2005 the iranian student news agency covered the execution of mahmoud asgari and ayaz marhoni in mashhad , which drew international attention when disturbing photos of the hanging were widely distributed around the internet .
one of her best - known recurring characters was debbie downer , a depressed woman who creeped others out with disturbing non sequiturs .
" the new yorker " , under the direction of editor david remnick , posted a report on its website by hersh , along with a number of graphic and disturbing images of the torture taken by u.s. military prison guards with digital cameras .
are we disturbing you ? ' asked the bellboy . '
the monk by the sea looked disturbing to many viewers .
coupled with the u.s. government ’s development assistance embargo from 2000–2004 , the projects suggest a disturbing pattern . "
white , j. , joined by brennan , j. , concurring , joined in the opinion of the court , but expressed the view that the district court 's opinion should have been viewed as having the operative effect of a declaratory judgment invalidating the texas disturbing - the - peace statute , so that the state was entitled to have that phase of the case reviewed by the united states court of appeals .
as suguru is either dying or badly injured , mahoro reappears alive ( which he greets with wry skepticism ) , asking to take him back to hiryu " where everyone is waiting . " the only explanation for mahoro 's reappearance is oblique : matthew comments that she will leave behind on earth a " memory of springtime " that has been disturbing her and will not be needed as saint sets off to resume wandering the galaxy .
many systems have regulations against behavior deemed to be unruly or otherwise disturbing to other passengers .
this will be disturbing for those who analyze poetry by reference to biography ; it would pose a problem for vendler 's interpretation .
handlen marked the episode down for its poor female characters and repeated use of a " god - child " , but praised more " disturbing " elements of the episode such as charlie 's pranks and his eventual fate .
hisako becomes distressed at seeing the corpse of her friend , which the danger room suddenly animates to life , using wing 's body as a way to speak to the students and taunt them and kitty while it runs dangerous and disturbing simulations against them .
rob dawson , writing in " gay times " ( august 2006 ) commented that , " the characters are a little too stereotypical at times " , while nicholas clee in " the guardian " ( january 6 , 2007 ) described it as " a funny ( and ) disturbing view of a disaffected age " .
in recent decades , overfishing has left many fisheries unproductive , disturbing marine food chain dynamics and costing jobs in the fishing industry .
for example , during full acceleration the steering may pull to one side , which may be disturbing to the driver .
although the featured content of the album was viewed by some as powerful , offensive , and disturbing other listeners found the material clichéd and redundant .
in march 2009 , johnson pleaded guilty to two counts of disturbing the peace , regarding the two incidents in 2008 , and was sentenced to two years probation .
even more disturbing was the fact that her emotional state was affecting her powers , and when she became angry or upset , her power levels surged to the point where her containment suit was almost unable to handle all of the energy .
the films ' subject matter was often as disturbing as the manner in which they were played ; with images of accidents , nuclear explosions , meat processing , spiders & scorpions stalking prey , gory drivers education films , and penis reconstruction surgery .
allen yuan , who is himself from a pentecostal background , has said that they are ‘ black sheep disturbing the church’. moses xie has written an article in which he describes how the ‘
punishment for murder is usually harsher than punishment meted out to acts of disturbing the " assahiya " ( tribal solidarity ) .
peckinpah was forced to do a 180-degree turn and traveled to england to direct " straw dogs " ( 1971 ) , one of his darkest and most psychologically disturbing films .
some of these were an undergarment studded with a hundred and fifty brass nails , sharpened and so fixed as to pierce his skin , gloves with sharp tacks in order to discourage him from disturbing the noxious insects with which his body teemed ; a very uncomfortable door to sleep on and a cross with thirty protruding needles and nails just under his body .
this may also include animated content , if it features realistic depictions of extreme violence or other extremely disturbing or repulsive imagery .
however , recent surveys have revealed a disturbing decline of nearly all mammal species throughout kakadu , including once common and widespread species such as northern quolls .
these results were disturbing to some financial economists and further debate and research then followed .
the game was given a 18 + rating from cero , because of highly disturbing violence and nudity .
it has been stated by both billy gould and mike bordin that it is n't based on any vegetarian sentiments but rather a reflection of the music and its balance of being " really aggressive and disturbing and then really soothing " , the " beautiful with the sick " .
like many parks in central california , pinnacles has had a small problem with wild pigs ( a mix of feral domestic pigs and imported wild boars ) disturbing the landscape on a regular basis .
in her volume “ life at war ” , denise levertov attempts to use imagery to express the disturbing violence of the vietnam war .
willy fautré , a member of human rights without frontiers , noticed that the itn was presented in the media as " a disturbing tentacular organisation " and the pastor as a " guru " in the media .
his friend and leader of the revolt , kyo gisors , considers him the opposite of himself , and so slightly disturbing once he knew him to be not as innocent as his looks suggested .
the shadows , an ancient and extremely powerful race who have recently emerged from hibernation , are revealed to be the cause of a variety of mysterious and disturbing events , including the attack on the narn outpost at the end of 2258 .
subsequently , when forces under the agrarian rebel yuan chao ( 袁晁 ) were disturbing the region , zhang led his own forces at shangrao ( 上饒 , in modern shangrao , jiangxi ) and defeated yuan 's forces , killing several thousand .
alarmed at the disturbing number of nurses leaving the profession within their first few years in practice , cherokee uniforms provided a grant to emmy award and peabody award - winning director david hoffman to create a film for nurses and nursing students that would encourage , inspire and instruct .
then , in september 1974 , liebermann receives a disturbing phone call from a young man who claims he has just finished eavesdropping on the so - called " angel of death , " dr. josef mengele , the concentration camp medical doctor who performed horrible experiments on camp victims during world war ii .
in july 2007 , she was charged with " participation in an illegal gathering " , " propaganda against the system , " and " disturbing the public order " .
by the year 2000 , there was widespread concern amongst survivor associations ( such as those of force z ) , and amongst the majority of divers , about the behaviour of a minority of scuba divers who were disturbing wrecks which most thought should be treated with respect .
with gemma bissix taking over the role , a disturbing side of the character is revealed in april 2006 when max takes his brother tom on holiday .
roger ebert from " chicago sun - times " wrote , " ... a perplexing and disturbing film of great effect , showing how comfortable lives are disrupted by the simple fact that someone is watching . "
lil scrappy left bme recordings and signed with ludacris 's label disturbing tha peace .
while porky is grumbling about his treatment , he runs into a large wall - size wanted poster of ali mode and is frightened by the disturbing image .
the film is a complex and disturbing love story that involves possession and ghosts .
they stated that " one of the most disturbing elements suggests an effort to avoid sharing scientific data with critics skeptical of global warming " , and mentioned ethical problems with this action due to the fact that " free access to data is important so others can repeat experiments as part of the scientific method " .
according to literature from the canadian branch , " by creating this effect , canada will radiate a peaceful influence to all nations , naturally disallowing the birth of an enemy ... the result is an invincible armour for the nation , which automatically prevents incoherent influences from disturbing the country 's internal peace and harmony . "
there has been a history , let 's face it , in poland of a right - wing catholicism which has been deeply disturbing for those of us who know a little history , and remember which side of the border auschwitz was on and know the stories , and know much of the anti - semitic , and homophobic and nationalistic elements in countries like poland .
when asked how she found life in the new school among so many boys , che zaidah replied that she did not experience any discrimination from the boys nor was there any attempt by any of the boys at disturbing the girls .
nearly as disturbing was the prospect that both both manuel and afonso would fail to produce an heir .
the fairy village allows children to use their imagination to build homes for the wee folk of the forest without disturbing the environment .
for his part , mugabe was quoted in " the herald " on september 25 as saying that mbeki 's removal as president of south africa was " devastating " and " very disturbing " , while also stating that it was " the action of the south african people " and that as a zimbabwean he was in no position to judge .
the film was less successful than singer 's previous film " the usual suspects " , with critics describing it as " a somewhat disturbing movie that works as a suspenseful thriller , yet is n't completely satisfying " .
the main characters travel to france , where they encounter disturbing residues of nazism still at large in the french countryside .
" partner " is especially noted for its dark , mature , and almost disturbing tone , which is very rare in a ribon series .
when rama is 16 years old , the sage vishwamitra comes to the court of dasharatha in search of help against demons , who were disturbing sacrificial rites .
however , as races from the alpha quadrant begin to colonize planets in the gamma quadrant and make their presence known to gamma quadrant species , disturbing reports about the dominion begin to emerge .
the unusual and surreal film was made on a low budget , and rather than the often disturbing gothic horror of his previous films , " the end of man " conveys a sense of social black humor and tongue in cheek style seen in other brazilian " mouth of garbage cinema " ( boca do lixo ) of the late 1960s and early 1970s .
preventing this current from disturbing surrounding tissues requires a grounding esu pad and irrigation by a nonconducting fluid .
during this period , richard began to receive disturbing news of the activities of his brother john and philip augustus .
in 1954 , " senso " was memorably adapted for the screen by italian director luchino visconti and then , later , in 2002 into a more sexually disturbing adaptation by tinto brass .
in an interview , marc - antoine audette and sébastien trudel said that they found it " pretty disturbing to see that idiots like us can go through to a vice - presidential candidate " , and claimed that they were just " two stupid comedians with a bad french accent . "
on may 24 , 1961 , during the american civil rights movement , a large group of freedom riders was arrested in jackson for " disturbing the peace " after they disembarked from their bus .
in 2007 , kid rad started working on his debut album , disturbing the sequence .
some fans complained that the manami ending was too disturbing and nightmarish .
" the guardian 's " reviewer found " yellow dog a disturbing book , but its opening pages create a mood of excited reassurance : martin amis at his best , in all his shifting registers , his drolleries and ferocities , his unsparing comic drive , his aesthetic dawdlings and beguilements , his wry , confident relish of his own astonishing effects [ ... ] everything amis writes is highly structured , but yellow dog gives signs of quite bristling organisation , in its three parts and its subdivided and subheaded chapters .
it is characterized by its black fur , pungent odour when stressed , extremely loud and disturbing screech , and ferocity when feeding .
she recounts a more disturbing dream she has had of gusmano ( " da gusman sul fragil barca " / " i was fleeing from gusman in a frail boat " ) but , although he is dead , she still believes that zamoro loves her : " nell'astro che più fulgido " / " on the star that gleams most brightly ... there lives zamoro " .
for this reason he , his daemons and followers usually demonstrate a disturbing joy at the pestilence that he inflicts , seeing the plagues as gifts and the cries of their victims as gratitude rather than agony .
all the girls are of course shocked and upset to make this horrible discovery ; it upsets ji - oh so much that she feels the need to paint a portrait of mrs park ’s death , to try to get the disturbing image out of her head cathartically through her art .
hearing , which decides whether a noise is felt as disturbing or
nolan designed two - face 's appearance in the film as one of the least disturbing , explaining , " when we looked at less extreme versions of it , they were too real and more horrifying .
for such cases , harris endorses drug treatments , or electro - convulsive therapy , as a way to temporarily disrupt the disturbing ego states , allowing the “ recommissioning ” of the adult ego state by therapy .
the prototype also displayed several disturbing behaviors as its stall speed was approached .
this in itself created a new problem , disturbing the natural northward drift of sand up the bay , with a buildup on the southern side and reduction of sand on the northern .
the altocumulus approach can sometimes be disturbing , for the cloud has a dark and somewhat frightening appearance .
known for his comic - like drawings with disturbing , ironic or ambiguous captions , pettibon 's subject matter is sometimes violent and anti - authoritarian .
critics have pointed out a disturbing correlation between ferengi attributes ( love of profit that overrides communal decency ; the large , sexualized head feature , in this case ears ) and negative jewish stereotypes . "
false containment : harrison peel travels from australia to thailand , to los angeles and then into the deserts of nevada , spurred on by a strange encounter with himself from the future with disturbing news of a wormhole leading to a monstrous god called the many - thing that devours worlds .
although explosions can be heard , and seen with binoculars , they are sufficiently far away to avoid disturbing the colonies of sea birds .
a master of narrative tension , stephens gerard malone saves one last twist for the end — the “ miracle ” of redemption — driving home his evocative tale of jealousy and its disturbing consequences .
one of the salient features of this novel is that all the characters experience a dramatic and disturbing event during the night when they receive a call from god .
jenny come to play " is a bizarre reconciliation of opposites in the story of sisters joined by more than simply flesh ; " light from the deep pavilion " is another disturbing tale about ritualistic murder and psychic detection ; and " blackwater days " draws the threads of the book together , an unforgettable tale of dioramas , catatonic withdrawal , mystery and madness .
in the march 5th southtown star article , reporter amy lee interviewed water quality expert david de john who said " it 's flat - out disturbing because , as they note in the report , they have not seen all these cases come to reality , we have not seen the end of these illnesses . "
it was the mixture of monstrous strangeness and unwelcome likeness that made gemmy fairley so disturbing to them , since at any moment he could show either one face or the other ; as if he were always standing there at one of those meetings , but in his case willingly and the encounter was an embrace."(p.43 )
the apprentice tries to do it carefully , but homer starts yelling impatiently , and disturbing the apprentice and forcing him to serve it .
masha is also plagued by disturbing visions in the production .
although the wind may stop suddenly ( sudden enlightenment ) , the disturbing waves subside only gradually ( gradual cultivation ) until all motion ceases and the water once again reflects its intrinsic nature ( buddhahood ) .
the case inspired a number of disturbing questions about the fairness of the canadian justice system , especially given that marshall was an aboriginal ; as the canadian broadcasting corporation put it , " the name donald marshall is almost synonymous with ' wrongful conviction ' and the fight for native justice in canada . "
he is the author of " the genius factory : the curious history of the nobel prize sperm bank " ( 2005 ) and " good book : the bizarre , hilarious , disturbing , marvelous , and inspiring things i learned when i read every single word of the bible " ( 2009 ) , based on his " blogging the bible " series from slate.com .
however , he has a habit of treating his patients in bizarre and often disturbing ways , such as prescribing a young girl heroin , making a man with a headache jump up and down in order to make his penis swing ( while mirroring the patient 's bewildered jumping himself ) , blinding himself with an intense light in order to avoid awkward questions and insisting on examining a patient by telephone , even though he is in the same room .
maharis had previously been arrested on december 15 , 1967 , by a vice officer who said the actor had made a pass at him in the men 's room of a hollywood restaurant ; that charge had been dropped when maharis pleaded guilty to one count of disturbing the peace and paid a $ 50 fine .
the novel was originally supposed to be palahniuk 's first novel to be published , but it was rejected by the publisher for being too disturbing .
however , vera tells john that the sleepy town of collingswood has a disturbing past .
under the circumstances , the committee 's eagerness to dismiss any evidence that might contradict the government 's version of events is deeply disturbing .
rather , it sends a wave of disruption back through superhero history ... devalue[ing ] one of the basic superhero conventions by placing his masked crime fighters in a realistic world ... " first and foremost , " moore 's exploration of the [ often sexual ] motives for costumed crimefighting sheds a disturbing light on past superhero stories , and forces the reader to reevaluate - to revision - every superhero in terms of moore 's " kenosis " - his emptying out of the tradition . "
extreme paranoia sets in as people around the army base begin to exhibit very unusual and disturbing behaviour , and people begin to mistrust friends and even family members , suspecting they are not who they really are .
in this way , it was said , the girls would be able to practise in school without disturbing one another !
in mechanical clocks , the low q of the balance wheel or pendulum oscillator made them very sensitive to the disturbing effect of the impulses of the escapement , so the escapement had a great effect on the accuracy of the clock , and many escapement designs were tried .
through the experiences of marlowe , the king and other characters , the novel offers a vivid , often disturbing portrayal of men brought to the edge of survival by a brutal environment .
for instance , when measuring the position of an electron , one imagines shining a light on it , thus disturbing the electron and producing the quantum mechanical uncertainties in its position .
this was very disturbing to the fantastic four , but after an initial period of conflict , the invisible woman accepted valeria into the ff 's home , and she aided them on several missions .
uncovered were the disturbing reports of cattle mutilations increasing at an alarming rate .
ryan veitch : believed lost after the events of " the age of misrule " , ryan has a new and disturbing role to play in our newly - altered world .
many of their songs were disturbing narratives of small - town life gone awry , and later had a jaded , left wing political perspective .
this was the single wicket " fives " game at the artillery ground when a hambledon five defeated a kent five by one wicket , the not out batsman being john small who was beaten three times by lumpy stevens , only for the ball to go through the two - stump wicket without disturbing the bail .
the husband has a snake phobia which is n't helped by the wife disturbing a nest of rattlesnakes .
the increasing moravian influence and success in defending their burgeoning following became disturbing to the region 's white colonists .
roland topor wrote the novel " the tenant " ( " le locataire chimérique " , 1964 ) , which was adapted to film by roman polanski in 1976 . " the tenant " is the story of a parisian of polish descent , a chilling exploration of alienation and identity , asking disturbing questions about how we define ourselves .
under the 1941 printing and advertisement act , the royal thai police special branch has the authority to issue warnings to publications for various violations such as disturbing the peace , interfering with public safety , or offending public morals .
some of the princes of these states were persian client kings ; a disturbing fact in light of increasing tensions with that kingdom .
the internecine struggles between the two camps was , however , disturbing to the comintern , which sent a representative to oversee the party 's 1925 convention .
( see the chapter " pilgrims , saints and spacemen " in freeman dyson 's " disturbing the universe " for an analysis . )
disturbing .
these hallucinations are not necessarily disturbing .
the dissolver fines are often removed to prevent them disturbing the solvent extraction process through the stabilisation of the third phase .
eric wakes up recalling a disturbing dream followed by frantically picking up random women from the streets and taking them back to his studio for sex .
the programme highlighted serious failings in the standards of care and procedures and showed scenes that were described by the chief executive of the brighton and sussex university hospitals trust , which is responsible for the hospital , as " very disturbing images " .
it has some relatively disturbing scenes in it ( e.g. amputations ) , therefore the u.s. army is officially warning that military personnel watching it could experience symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) .
the movie then explains that he disappeared in the process of making his greatest and most disturbing film yet , " the curse " , and the aforementioned movie begins to play .
one advantage of a rogowski coil over other types of current transformers is that it can be made open - ended and flexible , allowing it to be wrapped around a live conductor without disturbing it .
crowley 's published expressions of antisemitism were disturbing enough to later editors of his works that one of them , israel regardie , who had also been a student of crowley , attempted to suppress them .
an exploration of the varied experiences of black women and families investigates the disturbing statistics of single parenthood , racial disparities between students and the devastating toll of stds / hiv / aids .
writer - director harmony korine attempts to show the world through julien ’s eyes : a schizophrenic kaleidoscope of images — some hauntingly beautiful , some disturbing and violent .
he says that the way finnish politicians avoid expressing their opinion is disturbing .
in addition the procedure is carried out without disturbing the position of the internal organs , thus allowing the detection of abnormalities normally not seen during conventional laparoscopy .
the poem ends with a mysterious and disturbing vision of the artist 's contact with the " other world " ( " there stands some strange chimera upon me " ) and consoling reflections about life and death , good and evil while sitting in the garden at evening .
all methods are based on comparison of forces ( moments or stresses ) resisting instability of the mass and those that causing instability ( disturbing forces ) .
thus much of its content is deeply personal , such as his first meetings with his brother and parents and a disturbing incident at auburn university where he realized the distance between his experience and that of those who had not been in the war .
, the fulfillment of an uncompleted graphic novel serialized in " taboo " , is about a man whose life is altered by a chance encounter with an erotic and disturbing film of mysterious origin .
in such cases it can build unnoticed along with the underlying anxiety attached to these disturbing thoughts , and be recognized only in the aftermath of a realization of crisis , often a panic attack , subsequently seeming difficult or impossible to ignore .
designed by sir arthur blomfield and constructed between 1881 and 1885 , the large flint - walled building has an unusual layout of bays in the north and south aisles of its nave ; nikolaus pevsner described this as " curious " and a " disturbing motif " .
the clips posted to the site are edited for " time , security reasons , and/or overly disturbing or offensive images . "
mgocsm helps students to review the sunday school topics , discuss the disturbing thoughts , and doubts they carry , enlighten through seminars and conferences etc .
although the website has won praise from some , it has also been criticized , for example , by time magazine , who accuse it of focusing too heavily on a hipster aesthetic that is exploitative of the actual children , commenting that " being a unique , creative individual through your kids that 's disturbing . "
police chased those seen throwing these objects at marchers up to several hundred yards down the sidewalk , eventually arresting and charging 8 protesters for disturbing the peace .
sage and bishop relate all that they know to the x - men , and they are left with the disturbing knowledge that someone else was in the cabin when sage was first investigating and knocked unconscious .
maintaining a distance without disturbing the bears is the safest strategy for both humans and bears .
the following year , it launched another subsidiary , " def jam south " , which focused on southern rap and distributed releases from labels such as disturbing tha peace , whose artists have included ludacris , chingy , and bobby valentino .
according to gilliam , they used him as a guide " while mixing our palette of deeply disturbing fluorescent colors . "
“ they cope with the light in various ways and natures . w1 screams at the light : ‘ get off me’ and she wonders what she must do to satisfy the disturbing and tormenting light .
in january 2009 , the singapore foreign ministry said of the gaza war , " this is an extremely disturbing development , " that " it can only exacerbate the already grave humanitarian situation . "
in recent years , however , some facts have emerged about the disturbing history of the colony .
this mucus envelope may also act as an early warning system , allowing the parrotfish to flee when it detects predators such as moray eels disturbing the protective membrane .
a lonely boy grows up just outside brighton in a caravan park with his over - sexual mother and the tenant mr broadhurst who takes the boy on a disturbing and often violent journey .
the queensland premier , anna bligh , described andrews ' criticism of sudanese as " disturbing " .
their parents found this disturbing and worried their relationship was sexual .
their claims are supported by very disturbing radio broadcasts and recordings made by kurtz himself .
it was originally named redforde because the river water was tinged red due to the red clay river bed and frequent crossing of people and livestock disturbing the clay river bed .
she cites the experience as so disturbing that security was forced to walk her from the observation deck down to the ground floor lobby1,2 .
they contain broadcast and monitoring equipment , through which all the operations are monitored by the transmission engineer , with out disturbing the studio recordings .
other began with cast 's disturbing acting and well script .
the remaining tracks feature moments of personal introspection at the positive and negative aspects of his life , while he quietly stalks around important locations of his past life ( such as his girlfriend 's home ) without disturbing anyone .
frank begins suffering disorienting , disturbing hallucinations of his mother 's corpse rising up from its grave and of his mother beckoning to him from her bed .
