tropical disturbance 03f.
the system was assigned the name zita by rsmc nadi and commented in their tropical disturbance summary that the cyclone had undergone explosive development .
digi - arts , unesco knowledge portal , the electronic disturbance theater , http://digitalarts.lcc.gatech.edu/unesco/internet/artists/int_a_edtheater.html , retrieved 19 - 2 - 10
the cause of the riots is generally attributed to the food , not generally but just on specific days when it was suspected it had been tampered with prior to the disturbance .
her most recent collection was " varieties of disturbance " , published by farrar , straus and giroux in 2007 . "
dōsetsu had planned to marry muneshige to ginchiyo immediately but his passing caused a disturbance in the affair .
around 0900 utc on january 31 , the fms upgraded the disturbance to a tropical depression .
during his brief reign ( 323 - 325 ) , he led the weakened jin out of domination by the warlord wang dun , but at his early death , the empire was left to his young son emperor cheng , and the fragile balance of power that he created was soon broken , leading to the su jun disturbance and weakening the jin state even further .
citing case studies of young male masturbators amongst his patients in lausanne , switzerland as basis for his reasoning , tissot argued that semen was an " essential oil " and " stimulus " that , when lost from the body in great amounts , would cause " a perceptible reduction of strength , of memory and even of reason ; blurred vision , all the nervous disorders , all types of gout and rheumatism , weakening of the organs of generation , blood in the urine , disturbance of the appetite , headaches and a great number of other disorders . "
these events likely caused disturbance of the stratigraphy .
kramer loses his betting winnings after elaine drops by the club looking for the model and informs him that jerry caused a disturbance on the flight from ithaca ( kramer 's big final bet ) , delaying the flight by an hour .
however , during summer in the absence of weather disturbance , wind blows from north to south or east to west .
the disturbance is evident when the president meets with his psychologist , dr stanley keyworth who urges him to explain what is on his mind but the president , though tempted to unburden himself , declares that there are things that he really can not tell because even therapists have to report conspiracies to commit a crime .
the disturbance myles would later start in montana shared many elements with the battle of alcatraz .
the decision to make newly - acquired california a free state , as well as the other provisions after the war that opposed slavery , caused this disturbance .
since then there have been few serious erosion problems and disturbance has been greatly reduced .
less obvious factors are the object 's capacity for " internal friction " and " entropy production " which both enhance an object 's ability to resist plastic deformation and respond to a mechanical disturbance via reversible elastic deformation .
though in terms of entries no . 1 and 2 of list ii ' state list ' in the seventh schedule to the constitution of india , ' public order ' and ' police ' are the responsibilities of states , article 355 of the constitution enjoins the union to protect every state against external aggression and internal disturbance and to ensure that the government of every state is carried on in accordance with the provisions of the constitution .
even with the use of peelable hinges and care taken to minimize the moisture used , the hinge will leave a visible disturbance in the gum of an unused stamp .
lisa began interacting with the disturbance to its east that afternoon and continued to weaken .
other potential causes for the species ' decline include the disturbance of riverine sand bars , the construction of dams which flood the area upstream and alter the downstream hydrology , deforestation , and increasing conversion of its habitat to agriculture .
a tropical disturbance first noted east of the philippines , the system moved through the archipelago as a tropical depression before strengthening briefly to a typhoon in the south china sea .
at - rest stress is the lateral stress in the ground before any disturbance takes place .
in an unknown land an eerie disturbance disrupts the sky , leading a dark mass to the land .
mass psychogenic illness ( mpi ) , also called mass sociogenic illness , is “ the rapid spread of illness signs and symptoms affecting members of a cohesive group , originating from a nervous system disturbance involving excitation , loss or alteration of function , whereby physical complaints that are exhibited unconsciously have no corresponding organic aetiology . ”
the orr – sommerfeld equation , in fluid dynamics , is an eigenvalue equation describing the linear two - dimensional modes of disturbance to a viscous parallel flow .
early on may 3 , 1990 , the joint typhoon warning center reported that a tropical disturbance had formed in the bay of bengal about 800 km ( 500 mi ) to the east of sri lanka .
in the case of the accusations against imidacloprid , the issue is not the direct death of the bees , but behavioral changes such as disorientation , feeding problems , and communication disturbance .
xinna was taken into custody and investigated for " inciting students to cause a disturbance " .
the 2006–07 south pacific cyclone season got off to an early start with a tropical disturbance developing into cyclone xavier , late on october 21 .
he was subsequently cast in the thriller " domestic disturbance " , playing the son of john travolta 's character ; the film was released in november 2001 and performed fairly at the box office , grossing $ 45 million .
tropical storm darby , the fifth tropical cyclone of the season , formed as a tropical disturbance on july 2 .
disturbance .
late on january 24 , the regional specialized meteorological centre in nadi , fiji , reported that a weak tropical disturbance had formed within a monsoon trough , to the north of the fijian dependency of rotuma .
doraine and ellis often joked that " bugs rather than bombs " were their chief disturbance on tour . " at one jungle training camp in a malarial control zone , we were supposed to give an afternoon show , but travel was so bad that we did n't arrive until after sundown .
calmness is the mental state of being free from agitation , excitement , or disturbance .
late on january 6 , rsmc nadi designated an area of low pressure near the international dateline as a tropical disturbance .
public disturbance was a punk band from the central new jersey shore area of the united states that formed circa 1979 .
taxation and economics was also at the root of that disturbance .
disturbance barks tend to be harsh , low frequency , and unmodulated , whereas isolation and play barks tend to be tonal , higher frequency , and modulated .
following this disturbance , on 7 october the governor instructed coronaro to order the sultan to surrender ; to intimidate the people he ordered the seizure of all merchant boats in the alula area .
early on november 1 , tropical disturbance 03f formed to the northeast of fiji .
a disturbance torque , formula_18 , is experienced by arm 2 , where a counter - clockwise direction ( when viewed from the front ) is positive .
there is only one recorded instance of civil disturbance during the entire period of chola reign .
tracking in a gradual northwest to northeast curve , the disturbance gradually intensified and was classified as a tropical depression while located 790 km ( 490 mi ) east - northeast of iwo jima on july 25 .
if a tropical disturbance reaches moderate tropical storm status west of 55°e , then the sub - regional tropical cyclone advisory centre in madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm .
bat population in caves and grottos also face disturbance by human activities .
the disturbance was upgraded into a tropical depression on september 12 .
a disturbance organized , and based on satellite imagery it strengthened into a tropical depression on september 12 .
at 0600 utc on the 18th , the réunion météo - france office ( mfr ) initiated advisories on tropical disturbance 07 , noting its intensification as it drifted southwestward .
on july 19 , this disturbance was 700 miles ( 1125 km ) to the southeast of the developing tropical storm daniel .
civil disturbance unit .
on january 24 , 1932 , there was a major disturbance at the prison .
it will tolerate more habitat disturbance than its congener , regularly occurring in plantations , bamboo stands and open habitat where populations are healthy , though it still prefers natural vegetation .
disturbance of only visual motion is possible due to the anatomical separation of visual motion processing from other functions .
the heaviest rainfall noted over the past 30 years was from the precursor disturbance to tropical storm isabel ( 1985 ) , when 804 mm/31.67 inches fell at toro negro forest .
the following day , deep convection began to develop around the disturbance 's low - level circulation , prompting the jtwc to begin monitoring it for possible cyclonic development .
depression , alcohol abuse , anorexia , and emotional disturbance can all afflict adolescents as a result .
although they had beforehand shown a measure of solidarity with tzara , péret and his fellow writer éluard are reported to have helped breton caused more disturbance , breaking several lamps before the préfecture de police forces could intervene .
a tropical disturbance strengthened into tropical depression four on august 24 , near cape verde , with winds on 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) .
the higher sophia still remains within the upper world after creating a disturbance , and after her expiation and repentance ; but her premature offspring , " sophia achamoth " , is removed from the pleroma , and becomes the heroine of the rest of the drama .
at first the system was disorganized , but convection quickly concentrated near the center , and on may 25 the disturbance developed into tropical depression 1-e while located about south - southwest of acapulco , mexico .
a tropical wave was detected on april 17 , 1998 near the cook islands , the disturbance then strengthened into a tropical depression south east of manihiki atoll on the 19th .
the first was officer ed williams , killed on a disturbance call on may 25 , 1934 .
in the southeast , soils have a medium risk of erosion , and soils around powell butte and the boring lava domes have " an extremely high erodibility factor and are sensitive to ground disturbance " .
although various media reports dispute the actual time of the disturbance , it is presumed to be near the beginning to an hour into r. kelly 's set .
tropical depression one - c formed on july 26 from a disturbance that had been showing signs of development for three days .
when assistant city marshal was killed while investigating a disturbance at a local brothel on july 11 , 1883 , frank manning was appointed to replace him .
gait disturbance and consciousness were recovered with cessation of dca , however sensory nerve action potentials did not recover in one month .
a disturbance to the northeast of koror in the philippine sea developed as it moved to the west on november 6 , becoming tropical depression 29w. the depression moved rapidly to the west under the influence of the subtropical ridge to the north , crossing samar early on november 8 .
superman quells the disturbance and the encantadora is apaprently left powerless .
cavers should take care to avoid causing disturbance .
later that day , jtwc assessed the disturbance 's potential for the development of a significant tropical cyclone within next 24 hours as " poor " .
adjustment disorder with depressed mood is a mood disturbance appearing as a psychological response to an identifiable event or stressor , in which the resulting emotional or behavioral symptoms are significant but do not meet the criteria for a major depressive episode .
the ns2000 is a 12-gauge pump - action shotgun weighing in at just over 3 kg , designed primarily for security and civil disturbance situations .
apatheia ( ) in stoic philosophy refers to a state of mind where one is free from emotional disturbance .
even navigation is at times regulated , sometimes so strictly to ban it all together , either as a preventive measure or to avoid direct disturbance to certain species .
human disturbance of caves in which they roost is a major threat .
in 1848 a major disturbance occurred in the territory .
the pressure of tourists on the environment here is great with a considerable problem of litter , noise and physical disturbance .
the soldiers who were moving towards the stand were ordered to halt by colonel coburn , who had been guarding the quartermaster 's stores north of the state - house , but who came out when he heard the disturbance .
the disturbance slowly intensified , becoming a tropical depression on july 14 and reaching storm strength on the next day .
while celeste was weakening , a tropical disturbance associated with the itcz first appeared on july 19 .
the spatial and temporal distribution of a propagating disturbance will continually change .
’zapatista disturbance development ’s kit.’’
test subjects suffered motor ataxia , nausea , visual disturbance , degraded task performance and difficulties in communication .
the next day , the nhc noted the possibility for regeneration of the system , although , by late on the 14th , the disturbance had weakened , and was becoming embedded in the itcz , as a result , the probability for regeneration was low .
the result would be that if anyone died in a general disturbance amounting to an affray , all those who participated could be convicted of manslaughter which would be against public policy .
the disturbance may interrupt , obstruct , or otherwise degrade or limit the effective performance of the circuit .
the compressor either experiences conditions which exceed the limit of its pressure rise capabilities or is highly loaded such that it does not have the capacity to absorb a momentary disturbance , creating a rotational stall which can propagate in less than a second to include the entire compressor .
all cockroaches from the fourth instar ( fourth molting cycle ) and older are capable of the disturbance hiss .
a frequent system requirement is the automatic resumption of work after a disturbance / disruption .
tropical storm matmo ( international designation : 0803 , jtwc designation : 04w , pagasa name : dindo ) formed to the east of manila in the philippines as a tropical disturbance on may 13 .
this allowed the grenade to be hung from fences to prevent them from being climbed ; any disturbance to the dangling grenade would cause it to fall and ignite the fuse .
riot police began fighting battles with bottle - throwing supporters about 40 minutes after the goal had been allowed , throwing tear gas into the crowd to break up the disturbance .
another deficiency , iodine deficiency , produces a spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders from mild emotional disturbance to severe mental retardation .
later on february 25 , hina weakened to a moderate tropical storm and then weakened to a tropical disturbance as wind shear removed all convection from the centre .
however , she met with some hostile reactions and after she was heckled one night and a disturbance broke out , the attempt was abandoned .
a few days later , another westward - moving tropical disturbance paralleled the southern coast of central america and mexico .
many modern hive designs incorporate a viewing glass window in the side of the hive with a removable wooden cover allowing for complete inspection without disturbance of the hive .
during the regrowth of pine trees after disturbance like clearcutting or wildfire , there appears an orderly sequence of mycorrhizal fungi as one species is replaced by another .
it should also be noted that they appear to be sensitive to disturbance of their root systems .
microcosm studies can be very useful to study the effects of disturbance or to determine the ecological role of key species .
upon discovery , they sharply turn around and bite into the sediment where the disturbance was detected .
the adult cattle egret has few predators , but birds or mammals may raid its nests , and chicks may be lost to starvation , calcium deficiency or disturbance from other large birds .
crude verbal carvings’and crude verbal disturbance ( widdowson , 3 ) .
the foreword to the dsm - i states the us navy had itself made some minor revisions but " the army established a much more sweeping revision , abandoning the basic outline of the standard and attempting to express present day concepts of mental disturbance .
disturbance by fire or logging can potentially compromise their resource use and result in an added threat to these species ( chouteau 2006 ) .
" patterson v. new york " , 432 u.s. 197 ( 1977 ) , is a legal case heard by the united states supreme court regarding the constitutionality under the fourteenth amendment 's due process clause of burdening a defendant with proving the affirmative defense of extreme emotional disturbance as defined by new york law .
early on march 16 , a tropical disturbance formed to the south of a convergence zone which was located to the east of palmerston island , in the cook islands .
the next day after the disturbance had made landfall on rotuma , it was designated as tropical depression 08f. early on january 27 , a tropical cyclone formation alert was released by the jtwc , as the depression had a well defined , but wide low level circulation center .
sound waves have two general characteristics : a disturbance is in some identifiable medium in which energy is transmitted from place to place , but the medium does not travel between two places .
mooney had been tipped off to threats that preceded the parade and pushed resolutions through his union , the molders , and the san francisco central labor council and the building trades council warning that " agents provocateurs " might attempt to blacken the labor movement by causing a disturbance at the parade .
a disturbance is detected if the two data sets are not equal .
the main reason for the lower soviet artillery successes were the finnish disturbance tactics .
based on factors of dispersal , disturbance , resources limiting climate , and other species distribution , predictions of species distribution can create a bioclimate range , or bioclimate envelope .
examples of offences which are always summary offences include trespassing at night , causing a disturbance and taking a motor vehicle without the owner 's consent .
, also known as the jōkyū disturbance , was fought in japan between the forces of retired emperor go - toba and those of the hōjō clan , regents of the kamakura shogunate , whom the retired emperor was trying to overthrow .
a series of minor faults runs northwest to southeast through the hill whilst a few including the coed hir fault run northeast to southwest , paralleling the major fault forming a part of the neath disturbance which runs through cwm cadlan .
a tropical disturbance is the lowest category on the south - west indian ocean tropical cyclone scale , and has wind speeds 28 knots ( 32 mph , 50 km / h ) .
however , when a significant destruction of the vegetation takes place ( of natural origin such as an avalanche or human origin ) , the disturbance undergone by the ecosystem is too important .
a reporter for the new york sun newspaper had overheard the disturbance and reported on it the next day and soon pie à la mode became standard on menus around the country .
commotio cordis is a sudden disturbance of heart rhythm observed mostly in boys and young men during participation in sports . "
between july 10 and july 12 , its predecessor disturbance marched westward with little development .
the first movement oscillates between a turbulent first subject which portrays deep disturbance and a second subject which is more lyrical in nature and gives the impression of reflections .
in early august , a disturbance was observed in satellite images moving off the coast of africa on august 4 .
the selection of tara would therefore constitute either merely an artificial illusion of tara or a genuine disturbance of her peace in the afterlife , neither of which willow truly desired .
their world , the new world of columbus , was a world of barely perceptible human disturbance .
during the kannō disturbance , a historical episode with serious repercussions on his life , he tried to reconcile his father with his uncle ashikaga tadayoshi and , after his father 's demise , he collaborated with his elder brother , shogun ashikaga yoshiakira , to stabilize the shogunate .
another indirect disturbance occurs through crust burial .
the use of the helicopters avoid the need to build logging roads inside the forest and hence avoid the disturbance of the forest floor .
a tropical disturbance organized into tropical storm joan on october 9 , east of the philippines .
therefore , it is an ideal subject to study heavy metal disturbance of cellular processes .
in austen 's novels , wiltshire points out , the reader is aware that a character is suffering psychological stress or disturbance , but the other characters are aware only of physical symptoms and complaints .
as grey ’s spokesman , haldane informed lichnowski that if we attack france , england will come to france ’s aid , for england can not tolerate a disturbance in the european balance of power .
sent to investigate the effect the destroying their universe six gobots are reformatted to look like an autobots and decepticons and sent through the interfacer to the source of the disturbance - the 22nd level .
this site has been exposed to more human disturbance than the forêt du day , and is therefore considered less viable .
it is the brawl between oberon and titania , based on a lack of recognition for the other in the relationship , that drives the rest of the drama in the story and makes it dangerous for any of the other lovers to come together due to the disturbance of nature caused by a fairy dispute .
other disturbance impacts are indirect .
it crossed over yucatan peninsula and spawned a small circulation which produced atlantic tropical storm marco , the southern portion of the disturbance move across central america into the pacific and soon showed well defined organization with cyclonic spinning .
the intensity at which a civil disturbance becomes a civil war is contested by academics .
its initial disturbance was first detected near on september 18 .
tropical disturbance three .
in addition , the second electrode not only complicates the system , but it makes it susceptible to disturbance by gradients in the plasma .
in engineering , survivability is the quantified ability of a system , subsystem , equipment , process , or procedure to continue to function during and after a natural or man - made disturbance ; e.g. nuclear electromagnetic pulse from the detonation of a nuclear weapon .
little convection was associated with the disturbance as a result of the shear .
the united states expedition to korea in 1871 also known as " sinmiyangyo " ( " western disturbance of the year sinmi year " ) was the first american military action in korea .
tropical low 03u of the australian region crossed the 90ºe meridian on 4 january and was designated tropical disturbance 8 by rsmc la réunion .
mortsafes were contraptions designed to protect the bodies of the dead from disturbance .
succession may continue if there is no further disturbance , or paradoxically , only as the result of system perturbance .
this tree is found in rich mesic woods ; any disturbance that lets more light reach the ground is beneficial to the establishment of bigleaf magnolia , but despite its relatively fast growth - rate when stimulated by more light , other understory and canopy trees / seedlings are usually able to outgrow and out - compete it .
this loss is caused by land reclamation for development , recreation , and agricultural use , including for grazing animals , fertilizer runoff , and disturbance of the natural hydrology of the central valley .
one night , andros , t.j. and cassie detected a supposed disturbance on earth and headed down to check it out .
however , by this point , northern wei scouts had cut off the line of communication between murong bao 's army and the later yan capital zhongshan , and northern wei had the captured later yan messengers declare that murong chui had already died , causing great disturbance in the later yan army .
according to historian william h. tucker , " trevor developed a plan to suppress a mass uprising of jewish subversives in new york city , going so far as to order 6,000 rifles and a machine gun battalion for deployment in jewish neighborhoods in anticipation of a disturbance that never took place . "
except for occasional attacks upon non - union workmen , or upon persons supposed not to be in sympathy with the miners’ union , there had been no serious disturbance in goldfield ; but in december 1907 , governor sparks , at the insistence of the mine owners , appealed to president theodore roosevelt to send federal troops to goldfield , on the ground that the situation there was ominous , that destruction of life and property seemed probable , and that the state had no militia and would be powerless to maintain order .
météo - france issued an advisory at 1200 utc that afternoon on tropical disturbance 14r , but noted that vertical wind shear limited potential for significant intensification .
many of smaug 's attributes and behavior in " the hobbit " derive directly from the unnamed " old night - scather " in " beowulf " : great age ; winged , fiery , and reptilian form ; a stolen barrow within which he lies on his hoard ; disturbance by a theft ; and violent airborne revenge on the lands all about .
kalpana 's father considers it as a normal disturbance and asks him to go for a vacation to some place .
abrupt roars " are also more common during high activity and aside from alerting group members to the presence of an avian predator , they probably also help maintain contact with individuals outside of visual range or indicate an aggressive / defensive response to a disturbance .
weak central coherence theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in autism .
introduced axis deer ( " axis axis " ) and feral pigs ( " sus scrofa " ) roam native forests , destroying native plants , expanding exotic plants through disturbance and distribution of their seeds , and threatening endemic insects .
the entire incident later became known as the byeong - in yang - yo , or foreign disturbance of the byeong - in year ( 1866 ) .
once property is taken , an owner is entitled to " be made whole " by compensation for : the market value of the expropriated property , injurious affection to the remainder of the property ( if any ) , disturbance damages , business loss and special difficulty relocating .
when there is a disturbance in the earth , it creates an unusual change within the readings which can be visualized in a modern computer program .
one of the meetings became unruly and nervous soldiers opened fire into the crowd ; " later artillery and planes were summoned to quell what the government feared would be a major disturbance .
the low deepened a bit as it moved northward to a position near eleuthera island in the bahamas on august 11 , at which time the disturbance organized into a tropical storm .
he threatened to imprison participants in a disturbance going on outside , and an angry mob chased him to the mansion house in queen square .
other factors important in considering soil structure are : the stability of aggregates under wetting and drying conditions ; the stability of aggregates to physical disturbance ; the fabric and nature of the aggregates ; and the profile form ( referring to variation in the layers throughout the soil profile ) .
these can be used with caution for short - term anxiety relief , hyperarousal , and sleep disturbance .
the concentration of diffuse knapweed in such an area is often linked to the level of soil disturbance .
in the western coastline of the indian peninsula the jurassic strata show this character of undergoing a submergence owing to crustal disturbance on the surface of the ocean floor and lead to the presence of marl with limestone in shallow water areas .
the precursor disturbance drifted over top end and later across the northeastern portion of western australia , and after emerging into the indian ocean it strengthened into a tropical storm .
awarded for acts of valor or daring in action during time of peace or civil disturbance .
though pocket gophers are considered to be no more than pests by farmers and suburban lawn owners , they play active roles in soil aeration , flood control via improved drainage , and soil and plant diversity.14 ( for a more thorough discussion on the positive impact of gophers in maintaining and/or restoring disturbance - dependent elements of native plant communities , see reichman , 2002 . )
the disturbance is said to have taken place on 4 february 1597 at the logie candlemas market near conan house ( a mile south - west of conon bridge ) between men of the clan mackenzie against men of the clan munro and clan bane .
disturbance to soil surfaces in arid regions can lead to large soil losses .
the quality transmitted appears as a disturbance or impression upon the corporeal surface of that " thinking thing , " the soul .
early on may 1 , the disturbance was designated as a tropical depression by the philippine atmospheric , geophysical and astronomical services administration ( pagasa ) and the japan meteorological agency , with pagasa assigning the name dante to the depression .
his eldest son , habibullah khan , succeeds to the throne with an absence of disturbance or even excitement that is almost unexpected .
as egwene is forced to be a captive novice among elaida 's group she does her best to cause disturbance among the white tower aes sedai and still remain the amyrlin she is meant to be .
hypochloremia ( or hypochloraemia ) is an electrolyte disturbance whereby there is an abnormally depleted level of the chloride ion in the blood .
typhoon wipha originated from a tropical disturbance that was first identified by the joint typhoon warning center ( jtwc ) on september 13 , 2007 roughly 1435 km ( 775 miles ) east of guam .
a tropical disturbance was noted southwest of costa rica on october 12 .
however , former vice president teofisto guingona , jr. , de la salle university president bro . armin luistro , fsc , former president cory aquino , rep. benigno aquino iii , sen. ramon magsaysay , jr. , rep. imee marcos , and prominent opposition members went to fort bonifacio , but the civil disturbance team went there 7:05 p.m. to control civilians .
the disturbance of diffraction depends on two circumstance parameters , the size of aperture and the distance between two fields .
the lapd was given permission take the stage and order the protest zone cleared if a civil disturbance was imminent .
accounts vary as to whether edward 's struggle caused sufficient disturbance to raise the alarm or whether the attempt was foiled in more fortuitous circumstances .
these alterations can be referred to as human - mediated disturbance .
he passed his time in feasts and pageants , while in a bull the pope denounced him as a criminal , a pagan and a heretic , until , terrified by a slight disturbance on december 15 , he abdicated his government and fled from rome .
on babylon 5 , corwin reports to ivanova that he is picking up a disturbance coming from all around them .
it was designated a tropical disturbance on december 17 by météo - france .
the hierarchical model takes into consideration of requirements and impacts or resources as well as local extinctions in disturbance factors .
another threat facing redfoot populations is the omnipresent habitat loss and disturbance .
st leger 's personal influence was proved by an outbreak of disturbance when he visited england in 1544 , and the prompt restoration of order on his return some months later .
by using optics built into the test section , an engineer could view air disturbance patterns as they were occurring during a test .
the disturbance slowly started to organize , strengthening into a tropical depression late on september 22 ( september 23 in utc time ) .
1695 – 1736 ) , captain of the city guard of edinburgh , scotland , who was lynched by a mob for his part in the killing of innocent civilians while ordering the men under his command to quell a disturbance during a public hanging in the grassmarket , edinburgh in april 1736 .
a disturbance in the intertropical convergence zone organized into tropical depression one - c on august 26 .
on october 25 , an upper - level anticyclone moved near and over the low , and the next day , a trough over the western gulf of mexico provided favorable outflow for the disturbance .
he believes that civilian institutions such as the police and the coast guard should be organized in order to provide the needed protection in the unlikely event of a major disturbance .
by september 6 , the disturbance had emerged into the southwest gulf of mexico and consolidated into a smaller system which had enough organization to be classified as a tropical depression , the seventh of the season .
the initial tropical disturbance formed in the south china sea , and was swept eastward through the philippines due to dot 's movement to its north .
later that day , the rsmc upgraded the disturbance to a depression and the jtwc designated the system as a tropical cyclone with winds equivalent to a tropical storm on the saffir simpson hurricane scale .
on february 21 , météo - france began to issue advisories on tropical disturbance ex - hondo which presented a well - defined circulation .
the charge was causing a disturbance ; at other times it was blasphemy or refusing to swear oaths .
it was the 59th disturbance in the record - breaking 1962 pacific typhoon season , forming in august east of the philippines .
the first key principle in ca is practicing minimum mechanical soil disturbance which is essential to maintaining minerals within the soil , stopping erosion , and preventing water loss from occurring within the soil .
when the branch in jerusalem was caught up in the civil disturbance , the bank ’s activities were moved to offices within the old city of jerusalem .
the disturbance tracked westward , gradually organizing and prompting the jtwc to issue a tropical cyclone formation alert ( tcfa ) on november 22 .
a second wave passed through the area on november 6 and introduced cyclonic circulation to the disturbance .
fan 's wife lü xu was put to death in the aftermath of the lü clan disturbance in 180 bc and fan kang was killed as well .
eric 's homosexuality causes a family disturbance .
if a tropical disturbance reaches moderate tropical storm status west of 55°e , then the sub - regional tropical cyclone advisory centre in madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm .
the low strengthened into a tropical disturbance on 19 november and further into a moderate tropical storm the next day , receiving the name bernard .
when called upon to apply conflicting laws , the courts typically sought to interpret a later statute as creating a minimal disturbance of earlier law .
others like the petaluma guard and emmet rifles in sonoma county suppressed a secessionist disturbance in healdsburg , in 1862 .
if the track were lifted 4 - 5 meters above the ground , resting on pillars , both snow mass disturbance and collision danger would be virtually eliminated , so now lightweight technology could be employed .
a tropical disturbance developed into a tropical depression on the 19th about 400 miles west of guam , and moved northwest at 10 kts/12 mph along the southwestern periphery of a mid - level steering ridge .
on the other hand , the russo - turkish war ended too soon , so that the ottoman troops could quickly move and suppress any form of disturbance .
any disturbance to their relations , it was made clear , would result in withdrawal of her support .
on february 15 , the rsmc announced the formation of tropical disturbance 12 aprroximately 650 nm nne of la réunion .
ropecon is a conveyor system that can transport materials over long distances with little ground disturbance .
the statue is a disturbance to ka 's father because he does not feel he deserving of it .
her progress was arrested by the disturbance she caused in the communities where she called for young women to adopt religious life .
cyclone innis ( rsmc nadi designation:10f , bom designation:13u , jtwc designation:15p ) was a tropical cyclone which formed as tropical disturbance 10f to the east of fiji on february 13 , 2009 .
some soil properties are intrinsic to the composition of the soil matrix and are not affected by sample disturbance , while other properties depend on the structure of the soil as well as its composition , and can only be effectively tested on relatively undisturbed samples .
acid sulfate soil disturbance is often associated with dredging , excavation dewatering activities during canal , housing and marina developments .
hibernating bats are extremely sensitive to disturbance during the hibernation period .
the arctic is particularly susceptible to the abrasion of groundcover and to the disturbance of the rare reproduction places of the animals that are characteristic to the region .
his administration was so vigorous and successful that there was neither foreign incursion nor internal disturbance , and consequently the military expenditure was nearly abolished .
" on the 4th of february , 1597 , a disturbance took place at logie - raiach , on the banks of the river conon , between the mackenzies on the one hand and the baynes and munros on the other , in which several of the latter were slain .
among the features the atd - x is to have is a fly - by - optics flight control system , which by substituting optical fibers for wires , allows data to be transferred faster and with immunity to electromagnetic disturbance .
early on november 1 , rsmc nadi reported that tropical disturbance 3f had formed to the northeast of fiji with multiple circulation centers .
at 1200 utc on the 27th , bulletins were started on tropical disturbance 07 with the 10-min avg msw estimated at 25 kts , while located approximately 520 nm west - southwest of diego garcia and drifting slowly to the south - southeastward .
many pennsylvania politicians and religious groups opposed shibe and mack 's effort for sunday baseball , claiming that playing on that day was a " breach of peace " and that the games would be " a disturbance to persons in that neighborhood desirous of preserving the peace and quiet of sunday so that they may in such peace and quiet pursue their religious worship and meditation " .
the first result of this interdisciplinary working group was a seminal paper led by jackson ( science 2001 ) showing that fishing predated any other major disturbance to marine ecosystems in the holocene .
prohibitionist carrie nation had been forcibly expelled from the bangor house hotel in 1902 after causing a disturbance .
tropical disturbance 13 .
a stable state may be maintained by regular natural disturbance such as fire or browsing .
in april 4 , 2001 , during a confrontation between masked individuals and the mobile anti - disturbance squadron ( , esmad ) , police patrolmen john arce was killed by an explosive .
forming at the opposite end of the monsoon trough from walt on july 14 , the initial tropical disturbance moved north to northeast .
a disturbance happens , anywhere in china , and my nation is always blamed for it .
doctor marko nemir ( nemir means disturbance in serbian ) , is an adventurer , the best man of cybernaut and barbara .
systemic laminitis follows from some metabolic disturbance within the horse , from a multitude of possible causes , and results in the partial dysfunction of the epidermal and dermal laminae , which attach the distal phalanx to the hoof wall .
a month later , williams was allegedly involved in a disturbance at a newnan , georgia wal - mart .
a day in the death of donny b " and the author of two novels , " the danziger transcript " and " a disturbance in paris . "
sub - tropical disturbance 15 .
the 22nd cyclone of the 1986 season formed as a tropical disturbance on september 19 .
the most expensive act of the riot was the arson attack of a bmw dealership , which had previously been attacked in a 1995 disturbance .
its strength fluctuated for the next few days , and by christmas day it was moving very little and windshear weakened it to a tropical disturbance .
a tropical disturbance was detected in the western to northwest caribbean sea near cancún on august 15 .
the disturbance then developed , into a tropical depression later that day and was designated as 02f by rsmc nadi .
the patriarch john , having meanwhile gained time for thought and consultation , came out and mounted the pulpit , saying , " there is no need of disturbance or tumult ; nothing has been done against the faith ; we recognize for orthodox all the councils which have confirmed the decrees of nicaea , and principally these three - constantinople , ephesus , and the great council of chalcedon . "
among the common adverse effects associated with paroxetine treatment of depression and listed in the prescribing information , those with the greatest difference from placebo are nausea ( 26% on paroxetine vs 9% on placebo ) , somnolence ( 23% vs. 9% on placebo ) , ejaculatory disturbance ( 13% vs. 0% on placebo ) , other male genital disorders ( 10% vs. 0% on placebo ) , asthenia ( 15% vs. 6% on placebo ) , sweating ( 11% vs. 2% on placebo ) , dizziness ( 13% vs. 6% on placebo ) , insomnia ( 13% vs. 6% on placebo ) , dry mouth ( 18% vs. 12% on placebo ) , constipation ( 14% vs. 9% on placebo ) , and tremor ( 8% vs. 2% on placebo ) .
