his most famous case , ' keshavananda bharati vs the state of kerala " " 1973 , perhaps is a case the full repercussions of which have not yet completely been understood but which stands as the defining and distinguishing part of democracy under the written constitution vs. the british model .
distinguishing features .
the notion of " you do n't know me " comes down to simple anonymity : when you 're anonymous , it provides a sense of protection ; within the framework of the internet , this allows the user to move about without any kind of indication of identity or even distinguishing characteristics other than potentially a username .
it promises to be very helpful in distinguishing alzheimer 's disease from other types of dementia .
still their works differ in certain ways , and their character is generally so marked that we shall find little difficulty in distinguishing them , nor indeed shall we hesitate in separating those of hobbema from the feebler productions of his imitators and predecessors isaac ruysdael , rontbouts , de vries , dekker , looten , verboom , do bois , van kessel , van der hagen , even philip de koningk .
one of the numerous reasons the y32 leopard failed was that its most distinguishing feature was a lack of interior room .
the main feature distinguishing it from other " agrotis " species is the very pale hindwings , pure white in the males , pearly grey in the females .
union with god belongs substantially to all souls in a state of grace , but it is in a special manner the distinguishing characteristic of those in the unitive way or in the state of the perfect .
a distinguishing feature of the bm-2 was the upper wing directly over the lower wing - unstaggered wings , while in later bartel designs , the wings incorporate forward stagger - where the upper wing is mounted ahead of the lower wing .
ojibwe pronouns , along with distinguishing singular and plural number and first , second , third , and fourth ( obviative ) persons , also carry a distinction between inclusive and exclusive first person plural . pronouns may present themselves either as independent words or as series of prefixes and suffixes .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
lemarquis ' most distinguishing physical feature - his bald head - is the result of him losing his hair at the age of 13 to alopecia universalis .
in addition to the capital nine other cities have been designated districts ( in effect special municipalities ) , on the basis of special distinguishing features .
the chakra - mark is the most distinguishing feature of the dvaravati stones , and hence they are called " chakrankita - sila " .
in such cases a full case history will usually help in distinguishing between these conditions .
during the second world war it made a name for itself in the battles for east africa , before distinguishing itself in north africa as part of the desert air force , and later in italy .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
however , with the bologna process , austria has committed to transform its system to the structure of distinguishing between bachelor and master degrees ( of 3 years and 1–2 years respectively ) .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the letter " y " when introduced was probably called " hy " as in greek , the name upsilon not being in use yet , but this was changed to " i graeca " ( greek letter ' i ' ) as latin speakers had difficulty distinguishing its foreign sound from . " z "
in distinguishing " yin " and " yang " , the two modes are thereby established .
the best - known attack against vmpc is a distinguishing attack by alexander maximov , which can distinguish the keystream generated by vmpc from a random data stream after observing about 2 ^ 54 bytes ( approximately 18 million gigabytes ) .
different branches of a family with the same surname sometimes used distinguishing epithets , which sometimes became surnames in their own right .
jewish mysticism gives a deeper explanation , by distinguishing between god 's essence and emanation .
for this reason , some modern combat medics are armed combatants and do not wear distinguishing markings .
the distinguishing characteristics of moderate mennonite churches tend to be ones of emphasis rather than rule .
the six - layer cortex appears to be a distinguishing feature of mammals ; it has been found in the brains of all mammals , but not in any other animals .
tham dao khao kaeo ( ถ้ำดาวเขาแก้ว ) : the distinguishing points of this cave are its red , black and brown spots on the ceiling as well as the stalagmites and stalactites and its large population of bats .
he distinguished himself in combat once again during the battle of najaf from 5 to august 28 , 2004 earning the bronze star with combat distinguishing device for his heroic actions against the mahdi army of moqtada al - sadr .
it can be useful in distinguishing among causes of meningitis .
he had little formal education , and his distinguishing feature was his chronic stuttering .
the idf criticized these numbers from not distinguishing combatants and non - combatants .
there is , however , some allophony and the writing systems used for sanskrit generally indicate this , thus distinguishing 48 sounds .
this section of " anathomia " also describes the pleura and notes the importance of distinguishing between pulmonary pathologies including true pleurisy , false pleurisy , and pneumonia .
the fruit are densely reticulate , distinguishing it from species of hydrocotyle which have smooth , ribbed or warty fruit .
distinguishing features .
minnitaki kames provincial park is a 44.22 km² nature reserve in ontario , canada , designated to protect several distinguishing features , including east - west kame ridges and numerous terraces .
in may 1915 , horne 's division participated in the first british night attack of the war , distinguishing itself at the battle of festubert , france ; the attack faltered , partly because the artillery ran out of ammunition .
however , the distinguishing gap placed between the two churches involved the use of icons in the church .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the dialect of acadian french spoken around clare , nova scotia is like other dialects of acadian french in many ways , but has some distinguishing features .
the staight porformance and the lacal syle also help it to be distinguishing from other chinese duamas .
distinguishing features .
announcements started distinguishing citylink services soon after .
other distinguishing features include 70 to 73 lateral line scales and a total of 35 vertebrae .
in addition to the apostrophes used for distinguishing the multiple sounds of a single latin symbol , wade – giles uses hyphens to separate all syllables within a word , whereas pinyin only uses apostrophes to separate ambiguous syllables .
songs such as { " legal alien " and " here i am " feature the group 's traditionally afrocentric lyrics , as well as the unique , rapid - fire lyrical flow that became a distinguishing characteristic of the fellowship .
the distinguishing features of emule are the direct exchange of sources between client nodes , fast recovery of corrupted downloads , and the use of a credit system to reward frequent uploaders .
kwashiorkor was thought to be caused by insufficient protein consumption but with sufficient calorie intake , distinguishing it from marasmus .
the indian threadfish is similar to the other two species in the genus " alectis " , with a slight concavity in the profile of the head the most obvious distinguishing feature .
one villa , his villa palagonia begun in 1705 , is the most complex and ingenious of all constructed in sicily 's baroque era ; its double staircase of straight flights , frequently changing direction , was to be the prototype of a distinguishing feature of sicilian baroque .
the inaugural vintage of seña , which is spanish for distinguishing mark or personal signature , was that of 1995 .
a distinguishing feature of all bartels was an upper wing of a shorter span , because lower and upper wing halves were interchangeable ( i.e. the lower wingspan included the fuselage width ) .
symbolism : the two spears form a " v " alluding to admiral carney 's legion of merit with a " v " ( combat distinguishing device ) for exceptionally meritorious conduct ... in action against enemy japanese forces ... 5 march 1943 – 6 march 1943 and the bronze star medal with combat " v " for operations in the solomons area on the night of 29 july , 1943 .
they saw man in control of his destiny , saw virtue as a distinguishing characteristic of a republic , and were concerned with happiness , progress , and prosperity .
also [ died on the battlefield the lieutenant colonel of the same body don alvaro chacón ) , maintained with great energy , distinguishing itself by its serenity and boldness the regiments of sherry , cordova and spanish guards , guidance the second by its colonel brigadier gift francisco carvajal ; but the cavalry of its right did not take the initiated load ahead to contain to the french and these were able to carry out their attack with all happiness , and as 5ª division yielded the field in the same way , the enemy in also occupying the town and the hill of the castle did not take much , not being able the spanish troops to resist in him the terrible rain of projectiles that of all parts went the french artillery .
simon israel of channel 4 news reported on 22 april that there were a number of distinguishing marks that identified the officer on footage taken in several locations on the day .
the game 's distinguishing feature is its realistic model of kinetics .
the most distinguishing feature of the threadfins are their pectoral fins : they are composed of two distinct sections , the lower of which consisting of between 3 - 7 long , thread - like independent rays .
the patients make up a wide spectrum including roy , a manic - depressive with a passion for theatre ; cherry , a lewis - addicted romantic and compulsive liar ; ruth , obsessed with counting and distinguishing illusions and reality ; doug , a pyromaniac ; julie , a pretty junkie ; henry , an older , silent man , previously a lawyer and zac , a drugged up pianist .
hadhrat jaabir narrates that muhammad said : " the distinguishing factor between kufr and imaan is the deliberate neglect of salaat . "
distinguishing features .
the species was identified as a pleurodire based on a number of distinguishing anatomical characteristics – mainly the arrangement of skeletal elements in its skull and the attachment of its pelvic girdle to its carapace .
the main distinguishing feature of this line is the use of " k numbers " ( e.g. k96 no . 1 ) , which are found on both the toys and instruction papers .
in various traditions chakras are associated with multiple physiological functions , an aspect of consciousness , a classical element , and other distinguishing characteristics .
besides special instrumentation , a distinguishing characteristic of bluegrass is vocal harmony featuring two , three , or four parts , often with a dissonant or modal sound in the highest voice ( see modal frame ) .
the main distinguishing feature of the ttc student 's uniform is the lack of the sewn in school badge - all other school require that the school name and badge be sewn into either the shoulder sleeve or above the single left side pocket .
the test of insanity was extremely narrow ; defendants had to prove that they were incapable of distinguishing between good and evil , and , following the trial of john firth in 1790 , that they suffered from a mental disease which made them incapable of " forming a judgment upon the consequences of [ their ] actions " .
the argument that initialisms should have no different plural form ( for example , " if " d " can stand for " disc " , it can also stand for " discs " ) is generally disregarded because of the practicality in distinguishing singulars and plurals .
besides the myotonia , another distinguishing feature of the fainting goat is their prominently set eyes .
in the usa , storage tanks operate under no ( or very little ) pressure , distinguishing them from " pressure vessels " .
" distinguishing characteristic " quote origins .
another distinguishing feature of stafford beer ’s work is that he endeavours to make all processes that occur within systems closed .
after settling in rome , pope alexander vi extended privileges on him such as permission to treat christian patients and permission to not wear the special distinguishing jewish badge that jews were required to wear .
in 1797 , he became minister of the interior , distinguishing himself by his thorough administration .
he had always been considered quite charming but odd , and often had difficulty in distinguishing between fact and fantasy .
the most distinguishing feature of the " lexington barbecue sandwich " is the inclusion of red slaw ( sometimes called barbecue slaw ) .
through the interest in money - making among the three groups , wrestling became a business - oriented entertainment venue , distinguishing itself further and further from its authentic amateur wrestling background .
distinguishing characteristics from the se include exclusive 5-spoke alloy wheels , a blackout grille , light blue trimmed optitron illumination for the gauges , exclusive dark charcoal sport fabric or leather seats , and a leather wrapped three - spoke steering wheel that shares the design with the toyota camry solara .
the main distinguishing characteristics from " h. lanatus " are the presence of rhizomes , and the bearded nodes or ' hairy knees ' on the culm .
for example an object with a distinguishing feature may be spun between two diverging paths or disparate objects , and the one which is closest to the feature is chosen .
the distinguishing feature of the remote gas well rtu is a " gas flow computer " .
the most reliable features for distinguishing the species are the number of fins spines and rays and the shape of the swim bladder .
privilege separation is traditionally accomplished by distinguishing a " real " user id / group id from the " effective " user id / group id , using the setuid(2)/setgid(2 ) and related system calls , which were specified by posix .
the distinguishing feature of the incremental encoder is that it reports an incremental change in position of the encoder to the counting electronics .
lynes continued distinguishing among " brows " , dividing middlebrow into upper - middlebrow and lower - middlebrow .
a distinguishing feature of northern short - tailed sheep is the short , fluke - shaped tail , broad at the base , tapering to a point , and covered towards the tip in hair , not wool .
virtually identical in appearance , one of the few distinguishing characteristics concerns the duo 's voices as kang 's is deeper .
the education provided by the abelard school has several distinguishing traits .
for example , different sources and sinks of methane have different affinity for the 12c and 13c isotopes , which allows distinguishing between different sources by the 13c/12c ratio in methane in the air .
the distinguishing characteristic is the reproductive structure known as a cone produced by all " pinales " .
the village was known as paget 's bromley for several centuries , ( distinguishing it from the part of the parish in the hands of the bagot family , still known as bagot 's bromley ) but eventually the influence of the paget family declined , and the name reverted to abbots bromley .
the lutheran church benefited from these controversies by becoming more exact in distinguishing between law and gospel and justification and sanctification .
its board and batten siding , steep roofs , lancet windows and rose window are distinguishing features of carpenter gothic style architecture , although it lacks the usual belfry tower front entrance .
however , the common declaration of pope benedict xvi and patriarch bartholomew i of constantinople implied that support for turkey 's membership in the european union would be contingent on the establishment of religious freedom in turkey : " in every step towards unification , minorities must be protected , with their cultural traditions and the distinguishing features of their religion . " the declaration also reiterates pope benedict xvi 's call for europe to preserve its christian roots .
typically , the main character has no distinguishing abilities , but can hold ground against seemingly impossible odds .
it differs from classical latin in distinguishing " i " from " j " and " u " from " v " .
on the other hand , speakers of english learning spanish or portuguese have difficulty distinguishing between the prepositions " por " and " para " , as both frequently mean " for " in english .
macann is best known for his ontological phenomenology : " being and becoming " ( 2007 ) . distinguishing three stages in the development of human consciousness , " being and becoming " situates ontological philosophy at the first ( ‘ originary’ ) stage , analytic epistemology at the second ( ‘ objective’ ) stage , and transcendental philosophy at the third ( ‘ reflective’ ) stage .
however , he states , " but it is one thing to say that the presence of a woman is a distinguishing feature of salons and another to argue that female dominance set them apart from other institutions of elite sociability .
silver ions leave similar spots but are easily washed away , making this a means of distinguishing silver from mercury .
the greatest distinguishing feature of netezza technology is its reliance on fpgas and powerpc processors rather than standard disk controller chips and intel cpus .
carr 's " flags of the world " says " the blue ensign is charged with the shield in the fly . " and " however , the aforesaid blue ensign is worn ' as a jack ' for distinguishing purposes when at anchor , or under way and dressed with masthead flags . "
in addition , bandanese speak a distinct malay dialect which has several features distinguishing it from ambonese malay , the better - known and more widespread dialect that forms a lingua franca in central and southeast maluku .
the structure of this frontal wall is the basis of distinguishing the four major subdivisions of the ascophora , each of which is , however , currently under suspicion of being polyphyletic and/or paraphyletic .
pursuant to trips , any sign which is " capable of distinguishing " the products or services of one business from the products or services of another business is capable of constituting a trademark .
it is not significantly eroded and has no other distinguishing features .
a grace note represents an ornament , and distinguishing whether a given singular grace note is to be played as an " appoggiatura " or " acciaccatura " in the performance practice of a given historical period ( or in the practice of a given composer ) is usually the subject of lively debate .
the distinguishing characteristics of the japanese economy during the " economic miracle " years included : the cooperation of manufacturers , suppliers , distributors , and banks in closely knit groups called keiretsu ; the powerful enterprise unions and shuntō ; cozy relations with government bureaucrats , and the guarantee of lifetime employment ( shūshin koyō ) in big corporations and highly unionized blue - collar factories .
the number of spines and rays , vertebrae and swim bladder morphology are other distinguishing features . "
the most distinguishing feature of clevr is the way it allows panoramas to be easily shared and posted on other sites .
nebuchadnezzar admired daniel greatly , although the latter refused the proffered divine honors , thus distinguishing himself favorably from his contemporary hiram ( the " prince of tyre , " in ezekiel xxviii . ) , who demanded honor as a god ( genesis rabba xcvi . ) .
binding between the third protein and the other fusion protein will interrupt the formation of the reporter expression activation complex and thus reduce reporter expression , leading to the distinguishing change in phenotype .
one of the distinguishing differences of a melway - style map from other australian street directories is in the rendering of roads .
the concept was insisted upon at the protestant reformation as a way of distinguishing between the " visible " catholic church , which according to the reformers was largely corrupt , and those within it who are truly believers .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
several aspects of the style and thematic content of " the butterfly 's evil spell " would become distinguishing features of lorca 's mature drama : the exploration of symbolist stylization and non - naturalism , the incorporation of different art forms including music and ballet , bold attention to details of staging , and familiar themes such as frustrated love and the imminence of death .
in 1536 saint - riquier repulsed an attack by the germans , during its defense the women especially distinguishing themselves .
she argued : " the logotype of ion creangă publishing house became a well known symbol , the distinguishing mark of many books with excellent pictures .
the techniques of sieve theory can be quite powerful , but they seem to be limited by an obstacle known as the " parity problem " , which roughly speaking asserts that sieve theory methods have extreme difficulty distinguishing between numbers with an odd number of prime factors , and numbers with an even number of prime factors .
often , distinguishing classifications requires knowledge of esoteric label laws such as " unless the wine is from a " premier cru " vineyard , the vineyard name must be printed in characters no more than half the height of the ones used for the village name "
a distinguishing feature of adaptive expertise is the ability to apply knowledge effectively to novel problems or atypical cases in a domain .
he then went to aberdeen university , where the anti - calvinist opinions of the tutors gradually led him to low arianism , as it was then called , which afterwards became the distinguishing feature of the warrington academy .
there is a use in the shingon school a sūtra naming some 10,000 tathāgatas , distinguishing the longer - lived ( after enlightenment ) ones ( the same as in the approximately 1,000 in the " bhadra - kalpika " ) as " sun - buddhas " , and the shorter - lived ones as " moon - buddhas " .
ito cells can be selectively stained with gold chloride , but their distinguishing feature in routine histological preparations is the presence of multiple lipid droplets in their cytoplasm .
recognition algorithms can be divided into two main approaches , geometric , which looks at distinguishing features or photometric , which is a statistical approach that distill an image into values and comparing the values with templates to eliminate variances .
his most distinguishing features are his blonde hair , usually styled into tall spikes , his purple clothes , and his use of knives when fighting .
a chinese alchemical text from 492 noted that saltpeter gave off a purple flame when ignited , providing for the first time a practical and reliable means of distinguishing it from other inorganic salts , making it possible to evaluate and compare purification techniques .
a distinguishing feature of most stage pianos is a lack of internal loudspeakers and amplification - it is normally assumed that a powerful keyboard amplifier or pa system will be used .
circuitism draws from chartalism in a number of respects , notably emphasizing the fiat nature of ( credit ) money , and in distinguishing between government - created ( exogenous ) money and bank - created ( endogenous ) credit money .
many of the most innovative dialects , those of querétaro and the mezquital area , have lost the dual number now distinguishing only singular and plural .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the privy council sidestepped this point , expressing " some doubt " whether that case had been correctly decided on this point ( although not overruling it ) , but then distinguishing it on technical grounds .
their feet are four - toed and webbed , a distinguishing feature among the pelecaniformes order .
synesso 's primary machine is the cyncra , an advanced design based on the dual boiler concept originating with la marzocco , albeit with several distinguishing features .
in the usa food companies propose distinguishing between food allergy and food intolerance and use a mechanism - based ( i.e. , immunoglobulin - e - mediated ) , acute life - threatening anaphylaxis that is standardized and measurable and reflects the severity of health risk , as the principal inclusion criterion for food allergen labeling .
soulcutter lacks a distinguishing hilt symbol .
in addition , administrative reforms carried out by the partitioning powers eliminated the legal arrangements that constituted the distinguishing characteristic of olęder settlements ..
distinguishing characteristics of hudson ’s art works are environmental themes and layers of imagery .
the pouch is a distinguishing feature of female marsupials ( and rarely in the males as in the water opossum and the extinct thylacine ) ; the name marsupial is derived from the latin " marsupium " , meaning " pouch " .
although the pale yellow , deeply veined flowers of the balsam apple have a subtle beauty , its round , somewhat warty , bright orange fruits , or " apples " , are its most distinguishing feature .
the notation becomes a bit more involved because it is harder to avoid distinguishing between indices referring to the base , and indices referring to the fiber .
one of the distinguishing traits associated with cooperative extension work throughout the country is the financial support it receives from every level of government , from the federal , state and county levels and , in an increasing number of cases , from town and city governing authorities .
this was a manual written by eagle which told how to use the computer , including spellbinder and ultracalc , without distinguishing eagle 's software from lexisoft 's or sorcim 's .
the position of the electric generator is a distinguishing feature among systems .
another distinguishing feature of chūsei - shōen are their exemptions from some kinds of tax imposed by the central government .
a hemoglobin electrophoresis would provide useful evidence in distinguishing these two conditions , along with iron studies .
however , rather than distinguishing from the " relative " , the " thing in itself " is used to distinguish an actual object from phenomenon ( the appearance of things - in - themselves to the senses ) .
the tail and coat are designated " distinctive [ or distinguishing ] features " of the labrador by both the kennel club and akc .
at the next meeting two weeks later the unitarian reverend john robberds defended the book as well intentioned and based on " deep reflection and extensive research " , while noting that he considered it inconsistent in distinguishing miracles from natural law , against unitarian views .
in particular , nebylitsyn has delineated a new property of the nervous system and has shown that it is different from strength of the nervous system , in effect distinguishing between arousal and conditioning level
the wok 's most distinguishing feature is its shape .
hooper maintains that priestly garb distinguishing clergy from laity is not indicated by scripture ; there is no mention of it in the new testament as being in use in the early church , and the use of priestly clothing in the old testament is a hebrew practice , a type or foreshadowing that finds its antitype in christ , who abolishes the old order and recognises the spiritual equality , or priesthood , of all christians .
distinguishing these cases , and determining equations
the northern narrow tip of the north island has the distinguishing feature of a relatively tall round hill that can be seen from as far north as point blaze at the southern end of fog bay , or approximately 20 kilometres away on a clear day .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the distinguishing mark of a baladi individual or community is the use of the traditional liturgy , regardless of the underlying theological or intellectual orientation .
then you notice its one distinguishing feature , a girlish hiccup that the singer uses over and over until it 's irritating as hell .
this lighting color would become one of the most recognizable and distinguishing features of drake radios .
another distinguishing feature of the vaishnava teachings , is that god ( vishnu and/or krishna ) " is a real person and his variegated creation is also real " .
denominationalism as an ideology which views some or all christian groups as being , in some sense , versions of the same thing regardless of their distinguishing labels , is not accepted by all christian churches .
he seems to understand what a ho is , but has trouble distinguishing them from regular women , eventually concluding that all women must be hoes because men pay to take them out to dinner .
this is primarily a legacy of the polytechnic origins of the university , and whether it will continue to be a distinguishing feature will depend upon financial and other factors .
their feet are four - toed and webbed , a distinguishing feature among the pelecaniformes order .
a distinguishing feature of " a. californicus " and " a. xanthodermus " , however , is a thickened annulus at the margin , a phenolic odor , and a yellowing bruise , instead of red .
it is a large bolete from western north america with distinguishing features that include a finely netted surface on the upper third of the stem , a red to brown cap and stem color , and red pores that stain blue upon injury .
the leaves are 10 - 30 cm long and 6 - 16 cm wide , with 3 to 5 sharply pointed , often curved , bristle - tipped lobes , the central lobe long and narrow ; the small number of long , narrow lobes is diagnostic , readily distinguishing southern red oak from other red oaks .
the main characteristic distinguishing mor from other ad - hoc routing protocols is that it maintains multiple routes to each destination , when available , whereas most other such protocols only keep a single route .
distinguishing characteristics .
the ph indicator is useful in distinguishing a dermatophyte fungus , which utilizes nitrogenous material for preferred metabolism , producing alkaline by - products , imparting a red color change to the medium .
distinguishing features .
vendler also popularized the use of the progressive aspect as a diagnostic for distinguishing between these lexical classes ; for example , activities and accomplishments are able to appear in the progressive ( " he is running " , " he is painting a picture " ) , whereas states and achievements are not ( * " he is knowing french " , * " he is recognizing his friend " ) .
also distinguishing it from emd 's other engines is the notation used in its naming .
it is expressed in embryonal carcinoma but not in seminoma and is thus is a useful marker in distinguishing between these germ cell tumors .
distinguishing low mass brown dwarfs from high mass planets .
the distinguishing feature of the medal is the pair of silver wing , each of which occupies both a flanks .
this rider form has no distinguishing capabilities or attributes apart from the other riders except its melee - oriented design and its ability to modify its capabilities with rouse cards .
the influence of czech polka music was a major distinguishing characteristic of this music , which gradually evolved into what is now known as norteño ( burr , 604 ) .
those with apd have auditory difficulty distinguishing sounds including speech from extraneous sounds , e.g. fans or other chatter .
sydenham sat for dorset in the parliaments of 1654 and 1656 , distinguishing himself during the debates of the latter by his opposition to the exorbitant punishment the house wished to inflict on james naylor .
soon after in 1839 , the bombay engineer companies took part in operations in afghanistan , distinguishing themselves at ghuznee and khelat .
it can be useful in distinguishing among causes of meningitis .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
it has a synergistic effect with gabab agonists such as baclofen at gabab autoreceptors but not heteroreceptors , suggesting it may be useful for distinguishing between these gabab receptor subtypes .
the actual number of trafficking investigations is difficult to determine since the government may not be distinguishing between human trafficking and alien smuggling crimes .
wellsway is proud to be a school which requires students to wear uniform , promoting a distinguishing and neat appearance inside and outside wellsway .
ong studies the distinguishing characteristics of oral traditions , and how oral and written cultures interact and condition one another , and ultimately influence human epistemology .
separating itself from the legacy or failures of peach , the economic development and job creation organization that bob was created to replace and distinguishing itself as an separate and unique entity has been a challenge to the organization .
distinguishing features : packard - merlin engine , no intake on top of engine , some models were lengthened , some had deleted wing guns .
the value of external projections in distinguishing letters has been well document .
the house 's distinguishing feature is a poured - in - place concrete roof with three arched vaults .
falckenstein entered the prussian army as a volunteer jäger in 1813 during the sixth coalition , distinguishing himself at montmirail .
the sperm - egg distinction is the basis for distinguishing between males and females .
in the leading american case of " people v. barrett " , 1 johns . 66 , while a majority of the court , consisting of chief justice kent and justices thompson and spencer , followed the english authorities , justices livingston and tompkins strongly dissented ; and their reasons were fully stated by mr. justice livingston , who , after distinguishing cases in which upon the first trial there had been no general verdict of acquittal by the jury , but only a special verdict , upon which the court had discharged the defendant , as well as cases in which the defendant himself had suggested the imperfection in the first indictment , and thereupon obtained judgment in his favor , said : ' these defendants have availed themselves of no such imperfection , if any there were , nor has any judgment to that effect been pronounced .
her single most distinguishing feature is a nosepiece consisting of a rectangular bar with three circles .
the distinguishing characteristic of a behavioral neuroscience experiment is that either the independent variable of the experiment is biological , or some dependent variable is biological .
he was promoted to the rank of colonel in the regiment of normandy in 1643 , and three years later , after distinguishing himself at the siege of orbitello , where he had an arm broken , he was made marshal de camp .
( ... ) " she likes to paint portraits of people with distinguishing facial expressions .
like simon 's , aaron 's clocks adopted a distinguishing feature early : since 1790 , about their cases where , up over the dial , the case - door delineated a half circle which echoed the dial .
he has received numerous personal awards throughout his career , including the department of transportation secretary 's gold medal award , the legion of merit , the 9 - 11 medal and the meritorious service medal with the operational distinguishing device .
" he hoped to find microstructural characteristics in these brains distinguishing them from " average brains . "
one of the distinguishing characteristics of the book is that it is written in said cyclical manner , making it possible to read the first chapter as a continuation of the last chapter , reflecting the cycle of poverty and desolation in the sertão .
franklin gothic can be distinguished from other sans serif typefaces , as it has a more traditional double - story g. other main distinguishing characteristics are the tail of the q and the ear of the g. the tail of the q curls down from the bottom center of the letterform in the book weight and shifts slightly to the right in the bolder fonts .
distinguishing between typical and maximum performance can have both theoretical implications for researchers and practical purposes for organizations .
a factor that makes it difficult to give reliable estimates , is the problem of distinguishing between the effects of different migratory episodes .
another distinguishing element of turkish style is the use of the karsilama rhythm in a 9/8 time signature , counted as 12 - 34 - 56 - 789 .
only occasionally will arabs refer to turkish coffee as being from their native country , so constructions such as " egyptian coffee , " " lebanese coffee , " " iraqi coffee , " and the like are heard to draw a distinction in the flavor , preparation , or presentation of two different kinds of turkish coffee ; for instance , an egyptian using the term " qahwa arabiyy " as distinct from " qahwa masriy " would be distinguishing the levantine from the egyptian style of turkish coffee .
the cackling goose ( " branta hutchinsii " ) , colloquially ( and incorrectly ) lesser or small canada / canadian goose in north america , belongs to the genus " branta " of black geese , which contains species with largely black plumage , distinguishing them from the grey " anser " species .
in 1936 he was elected to the party 's central committee and became leader of the " prison faction " of the party ( party members who were incarcerated , a term distinguishing them from party members living in exile in the soviet union ) .
the fertile undersurface ( hymenium ) of the caps is a distinguishing feature as unlike the golden variety these are nearly smooth .
the distinguishing feature of tajaroceras lies within its siphuncle .
number 3 was added later , when the channel was allocated the third nation - wide television channel and it generally became known as " channel three " - finnish broadcasting company 's yle tv1 and yle tv2 being the first two - and also to distinguishing it from the later mtv finland .
this species is commonly sympatric with canyon live oak which makes distinguishing the species somewhat of a challenge due to their spinose leaves bearing a superficial resemblance .
besides dion ’s , four other versions made the billboard top 40 , distinguishing it as the only song in history to make the billboard top 40 five times with five different artists .
both vehicles received significant updates with only the grille and headlights distinguishing one from the other .
if regan is correct , then there is a qualitative distinction between humans and animals that can serve as a way of distinguishing between them for moral purposes .
another readily visible distinguishing feature of the al - kadesih is that the magazine has an ornamental relief pattern showing a stylised palm tree .
• despite being the earliest recognized species , general distinguishing characteristics for " h. minima " are little known .
since the vaishya / baniya caste is present everywhere in india , for people in other states , the distinguishing factor of a " marwari baniya " person was their marwari origin .
its distinguishing features are the affirmations associated with postures .
some of the names are those of persons then residing outside the bounds of the town , but there is no record distinguishing them from residents of lansingburgh .
on account of lack greek and hebrew letters gregory assigned uncials by numerals with an initial 0 ( for distinguishing from symbols of minuscule manuscripts ) .
the bats ' most distinguishing feature is that their forelimbs are developed as wings , making them the only mammals in the world naturally capable of flight .
the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints ( " lds church " ; see also mormon ) believes that the authority of the original twelve apostles is a distinguishing characteristic of the true church established by jesus both in antiquity and modern times .
john whitney hall writes , " in the first works he wrote after his return to japan , the " fukan zazengi " ( principles for the universal promotion of " zazen " ) and " bendōwa " ( distinguishing the way ) , he advocated " zazen " ( seated meditation ) as the supreme buddhist practice for both monks and laypersons .
a large part of the text is concerned with various crimes , known as " yerros " , among them treason against the king ; misrepresentation ; homicide , divided into three types : criminal ( intentional ) homicide , accidental homicide , and homicide in self - defence ; crimes against honour ; robbery , theft , and damages — clearly distinguishing between robbery ( stealing with violence ) and theft ( stealing without violence ) ; frauds and swindles ; adultery , incest , rape , sodomy , procuring , and witchcraft ; heresy , suicide , and blasphemy .
distinguishing marks of the mint masters .
the helmets were the most distinguishing characteristic of these divisions .
historically , the rivalry 's most distinguishing quality has been the grudging respect and appreciation between the two tradition - rich programs .
qualitative psychological research emphasizes fieldwork , and this emphasis has been offered as a distinguishing mark .
indeed , when madame d'aulnoy termed her works " contes de fée " ( fairy tales ) , she invented the term that is now generally used for the genre , thus distinguishing such tales from those involving no marvels .
these traits have formed the distinguishing attributes of his inspiring and popular leadership .
both the uk and australian referees were haphazard in making sure this rule was followed , even though this was , rules - wise , the most distinguishing feature between suspension bridge and duel .
the singular distinguishing clinical feature of gantacurium from any other non - depolarising neuromuscular blocking drug clinically tested is that it has the desired duality of a rapid onset and an ultrashort duration of action even when administered at 3 - 4 times the ed95 doses .
the myrtle and audubon 's forms were apparently separated by glaciation during the last ice age , and developed distinguishing physical characteristics .
messiaen considered his rhythmic contribution to music to be his distinguishing mark among modern composers .
along with the focus on the kim yeung ma stance as opposed to the emphasis typically placed on the horse stance there are several other distinguishing features of hasayfu .
the distinguishing feature of infantry support weapons from artillery weapons is in the unit that provides the personnel for the weapon crew .
these hairs , along with the nectaries , are often used in distinguishing species from each other .
carver noticed that board members often wonder what the board 's job is and where the line distinguishing the boards job for that of the chief executive officer lies .
this species does n't breed in flowing water , which helps with distinguishing it from " l. d. dumerilii " in places where both occur .
in the early byzantine period ( 4th to early 7th century ) the system of government followed the model established in late roman times under diocletian and constantine the great , with a strict separation between civil and military offices and a scale of titles corresponding to office , where membership or not in the senate was the major distinguishing characteristic .
both of these detectors are capable of distinguishing background particles which scatter off electrons , from dark matter particles which scatter off nuclei .
although the systematic study of beer styles is a modern phenomenon , the act of distinguishing between different varieties of beer is ancient and widespread , dating to at least 2000 bc .
the ekman layer , with its distinguishing feature the ekman spiral , is rarely observed in the ocean .
the impreza , like many subaru - built cars , was equipped with a flat engine , a distinguishing subaru characteristic .
thomas did not have conversational finesse , distinguishing himself by spluttering inarticulate words .
mass resolution requirements are normally modest , requiring at most distinguishing among hydrogen ( 1 amu ) , helium ( 4 amu ) , and oxygen ( 16 amu ) atoms with sulphur ( 32 amu ) also expected in jupiter 's magnetosphere .
distinguishing this skua from the northern hemisphere arctic , pomarine and long - tailed skuas is relatively straightforward .
as in other semitic languages , amharic verbs use a combination of prefixes and suffixes to indicate the subject , distinguishing 3 persons , two numbers and ( in the second person singular ) two genders .
for this reason , some workers have proposed distinguishing between the f - ratio and the ratio of particulate export to primary production , which they term the pe - ratio .
different frameworks for distinguishing between knowledge exist .
the following table shows distinguishing characteristics of the two conditions .
titchener responded in " philosophical review " ( 1898 , 1899 ) by distinguishing his austere " structural " approach to psychology from what he termed the chicago group 's more applied " functional " approach , and thus began the first major theoretical rift in american psychology between structuralism ( psychology ) and functionalism .
