diver appears in episode # 22 , " megastorm 's reconing " where he fought the seacon sea phantom .
the diver controls the flow rate of the water from a valve near his waist , allowing him to vary the warmth of the suit in response to changes in environmental conditions and workload .
he is the only diver given a name .
however she was discovered by a local diver in 1983 , split into two halves just forward of the gun by a mine .
a dive / surface valve ( dsv ) or bailout valve ( bov ) is a device in the mouthpiece on the loop of a rebreather which connects to a bailout demand valve and can be switched to provide gas from either the loop or the demand valve without the diver taking the mouthpiece from his or her mouth .
the quantity of open circuit gas breathed by a diver increases with pressure and depth .
the music video for holy diver , directed and edited by arthur ellis , features dio as a barbarian adventuring through a desolate town .
the diver still walked on the seabed and did not swim .
among the top quaklity horses he rode were four hall of fame inductees , devil diver , armed , twilight tear , and stymie .
if the diver persists , the shark will either retreat or launch a rapid open - mouthed attack , slashing with its upper teeth .
by this time , he had developed a keen interest in sports , particularly cricket , australian rules football , boxing and swimming ; his diving in the port river earned him the nickname of " diver " .
when the container is squeezed , the pressure affects the least dense material in the container , which is the air inside the diver .
this discovery was followed by many other dives , including those by the underwater explorer 's club , the royal australia navy and by the controversial salvage diver alan robinson .
at other times , an airlift is used , handheld underwater by a diver .
at least two games ( probably " hagelnde wolken " , a space invaders clone , and " der taucher " ( a game where malicious fish attack a diver ) have been installed on some machines .
his father came from sumatra but he had stayed all his life at telok saga as a coin diver and fisherman .
at the diver will then perform the second half of the total required decompression , and then ascend as slowly as possible to the surface ( characteristically aiming for per minute ) .
the player is leo , a diver , who sails through a fictional treacherous caribbean sea with his friends .
an operative contacts him over the radio telling him that his fellow diver is actually a member of the cia .
the player 's character is a skilled diver scraping to make ends meet .
he or she must be trained as a scientific diver , be a full member of the american academy of underwater sciences and be an active underwater instructor from a internationally recognized certifying agency .
white was the top individual diver , with gold medals in both of his events .
the new zealand sand diver , " tewara cranwellae " , is a sandburrower , the only species in the genus " tewara " , found all around new zealand to depths of about 5 m , on sandy or gravelly bottoms .
diver played mainly for cambridgeshire ccc during its period as a first - class county and also played for middlesex and nottinghamshire ccc .
francis 's arrival on the riviera with his mother , and his introduction to the world of the pipers , was eventually transposed into rosemary hoyt 's arrival with her mother , and her introduction to the world of dick and nicole diver .
a single diver represented australia in 1924 .
after 10 years of retirement he returns to the sport of diving as a master diver , winning nine ( 9 ) us national titles between 2004 - 2006 and he represented the usa at the fina masters world championship ( stanford university , ca 2006 ) where he obtained the gold medal for the united states in the 10 meter platform event establishing a new world record with the highest score .
in those types of temperatures dry suit diving is recommended , but in slightly warmer temps , heavy wetsuit diving is possible , and with the use of hoods , gloves and core warming wetsuits , a diver can dive in relative comfort for long periods of time in water temps down to 40 - 45 degrees fahrenheit .
in all plumages , lack of a white flank patch distinguishes this species from the otherwise very similar black - throated diver / arctic loon .
he was the world champion at the 1 and 3 m springboards from 2005 to 2007 and is the first , and so far only , diver to have been world champion in the three categories ( 1 , 3 and 10 m platform ) .
sun shuwei (; born february 1 , 1976 in shantou , guangdong ) is a famous chinese diver .
for the same reason , if the diver fails to exhale during the ascent , lung over expansion injury is likely to occur .
samir alhafith is an australian technical diver , cave explorer and underwater film maker .
nick velissaris was a member of the school ’s varsity wrestling team , while jason coben was a diver on the school ’s varsity swimming and diving team .
aee players in 1857 included : g parr ( captain ) , ajd diver , hh stephenson , j caesar , rc tinley , g anderson , e willsher and j jackson .
diver and kid were able to ambush the maximals , allowing galvatron to gain the upper hand on leo prime , but the maximals were aided by dirge and thrust .
long - finned sand diver .
he soon became a free diver and served in the united states coast guard at the end of world war ii , where he had the opportunity to dive around the world .
she also served as the leading diver safety authority .
enos is the only rescue system for water sports which relays the gps position of the diver in distress directly to a local receiving unit .
bce ) , was an ancient greek swimmer and diver given credit for the destruction of the persian navy around 480 bce .
some simple oxygen rebreathers had no constant - flow valve , but only the bypass , and the diver had to operate the valve at intervals to refill the breathing bag as he used the oxygen .
her younger brother edwin was also a well - known international diver .
the education of a rescue diver usually takes one to two years .
old friends of diver dan , they take up residence in his boat house , much to the dismay of laura gibson , who is still holding out hope that its former owner will return .
mark graham is a new zealand diver who won a bronze medal for new zealand in the men ’s 1 m springboard event at the 1982 commonwealth games .
since the parabola is symmetrical , the travel away from the board as the diver passes it is twice the amount of the forward travel at the peak of the flight .
walter koch was the diver testing the suit when a tragic accident fused the suit to koch , basically turning him into an amphibian human being .
the fitzroy river turtle is also known as the white - eyed river diver and as the “ bum breathing turtle ” by locals .
items encountered include crabs ( increases movement speed of the diver ) , stars ( bonus points ) , and conch shells which are used as currency in this game .
the dive is slightly extended but the diver may not survive .
due to his superb piloting skills , he is selected to pilot the prototype mass - production emblem frame , " holy blood " which attacks with photon diver
between 1948 and 1952 ted eldred designed his porpoise air scuba to supply 300 litres / minute if the diver need to breathe that fast , and that soon became british and australian naval standard .
his grandfather friederich johann andreas kaufmann was a diver in the london docks c. 1900 .
if the diver pauses during his or her hurdle to ask for a change of dive , it will be declared a balk and the change of dive will not be permitted .
the north american name " loon " probably originates from the identical scots term for the black - throated diver .
rankings given are within the diver 's heat .
for example , a closed circuit rebreather diver effectively does n't use any of their diluent gas once they 've reached the bottom phase of the dive ; they could turn off their diluent .
haley ishimatsu ( born september 10 , 1992 in bellflower , california ) is an american platform diver .
in frog mode , diver appears unarmed , but can catch enemies by surprise with a tongue - punch .
margret borgs ( later " mund " , born february 17 , 1909 ) is a german diver who competed in the 1928 summer olympics .
, a , was the second ship of the united states navy to be named " plunger " : a diver , a daring gambler .
these cover the diver 's face and are held onto his head by adjustable straps .
in 1948 , fletcher gilders was voted michigan high school track and field athlete of the year ; later that summer , the versatile gilders competed as a springboard diver at the u.s. olympic team trials in detroit .
the program designation signifies a diver has excelled in competency and professionalism , and formally recognizes initiative , technical competence , and readiness for increased responsibility .
birte christoffersen ( later " hanson " , later " ekberg " , born march 28 , 1924 ) is a danish and later swedish diver who competed in the 1948 summer olympics , in the 1956 summer olympics , and in the 1960 summer olympics .
the diver is made of galvanised steel bands on a steel frame and is tall and approximately wide and is partly - submerged every high tide and totally submerged by spring and neap tides .
in platform diving , the diver jumps from a high stationary surface .
he has participated as a diver , underwater cameraman and expedition team leader in various cousteau society 's projects such as the ones featured in television series the cousteau odyssey filmed between 1977 and 1982 .
during this time he led the development of a telerobotic system for subsea platform cleaning and inspection as well as a variety of new diver and robot tools .
in short , the mind imagines the deep - sea diver 's world and the body refuses it instinctively , viscerally .
the subskimmer is a diver propulsion vehicle which is a form of rib ( inflatable boat ) with an outboard petrol ( gasoline ) engine .
ariel rittenhouse ( born december 9 , 1990 in menlo park , california ) is an american diver .
the diver returns to the fantasy server and finds that vicka is now a male elf archer .
a team led by uk technical diver and a grandson of one of the victims , greg buxton , later studied this and several other wrecks in the area but could not positively identify any as the " struma " ; the wreck found by the turks was far too large .
the diver may experience no warning symptoms .
his second album , " arc of a diver " was issued in december 1980 , certifying platinum in the united states and silver in the united kingdom .
he enjoys football , swimming , listening to music , playstation , trampolining , go - carting , and playing cricket , and qualified as a scuba diver following his experience on " the waterhorse " .
the russians , who had reported a diver in trouble near the stern , were in no way discountenanced , did not complain , and were not responsible for crabb 's death .
as the rebreather has a single " pendulum " breathing tube , the diver must breathe deeply to avoid carbon dioxide build - up .
in 1996 , as a new york state police diver he participated in the investigation of the crash of twa flight 800 .
the duration of an open - circuit dive depends on factors such as the capacity ( volume of gas ) in the diving cylinder , the depth of the dive and the breathing rate of the diver .
lao lishi (; born december 12 , 1987 in zhanjiang , guangdong ) is a female diver from the people 's republic of china .
normally , however , the most oxygen - lean of the diver 's decompression gases would be used for this purpose , since descent time spent reaching a depth where bottom mix is no longer hypoxic is normally small , and the distance between this depth and the mod of any nitrox decompression gas is likely to be very short , if it occurs at all .
today 's wellington neighbourhood is often referred to as diver lake , long lake , wellington , rutherford or north nanaimo .
vicka , upon finding out that he is a diver , lashes out at him but quickly calms down and admits that she is one too .
the diver trains tamako to swin and overcome her fear of the water .
under iantd and andi rules for use of nitrox , which are followed by most dive resorts around the world , filled nitrox cylinders are signed out personally in a gas blender log book , which contains , for each cylinder and fill , the cylinder number , the measured oxygen percent composition , the signature of the receiving diver ( who should have personally measured the oxygen percent with an instrument at the fill - shop ) , and finally a calculation of the maximum operating depth for that fill / cylinder .
progressive penetration eschews the use of reels , but the diver makes several successive penetrations , each successively deeper than the last , memorising the layout for both the inward and outward journeys .
" mike diver of drowned in sound gave the album a perfect score of 10 out of 10 , remarking that it " must be listened to with an absolutely open mind .
the ghost diver can be killed by any one of scooby 's inventions , and he appears in the sea - side levels .
smith also attended waikato university from 1993–1996 and was friends with robert diver .
cmas * scuba diver .
dörte lindner ( born march 22 , 1974 ) is a german diver who won a bronze medal at the 2000 summer olympics .
july 23 , 1940 ) was a swedish diver who competed in the 1908 summer olympics .
for many years the exact location of " resurgam " was a mystery until in 1995 it was found by an experienced wreck diver , keith hurley , while attempting to clear snagged fishing nets in of water and on 4 july 1996 was designated protected wreck n.o 42 under the protection of wrecks act .
his boss has even termed him his best diver .
kurt behrens ( november 26 , 1884 – february 5 , 1928 ) was a german diver who competed in the 1908 summer olympics and in the 1912 summer olympics .
henry albert fleuss ( 1851 - 1933 ) was a pioneering diving engineer , and master diver for siebe , gorman & co. of london .
half an hour later , the rest of the group begins returning to the boat , and during that period the tally is incremented normally as each diver arrives on board .
spotted sand - diver .
the diver 's muscle power , swimming style , and the type of aquatic activity the monofin is used for determines the choice of size , stiffness , and materials .
on 20 november 1992 , comex diver theo mavrostomos was given the go - ahead to continue but spent only two hours at 701 msw ( 2300 ft ) .
she later conducted exercises with " salvager " before returning to norfolk for diver qualifications ; she was preparing to enjoy christmas liberty when an emergency work request to raise the sunken " ysd-56 " came through .
shintōhō 's female pearl - diver films with actress michiko maeda had become notorious in the 1950s as the first japanese films with nude scenes .
after experiencing mixed success in his first five dives in the final , mitcham entered the final round of dives in second place , 34 points behind chinese diver zhou lüxin .
the yugoslav navy did not have manned torpedoes , but frogmen used the underwater device called " r-1 diver " for a variety of missions , including : mine clearance , infiltration , clandestine surveillance and security , and assault missions on enemy shipping and naval objects .
wearied but undaunted after several hours of arduous labor , hammerberg resolved to continue his struggle to wash through the oozing submarine , subterranean mud in a determined effort to save the second diver .
the second way in which wetsuits reduce heat loss is to trap a thin layer of water between the diver 's skin and the insulating suit itself .
in 1995 south australian cave diver christopher brown went another 20 metres further again , and in late 2008 much of the cave 's more distant regions were explored , mapped ( using radio - location " pingers " designed and operated by ken smith ) and videotaped by craig challen and dr richard ( " harry " ) harris et al .
for example , a recreational diver who plans to stay within " no - decompression " limits can in many cases simply ascend a few feet each minute , while continuing the dive , and still remain within safe limits , rather than adhering to a pre - planned bottom time and ascending directly .
it is also uncomfortable , causing a dry mouth and throat and making the diver thirsty .
justin dumais ( born august 13 , 1978 in oxnard , california ) , is an olympic diver .
he has published dozens of articles about diving and diver training for various publications and is managing editor of diving adventure magazine .
captain trevor jackson ( born 26 november 1965 ) is an australian technical diver , shipwreck researcher , author and inventor .
the race is named for one of the great sprinters and certainly one of california ’s most beloved horses , native diver , who ranks no . 60 in blood - horse magazine
devil diver .
elise is the youngest pilot of the sonic diver unit .
mark edward lenzi ( born july 4 , 1968 in huntsville , alabama ) is a former american olympic diver and diving coach .
li ting ( diver ) .
many invicta watches , including the company 's more popular pro diver series , borrow design cues from seminal watches like the rolex submariner and omega seamaster .
jan hempel ( born august 21 , 1971 ) is a german diver who competed at the 1988 , 1992 , 1996 , and the 2000 summer olympics , winning two olympic medals .
the genus " aptenodytes " ( from the ancient greek " a"/α ' without ' " pteno-"/πτηνο- ' feather ' or ' wing ' and " dytes"/δυτης ' diver ' ) contains two extant species of penguins collectively known as " the great penguins " .
a pearl diver surfaces with her mouth dripping with pearls .
a number of factors dictate the type of breathing apparatus used by the diver .
the band appears performing " holy diver " at an elementary school dance .
its predators include the common seal , california sea lion , blue shark , chinook salmon , black - throated diver , and brandt 's cormorant .
mine clearance diver .
he and teammate adam crompton ( sabre ) became the first ohio state athletes since diver lou vitucci to win three individual ncaa championships .
they tend to be 2 or 3 person craft , sometimes with diver lockout facilities .
jevon tarantino ( born january 30 , 1984 ) is an american springboard diver .
in " action league now ! " , the league accidentally releases " spot - zilla " , that eats stinky diver .
in one of the largest diver - assisted salvage operations ever conducted , often working in very difficult and dangerous conditions , over 95% of the airplane wreckage was eventually recovered .
the scottish poet william mcgonagall immortalized the tragedy in his poem " the wreck of the steamer " mohegan " most of the cargo was salvaged , though a diver lost his life in the process .
surface personnel often employ a piece of communications equipment called a " helium de - scrambler , " which electronically lowers the pitch of the diver 's voice as it is relayed through the communications gear , making it easier to understand .
pistons attached to the crankshaft pushes in air through the air valves and then through the outlet to an air hose and at last to the diving dress of a diver .
diver appears in episode # 14 , " the combined giant , tripledacus .
the crown prince holds a padi advanced diver certification , is a devoted motor sport enthusiast , and enjoys skeet shooting , computers , sports cars , and motorcycles .
previously , the navy and army scuba diver badges had been identical .
victoria " vicki " manalo draves ( born december 31 , 1924 ) is a former olympic diver .
gaining the nickname " chips " as a school boy , rafferty studied at parramatta commercial high school before working in a variety of jobs , including opal miner , sheep shearer , drover , airman and pearl diver before making his film debut in " ants in his pants " in 1938 .
... his [ the german diver west 's ] plan , as told to me , was to start under the stern , which lay down the river , and blow a hole in her and work towards the paymaster 's stateroom .
" diver " ( ars-5 ) was launched 19 december 1942 by basalt rock co. , napa , california ; sponsored by mrs. f. m. young ; and commissioned 23 october 1943 , lieutenant a. t. terrio in command .
research methods include hook - and - line sampling , intertidal and scuba diver surveys , and the use of remote operated vehicle ( rov ) submarines .
his attack took so long to charge diver was able to ruin it with a water geyser .
aleksandr mikhailovich dobroskok (; born june 12 , 1982 in buzuluk ) is a russian diver who competed in the 2000 summer olympics and in the 2004 summer olympics .
cmas offers an international framework for diver and instructor qualifications .
blythe hartley ( born may 2 , 1982 ) is a canadian olympic diver .
during world war ii , olaff was inducted into the u.s. navy , becoming a diver .
salvage training , diver qualifications , and various general ship 's drills constituted her activity until mid - october when she began preparing for another deployment to the western pacific .
she is a top female diver , multiple olympic gold medalist and world champion .
bret has twice been the recipient of naui 's outstanding contribution to diving award , beneath the sea ’s diver of the year , as well as international honors for his photography and film work .
she was born in budapest , hungary , and at the age of 3 she moved to belluno , italy , with her mother , ibolya nagy , a hungarian platform diver who took part at olympic games in 1992 in barcelona .
heidemarie grécká - bártová ( born march 13 , 1965 in ústí nad labem ) is a retired female diver from the czech republic , who twice competed for czechoslovakia at the summer olympics : 1980 and 1992 .
xe4 's " diver , sub - lieutenant k.m. briggs , used the net / cable cutter to sever it .
when the youngest encounters an injured diver , she resolves to help him ; and challenge an ancient taboo against contact with humans .
a professional sailor , she managed to reach the rank of captain , and was also a passionate scuba diver .
as with all rebreathers , the diver should breathe continuously to keep the gas flowing over the absorbent .
friedrich " fritz " nicolai ( december 11 , 1879 – march 7 , 1946 ) was a german diver who competed in the 1906 summer olympics and in the 1908 summer olympics .
although strictly speaking this is not a part of the breathing apparatus , it is usually connected to the diver 's air supply , in order to provide easy inflation of the device .
diver and the kid were able to ambush the maximals , allowing galvatron to gain the upper hand on lio convoy , but the maximals were aided by dirge and thrust .
gerda daumerlang ( born 2 may 1920 ) is a german diver who competed in the 1936 summer olympics .
a standard precaution when entering enclosed spaces is to use a distance line ; this marks the exit route , which may be need after the diver 's fins and bubbles dislodge silt and loose overhead materials such as rust and reduce visibility to zero .
diana isabel pineda zuletra ( born september 6 , 1984 ) is a female diver from colombia , who competed in two summer olympics for her native country , starting in 2000 .
however , when the diver ascends to the normal atmospheric pressure , the gases become insoluble , causing the formation of small bubbles in the blood .
for their 1983 album diver down van halen 's guitarist eddie van halen wrote a solo piece using the technique known as cathedral .
tracy cox - smyth ( born tracy linda cox , july 13 , 1966 ) is a retired zimbabwean springboard diver .
leonid then confronts her and accuses her of being a diver .
popplewell is an experienced scuba diver and has written travel features on the subject for " the times " .
diving suits also help prevent the diver 's skin being damaged by rough or sharp underwater objects , marine animals or coral .
july 7 , 1957 ) was a german diver who competed in the 1936 summer olympics .
patrick musimu ( born on 12 october 1970 in kinshasa , zaire ) is a belgian free - diver , physiotherapist , and kickboxer .
the most interesting inventions are the pump wagon and the doom diver catapult .
psihoyos , a licensed scuba - diver , has become increasingly concerned with bringing awareness to underwater life .
discovery of the wreck occurred in 1986 , by a diver working to free a snagged fishing net .
the diver 's head was not attached , but rather a green ' t ' piece was fitted through the windows of the helmet , which provided the attachment points for the accessories .
this 1976 novel is based on benchley 's chance meeting in bermuda with diver teddy tucker while writing a story for " national geographic " .
hugo pellicer parisi ( born august 1 , 1984 in brasília , distrito federal ) is a male diver from brazil , who competed at two consecutive summer olympics for his native country , starting in 2004 .
the title was first published in 1979 under the name " scuba diver " .
steven barnett ( born june 15 , 1979 ) is a male australian diver , who won a bronze medal in the 2004 summer olympics with diving partner robert newbery .
as the diver logs off , he remembers that he forgot to pay his phone bill - his phone has been disconnected for three hours .
all nine passengers survived the ditching and were rescued by a nearby diver ’s boat .
scuttling old ships to produce artificial reefs suitable for wreck diving , to benefit from commercial revenues from recreational diving of the shipwreck , or to produce a diver training site .
it remained in service until 1919 , acquiring the nickname of " the diver " ; many superstitious drivers were reluctant to take it over the newly rebuilt bridge .
gary gentile is a wreck diver .
the diver , john farrar , arrived quickly , and discovered kopechne 's body at around 8:45 am .
" jan van halen had previously appeared playing clarinet on one track , " big bad bill ( is sweet william now ) , " on van halen 's 1982 album , " diver down " .
diver down .
arne joakim andersson ( born september 9 , 1971 in jönköping ) is a retired diver from sweden .
in 1996 her interest in underwater sports led to her meeting the renowned free - diver francisco " pipín " ferreras .
mr rutkowski further served as director of diver training at noaa from 1965 until 1985 .
headlands are favored for entry because of their proximity to deeper water , but timing is important so the diver does not get pushed onto rocks by waves .
in particular , two accusations are sometimes made against the organization : that it " dumbs down " scuba diving training courses , making them too short and easy ; and that it " profiteers " from demand for diver training .
sang xue (; born december 7 , 1984 in tianjin ) is a female chinese diver who won the gold medal in the synchronized 10 m platform competition at the 2000 summer olympics .
metabolically inert gases in the diver 's breathing gas , such as nitrogen and helium , are absorbed into body tissues when breathed under high pressure during the deep phase of the dive .
a few games have been made that copy the general feel of " rayforce " , most notably " kamui " and " terra diver " .
of this total pressure which can be tolerated by the diver , 1 atmosphere is due to the earth 's air , and the rest is due to depth in water .
at the end of the beijing games , guo became the most decorated female olympic diver , and tied fellow chinese athlete fu mingxia , and american greg louganis with the most gold medals ( four ) .
uscgc " acushnet " ( wmec-167 ) was originally the uss " shackle " ( ars-9 ) , a " diver "- class rescue and salvage ship commissioned by the united states navy for service in world war ii .
a professional deep - sea diver hired by the dynamic network company and stationed in her own room in the dn area .
in may 2009 , tom daley , the 15 year old olympic diver , paid a visit to heolddu to swim with selected pupils to promote the sport .
this acronym also stands for open water diver .
their territory extends in a cone from the nest toward the surface , so swimming upwards can put a diver further into the fishes ' territory ; a horizontal swim away from the nest site is best when confronted by an angry triggerfish .
she supervises the worm task force and the sonic diver program .
because deep water blackout occurs as the diver approaches the surface without necessarily showing signs of distress , depressurisation is clearly implicated in the cause .
the submarine is an upgrade with two weapons ( torpedoes and depth charges ) and much less inertia than the diver .
in case of the right shoulder connection free - flow , the diver closes the isolating valve and the right shoulder cylinder valve .
the combat diver qualification and combat diving supervisors courses are taught by company c , 2nd battalion , 1st special warfare training group at the special forces underwater operations school , naval air station key west .
alfred bertran engelsen ( january 16 , 1893 – september 13 , 1966 ) was a norwegian gymnast and diver who competed in the 1912 summer olympics .
another noteworthy episode saw mario lopez take a teen who wanted to be an olympic diver on an adventure to meet olympic diving gold medalist , greg louganis .
they sail for 6 hours before being rescued by a u.s. marine scuba diver , who takes them on a helicopter with j.j. on board .
brian phelps ( diver ) .
ernst eklund ( diver ) .
both disciplines require breath held dives where the diver travels in a horizontal position under water under their own power without aid / physical contact of a static surface , with the exception of the pool wall when done indoors .
mark daniel bradshaw ( born may 12 , 1962 in happy camp , california ) is a retired diver from the united states .
a delayed surface marker buoy ( dsmb ) , decompression buoy or deco buoy is similar to a surface marker buoy but is launched whilst the diver is submerged and generally only at towards the end of the dive .
in - water recompression or underwater oxygen treatment ( iwr ) is the emergency treatment of decompression sickness ( dcs ) of sending the diver back underwater to allow the gas bubbles in the tissues , which are causing the symptoms , to resolve .
pilates was originally a gymnast , diver , and bodybuilder , but when he moved to england in 1912 , he earned a living as a professional boxer , circus - performer , and self - defense trainer at police schools and scotland yard .
an avid sailor and scuba diver , he is the author of what is widely considered to be the ' bible ' for those choosing to dive the many islands of micronesia , " diving the western pacific , vol .
" upon arriving on gaea the jointrons briefly fight bighorn , diver , tasmanian kid , starscream and bb .
diver rescue .
marie in of water , mostly intact and sitting upright on a gravel bottom . scuba diver and shipwreck historian cris kohl
it is often designed to be hand - operated by a diver .
oris released a huge 51 mm professional diver 's watch in 2009 .
diver first appears in episodes # 1 of " beast wars second " , called " the birth of a new army . "
while being prepared to become an artificial reef , " texas clipper " was docked at the port of brownsville , texas for cleaning of hazardous materials and modifications for wildlife and diver safety .
in " the maximal brainwashing project " starscream and bb were able to capture diver and the tasmanian kid , brainwashing them into serving the predacons .
not a diver himself , bühlmann was intrigued by project and suggested suitable breathing gases .
dublin - based technical diver des quiqley , who dove on the wreck in the 1990s with bemis ' permission , has reported that the wreck is " like swiss cheese " and the seabed around her " is littered with unexploded hedgehog mines " .
something happened there that provided richard the opportunity to show what a good diver he was , leading to a later appointment by the virginia company for similar work in bermuda .
australian diver michael flecker took charge of the archaeological aspect of the excavation .
the names ' winter ' and ' diver ' whiting are in reference to the high catches made in winter by amateur fishermen and the depth at which larger individuals of the species inhabit respectively .
a safety sausage is not a substitute for a surface marker buoy or diver down flag .
william diver .
subsequently , the remains of margaret hogg were found by a diver , neil pritt , in march 1984 , who initially thought them to be just an old carpet .
harry signed up as a diver with the river wear commissioners in 1861 , a role he held until 1896 .
parvin is also a trained scuba diver and underwater photographer .
guo jingjing (; born october 15 , 1981 in baoding , hebei ) is a female diver from the people 's republic of china .
now he commands the 13th aviation corp ( the sonic diver squadron ) .
master scuba diver .
each year , the macduff family remembers george and his dedication to the nvsl by awarding a macduff scholarship to a swimmer and/or diver who exemplifies george macduff 's love for the nvsl .
a swimmer or diver may attach the mine , which is usually designed with hollow compartments to give the mine a slight negative buoyancy , making it easier to handle underwater .
2006 , " amfibia " brand , featuring modern - style diver watches , launched .
the cartesian diver .
william ( will ) booth wecker ( december 17 , 1892 – september 3 , 1969 ) was an american entertainer and all around showman and was also the agent for his wife bee kyle the well known high diver .
the equivalent course offered by national association of underwater instructors ( naui ) is the advanced scuba diver ( historically , it previously had been known at naui as ow - ii for " open water ii " ) .
jonathan ( born claude douglas yarbrough ) was a gymnast , spring board diver , martial arts expert and fencer .
a variety of careers fill his resume , including scuba diver , wilderness survival expert , boat captain , linguist , pet shop owner , animal wrangler , machinist , concrete inspector , and chef .
in 2000 , it was renamed " scuba diver australasia " .
on february 21 , 2009 , nauticus , a science and maritime museum in downtown norfolk , virginia , opened a new exhibit called " dream to dive : the life of master diver carl brashear " .
fish of every size , shape and color would swim endlessly around this giant circular glass tank including two giant 300-pound sea turtles and a human skin diver who would interact audibly and answer questions from the visiting audience .
further , given the large number of competitor diver training organizations , padi could not realistically be accused of market abuse .
her older sister wendy also competed as an international diver .
luc besson cast him in the role of french diver jacques mayol .
however , oil prices have severely curtailed diving operations to the point of being suspended since august 2008 and through 2009 , restricted to fully self - contained vessels by prior arrangement .. the lagoon contains a larger amount of sea life than usual due to the lack of fishing , including sharks , increasing the fascination with the spot as a diver 's adventure spot .
