charles tufts ( 1781 - 1876 ) , a descendant of peter tufts sr . would later donate land for the campus of tufts university .
in addition , he also oversaw and authorized the various arsenals around the country to donate and sell various condemened cannon for use in town centers , soldier 's monuments , and posts for fraternal organizations such as the grand army of the republic .
in addition to purchasing items , users can donate shells directly to the charities of their choice by visiting the giving through gopets page .
he was granted a conditional discharge , placed on probation for one year , and was ordered to donate $ 500 to a local addiction service after he pleaded guilty to one count of mischief .
concerned fans brought the issue of their involvement in the festival to the group 's attention and the story went national with coverage in popular press and debate on ' hack ' , a popular program on national youth broadcaster triple j. urthboy released a statement apologising , declaring the urgency of global warming and arguing that the group 's booking agent and the council kept the band in the dark in regards to the nature of the festival , he also agreed to donate profits from the performance to greenpeace by way of apology .
in 1954 , president eisenhower decided to donate his personal papers to the public provided an
according to the chief of lebedev 's electoral campaingn , artyom artyomov , the three teenagers were led to sberbank by a staff member of the sochi council , given 500 rubles each ( approximately $ 20 ) , and told to donate the money to lebedev 's campaign .
in 2009 , fbi asked listeners to ask richard richard branson to donate $ 1 million dollars to the station , with the person getting his attention being promised $ 50k if he came through with the goods ...
the global body stated that it wanted companies to donate at least 10 percent of their production or offer reduced prices for poor countries that could otherwise be left without vaccines if there is a sudden surge in demand .
most donors will donate a " single " or " double " unit , however the occurrence of " triples " has been increasing as more suitable donors are recruited .
this is a tract which describes the relationship between the church and the people as a contract ; the people have to donate tithes and first fruits and the like , while the church must provide services such as baptism and make sure that its members must be honest , devout , and qualified .
the app enables users to access church sermons , listen to music from several bands , read news posts , find locations and donate to the church .
jack has a rare blood type and erica goes on television to plead for a donor , and mary rushes greenlee to the hospital to donate the blood to save his life .
since then , every year an enfoirés concert has been held to encourage people to donate to the restos du cœur .
many of the top contestants of " desafío de estrellas " participated , and cynthia was able to donate ten thousand pesos each to every family who lost a loved one in the disaster . )
in 1885 , the buffalo public library 's curator , james fraser gluck , approached twain to donate the manuscript to the library .
another popular volunteer computing project is climateprediction were one can donate computing time to climate research .
the increase in internet donations throughout the past year illustrates the importance of making it easy for citizens to donate online .
latham would also donate $ 50,000 for the construction of turnpikes .
in december 2007 , canada agreed to donate 2,500 surplus c7 rifles to the afghan national army along with training and ammunition .
after the festival , people donate some part of collected money and food to the charity or welfare groups and rest of the money and food , they go for picnic .
in 1943 , a report was published in local newspaper appealing the public to donate in order to establish the estimated fund of rupees three lakhs , required to change its location to malda town .
in return , he agreed to donate all his works to the country .
bashorun m.k.o. abiola who was the chief launcher , donate a total sum of n2.05 million .
lakers school is part of a scheme whereby students can donate used rugby kit and equipment to the developing world such as kenya .
cox correctly answered queen victoria i. cox intended to donate all her winnings to three schools in georgia : georgia academy for the blind in macon , atlanta area school for the deaf in clarkston , and georgia school for the deaf in cave spring .
uexkull provided an initial endowment for the awards by selling his collection of postage stamps for us$ 1 million ; the awards have subsequently attracted additional funding from private individuals enabling it to donate annual prizes worth 2 million swedish kronor .
later , the church agreed to donate a fixed percentage of its annual income to anti - poverty efforts .
for example , the vim text editor is free software but includes a request from its author , bram moolenaar , that users donate to iccf holland for work to help aids victims in uganda .
live aid , a 1985 fund - raising effort headed by bob geldof ( who had also organized the charity group band aid the previous year ) , induced millions of people in the west to donate money and to urge their governments to participate in the relief effort in ethiopia .
when the school had enormous debt , the academy attempted to donate the building to the city of elgin , so it would n't have to pay for a dilapidated building .
sonny visits hard - hearted danny in his posh office in downtown los angeles and tries to convince him to donate the theater for the roller disco , because it would bring the arts to the fairfax district and drive up real estate values .
histidine is often the residue involved in these acid / base reactions , since it has a pka close to neutral ph and can therefore both accept and donate protons .
antonina , executor of ignacy ’s will , decided to donate these personal possessions to the museum .
in the 1950s much of the remaining camp land was in the possession of seth b. atwood , who would later donate former camp grant rifle range to the rockford park district , who would name it the seth atwood park .
through much of its existence , the college had enjoyed a " living endowment " , a system whereby staff and faculty who were members of religious orders would donate their salaries back to the college .
at the time the technology debuted , disney announced it would donate the patents to a non - profit organization for use throughout the industry .
an unbelievable assault on christianity ” , and encouraged that uva alumni not donate money to the school until the newspaper is " forced off campus . " he added that , had the university founder thomas jefferson been alive today , he would have abolished the newspaper from the school campus .
so i think we ’re gon na release it for free online and create a place where people can donate to habitat , ” thiessen said .
ten years following that first visit by the japanese , the developers of allegre apartments agreed to donate land to dcc for the purpose of establishing a new student housing co - op .
it was later reported that he planned to donate the pistols to the venezuelan government , but ruperti denied this in his " wall street journal " interview , saying he would leave them to his children .
ruter received pledges from several men willing to donate land and he drew up articles of a charter to be presented to the next session of the texas congress .
membership fees are $ 80 ( $ 40 for full - time students ) and full membership privileges are granted to members who donate at least 20 volunteer hours in service to the co - operative .
after consulting with la toya , we decided that both bungalo and ja - tail records would not earn any profit , but rather donate all of our time , energy , and proceeds to one of mj 's favorite charities , apla .
archduke albert of austria ( appointed by the king of spain as the governor of the low countries ) , and his wife , the archduchess isabella ( daughter of king philip ii of spain ) donate for the construction of a stone chapel in scherpenheuvel and make a pilgrimage themselves .
griffin and ben could not believe it ( particularly because darren tried to take the card for himself and that he was griffin and bens ' nemesis ) , but darren 's parents made him donate the money ( $ 974,000 ) making it the second most expensive collectible ever that makes griffin very upset .
dr. george kelley admits that he decided to donate the collection to university at buffalo , after receiving an ultimatum from his wife .
they also start drives such as food drives during the holiday season to donate to the sultan food bank , clothing drives for tabitha ’s house , and book drives for the elementary school .
as harry convinced driscoll to donate the blood secretly , dexter had no idea where it had come from .
harrison county citizens voted to offer $ 300,000 bond subsidy , and the city of marshall offered to donate land north of the downtown to the texas and pacific railway if the company would move to marshall .
the gentlemen attempted to donate money but were informed that the consul could no longer receive contributions , and the men were asked to communicate directly with the american embassy in tokyo .
to ensure that all monies received by the society are used primarily for animal welfare activities , the administration and non - medical activities of the blue cross of india are almost entirely looked after by members who donate their time and expertise on a purely honorary basis .
o'reilly has also offered to donate $ 25,000 to habitat for humanity if bruce springsteen would come on the show .
the n.z.i.a. had offered to donate
on september 25 , 2001 jordan announced his return to professional play with the wizards , indicating his intention to donate his salary as a player to a relief effort for the victims of the september 11 , 2001 attacks .
following delay 's indictment on charges of money laundering , democrats have criticized kline for failing to return delay 's contributions or to donate them to charity .
alternatively they can donate a new piece of work and i will give them a bottle of wine in exchange for it .
it might donate this to the emergency food assistance program ( efap / tefap ) .
therefore it is common , that visitors at some ticketed open air concerts get a part of their money back , when they donate a sack of grass seed at the entrance of the open air concert .
families would donate however much they could , even it were only a few coins .
when he learns that he must donate a pint of blood , he protests , " i do n't mind giving a reasonable amount , but a pint !
organizers may also donate from the convention 's own funds .
recycle and donate .
the program also encourages people to donate blood and volunteer to help build community preparedness .
it will also donate sections of land to allow artsquest , a local arts foundation , to build a performing arts center and 3,500-seat concert hall , and the development of the national museum of industrial history to honor the history of bethlehem steel .
after kravinsky learned that many african - americans have difficulty obtaining kidneys from family members , he sought out a hospital in philadelphia that would allow him to donate one of his kidneys to a lower - income black person .
the elderly turnbull sisters want to donate their mansion for a children 's hospital .
the cabbies are not happy about losing their share of the reward , and albert decides to donate his own money to the cab company and convinces the drivers to stay and make something of the company and themselves .
all of the contestants donate money with the exception of chelsea , ashley , monique , and ray .
the punishments for minor crimes were in the form of fines or a direction for the offender to donate to some charitable endowment .
when the national championship was started in 1934 , he attempted to donate a gold ' willingdon trophy ' but patiala beat him to it with his ranji trophy .
the most significant contribution of jeremiah dummer to the school was his work on persuading elihu yale to donate a large sum of money .
due to her popularity , she does not campaign during elections and refuses to accept political donations , instead asking her supporters to donate the money to charity .
instead , users were asked to donate money to an hiv / aids charity in their hometown .
earlier , thompson himself had promised to donate $ 10,000 if a video game was created meeting certain criteria ( c.f . "
as part of donate life 's concert series at the grove at farmers market presented by palm , inc. and the palm pre and hosted by kbig - fm , kuney opened for gavin rossdale during the last date on august 26 , 2009 .
hundreds of south koreans have offered to donate eggs for stem cell research in a show of support for cloning pioneer hwang woo - suk despite his admitted ethical breaches .
sproose goose is a rock group from south los angeles , notable for its dollar revolution to donate one dollar from every ticket or piece of merchandise sold .
they also sought commitments from startups to set aside stock and dedicate it to charitable causes , saying they would donate half their equity in intend change to unspecified nonprofit agencies .
he traveled on foot and occasionally on horseback ( when someone would donate a horse ) throughout what was then the united states .
people have become far more likely to participate in boycotts , demonstrations , and to donate to political campaigns .
the party planning committee is planning jan 's baby shower , and collects money for a present , to which many employees are reluctant to donate .
after doing a show at a racetrack near minneapolis , minnesota , devoted fan and sometime racehorse owner , comedic actor tim conway had wanted to donate his fee to help former jockeys experiencing hard times but learned that no such fund existed .
virgin unite has created a branding scheme based around the idea of redemption to encourage virgin company employees to donate their time , rather than their money , to one of twelve partner charities .
after his 2006 loss , shaw decided to donate his official congressional papers ( totaling more than 100 linear feet ) and memorabilia to his alma mater , stetson university .
recent changes to 5 local zoning laws that were implemented in 2006 have allowed local developers to build more homes than originally allowed in return for the builder to donate land to the town , clustering and senior housing .
audience will be fed with intense performance presented by actors , actress and guest , and encouraged to donate , commonly through telephone or mobile phone .
a telethon is called teletrom in hebrew ( hebrew טלתרום ) , " trom " meaning donate .
he was disappointed to find that nbc would not donate air time to the lutheran church , or any other single denomination .
on 6 november 2008 it was announced that english heritage would donate £ 300,000 to help maintain the buildings at bletchley park , and that they were in discussions regarding the donation of a further £ 600,000 .
the foundation was formed when the company was floated , with an initial donation of 15% of the share capital and a covenant to donate 5% of the company 's annual profit thereafter .
according to organizers , they were turned away from the library when they tried to donate books about homosexuality .
an acidity function is a measure of the acidity of a medium or solvent system , usually expressed in terms of its ability to donate protons to ( or accept protons from ) a solute ( brønsted acidity ) .
ourgrid is an open , free - to - join , cooperative grid in which labs donate their idle computational resources in exchange for accessing other labs ' idle resources when needed .
whilst the amounts concerned in each case are not excessive , some donors are known to donate to more than one sperm bank every week and they are thus able to secure a reasonable monthly income .
the cu bird has no feathers , so the barn owl and the hoot owl ( " tecolote " ) organize all the birds to donate a feather each to it ; the hoot owl guarantees that the cu bird will not be a " traitor " .
eventually , she decided to donate her large home and her collection to the solomon r. guggenheim foundation on her death .
governed by a vampir called the brucolac , dry fall 's residents are prosperous and have the most security and individual freedoms of any of the ridings in armada , but they pay for this way of life through a " goretax " - they donate their own blood to their vampiric leader .
this documentary was provided for free , in hopes that the viewers would donate to one of the numerous charities on the sponsoring website .
ripple is a non - profit click - to - donate internet site and search engine which passes 100% of its revenue to other charities .
for example following the kashmir earthquake in 2005 , it used its front page to urge its readers to donate to its appeal fund , and following the publication of the hutton report into the death of british government scientist david kelly , its front page simply carried the word “ whitewash ? ” .
gigi becali said he would donate enough money to help all the protesting people , but he does n't have time to ensure they will work ( clean their buildings , etc ) , as tantareanu suggested .
the video features footage shot in cite soleil , haiti , and the band has pledged to donate all proceeds from digital sales of the track to care international to assist in relief efforts in haiti following the earthquake of january 12 , 2010 .
each year , mr. and mrs. old bill donate $ 500,000 to the match .
nowadays , people receive a little sticker , which typically bears the name and logo of the beneficiary , to place on their clothing after they donate money .
o lord , if you want to favour me , then please donate to me the names of hari .
it is not uncommon for recipients to donate prize money to benefit scientific , cultural , or humanitarian causes .
their fatalistic duties lead them to form a macabre pact ; they donate a part of their individual paychecks into a pool that those still surviving at the end of three months divide the money .
espn also announced that he would donate his fees to the humane society .
the same day many south korean citizens rallied outside hwang 's laboratory ; as more than 1,000 women pledged to donate their eggs for the scientist 's research . [ ... ] hwang has been in seclusion since apologizing in november 2005 , for ethical lapses in human egg procurement for his research .
two of dekalb 's most prominent citizens , jacob haish and isaac l. ellwood , each promised to donate $ 20,000 to help absorb some of the new building 's cost ; their donation hinged upon the courthouse being moved to and constructed in dekalb .
ryu tries to donate one of his kidneys to his sister , but is told that as his blood type does n't match that of his sister , he is not a suitable donor .
it was done in partnership with " cmt one country " , who will donate a portion of proceeds from the single to various charities ( including the the second harvest food bank of middle tennessee ) .
the painting remained in carpenter ’s possession until 1877 , when he arranged for elizabeth thompson to purchase it for $ 25,000 and donate it to congress .
one is also the first condom brand to donate 5% of sales to the development of sexual health outreach and educational programs .
in kannada it is setty , shettar and shettigar , as in " saetru eeyar " , meaning people who " collect and donate " .
in 1968 , a. harold anderson and paul w. brandel donate 181-acre parcel of land for grayslake campus .
the final modesty blaise comic strip story , " the zombie " , published in 2001 , ends with modesty and willie planning to return to the site of willie 's fight with delicata , recover the buried treasure they left there , and donate it to the salvation army .
thomas announced that he would donate his first year 's salary back to the school .
she announced that she would donate $ 1 million dollars for aid in the rescue efforts and encouraged other celebrities and citizens alike to " give till it hurts " .
mps belonging to the bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) decided to donate their one day 's salary to the victims of the earthquake .
the saturday and sunday night shows both sold out , and the club succeeded in raising several thousand dollars to donate to local women 's charities .
in 2008 , he decided to donate a large sum to the university of maryland school of medicine , where his mother is being treated .
with each concert ticket sold at shows in europe , attendees were asked to donate to green light new orleans .
eventually , kyanka contacted a customer service representative over the phone , and asked to have paypal donate all of the money to the red cross .
the wealthier members donate money to the " hara " by giving it to the " mukhtar " and then they all decide the fate of the money — whether it should be for renovation purposes , to be distributed among the less fortunate , or to be kept for difficult times .
because she had been an avid reader , especially of poetry , the rogers decided that they would build and donate to the town of fairhaven a library named for her and given in the names of her sisters and brother .
walt juchniewicz , a broadcast engineer from hamilton who had worked with the station in the past , offered to donate services and equipment to help upgrade the station 's studios .
of the subdivision for united brethren bishops , past or present ; to donate of land
norsk hydro made an agreement with the authorities where they would create 350 new permanent jobs , create a business fund and donate nok 60 million for the construction of a new road , route 37 along tinnsjø .
1 . congress is able to donate to railroad companies large tracts of land to aid them in the construction of their lines .
these singly - occupied orbitals can combine with the singly - occupied orbitals of radical ligands ( e.g. oxygen ) , or addition of a strong field ligand can cause electron - pairing , thus creating a vacant orbital that it can donate into .
this was again referenced in the second season finale " curtain call " when , in an unusually touching moment between the two , b.a. voluntarily offers to donate his own blood to save murdock .
on january 12 , 2006 , paraphrased massachusetts governor , mitt romney , saying that " the republican governors association would donate to charity $ 500,000 in contributions it received from a donor entwined in the abramoff investigation . "
one of mary 's meals ' most high profile projects is the , which encourages school children to donate their old school backpacks and fill them with school materials such as notebooks , pencils , flip - flops and t - shirts , to send to children in countries such as liberia , uganda and malawi .
free educational seminars are held island wide , targeting rural areas , corporate training is given free island wide , a book drive where we donate books to libraries , efforts to uplift current forum of all sports island wide , infrastructure development ( largest swimming pool in northern peninsula ) and cultural development in rural areas .
all khaksars were required to bear their own expenses and donate their time .
as of 2008 , the toronto dollar has helped to raise and donate over $ 110,000 for local charities , and has given grants to at least 35 different organizations .
the cowboys would respond with what turned out to be the game - winning touchdown midway through the fourth on a 23-yard crum touchdown pass to donate morgan to win by a final score of 21 - 20 .
the website encourages users to donate " pixels " or money .
though it shows clear signs of siding with palestinian activist groups , muslim up has pledged only to donate portions of its earnings to recognized humanitarian charities .
the pennsylvania gazette is a newsletter published by the university of pennsylvania alumni society six times per year , and mailed free to all undergraduate alumni , graduate alumni who donate to penn within a five - year period , and parents of current undergraduate students .
a local company , king b , offered to donate funds for the stadium as long as it was named king b stadium .
peta offered to donate $ 20,000 worth of veggie burgers to local schools if the name was changed .
we 're telling them to name a charity of their choosing , and if they do n't want it , we 'll donate it to project open hand . "
we did n’t feel like we could donate anything .
the title of song means " help me ( sounded like ' bang bang wo ba ' in putonghua ) " and the number " 8858 " represent the sms number people can use to donate the money .
school houses compete to donate non - perishable items , lining the walls ( and aisles ) of the chapel .
long before his death , macleay 's interest in the oregonian railway company , which had built a narrow - gauge railway in the eastern willamette valley , led him to donate money for a schoolhouse at a railroad station in marion county .
the punias were allowed by aryans to remain in their indian home in return for liberal donations by bribu , to the aryans ( the bharatas ) for which he was held in high esteem by them where as the rest of panis , who refused to donate likewise , were chased , to the western lands .
canada would design , build and donate four remote manipulator system devices , ( popularly known as the canadarm ) , used to handle cargo and equipment in the bay of the shuttle when it was in orbit , in exchange for the training of a canadian astronaut corps by nasa and the assignment of canadian astronauts as crew members aboard space shuttle flights .
during an unrelated case , penny convinces a reluctant husband to donate his deceased wife 's organs , unaware that scott will be the recipient of her heart .
sam goes to philadelphia and strikes a deal with the head man : in every litter of cygnets there is always one that needs special care and protection , and if louis is willing to donate an occasional cygnet to the zoo , the head man will let louis and serena go free .
city officials sent a letter to headquarters , usaf on may 8 , 1954 offering to donate the myrtle beach municipal airport to the air force .
cp has promoted " do n't donate money to them , build up jobs so they can get a continuous flow of cash " , the cp group has helped hundreds of thousands of people who now have jobs and can sustain their family .
for every lap walked a sponsor will donate a certain amount of money to the event .
also wls - tv reported december 15 that jackson notified investigators that blagojevich refused to appoint jackson 's wife , sandi , as state lottery director because jackson refused to donate $ 25,000 to the governor 's campaign fund .
upon hearing the demand , the king was unhappy since the sage requested only a few grains of rice instead of other riches from the kingdom which the king would have been happy to donate .
landowners may also sell or donate a conservation easement to a land trust .
he had just completed a benefit show and accepted a check for $ 25,000 , which he planned to donate for heart research , when he collapsed .
members of the executive board serve in a volunteer position and donate their time and expertise to further icograda 's mandate .
forsyth proposes to donate the portrait to a museum in caracas — but all is not as it seems .
all feature a chromanol ring , with a hydroxyl group that can donate a hydrogen atom to reduce free radicals and a hydrophobic side chain which allows for penetration into biological membranes .
in 1974 it launched the donate a meal movement in which one skips a meal twice a month and contribute the money saved to the movement .
upon his election as chancellor of the university of saskatchewan in 1969 , diefenbaker approached the university with an offer to donate his estate to the institution , on the condition that a museum and archives be built to house and display his items .
a water molecule can form a maximum of four hydrogen bonds because it can accept two and donate two hydrogen atoms .
after soltan 's death , two anonymous british donors offered to donate £ 4,000 to establish a scholarship for post - graduate students of philosophy at the queen 's college , oxford ( one of the constituent colleges of the university of oxford ) ; the college 's governing body accepted the offers .
they put their hopes in horace p. bogardus ( henry travers ) , a businessman who has built a modern building next door to the school and which they hope he will donate to them .
bea later decided to donate the code to apache , so that a wider audience could get an opportunity to use beehive .
he soon returns to his world , and the citizens of bedford falls come to greet him and donate money to replace the missing $ 8,000 .
it was from this estate that his widow would donate ten thousand acres ( 40 km² ) and one million dollars to new york state to start harriman state park in 1910 .
gift for life is managed by a , whose members donate their time , energy and resources to help unite the gift and home industries against aids .
the cac then worked with several large u.s. corporations to donate and retire enough sulphur dioxide ( so2 ) , nitrous oxide ( nox ) , and carbon dioxide ( co2 ) emission reduction credits to completely offset , or “
philip morris and british america tobacco agreed to donate $ 400 million for health programs in mexico over 2 1/2 years but reserved the right to cancel the donation if cigarette taxes were raised .
originating in his research on philanthropy and drawing on survey data , he articulates a charity gap between the 75 percent of americans who donate to charitable causes and the rest who do not .
this forced parties to disclose most donations , but put few limits on who could donate and how much could be given .
it crosses washington boulevard where charles ringling built the sarasota terrace hotel , a high - rise in the chicago style of architecture , opposite the site which ringling would donate for the county seat .
the foundation continues to run a program that payton organized to donate toys to underprivileged children across the chicago area each christmas .
the residents asked for the intervention of the bishop of guadalajara so that the owners of the property donate a piece of land to raise a church .
for the production of the series , the team had commissioned a " junk hot - line " , urging torontonians to donate any garbage that they could use .
he was critical of the leaders of the u.s. speedskating organization when a donation of $ 250,000 was raised by viewers of the comedy central show " the colbert report " for the organization after their largest commercial sponsor , the dutch dsb bank , declared bankruptcy and was unable to donate its $ 300,000 in november 2009 .
vowing to donate a large portion of the publishing to flood relief , the song was sent to other radio stations in the flooded areas .
in return , storekeepers usually donate some money to the performers , some of whom belong to local martial arts affiliations .
in june 2004 , faced with increasing complaints about his lateness in updating the comic , milholland challenged his readership to donate enough money to pay for a year of his salary , so that he could quit his job and become a full - time cartoonist .
in december 2005 , sharpe announced that she would donate the remainder of her local council salary until 2008 to two gay and lesbian charities , guthrie house and twenty10 gay and lesbian youth support .
some of the partners include vertimonde , who provide environmentally - friendly and fair trade jute grocery bags , and ecohosting , a socially responsible web hosting and web development company that is pledging to donate 20% of its hosting revenues to its clients ' favorite charities .
the association requested that residents donate two shillings each towards this project , and along with a series of local carnivals , had raised $ 2 000 by 1968 .
nasa considered use of the existing apollo / saturn material for launching a second skylab b station in may 1973 or later , but rather , nasa decided to donate all of the hardware to museums .
at the time that sequel was aired , scott mentioned in a " tv guide " interview that he had verbally told the academy to donate his oscar to the patton museum ; since the instructions were never put in writing , it was never delivered .
the magazines agreed to donate $ 250,000 a year to the governor 's various physical fitness initiatives .
a son tried to buy him warm clothes but had to accept money in return ; he suggested the son donate money to his social work .
carnegie agreed to donate $ 33,000 to build carnegie hall as a classroom building for the lewisburg female institute , later the greenbrier college for women .
with headquarters in brooklyn , new york , the campaign asks the public to donate a dollar a day — a monthly contribution of $ 30—so that they can offer support services and purchase the lifesaving aids medicines that are currently available to only one in five people who need them .
until 1969 the feast was known as " dedicatio sanctæ mariæ ad nives " ( dedication of the church of our lady of the snows ) , a name that had become popular for the basilica in the fourteenth century in connection with a legend about its origin that the catholic encyclopedia summarizes as follows : " during the pontificate of liberius , the roman patrician john and his wife , who were without heirs , made a vow to donate their possessions to the virgin mary .
in 2006 the chicago lawyers ' committee for civil rights under law includes forty five law firms who donate annually over three million dollars worth of professional legal services to poor communities , women , and people of color , in substantive areas such as housing discrimination , hate crime , employment discrimination , and community economic development .
an interesting capability of the game is that players can donate ammunition and fuel to other players in order to facilitate their role in the game .
day one of the campaign brought controversy as it was reported that hotel organizers and liquor establishments were being expected to donate generously to the liberal campaign in order to get licence renewals for their establishments .
on june 12 , 2008 , gibbons wrote an emotional letter to all 30 mlb clubs , asking to return to baseball , promising to donate his salary to charity .
on december 7 , 2009 , drew curtis discovered romero 's facebook fan page , which led ric to ask the farkers that joined his new facebook page to donate to the " spark of love toy drive " , which subsequently resulted in 582 online donations totaling $ 13,659.20 ( as of december 16 , 2009 ) .
a benefit concert was organised and a website created where fans unable to attend could donate towards his treatment costs .
in the end , the friends as well as the inspector , despite finding the money , donate it to an orphanage .
people with a biologic relative who has been diagnosed with cjd or vcjd are unable to donate .
the foundation enlists players to donate a predetermined sum of money depending on their game performance .
it is said that the great sage vishwamitra , once approached harishchandra and informed him of a promise made by the king during the sage 's dream to donate his entire kingdom . "
orange is the current sponsor of rockcorps in the uk , a community based organisation where volunteers donate four hours of their time in exchange for a concert ticket .
currently featured on starfish are globus relief , american diabetes association , children 's miracle network , americares , wasatch adaptive sports , rotary international , american legion , national multiple sclerosis society , cystic fibrosis foundation , donate life america , and skoll foundation , and nearly 600 others .
in miami , florida , governor reubin askew asked all residents to donate to the red cross or salvation army to help those affected by the hurricane .
the first corporate sponsor , u.s. rubber , is announced , who donate pro - keds shoes to teams at the llws .
the hunger site is the original click - to - donate site created in 1999 that gets sponsorship from advertisers in return for delivering users who will see their advertisements .
donate with friendliness ( not belittling the receiver ) in case of any doubts about performing these duties follow as do the selfless , kindhearted sages do .
in december 2001 , passion fruit ’s management decided to donate all the proceeds from their single “
his children and widow ( elba muñoz ) , as managers of his estate , had strict orders from gilbert not to donate his enormous multimedia collection to any entity which might not make good use of it with appropriate resources and funding , something which guarantees that the collections remain in private hands , at least as of the time of writing ( june 2007 ) .
in conjunction with donate life , the horse will be used to help promote organ donation awareness .
shortly thereafter , symington also turned down a request from the smithsonian for the air force to donate one of these big wings to its collection of pioneering northrop aircraft designs .
in order to train youth and volunteers in marketing and to give people more tangible ways to donate , grub markets the rest of their produce through a summer neighborhood market stand , a seasonal community supported agriculture program , where members receive a box of produce weekly , and through seasonal flower bouquet subscriptions .
uzair mobilized the students and other young doctors to donate blood regularly every month or two .
oliver decides to donate his kidney , so he can keep richard alive long enough to give rebecca justice in court .
in october 2007 , she became the first korean celebrity to donate bone marrow , having pledged as a donor in 1999 .
the society petitioned people with means to commit to donate lifelong or for certain number of years ( in january or may each year ) " la fleur du soldat " : the little flower ( la petite fleur ) 5 francs , the flower ( la fleur ) 10 francs , and the bouquet ( le bouquet ) 100 francs .
initially , saaphyri was worried because she did n't have a lot of clothes to donate and intended on donating everything except her uniform to the charity .
in the aftermath of hurricane katrina , simmons joined 22 other top executives in the apparel and home fashions industry to form to unify the apparel and home fashions industry to donate new products to help needy individuals and families who fell victim to one of the usa 's worst natural disasters .
initially reserved for katharine she would donate to the trustees in 2003 , retaining upon which her cottage resides and she has garden access .
companies also donate either money directly or benefits in kind , such as hsbc donating banking facilities , and bt donating telephone lines and operators .
you can donate in his holy mission at the above address .
the captain - major at the time , d. martinho de mascarenhas ( sixth count of santa cruz ) also supported the claims of the citizens , and offered to build a chapel and to donate a statue of senhora do pilar .
her crew is a group of volunteers who donate time and money to keep her afloat and to take her to public service .
harry watches the owner of jolly dreams making a televised announcement that , if production increases sufficiently , the company will be able to donate toys to the disadvantaged children at willowy springs state hospital .
grover probably intended to donate the organ to the new england conservatory of music , but after his death in ( circa 1897 ) , it was auctioned to settle his estate .
later , in 2003 it was decided to donate the medal to the gurkha museum at winchester in hampshire , england .
kim wants to donate stem cells in an attempt to save jack 's life from the effects of his exposure to the bio - weapon , but jack refuses to put her at risk for his own life , and asks her to leave .
cdpulse.com and black mountain productions inc. call the initiative music making music because , each time they donate funds to the grammy foundation from one of their numerous current programs , the grammy foundation can use the contributions to educate the next generation of musicians !
the dispute was eventually resolved by both parties agreeing to donate the intellectual property rights for monkey to comic relief .
kerry asked mr. pickens to donate the $ 1 million to the paralyzed veterans of america should he succeed in proving any of the charges untrue .
the usc athletic department received 2,500 e - mails , faxes and phone calls from alumni — mostly critical — and a number of donors asking for carroll 's removal before they would donate again .
every month , close to 100 physician and non - physician volunteers donate their time to assist in the care of the health center 's patients .
the original edonkey network relied on central servers run by users willing to donate the necessary bandwidth and processing / disk usage overhead .
these chapters contribute to the fund raising efforts of the american foundation for suicide prevention by events such as , in which participating restaurants will donate all of their proceeds on a night to the organization .
the exact rate of how often a donor can donate differs from country to country .
the shakopee mdewakanton sioux community agreed to donate $ 10 million for stadium construction , the largest gift gopher athletics has ever received .
in july they arrived at rome and met with pope alexander iii , but none of the monarchs of europe were willing to assist the far - away crusader kingdom : louis vii of france and henry ii of england were already occupied in warring against each other , but frederick persuaded henry to donate money and make a pilgrimage later .
money is always a challenge , and many businesses donate to support schools .
the supporters trust at reading ( " star " ) have organised a facility to allow reading and other supporters the means to donate to the ulises de la cruz foundation .
when carlos tells sister that he would like to donate his car to her charity , gabrielle becomes offended since she will have to share her aston martin .
she received a prize of $ 5,000 , which she will donate to sexually abused girls .
if the city of kingston would commit itself to spending $ 3,000 a year ( $ in contemporary dollars ) to maintain the library , carnegie would donate $ 30,000 ( $ 740,000 in contemporary dollars ) to build it .
the documentary follows their story as organizations are lined up to donate surgical services , transportation and prosthetic limbs .
bender , a trustee of the museum , proceeded to donate more than 1,100 objects to the museum and endow its first purchase fund before his death in 1941 .
wired " magazine reported in their february 2004 article " john sperling wants you to live forever " that his fortune is quickly approaching us$ 3 billion , and has plans to donate it to human biology research if and when he dies .
don saltero 's was originally a barbers shop until sir hans sloane began to donate unwanted objects from his own collections into the hands of james salter , his former travelling servant .
donors are given a choice of project type to which they may donate , including renewable energy , reforestation , and energy efficiency projects .
from july 1 through august 31 , 2008 , consumers were invited to purchase a bag of coffee , a tin of tea and/or retail merchandise to donate to u.s. troops overseas .
several actors and actresses attended the unveilings of their wax likenesses , and even went so far as to donate costumes to be worn by their likenesses , accompanied with sets replicated from well - known movie scenes .
one special rule of the event is that for every red card earned by a team , the members of that team must donate soccer balls to poor children of the community .
the reason , as seen in the mission statement above , is that some charitable foundations have it written into their bylaws that they can donate only to other 501(c)3 entities .
also that year , he would donate a pair of his autographed gloves to be included in the uefa jubilee time capsule , a collection of uefa memorabilia that was sealed underground in september , only opened 50 years hence .
