due to the previous dynastic conflicts , dynamis finally was able to gain control of her kingdom and continue her family reigning over the kingdom .
because of the piousness , wisdom , and leadership abilities of the hasidic masters , members of hasidic communities are sometimes inclined to regard their dynastic rebbes who are descended from him as potential candidates for messiah .
criche was also a jacobite and the school suffered because parents were unwilling to send their sons to a school where anti - dynastic sentiments might prevail .
five years before his birth on april 21 , 1896 his father was recognised as a dynast of the house having previously not had dynastic rights due to his parents morganatic marriage .
they held the dynastic title of prince .
the first tatar settlements in bulgaria may be dated to the 13th and the beginning of the 14th century , when military units persecuted in the wake of dynastic feuds in the golden horde defected to bulgarian rulers ( pavlov , 1997 ) .
the dál gcais (; also dal cais or the dalcassians ) were a dynastic group of related septs located in north munster who rose to political prominence in the 10th century ad in ireland .
besides the clash with his father , trần quốc tảng 's life was rarely mentioned in " đại việt sử kí toàn thư " , the most comprihensive historical account about dynastic eras of vietnam .
dynastic era ( 1122 bc – 1911 ) .
dynastic relationships .
since then continues as a private dynastic order of the romanian royal family hohenzollern - sigmaringen .
the carolingian empire and the caliphate of cordoba were great threats for vasconia during this period but the basques enjoyed some safety from the west , as the asturians were immersed in continuous dynastic conflicts .
it is pertinent to note in the context that in mahabharata , meghavahana as a dynastic name is found mentioned ( sabha parva , xiv , 13 ) while the same epic preserves detailed accounts regarding the activities of cedi dynasty .
the presence of constantius , eusebia and helena marked this as a dynastic display .
some of these kings were called abimelech , which was initially a name and later a dynastic title .
cassander ’s dynasty did not live much beyond his death , with his son philip dying of natural causes , and his other sons alexander and antipater becoming involved in a destructive dynastic struggle along with their mother .
he argued that a sense of nationality was the cement that held modern societies together in an age when dynastic and religious allegiance was in decline .
the invaders came at the invitation of nicomedes i of bithynia , who required help in a dynastic struggle against his brother .
le rosey has educated generations of dynastic families , including hohenzollerns , rothschilds , metternichs , borgheses , hohenlohes , and radziwiłłs .
list developed from south saxon charters and dynastic naming patterns .
quadratus , his adopted son and his sister were involved in lucilla ’s plot because they may had a dynastic dispute with commodus .
how all these were eventually changed to basilan is , as is the norm among most of the philippines ' place names , simple miscommunication between the natives and the spanish ( who probably meant well but heard wrong ) , royal dynastic politics in madrid , as well as the penchant to engage in editorial license by european map - makers of the aforesaid era .
they were opposed the idea of their father marrying sibila ; the marriage could cause dynastic problems that could imperil their rights in the line of succession .
for centuries , the myth of the míl éspaine and the milesians was used in ireland to win and secure dynastic and political legitimacy .
as magnates and members of the szlachta , their dynastic connections to the royal houses of europe were extensive , including lineages to the kings of france and modern spain .
it was apparently given to alfonso x of castile as a gift , either for his coronation in 1252 or as a dynastic exchange gift in 1266 or 1269 .
in modern usage , this royal line is frequently referred to as the georgian bagratids , a hellenized form of their dynastic name .
holbein 's cartoon for part of the dynastic tudor wall painting at whitehall reveals how he prepared for a large mural .
ferdinand 's 1469 marriage to isabella of castile brought about a dynastic union of the crown of aragon with castile .
the holy roman empire was in theory an elective monarchy , but from the 15th century onwards the electors often merely formalised what was a dynastic succession within the austrian house of habsburg , with the title usually passing to the eldest surviving son of the deceased emperor .
though he squandered the dynastic wealth , he also encouraged a rich cultural life with patronage of scholarship and poetry .
an order or order of merit is a visible honour , awarded by a government , dynastic house or international organization to an individual , usually in recognition of distinguished service to a nation or to humanity .
also referred to as the frenchman , he displays some characteristics of merovingian dynastic behavior .
the dynastic female heiress reckoned according to the original law of primogeniture of frederick iii was caroline of denmark ( 1793–1881 ) , the childless eldest daughter of the late king frederick vi .
king henry 's efforts to compensate somerset with offices worth 3,000 pounds only served to offend many and as his quarrel with york grew more personal , the dynastic situation got worse .
the increasing power and wealth of the pharaohs during the early dynastic period was reflected in their elaborate mastaba tombs and mortuary cult structures at abydos , which were used to celebrate the deified pharaoh after his death .
taspar 's death created a dynastic crisis in the khaganate .
due to military conquest and dynastic marriages the belarusian principalities were acquired by the expanding lithuania , beginning with the rule of lithuanian king mindaugas ( 1240–63 ) .
there were only a few periods in chinese history when china fought total wars against foreigners ( most notably the mongols , manchus , and japanese ) , whereas all other conflicts were mainly civil wars that led to dynastic changes .
a major step was taken by king charles vii , who created the " compagnies d'ordonnance "— cavalry units with 20 companies of 600 men each — and launched the first standing army for a dynastic state in the western world .
the site was heavily occupied during early dynastic times , primarily
for this reason , despite her title marie was not a member of the dynastic branch of the bonapartes who claimed the french imperial throne from exile .
only the perspicacious duchesse de maillé presented , in her " souvenirs " , the error of louis - philippe 's dynastic strategy .
this crime caused a dynastic crisis that the castilian and aragonese monarchs used to their benefit .
academics are varied whether the restoration was of value to delay the dynastic decline , or whether it brought its earlier , though unavoidable , occurrence .
china moved from qing dynastic rule to a warlord - dominated republic to a united front of the guomindang and chinese communist party in league against warlords and imperialism .
the dispute over the earldom of ross , a huge northern territory stretching from skye to inverness , was a complex affair , involving a mixture of national politics , family ambition and dynastic rivalry .
spain was formed as a nation state by the dynastic union of small christian kingdoms , augmented by the final campaigns of the reconquista against al - andaluz , the vanished country of islamic iberia .
despite changes in dynastic power , the magumi and the title of mai would persevere for over a thousand years .
sometimes also called the vučedol civilization , it was contemporary with the sumer period in mesopotamia , the early dynastic period in egypt and the early troy ( i and ii ) .
en - men - gal - ana of bad - tibira was the fourth pre - dynastic king of sumer ( before ca .
dynastic titles .
beatrix midant - reynes describes human sacrifice as having occurred at abydos in the early dynastic period ( c. 3150 - 2850 bce ) , while jan assmann asserts there is no clear evidence of human sacrifice ever happening in ancient egypt .
these two houses are about to unite through a dynastic marriage , their combined power potentially threatening the status quo , and several characters , including constantine , attempt to stop it .
ancient mesopotamian units of measurement originated in the loosely organized city - states of early dynastic sumer .
the pair then created " nikolai dante " , a swashbuckling adventure story set amid dynastic intrigue in a future russia , which debuted in " 2000 ad " in 1997 .
edward had also been accused of endowing his younger sons too liberally and thereby promoting dynastic strife culminating in the wars of the roses .
nonetheless , in general the princely style has gradually replaced the colonialist title of chief , which does not particularly connote dynastic rank to westerners , e.g. swazi royal family and zulu royal family .
according to legend , miliau was a good and just breton prince , put to death in a dynastic quarrel in the 6th or 9th century .
in the 11th century , the counts of barcelona formed a dynastic union with the kingdom of aragon , hence alfonso ii of aragon was the first count of barcelona to be crowned king of aragon , succeeding his mother petronila of aragon .
early dynastic period that monumental building occurred , including
it turned into the base of the banu qasi family of muladis , local magnates converted to islam that managed to be independent of the emirs , establishing an on - off alliance and close dynastic bonds with the kings of pamplona during the whole century .
non - dynastic princes .
when striggio completed the enormous mass setting , he carried it with him during a diplomatic trip across europe to strengthen the dynastic relation brought on by the recent marriage of francesco de ' medici to johanna of austria , who was a habsburg .
as a young monarch who had to fight two dynastic wars , she believed that her cause should be the cause of her subjects , but in her later years she came to understand that their cause must be hers .
dynastic struggle .
chinese historians of subsequent dynastic periods in china used his " shiji " as the official format for historical texts , as well as for biographical literature .
adherents of this proposal consider harald hardråde to be the actual dynastic founder .
various dynastic orders .
polychrome pottery from below the flood deposit have be dated to the jemdet nasr period that immediately preceded the early dynastic i period .
they were enfeoffed by the georgian crown with a duchy in the upper aragvi valley in northeast georgia , and grew influential enough to produce dynastic marriages with the royal house of georgia .
these reports , as preserved in the official han dynastic history and fragmentary , contain information not found anywhere else .
the conversion of the ecclesiastic see to a dynastic realm ruled by a protestant prince challenged the principle of ecclesiastical reservation , which was intended to preserve the ecclesiastical electorates from this very possibility .
in 220 , the han dynasty was finally overthrown by cao cao 's son cao pi , ending more than 400 years of han dynastic rule and ushering in the era of the three kingdoms .
copán was a major maya civilization center during the classic period of mesoamerican chronology , and altar q records a dynastic lineage for the copán - based polity in the maya script .
in 48 ce , after a dynastic conflict within the xiongnu confederacy , a contending shanyu hiloshy chjodi bi huhanye ( 48 - 56 ce ) , who was a son of uchjulu jodi shanyu ( 8 - 13 bce ) and a grandson of huhanye shanyu , split off and brought eight tribes of the western wing to china under a renewed peace and kinship treaty , creating a polity of southern xiongnu in vassalage to china , and a polity of northern xiongnu who maintained their independence .
his exact dynastic affiliations are unknown .
in february of 1701 , the french king caused the " parlement of paris " ( a court ) to register a decree that should louis himself have no heir that the duc d'anjou — phillip v of spain — would surrender the spanish throne for that of the french , ensuring dynastic continuity in europe 's greatest land power .
french demands on victor amadeus , and their determination to prevent the duke from achieving his dynastic aims , were nothing less than an attack on savoyard independence , convincing the duke that he had to stand up to french aggression .
during the times of dynastic troubles ( such as the years of ivan iv 's minority ) , boyardom constituted an internal force which was a permanent threat to the throne .
eadfrith being a dynastic rival of oswald — has been suggested .
this was favored by empress dowager dou as well , but opposed by officials , who believed such a move would bring instability to dynastic succession .
upon viserys ' death after a long and prosperous reign , a dynastic struggle occurred between his two children that would later be termed the dance of the dragons .
he promised the members that if he had total control of the wu - tang empire , he would " take them to the top " , and conquer the hip - hop world within a dynastic cycle .
amid the dynastic struggles following the battle of ankara and the death of sultan bayezid i , musa çelebi appointed bedreddin chief military judge ( قاضی عسکر kazasker ) .
in 1523 , a dynastic struggle occurred in kengtung .
there may be evidence of retainer sacrifice in the early dynastic period at abydos , when on the death of a king he would be accompanied with servants , and possibly high officials , who would continue to serve him in eternal life .
at méréville lucien met laborde 's beautiful mistress alexandrine jacob de bleschamp , fell completely in love with her and married her in june 1803 , occasioning a long - lasting chill in laborde 's relations with napoleon , whose dynastic aspirations did not include the daughter of an " agent de change " for sister - in - law and who suspected laborde of complicity in the liaison .
whether the horseman was a dynastic emblem or a portrait of the king as a cavalleryman is unclear .
determined on european peace for their own dynastic securities – called on both parties to recognise each other 's sovereignty .
those were divided into odilon barrot 's dynastic left ( " gauche dynastique " ) , which requested the enlargement of electoral cens to the petty bourgeoisie and had as mouthpiece " le siècle " ; the center - left , headed by adolphe thiers , which aimed at restricting the royal prerogatives and influence , and which had as mouthpiece " le constitutionnel " ; the conservatives , headed by guizot and count molé , who wanted to preserve the regime and defended their ideas in " le journal des débats " and " la presse " .
korean records , probably based on the dynastic chronicles of silla , record that saro - guk was established in 57 bce , when six small villages in the gyeongju area united under bak hyeokgose , the kingdom 's first ruler .
surface finds are predominantly early dynastic .
initially a hereditary title of governors ( eristavi ) of guria since the mid-13th century , gurieli ( literally , " of guria " ) was adopted as a dynastic name by the vardanisdze family ( ვარდანისძე ) , hereditary rulers of svaneti ( a highland province in western georgia ) .
this is frequently a family business which can grow into a dynastic one : numbered among mirecourt 's lutherie dynasties have been the aldric , lupot , langonet , gand , bernard , jacquot , nicolas , mougenot , charotte , apparut , hilaire , collin , laberte , magnié , peccate , bazin , ouchard and vuillaume families including , most famously , jean - baptiste vuillaume 1798 - 1875 .
in 195 al a long - simmering dynastic crisis exploded into civil war .
virgilius has guessed that facertes has fallen in love with sophia ; and virgilius has developed a plan for peace between rome and sicily , through a dynastic marriage between himself and cicilia .
laurel kennedy 's rule was undermined by the lack of an heir , so she tried to arrange a suitable dynastic marriage for her daughter , crystal .
death of theodoric and dynastic disputes .
catherine looked to further valois interests by grand dynastic marriages .
an emirate is a political territory that is ruled by a dynastic muslim monarch styled emir .
the wars of the roses were a series of bloody dynastic civil wars between supporters of the rival houses of lancaster and york for the throne of england .
christian - sigismund will remain georg friedrich 's heir unless georg friedrich fathers a dynastic son .
whether they were blood relatives of the merovingians , frankish envoys turned dynastic rulers or local non - frankish rulers is still a matter of debate .
the ottoman state was muslim , dynastic and medieval in its organizing principles .
blue frit has also been uncovered in the royal tombs at ur from the early dynastic iii period .
on an unknown date between 1119 and 1121 , she married as his first wife , frederick ii , duke of swabia ( 1090- 6 april 1147 ) ; this dynastic marriage united the house of welf and the house of hohenstaufen , the two most powerful and influential families in germany .
throughout dynastic and roman egypt , the asp was a symbol of royalty .
he abandoned his predecessors ' policy of keeping out of the wars of the other greek kingdoms , and plunged into the third syrian war with the seleucids of syria , when his sister , queen berenice , and her son were murdered in a dynastic dispute .
the french and indian wars is a name used in the united states for a series of conflicts in north america that represented colonial events related to the european dynastic wars .
neither of the spellings defined a hierarchy among the habsburg dynastic kingdoms , principalities , duchies , and other bodies politic .
the war precipitated the collapse of older forms of government , including empires and dynastic states .
in the last years of his reign , danylo engaged in dynastic politics , marrying a son and a daughter to the offspring of mindaugas of lithuania and acquiring territorial concessions in poland from the latter .
nordleda belonged to the land of hadeln , first an exclave of the younger duchy of saxony and after its de facto dynastic partition in 1296 of the duchy of saxe - lauenburg , established de jure in 1260 .
as was often the case with dynastic marriages , she was given no choice by her parents , who wanted to secure a good position for her .
the political and dynastic history that led to the ascendence of kraków as the royal capital are complex , but for most of the middle ages and the renaissance the wawel hill remained the seat of national government .
other dynastic habsburg use .
the malay prince was married to a khmer princess who had fled an angkorian dynastic bloodbath .
although he was defeated and killed in battle and replaced by a dynastic rival , his line was eventually restored to power in the 630s .
the court annals noted that " after tran cao entered the capital and the tan mieu ( the dynastic temple ) was sacked , after [ nguyen hoang du 's army ] rebelled and the capital was deserted " , they wrote , " seeing this was enough to know that the le could no longer prosper " .
only a year later , ferdinand joined the holy league against france , seeing a chance at taking both naples — to which he held a dynastic claim — and navarre , which was claimed through his marriage to germaine of foix .
dynastic era .
according to the vice - chancellor for the foreign delegation of the royal brotherhood of the order of saint michael of the wing , " [ t]he order is thus dynastic and similar to the order of the most holy annunciation , order of saints maurice and lazarus and order of the immaculate conception of vila viçosa which all have royal brotherhoods as active social compliments to the honorific decorations and titles bestowed . "
it is believed , therefore , that this coronation was a break in the dynastic line , and probably k'inich ahkal nab ' arrived to power after years of maneuvering and forging political alliances .
dynastic histories were often written , beginning with sima qian 's seminal " records of the historian " , which was written from 109 bc to 91 bc .
since louis ix showed little interest in his children , it was vital to get louisa married off and a matter also in the hands of her mother , becoming known as the " great landgräfin " and von zweibrücken due to her expert international dynastic politics in ancien regime europe .
modern egyptologists have a number of competing hypotheses to explain conjectured " proto - dynastic " events that presumably led to the unification under the first dynasty .
the term " quauhtlatoani " refers to " provisional , interim , or at least non - dynastic rulers " .
while jagiełło and jadwiga initially ruled over both poland and lithuania , eventually they ceded the throne of the grand duchy of lithuania to jagiełło 's paternal cousin , vytautas the great , affirming the status of lithuania as a separate state , in a dynastic union with poland .
the princess sophia 's dowry included properties assuring an income of 100,000 thalers annually , which lead to george louis , duke of brunswick - lüneburg ( the future george i of great britain ) , marrying his first cousin sophia dorothea of celle — when both were pressed into the arrangement by his mother— and that german ducal dynastic move accidentally gave the couple the inside track on the protestant throne of england .
another point of contention in the gulf was the bahraini claim to zubarah on the northwest coast of qatar and to hawar and the adjacent islands forty kilometers south of zubarah , claims that stem from former tribal areas and dynastic struggles .
the dynastic principle was established so firmly that the emperor who died in that year , theodosius i , could bequeath the imperial office jointly to his sons : arcadius in the east and honorius in the west .
most historians are agreed that there was no romance involved , and that dynastic politics were at the base of the dispute .
article 2 of the constitution of japan provides that " the imperial throne shall be dynastic and succeeded to in accordance with the imperial household law passed by the diet . "
they probably indicate to the dynastic connection between henry i. and the house of andechs .
in his capacity as chancellor , he urged charles v to create a dynastic empire with the object of establishing global rule ( " dominium mundi " ) .
however the dynastic race theory had always accepted that the original people of ancient egypt were “ of predominantly negroid type ” , and the debate was really about whether or not the
the gerzean culture , named after the site of gerzeh , was the next stage in egyptian cultural development , and it was during this time that the foundation for dynastic egypt was laid .
dynastic origin .
the later rulers of the dál naraidi adopted the dynastic surname ua loingsig ( ó loingsigh ) , anglicized lynch .
she was a good dynastic match for vratislav , as he profited from the alliance with her father .
he was the son of gorboduc and his death began a dynastic civil war .
however , new evidence on the wadi gasus graffito published by claus jurman in 2006 has now redated the carving the famous wadi gasus graffito to the 25th dynastic nubian period entirely ( rather than to the libyan era ) and demonstrates that they pertain to amenirdis i and shepenupet ii based on palaegraphic and other evidence at karnak rather than the libyan shepenupet i and the nubian amenirdis i. jurman notes that no monumental evidence from the temple of osiris heqadjet or karnak depict shepenupet i associated with piye 's daughter , amenirdis i. another alternative that the year 19 wadi gasus ruler was a certain shoshenq vii , a new unknown ruler was proposed by g. broekman in a paper based on nile level text no.3 which is dated to year 5 of a theban king who ruled after osorkon iii .
the " king on a pracing horse " is characteristic of the contemporary greek kings in the eastern punjab such as hippostratos , and it has been suggested that the coin represented a marital alliance between the two dynastic lines .
during the dynastic time , xẩm was popular in the northern region of vietnam .
it was used extensively for hunting fowl through much of egypt 's dynastic period .
during the bourbon restoration ( 1874–1931 ) , carried out by the traditional and dynastic parties represented by cánovas del castillo and mateo sagasta , a large portion of the workers ' movement united around the spanish socialist workers ' party as a political force , and around the unión general de trabajadores ( ugt , " workers ' general union " ) for collective bargaining purposes .
this relies on dynastic marriage to hold together the links between dynasties .
further east , the military history of china , specifically northern china , held a long tradition of intense military exchange between han chinese infantry forces of the settled dynastic empires and the mounted nomads or " barbarians " of the north .
in 1137 , when aragon and the county of barcelona merged by dynastic union by the marriage of raymond berengar iv of barcelona and petronila of aragon , these titles were finally borne by only one person when their son alfonso ii of aragon ascended to the throne in 1162 .
its political programme included achieving universal male suffrage - achieved in 1890 - , liberty of religious association and the separation of powers ; although it could be classified as a dynastic party , it included at the start of the 20th century some politicians who would later be banned from the military as republicans , such as niceto alcalá zamora .
chinese ceramic ware is an artform that has been developing since the dynastic periods .
nevertheless , they did maintain vigorous mercantile and dynastic connections with their homeland .
the title grand duke ( ) ranks in honor below king but higher in diplomatic precedence than a sovereign duke or princewho are presumptively out of the line of succession and so always subordinate to the members of the dynastic familythe titles of grand duke or grand duchess thus indicate someone in the line of succession for the higher office ( king or emperor ) .
the dynastic tag " juansheriani " appears in the name of the 8th - century prince ( eristavi ) juansher ( fl . c. 790 - 800 ) , or " juansher juansheriani , husband of a niece of st. archil " , to whom a note in the text of the queen anne and queen mary codices of the georgian chronicles attributes the work " the life of king vakhtang gorgasali " which covers the history of iberia from the reign of vakhtang i ( c. 447 - 502/522 ) down to the period of st. archil ( c. 736 - 786 ) .
a high - born woman sent as a hostage - wife to a foreign king was repeatedly given the epithet " weaver of peace " , linking the woman 's art and the familiar role of a woman as a dynastic pawn .
according to dynastic historians such as ngô sĩ liên and lê văn hưu , đỗ anh vũ was a skilled but arrogant official who profited his position , that came from his intimate relation with the empress mother lê thị , to purge other opponents in the royal court by ruthless method .
these formidable acquisitions made david the most influential ruler in the caucasus , enabling him to interfere in and arbitrate dynastic disputes in both georgia and armenia .
the act was seen by some ( starting with his brother and the cadet bourbon branches ) as illegal on various counts , and formed the basis for the dynastic carlist party , which only recognized the semi - salic succession law that gave infante carlos precedence over ferdinand 's daughter , the future isabella ii .
in 554 , granada and southernmost hispania baetica were lost to representatives of the byzantine empire ( to form the province of spania ) who had been invited in to help settle a visigothic dynastic struggle , but who stayed on , as a hoped - for spearhead to a " reconquest " of the far west envisaged by emperor justinian i.
under the dynastic laws after 1636 , all han chinese in the banner system were forced to wear a queue and dress in manchurian " qipao " instead of traditional han chinese clothing ( 剃发易服 ) , under penalty of death .
negotiations followed at mesembria , which proved successful : not only was peace agreed upon , but the links between byzantium and bulgaria were to be strengthened by a dynastic marriage of tsar peter with maria lekapena , the emperor 's granddaughter .
however , umberto ii did not abdicate his position as " fons honorum " and it remained under his grand mastership as a dynastic order .
many chinese concepts such as yin and yang , qi , four pillars of destiny in relation to heaven and earth were all theorized in the dynastic periods .
vases of hard stone have been disinterred at tello similar to those of the early dynastic period of egypt .
with over 7,000 of years history and many historical monuments including tappeh hessar which belongs to the median ( 728 - 550 bce ) , parthians ( 248 - 224 ce ) ) and sassanid ( 224 - 651 ce ) dynastic periods — the tarikhaneh was built as a fire temple during the sassanid dynasty and converted into a mosque after the advent of islam and many other historical buildings belonging to seljuks and other periods — damghan has witnessed many historical epoches .
some greeks are offended by anne - marie being referred to as " anne - marie of greece " , instead preferring the use of her dynastic name and referring to her as " anna - maria glücksburg " , a name she has never used for herself .
subsequent to the accession as head of the house of orléans and pretender by his brother prince henri , count of paris , duke of france in 1999 , his wife and children were recognized as fully dynastic members of the royal house with commensurate styles and titles .
archaic egyptian is the stage of the egyptian language spoken during the early dynastic period , which lasted up to about 2600 bc .
these missions are not well recorded in the ming dynastic history , but an important source on them is two stone steles erected by yishiha at the site of the yongning temple ( chinese:永宁寺 ) , a guanyin temple commissioned by him at telin .
the long - planned dynastic marriage finally occurred on 21 august 1745 at saint petersburg .
ishaq came to power in a long dynastic struggle following the death of the long - ruling askia daoud .
the dynastic change from the goryeo to the joseon was a relatively peaceful one .
the death of louis ii as he fled the battle marked the end of the jagiellon dynasty , whose dynastic claims were absorbed by the habsburgs via the marriage of louis 's sister .
despite repeated dynastic change in china , the title of duke yansheng was bestowed upon successive generations of descendants until it was abolished by the nationalist government in 1935 .
with no children of his own , he wished his niece to marry louis - antoine , duc d'angoulême , his nephew and her cousin , who would be the eventual dynastic heir to the throne of france .
in the 16th century dynastic struggles sent the church into schism , resulting in the formation of two rival churches .
upon his death , his son , ali ibn muhammad musha'sha'iya , took over as leader of the sect , which began a dynastic line of succession .
within the official chinese dynastic twenty - four histories , japan is mentioned among the so - called " dongyi " 東夷 " eastern barbarians " .
the " perumpadapu grandavari " contains an additional account of the dynastic origins : the last " thavazhi " of " perumpadapu swaroopam " came into existence on the " kaliyuga " day " shodashangamsurajyam " .
in 1969 vladimir , foreseeing in his opinion an almost inevitable extinction of the male dynastic line he proclaimed his daughter maria vladimirovna the future " curatrix of the throne " , implying that she would ultimately succeed .
the gida house of the dynastic ‘ " aboona family"’.
at the onset of his reign , aethelwold held east anglia by dynastic right .
mamluk history is divided into two periods based on different dynastic lines : the bahri mamluks ( 1250–1382 ) of qipchaq turkic origin from southern russia , named after the location of their barracks on the nile and the burji mamluks ( 1382–1517 ) of caucasian circassian origin , who were quartered in the citadel .
beginning in the early sixth century , civil wars and dynastic strife undermined funan 's stability .
the position of boniface was that prior authorization had always been required , and the clergy had not been taxed for purely secular and dynastic warfare .
dynastic relationships .
since early dynastic times , egyptians had been interested in nubia , an area very rich in gold .
he was the son of the most powerful king of ebla , ibrium , and the first to succeed in a dynastic line , breaking with the tradition of an elected 7 year rule .
during china ’s dynastic period , emperors planned the city of beijing and arranged the residential areas according to the social classes of the zhou dynasty ( 1027 - 256 bc ) .
in 1961 elias ' son duke robert ii of parma recognised the marriage between xavier and madeleine as dynastic regarding the succession to the ducal throne of parma .
it was the writing of the pre - dynastic qín state which would later be imposed as the unified standard for all of china , so the stone drum inscriptions are an invaluable piece of the still fragmentary puzzle which is the family tree of the chinese script .
the economic prosperity continued under the bourbon rulers , who had replaced the habsburgs as the dynastic rulers of the kingdom of naples by the 18th century as a result of the war of the spanish succession .
at a time when most european countries were headed toward centralization , absolute monarchy and religious and dynastic warfare , the commonwealth experimented with decentralization , confederation and federation , democracy , religious tolerance and even pacifism .
in 1284 they lured michael , the son of john doukas of thessaly , to epirus with the promise of a dynastic alliance , and had him arrested and sent off to constantinople .
david hawkins was able to trace a dynastic link between the hittite imperial dynasty and the " great kings " and " country - lords " of melid and karkamish of the early iron age , proving an uninterrupted continuity between the late bronze age and the early iron age at those sites .
there were also 12 ceramic incense burners with lids modeled into human figurines , thought to represent smoke imix and his 11 dynastic predecessors .
gifted astronomer / astrologers were recruited as officials to work in imperial courts during the dynastic eras .
alastaneli ( , " of / from alastani " ) was a title of the georgian dynastic princes ruling over the province of javakheti from their castle at alastani in the 13th and 14th centuries .
dynastic changes are marked with a white line .
he was the third son of the dynastic founder emperor wu ( liu yu ) .
in the intervening years , he formally succeeded his father to the throne and received investiture and the dynastic family name " shang " ( 尚 , " shō " in japanese or okinawan ) from the ming court .
robb and catelyn win house frey 's support by agreeing to a dynastic marriage , among numerous other concessions .
the dynasty was originally titled the later jin dynasty ( 後金 ) , in reference to its jurchen origins , by nurhaci in 1616 , but in 1636 huang taiji opted to replace this title with the chinese dynastic title qing ( 清 ) , meaning " pure " .
the abamelik were a non - dynastic patrician family in tbilisi , claiming descent from the kurdish princes of agsend that settled in georgia in 1421 .
¹ this line replaces the original one in the song version where it says " the seventeen dynastic histories ... 十七史 ... " .
remains are from the ubaid period , with an early dynastic temple
stupinigi was the preferred building to be used for celebrations and dynastic weddings by members of the house of savoy .
charles v became king in 1516 , and the history of spain became even more firmly enmeshed with the dynastic struggles in europe .
the monument represents the triumph of jagiello , who was one of the most famous kings in the histories of poland and lithuania , and the creator of the dynastic union of poland and lithuania , at the medieval battle of grunwald in 1410 .
her union with lugh 's father , cian of the tuatha dé danann , is presented in early texts as a simple dynastic marriage , but later folkore preserves a more involved tale , similar to the birth of perseus in greek mythology .
as the arms mixed with the white of the flag , it was " fimbriated azure " , blue being the dynastic colour .
the house of candia also called " candida " in latin is a european dynastic house , originally from " castrum candiaco " in the dauphiné of the nobility of savoy and piemont , descendants of burgundians and lombards and related to the norman dynasty from the seat at the baronnie de candé and latter through their union to the hautville of the house of ventimiglia or altavilla , that traditionally had domains in piedmont and the kingdoms of italy .
hyllus , a perseid , was driven from the state of mycenae into exile after the death of heracles by a dynastic rival , eurystheus , another
scholars such as dierk lange attribute the decline of ancient ghana to numerous unrelated factors , only one of which can be likely attributable to internal dynastic struggles that were instigated by almalvorid influence and islamic pressures , but devoid of any military conversion and conquest .
dominant themes of the novel include : the rise and fall of the ideal liege ( liu bei ) finding the ideal minister ( zhuge liang ) ; the conflict between the ideal liege ( liu bei ) and the consummate villain ( cao cao ) ; and the cruelties and injustice of feudal or dynastic government .
this heir is non - dynastic in the russian sense , but the house of oldenburg had no full limitations against unequal marriages , and schleswig , where the ( once sovereign ) schloss gottorf is located , was never part of holy roman empire and under its jurisdiction .
this attempt at dynastic diplomacy eventually foundered .
claude , the pawn of so much dynastic maneuvering , was short in stature and afflicted with scoliosis , which gave her a hunched back .
as there was no offspring , the king had many concerns for dynastic obligations .
however , after raymond died in 1107 , urraca ’s father contracted with alfonso i of aragon , known as the batallador , for a dynastic marriage between him and urraca , opening the opportunity for uniting león - castile with aragón .
though dynastic succession is expected , killing the current emperor and taking power is a perfectly legitimate means of ascending to the throne which has no gender restriction on who may occupy it ..
dai yokohama , the hero known as ultimon comes from a dynastic line of super sentai dedicated to fighting kaiju , known as the ultimon society .
dynastic egyptians before 2000 bc imported olive oil from crete , syria and canaan and oil was an important item of commerce and wealth .
cyril and vladimir held that the marriage of prince michael andreevitch 's parents was not dynastic and that michael had no succession rights to the russian throne .
the history of portugal from the dynastic crisis in 1578 to the first braganza dynasty monarchs is a period of transition .
modern descendents of the chupanids in iran today share the dynastic surname " amir chupani " and are primarily found in the north , south , and razavi khorasan provinces , especially in the area of mashhad .
founded by kublai khan , who adopted the chinese dynastic name of yüan in 1271 .
in the early dynastic period high temples began to include a ziggurat , a series of platforms creating a stepped pyramid .
according to the scriptures , this god went through a series of " kalpa " cycles that were given names similar to dynastic names , until emerging at the beginning of the " kaihuang " period .
in the spring of 1911 , tatiana konstantinovna became engaged to prince konstantin alexandrovich bagration - mukhransky ( 2 march 1889 , tbilisi , - 19 may 1915 , jarosław ) , a georgian by birth who was serving in a russian imperial guards regiment , and died in world war i. she was to be the first daughter of the romanovs to openly marry a russian subject or non - dynastic prince since the dynasty ascended the throne in 1613 .
in order to strengthen his dynastic power , he married his daughter liselotte to philip i , duke of orléans , the brother of louis xiv , king of france .
ninevite 5 and early dynastic iii periods , then sporadically
intra - dynastic marriage .
the latter was able to use this tax and a dynastic marriage to his advantage to gain back full control of upper alsace ( apart from the free towns , but including belfort ) in 1477 when it became part of the demesne of the habsburg family , who were also rulers of the empire .
the earliest dynastic king on the sumerian king list whose name is known from any other legendary source is etana , 13th king of the first dynasty of kish .
as reigning princess , however , caroline would re - assume her dynastic maiden name of grimaldi , pursuant to article i of the principality 's 2002 law on the sovereign family .
stone , clay and glass were used to make vases , and vases of hard stone have been dug up at telloh similar to those of the early dynastic period of egypt .
in 1515 , during a congress in vienna , a dynastic succession arrangement was agreed to between maximilian i , holy roman emperor and the jagiellon brothers , vladislas ii of bohemia and hungary and sigismund i of poland and lithuania .
for example , after the county of barcelona merged with the kingdom of aragón , to create the crown of aragon in 1137 through a dynastic union , the system was designed to mutually check both the king 's and nobility 's powers , while the small but growing numbers of free citizens and bourgeoisie would tactically take sides with the king in order to diminish typically feudal institutions .
it is common in many cultures for a ruling class to practice polygamy as a way of preserving dynastic succession .
taking into account that the most divisions of that time , if not dynastic , were the religious divisions and the relationship between the catholic and the eastern orthodox branches of christianities were strained at best , it remains surprising that such an idea was seriously considered at all .
since almost 1,000 years and the " shiji " , standard chinese dynastic histories primarily divided chapters between annals ( 紀 ) of rulers , and biographies ( 傳 ) of officials .
thus the fen frontier became significantly aligned between etheldreda 's estate and peterborough , embodying the dynastic alliances of kent , mercia , east anglia and northumbria , under the religious authority of canterbury .
the dynastic feuds did not end there : on malcolm 's death in battle , his brother donald ban claimed the throne , expelling malcolm 's sons from scotland ; a civil war in the family ensued , with donald ban and malcolm 's son edmund opposed by malcolm 's english - backed sons , led first by duncan ii and then by edgar .
sumerian history reaches back to the 26th century bc and before , but the historical record remains obscure until the early dynastic iii period , ca .
the imperial concubine wenxiu divorced puyi in tientsin , which was the first time in chinese dynastic history that an imperial concubine divorced an emperor .
although there were several dynastic relations between the emperors of both parts , they also often were adversaries .
patricia ann berger writes that yongle 's courting and granting of titles to lamas was his attempt to " resurrect the relationship between china and tibet established earlier by the yuan dynastic founder khubilai khan and his guru phagpa . "
by creating spectacular tombs for his immediate ancestors as well as himself and placing them at the heart of the capetian royal necropolis , charles was seeking to assert the authority of the new valois dynasty as the rightful inheritors of the french crown - his burgundian cousins began a new dynastic necropolis at champmol a decade later .
however , the ( icoc ) , presided over by classifies the order under " other institutions of chivalric character - ancient chivalric institutions , originally founded as orders , subsequently revived by the dynastic successor of the founding authority . "
on the death of clotaire iii in 673 , a dynastic struggle ensued , with rival claimants as pawns ; ebroin raised theoderic to the throne , but leodegar and the other bishops supported the claims of his elder brother childeric ii , who , by the help of the austrasians and burgundians , was eventually made king .
today , dynastic orders include those still bestowed by a reigning monarch , those bestowed by a head of a royal house in exile , and those that have become extinct .
a tradition developed that the early dynastic cemetery was the burial place of osiris and the tomb of djer was reinterpreted as that of osiris .
the name appears on the necropolis seals for the first dynasty pharaohs den and qa'a , and a temple dating back to pre - dynastic times was founded in abydos for this god .
