james finally died at theobalds house on 27 march during a violent attack of dysentery , with buckingham at his bedside .
suffering from malaria and dysentery , all the men decide to make their way to isurava , where the remainder of the 39th are fighting a desperate battle .
amoebic dysentery is most common in developing countries although it is occasionally seen in industrialized countries , and not just in travelers .
he was forced to abandon the island upon an outbreak of bacillary dysentery among his troops .
at gallipoli the 1st newfoundland regiment faced snipers , artillery fire and severe cold , as well as the trench warfare hazards of cholera , dysentery , typhus , gangrene and trench foot .
while returning , he became ill with dysentery and died at bella coola .
they also show that the main cause of death were various illnesses and epidemics ( influenza , typhus , cholera and dysentery ) , noting that these diseases also took a heavy toll among fighting soldiers and the civilian population ..
terms of hard malnutrition resulted in an acute impairment of health , that had grown worse due to the spread of dysentery .
but by 1865 , typhoid fever , typhus , dysentery , diarrhea , cholera , smallpox , measles , and malaria would claim more lives than gunshot .
however , despite being one of the better hotels in shanghai , the lack of internal plumbing was known to cause death to some guests , including members of the japanese ship " senzai maru " who stayed at the astor house hotel for ten weeks in 1862 : " three crew members died , at least one from dysentery contracted as a result of inadvertently imbibing the filthy waters of the wusong river in which everything they consumed had been washed .
in december 1914 , a tropical medical expedition was sent to work with turkish sanitary units in palestine to combat epidemics of typhoid , typhus , dysentery and cholera .
at this point , with most of the team suffering from dysentery and the leadership not permitting the team to travel by air , some of the raaf personnel felt that hassett should be removed from the captaincy , with miller as one of the candidates to replace him .
while studying in hare school , he suffered from a severe attack of dysentery , which hampered his health throughout his life .
further , tea helped alleviate some of the consequences of the urbanization that accompanied the industrial revolution : drinking tea required boiling one 's water , thereby killing water - borne diseases like dysentery , cholera , and typhoid .
despite repeated european attempts , especially by the portuguese , central and southern africa had not been crossed by europeans at that latitude owing to their susceptibility to malaria , dysentery and sleeping sickness which was prevalent in the interior and which also prevented use of draught animals ( oxen and horses ) , as well as to the opposition of powerful chiefs and tribes , such as the lozi , and the lunda of mwata kazembe .
augustine 's father died of dysentery before the war ended .
processed the homeward - bound marines for dysentery , malaria , or any other parasites contracted at the front .
drummond was evacuated later that year , suffering from dysentery .
auguste died of dysentery in 1800 , prompting many to blame schelling , who had overseen her treatment .
torrential rain continued to the 11th of february , in mozambiques limpopo valley , the banks of the limpopo river burst , causing severe flood damage ; residents of the area are struck with dysentery .
on the way he suffered from dysentery and roxburgh who was at samalkot visited him .
( emergency relief services often distribute inexpensive packets of sugars and mineral salts that can be mixed with clean water and used to restore lifesaving fluids in dehydrated children gravely ill from dysentery . )
however , in 1611 , he contracted dysentery , one of the many infectious diseases spread in the new world by europeans .
" the african queen " was shot mostly on location in africa , where almost all the cast and crew suffered from malaria and dysentery — except director john huston and bogart , neither of whom ever drank any water .
according to dr douglas , each one was affected by fever and dysentery .
the combination of bacteriophages and large populations of people bathing in the river have apparently produced a self - purification effect , in which water - bourne bacteria such as dysentery and cholera are killed off , preventing large - scale epidemics .
adults may vector pathogens of diseases such as dysentery .
for example , dysentery and nosebleeds occur in the spring and summer because this is when the blood is at its hottest .
pneumonia , tuberculosis and dysentery are omnipresent in the depressed regions where leishmaniasis thrives , and , as with aids , it is these opportunistic infections that are more likely to kill , flaring up in a host whose immune system has been weakened by the " l. donovani " infection .
the hualapai began to surrender as whooping cough and dysentery weakened their ranks ; they were led by chief leve leve of the yavapai peoples .
in the course of the innings , harvey had to overcome a fever , dysentery and physical illness , which forced him to leave six times to recompose himself .
during a harrowing retreat out of tibet , teresa was so ill from dysentery that she had to be carried for 1,200 miles .
amoebic dysentery can be treated with metronidazole but must be followed up with a second lumenal drug to eliminate amoebae from the intestine ( see amoebiasis for more detail ) .
outbreaks of water - borne diseases such as diarrhoea , dysentery , hepatitis , and typhoid among the more than 50% of keralites who rely on 3 million water wells is a problem worsened by the widespread lack of sewers .
despite the betrayals and the setbacks he had faced in his last years , frederick died peacefully , wearing the habit of a cistercian monk , on 13 december 1250 in castel fiorentino near lucera , in puglia , after an attack of dysentery .
these living conditions led to most marines contracting tropical diseases such as malaria , dysentery , dengue fever , or fungal infections .
in addition to being tortured and starved , these men contracted dysentery and beriberi as a result of the poor conditions under which they were confined .
by the age of six , she had suffered through dysentery and a serious bout of pneumonia , and began taking dance lessons —despite the strain on the family finances — to build her strength .
the lack of sanitation facilities led to spread of diseases such as dysentery and cholera , further weakening the defenders .
during production , john wayne fell sick from dysentery and was nearly replaced as the lead .
however , economic necessities , ongoing warfare , outbreaks of cholera and dysentery , and their overwhelming numbers made education both a dangerous and difficult endeavor .
even the mattresses that prisoners slept on were often infested with lice , diphtheria , dysentery or t.b.
fifteen more of the new arrivals died on the island due to dysentery , diarrhoea and typhoid , leaving only 463 survivors , before they were released from the island on 9 august 1879 .
and they suffered from the " gallipoli gallop " , dysentery .
hardaway became ill with dysentery , missing the gettysburg campaign .
in the pamphlets written concerning the sale by dr william cockburn ( 1669–1739 ) of his secret remedy for dysentery and other fluxes , it was stated for the defence that sloane himself did not disdain the same kind of professional conduct ; and some colour is given to that charge by the fact that his only medical publication , an " account of a medicine for soreness , weakness and other distempers of the eyes " ( london , 1745 ) was not given to the world until its author was in his eighty - fifth year and had retired from practice .
in dhanvantari samhita , dhanvantari writes that when the jatharagni ( digestive fire ) alternates from digesting food completely and from producing symptoms such as colic , eructations , diarrhoea , heaviness in or rumbling in the abdomen , wind in the intestines , or dysentery , vishamagni is present .
most of the casualties suffered during this campaign were from malaria , dysentery and malnutrition .
however he contracted dysentery while in chile and never played a game with maurice norman and bobby moore playing as centre backs .
in the days after the storm , contaminated floodwaters resulted in cases of dysentery .
the accommodation was usually poor and the food was lacking in nutrition leading to dysentery and scurvy .
cuzens died of dysentery the following year .
three species are associated with bacillary dysentery : " shigella sonnei , shigella flexneri " and " shigella dysenteriae " .
the remaining colonists suffered from dysentery and venereal diseases , and people died daily .
also the amount of dysentery from men trading cigarettes for contaminated figs , oranges , dates and nuts were numerous because of the unsanitary handling of the food by the peasants .
among schaudinn 's other contributions to medicine include his work in the field of amoebic dysentery and sleeping sickness , his confirmation of the work of sir ronald ross and giovanni battista grassi ( 1854 - 1925 ) in the field of malaria research .
the men died of dysentery and smallpox , and very few returned to tokelau .
he reported that several of the asylum seekers were unconscious , and others were suffering from dysentery , statements that were later disputed .
aids , malaria , tuberculosis and dysentery are the leading causes of disease - related death .
thirteen men died there of preventable diseases such as dysentery and scurvy .
all these schemes enjoyed only limited success , and the average daily diet of 1,000 calories was insufficient to maintain a good standard of health , resulting by 1917 in widespread disorders caused by malnutrition such as scurvy , tuberculosis , and dysentery .
dysentery is a condition resulting from a combination of long periods of inability to make " cleansing flights " ( generally due to cold weather ) and food stores which contain a high proportion of indigestible matter .
as temperatures began to drop below freezing , colds and dysentery set in , reducing the effectiveness of the force .
there were fears that sewage could infiltrate the water supply , leading to typhoid fever , cholera and dysentery .
into this awe - inspiring scene with its oppressive heat by day and bitter cold at night , place the infantryman clad in jungle greens , the only clothes he possesses ; on his shoulders fit his pack ; fill his basic pouches with ammunition ; in his had the rifle , bren gun or mortar ; feed him with bully beef , biscuits and water ; assail him with dysentery , malaria and mite bites which constantly itch .
from 1889 until 1892 he worked as a bacteriologist in naples , and in 1892 travelled to egypt to perform research on dysentery .
browning was very ill and dickason almost crippled by dysentery .
he died more than a year after arrival , having caught dysentery so that he could do little there , besides a few minor activities that were only intermittently successful .
being unhygienic , it results to pollution and can spread diseases like hill dysentery .
duke frederick augustus died of dysentery on 6 august 1716 in gochsheim .
under severe food rationing from japanese kempeitai marauding of civilian food supplies , both babies suffered from malnutrition , malaria and dysentery .
in 1875 , fedor lösch described the first proven case of amoebic dysentery in st petersburg , russia .
a variety of sicknesses were endemic , including dysentery , typhoid fever , malaria , and other fevers .
most old wives ' tales are false and are used to discourage unwanted behavior , usually in children , or for folk cures for ailments ranging from a toothache to dysentery .
by 8 april gray could n't walk and he died on 17 april of dysentery at a place they called polygonum swamp .
after a period of fighting in the heat , sand and flies he became ill with dysentery and was sent to hospital in malta to recover .
she stayed with the nidevers upon her return to civilization , but contracted dysentery and died only a few weeks later .
he suffered a bout of yellow fever around january 1796 and died of dysentery in march .
manning 's last years were also made difficult by physical deterioration ; arthritis increasingly affected her , leading hip replacements in 1976 and in 1979 , and she suffered ongoing poor health related to amoebic dysentery caught in the middle east .
specifically , the root is used to stop bloody dysentery , nosebleeds , and is applied topically to treat burns and insect bites .
one significant liberty that is taken is the treatment of galileo 's daughter virginia gamba ( sister maria celeste ) , who , rather than becoming engaged , was considered unmarriageable by her father and confined to a convent from the age of thirteen ( the bulk of the play ) , and , further , died of dysentery shortly after her father 's recantation .
he passed into the colonial administrative service , and served for two years as assistant district commissioner in the uganda protectorate , where he contracted severe amoebic dysentery .
brady was eventually given a larger force but was stricken with dysentery in july and did not participate further in the war .
count john i of holland died at haarlem in the same year , on 10 november , childless and only fifteen years old , reportedly of dysentery , but there were suspicions he was murdered .
moreover , french soldiers were beginning to suffer from autumn rains which drenched their tent camp , increasing the likelihood of fever and especially of dysentery .
his mother died there of dysentery when thomas - alexandre was twelve .
aboard the endeavour , he died of dysentery twelve days after departure from batavia in 1771 , during the crew 's voyage back to england .
food supplies were running out and dysentery was spreading through the troops .
starvation and dysentery , plus a smallpox epidemic in 1864 , caused the death of 1,314 of these prisoners .
the ancient greeks used the root to treat dysentery , toothaches and animal bites .
several hindrances prevented his prosecuting this intention , and finally , in april 1817 , when the long - expected caravan prepared to depart , he was seized by dysentery and died on 15 october .
however , he died of dysentery before the sentence could be carried out .
turning to drink , she died in poverty of amoebic dysentery , an illness she probably picked up in her years living in naples ( sir william hamilton also suffered from this ) in calais , in january 1815 .
after onset , there is a sharp fever coupled with anorexia , vomiting and dysentery .
locals of moomy city on socotra island use the " dracaena " resin as a sort of cure - all , using it for such things as general wound healing , a coagulant ( though this is ill - advised with commercial products , as the " daemonorops " species acts as an anti - coagulant and it is usually unknown what species the dragon 's blood came from ) , curing diarrhea , lowering fevers , dysentery diseases , taken internally for ulcers in the mouth , throat , intestines and stomach , as well as an antiviral for respiratory viruses , stomach viruses and for such skin disorders as eczema .
stephen died of dysentery , and he was buried in nagyvárad .
cromwell was unable to take waterford or duncannon and the new model army had to retire to winter quarters , where many of its men died of disease – especially typhoid and dysentery .
because of the first fort crawford 's location alongside the mississippi river , diseases such as malaria and dysentery were common among the troops , and the fort 's wooden walls rotted because of the flooding that took place nearly every spring .
while returning to england , wills died of dysentery on 9 september 1857 on board the p & o steamer ss " bengal " between india and suez .
however , in 1893 he was invalided home with dysentery .
in 1898 , for nine months he was acting superintendent in henan while suffering from intractable dysentery .
dr. trensz conducted experiments showing that the non - amoebic strain of dysentery was caused by a paracholera vibrion ( facultative anaerobic bacteria ) .
established in 1880 to treat the chinese coolies and tin - miners who often sick and suffered from various diseases , such as diarrhea , cholera , malaria , beriberi , dysentery , and pulmonary diseases .
symptoms can range from mild diarrhea to dysentery with blood and mucus in the stool . "
she had become ill on the three - day journey from bangka island camp , and eventually succumbed to dysentery .
they have been used to help treat renal calculus , cystitis , dysentery and epilepsy .
in 1925 hocart suffered a bout of severe dysentery and returned to england to recover .
he died of acute dysentery in bombay in the year 1926 , and is buried in the sewri cemetery .
but masako falls ill because of dysentery and otaka has no money to foot her hospitalization bills .
these bombs enabled japanese soldiers to launch biological attacks , infecting agriculture , reservoirs , wells , and other areas with anthrax , plague - carrier fleas , typhoid , dysentery , cholera , and other deadly pathogens .
despite many casualties caused by fever , cholera and dysentery as well as enemy action , his own health was good .
in the developing world , " shigella " causes approximately 165 million cases of severe dysentery and more than 1 million deaths each year , mostly in children in the developing world .
edward roset ’s wife bridget died on 27 february 1857 , just one week after her 22-month old daughter had died of dysentery ; bridget roset and her daughter were the first interments in the booligal cemetery .
he was ordained as successor to mr. peabody september 12 , 1753 , and died at dorchester on october 5 , 1775 , at age 48 , of dysentery , which prevailed in the camp at cambridge and roxbury .
crippled by fever and dysentery , hannington was forced to return to england in 1883 .
a particularly devastating scourge was a severe outbreak of amoebic dysentery , which erupted shortly after the marauders linked up with x force .
in these overcrowded conditions , diseases such as typhus and dysentery spread rapidly through the starving and weakened camp population .
they set up an emergency hospital in a vacant monastery , and soon it was overflowing with cases of smallpox , measles , whooping cough , dysentery , cholera , etc .
the onset of famine and a dysentery epidemic created fresh problems .
during the 5000 km journey across africa through some of its most difficult country consisting of almost impenetrable rainforest and swamps , stairs and colleagues suffered frequently from malaria and dysentery .
by the end of the first two months the mission had lost 148 bearers to dysentery .
dysentery , both bacillary and amebic also complicated many patients ' nutritional status .
independently , french - canadian microbiologist félix d'hérelle , working at the pasteur institute in paris , announced on september 3 , 1917 , that he had discovered " an invisible , antagonistic microbe of the dysentery bacillus " .
the king of france himself was also gravely ill at that time , suffering " a flux of the bowels " ( dysentery ) from which he seemed unlikely to recover .
he returned to ireland in august and died in september 1576 of dysentery .
but this method is complicated by the fact that such data may be inaccurate and infectious diseases , such as dysentery , malaria and dengue fever , could take their toll on survivors .
it is unclear whether the cause was malaria , intestinal bleeding from typhoid , or chronic amebic dysentery .
after being invalided home with amoebic dysentery , burchmore retrained as an electrical engineer and served in various postings at home and overseas .
much has been said about the reasons philip ii went back to france ; it is often considered his dysentery was the principal reason .
he died from dysentery on the third of the following sept. 1775 , at 26 years , 5 months , and 9 days of age . "
tschirnhaus died at dresden , in october 1708 , from dysentery .
they manage to sell it all with the expense of nearly the whole town contracting dysentery .
in the event , the ottomans reached the isthmus just in time to see the venetian army , demoralized and riddled with dysentery , leave its positions and sail to nauplia .
in medicine , bark is used to alleviate headache , toothache , dysentery , elephantiasis and root infusions are consumed to treat leprosy , syphilis coughs , as an anthelmintic , purgative and strong diuretic .
smith died of an infection following his leg injury and chronic dysentery at savannah , tennessee , and is buried in laurel hill cemetery , philadelphia .
sutton became a major general for a chinese warlord , and he was interred in hong kong during world war ii where he died of dysentery .
after returning to damascus in july of 1149 , mu'in ad - din " ate a hearty meal , as was his usual custom , and was seized thereafter by a loosening of the bowels ... from this resulted in the disease known as dysentery ... " the emir died on august 28 and was buried in the university he had established in the city .
as one historian later commented : " those who survived … were herded into insanitary and crowded huts and many died from dysentery .
he made 44 and 38 in the third test win and then missed the fourth test with dysentery .
he died in january 1843 from dysentery , close to the border between egypt and sudan , where he was buried a few days after his death .
however , due to underestimating the problems to be overcome , changes in design , the fall of the value of the hk dollar to the pound sterling ( much of the equipment had to be imported from britain ) , difficulties in recruiting suitable labour coupled with a high mortality and sickness rate amongst the workers ( malaria , beri beri and dysentery were endemic in hong kong at that time ) and right - of - way land acquisition costs led to the final cost of the project to steadily rise over the construction period .
suffering of famine and the cold , ravaged by gangrenous dysentery , typhus and putrid fever , they mostly tried to obtain supplies .
his color resulted from dysentery and malaria in middle life , which nearly caused his death .
tubman served as a nurse in port royal , preparing remedies from local plants and aiding soldiers suffering from dysentery .
on 11 june 1885 admiral courbet died of dysentery aboard his flagship " bayard " in makung harbour , where most of the far east squadron had been stationed since the end of the pescadores campaign ( late march 1885 ) .
goldblith was able to use iodine from his medical kit to dose the foul water in his canteen in an effort to prevent dysentery .
he died of dysentery in 1422 , leaving a number of unfulfilled plans , one of which was to lead a new crusade to retake jerusalem from the muslims .
unfortunately , killy was plagued by recurrences of amoebic dysentery and hepatitis , ailments that he had contracted in 1962 during a summer of compulsory service with the french army in algeria .
during a temporary armistice in which the forces of gen. zachary taylor awaited action , mcclellan was stricken with dysentery and malaria , which kept him in the hospital for nearly a month .
the main concern of humanitarian and government agencies was to provide sanitation facilities and fresh drinking water to contain the spread of diseases such as cholera , diphtheria , dysentery , typhoid and hepatitis a and b.
baly performed significant research on dysentery and cholera .
he died of dysentery on 9 october 1212 in valenciennes .
garnot had a severe attack of dysentery and was sent back with some of the collection on the " castle forbes " .
leo died of dysentery at the age of 73 on 18 january 474 .
struck by a deadly malady he developed chronic dysentery , and died on the 15th of december , 1799 , in the forty - eight year of his age , at the very moment when the triumphant elevation of bonaparte was opening up to his comrades a long and brilliant career of military glory .
he went personally to veracruz to supervise the new measures , but he soon came down with hemorrhagic dysentery .
in the end saladin 's efforts were resisted without him , for pahlawan succumbed to dysentery , and died late in 581 h or early in 582 h ( 1186 ce ) .
he explained that he was a public health official sent by us occupation authorities who had orders to inoculate the staff against a sudden outbreak of dysentery .
in addition to lingering effects of dysentery and chronic colitis , an underactive thyroid was later revealed .
murray was again evacuated to egypt on 26 september due to dysentery .
however , despite being one of the better hotels in shanghai , the lack of internal plumbing was known to cause death to some guests , including members of the japanese ship " senzai maru " who stayed at the astor house hotel for ten weeks in 1862 : " three crew members died , at least one from dysentery contracted as a result of inadvertently imbibing the filthy waters of the wusong river in which everything they consumed had been washed .
it is likely that the cause of death was dysentery , contracted in the septizodium .
in the month of august , 1840 , the army surgeon at the hospital treated 103 patients , including 23 for fever and 26 for dysentery .
within a year nearly half of them had died , mostly from diseases such as dysentery and malaria .
before outbreaks are confirmed in areas of weak surveillance on the local or regional levels , ebola is often mistaken for malaria , typhoid fever , dysentery , influenza , or various bacterial infections which may be endemic to the region .
he died of dysentery , which he caught from his patients during an epidemic .
the death metal band wayd was founded in the year 1994 when thrash metal band marion and death metal band dysentery fused together .
during his lecture , he recounted how in the course of field - research in west bengal for his book " tribal guerrillas " , he had lost 20 kilograms in weight through dysentery and malnutrition .
snow took no more wickets , but caught a bout of dysentery , which required him to take medication for over a year .
the pain of the accident led him to rely on alcohol and pills for relief , as he had done after an earlier bout with dysentery left him with chronic intestinal problems .
accidents and infections often listed as dysentery and fever were the common causes for hospitilation back then .
philip soon experienced a reversal , however , as the french camp was hit hard by an epidemic of dysentery .
scurvy , malaria , dysentery , diarrhea , and other diseases cut their ranks .
in the lower shabbelle town of jowhar three people have been killed by an outbreak of dysentery .
he spent several years investigating amoebic dysentery and trying to develop a vaccine from rat - bite fever .
graham fell ill with acute dysentery on his return trip from champ d'asile , but was healed by atakapa natives .
midway through the film , mahoney contracted dysentery , dengue fever and finally pneumonia .
infection with the amoeba entamoeba histolytica can cause amoebic dysentery .
poor nutrition and unsanitary conditions take their toll on the garrison ; many die of dysentery , including kashiwara .
all battalions were severely under strength with many of the soldiers wracked by dysentery .
in java , the bark is used for bloody diarrhea or dysentery .
the journey becomes treacherous and burke 's dysentery is getting worse .
the rest of his army was hit by a dysentery epidemic and melted away .
he recovered from that malady while there , but contracted several other diseases , septic sores , dysentery and malaria and was close to death on three occasions .
the fight scenes in the town were filmed in kairouan ; by then ford was suffering from dysentery and did not want to shoot a fight scene between indiana and a swordsman .
in addition , many casualties resulted from an epidemic of dysentery , caused by poor sanitary conditions .
it has been used as an astringent medicinal herb to treat diarrhoea and dysentery ; it is considered safe to use for all ages , including babies .
in addition to his ulcers , doudart de lagrée suffered from fever , amoebic dysentery and infected wounds caused by leeches , as the expeditioners had to walk barefoot once they had worn out their supply of shoes .
hemingway contracted amoebic dysentery that caused a prolapsed intestine and he was evacuated by plane to nairobi , an experience reflected in " the snows of kilimanjaro " .
his descriptions were based on his observations regarding the post mortem of an infected brazilian man who died from extreme dysentery .
severe dysentery can be treated with ampicillin , tmp - smx , or fluoroquinolones such as ciprofloxacin and of course rehydration .
and people were ravaged by famine , typhoid , dysentery , cholera , plague , all mitigating against them .
many members of the crew became sick with dysentery there , and flinders took the decision to return to port jackson as quickly as possible .
in addition to these troubles , a dysentery epidemic broke out .
by august 11 , flood deaths were still occurring in bangladesh , the number of people with flood - related diseases was increasing and about 100,000 people had caught dysentery or diarrhoea .
the return trip was first delayed by dysentery , and further when his ship was caught in a storm and dropped him off at île bourbon ( réunion ) , where he had to wait until a spanish ship took him home .
alexander died of dysentery in red sweet springs , alleghany county , virginia in 1859 at the age of 55 .
by then , he was becoming ill and was suffering from a severe renal disorder complicated by amoebic dysentery .
on july 4 , 1850 , president zachary taylor was diagnosed by his physicians with " cholera morbus " , a term that included diarrhea and dysentery but not true cholera .
during world war ii , the soviet union used bacteriophages to treat many soldiers infected with various bacterial diseases e.g. dysentery and gangrene .
on the way , however , he developed dysentery , and his condition deteriorated .
but two weeks after his arrival he succumbed to dysentery , and was buried at the age of eighty - three in the church of the annunziata .
woolcock 's symptoms were consistent with tuberculosis and dysentery , both of which were found at autopsy , and typhoid , although this was not found .
it should be noted that " macellaria " is also a possible vector of dysentery .
in january of 1666 ce ( 1076 ah ) , shah jahan fell ill with strangury and dysentery .
the gernian cavalla academy is recovering from the devastating effects of speck plague , a disease causing severe dysentery .
the uncomfortable climate , the temporary delay , and an outbreak of dengus and dysentery combined to make life miserable for the men of the 41st .
he then studied medicine at the university of maryland , baltimore , writing his thesis on dysentery .
the king died a week later of dysentery and he was succeeded to the throne by his 9 year old son , henry iii .
he returned to the u.s. suffering from dysentery , where one version of the invention story claims he conceived of the idea of an electric razor .
in spite of the area being unhealthy , with the hospitals full of fever and dysentery cases , only one man from the 79th was confined to the hospital .
dysentery is usually caused by a bacterial or protozoan infection or infestation of parasitic worms , but can also be caused by a chemical irritant or viral infection .
some waterborne pathogenic diseases that may coincide with fecal coliform contamination include ear infections , dysentery , typhoid fever , viral and bacterial gastroenteritis , and hepatitis a. the presence of fecal coliform tends to affect humans more than it does aquatic creatures , though not exclusively .
however , de filippi himself died en route at hong kong , on february 2 , 1866 , from serious dysentery and liver problems .
if left untreated , dysentery can be fatal .
next morning potts signalled allen ; " will not give ground if you guarantee my line of communication … full of fight , but physically below par , mainly feet and dysentery … respectfully consider offensive ops require more than one bde [ brigade ] task "
trying to survive on spoiled and inadequate government rations while waiting for the annuities , about 150 chippewa people died from dysentery and measles at sandy lake .
when mixed with water the juice can be used to treat diarrhea , dysentery and stomach cramps .
so too did medical conditions , particularly lice and dysentery , the result of poor sanitation .
he died from dysentery july 25 , 1865 and apparently the charwoman who took care of the body , sophia bishop , was the first to discover his female body , and revealed the truth after the funeral .
edwin made three circles in the air before disappearing , and a few days later a letter arrived stating that edwin had died of malignant dysentery , which was three days before home 's vision .
a lieutenant mertens — a wurttemberger serving with ney 's iii corps — reported in his diary that oppressive heat followed by rain left them with dead horses and camping in swamp - like conditions with dysentery and influenza raging though the ranks with hundreds in a field hospital that had to be set up for the purpose .
at ikisji , a small village about sixty miles northeast of aleppo , he fell ill with dysentery .
in the first world war the regiment served in south west africa under general botha , in tanganyika under general smuts and apparently they also served in western europe , but little information is available from the latter theatre . fred selous ( after whom the selous scouts were named ) was present at kilimanjaro and other actions in tanganyika and reported in letters to friends that the rhodesia regiment acquitted itself very well at taveta , though , as with other white regiments from the empire , malaria and dysentery accounted for a very high number of casualities .
the bark of the tree is dry , acrid , bitter with a sharp taste ; cooling anthelmintic ; tonic , cures leprosy , dysentery , bronchitis , asthma , leukoderma , hemorrhoids and muscle tremors .
many of the 736 convicts who survived the voyage of the first fleet from portsmouth , england arrived suffering from dysentery , smallpox , scurvy , and typhoid .
a large number succumbed to wounds they bore when they arrived , small pox , typhoid fever , dysentery or any of a number of other diseases .
he suffered from acute dysentery , contracted from the terrible traveling conditions .
by virtue of being the closest male relative of leo i. on 18 january 474 , leo i died of dysentery .
while charges of high treason were never proved , he was to spend ten years in the tower , until his death of dysentery .
the most common cause of the disease in developed countries is infection with a bacillus of the shigella group ( causing bacillary dysentery ) .
sattler and leegstra had previously been in dysentery ; leegstra , quickly after the band formed , left the music scene altogether .
he also did research on leprosy , syphilis , dysentery , and whooping cough .
his army was seriously reduced in november by dysentery , and william himself was gravely ill .
among his major discoveries , wilks recognized ulcerative colitis in 1859 , differentiating it from bacterial dysentery .
construction of the canal was ordered by napoleon i in 1802 , in order to create an artificial waterway for supplying paris with fresh water to support a growing population and to help avoid diseases such as dysentery and cholera .
shortly afterwards , he contracted dysentery which led to his death on 25 june 1868 .
fairley also studied , and later published papers on , typhus , malaria and bacillary dysentery .
three " shigella " groups are the major disease - causing species : " s. flexneri " is the most frequently isolated species worldwide and accounts for 60% of cases in the developing world ; " s. sonnei " causes 77% of cases in the developed world , compared to only 15% of cases in the developing world ; and " s. dysenteriae " is usually the cause of epidemics of dysentery , particularly in confined populations such as refugee camps .
according to the acts of the apostles , st. paul cured publius ' dysentery - afflicted father .
however , during the siege of petersburg , birney fell ill with malaria ( some accounts say dysentery and typhoid fever ) .
he wrote first hand accounts of diseases like malarial fever , gout , dysentery , and chorea .
historically , this drink was formulated by bakongo people , in bas - congo province , to soothe discomfort caused by dysentery and hemorrhoid .
the rain , cold and lack of food and shelter made the settlers susceptible to many diseases such as whooping cough and dysentery .
we were forbidden to have food brought to us from outside , and were given disgusting soup cooked with soda ash which kept us in a constant state of dysentery .
the lack of forage , and water for his troops , and the fact that dysentery had broken out in his army may have induced manuel to decide to force the pass regardless of the danger of ambush .
various diseases swept through fort cass during the summer of 1838 , such as whooping cough and dysentery .
before an english naval squadron could arrive to aid berkeley and his forces , bacon died from dysentery on october 26 , 1676 , at the home of col .
the phrase " you have died of dysentery " has been popularized on t - shirts and internet swag .
the detainees drank water from a river that was polluted with industrial waste and many suffered from constipation or dysentery .
amoebic dysentery is transmitted through contaminated food and water .
the town was subjected to a serious epidemic of dysentery during 1953 , and a locust invasion in april 1961 .
he hoped to re - visit japan on his return trip , but was prevented by a long bout with dysentery .
it was originally named wang lang hospital , as it was built on the site of a palace ( thai : " wang " ) , it was later renamed after prince siriraj kakuta bhandu , the beloved son of king rama v , who died of dysentery only 18 months old .
by mid - august 1942 , stanley had recovered enough to be moved to the dysentery wing at block 151 of roberts barracks .
