joined only by his ecclesiastic vassals and herbert , he recruited troops in burgundy , while hugh the great was convinced to join him .
his german name , kurscherer , was changed to pellicanus by his mother 's brother jodocus gallus , an ecclesiastic connected with the university of heidelberg , who supported his nephew for sixteen months at the university in 1491 - 1492 .
the agricultural reconquest , begun in the tenth century , was supported by the ecclesiastic power , which allowed the laic lords to exploit the earth resources and to build some fortified settlements for their own peasants , and favoured a new economic and demographic growth .
the abbey was self sufficient for its needs and wealthy besides ; some of this wealth came from the ecclesiastic mills grinding wheat for local bakers to supply bread to the city of london .
the hamlet while in the ecclesiastic parish of wing , is nearer to wingrave .
the notre - dame cathedral basilica is an ecclesiastic basilica in ottawa , canada located on 375 sussex drive in the lower town neighbourhood .
william jones ( ecclesiastic ) .
bernhard heinrich overberg ( 1 may 1754 – 1826 ) was a german roman catholic ecclesiastic , educator and author .
father patrick grace also called the little grey friar , was a regular visitor and he was a positive influence in edmund ’s growth towards the ecclesiastic .
domicile is that place where one actually resides with the intention of always remaining there quasi - domicile is determined by actual residence at the place and the intention to remain there at least the greater part of the year ; there is also a domicile by operation of law , legal or fictitious domicile ( ' ) —thus a wife may be subject to the jurisdiction of the domicile of the husband , children to that of the parents , religious to that of the place where the monastery is situated , persons having no fixed abode to that of the present place of residence a process can be instituted at rome against an ecclesiastic who is only accidentally there .
" le rêve " is a simple tale of the orphan angélique marie ( b. 1851 ) , adopted by a husband - and - wife team of ecclesiastic embroiderers in the cathedral town of beaumont , 30 leagues from paris .
ecclesiastic services or liturgy .
his father , gonzalo alonzo , who was one of the jews who embraced christianity in the period of vicente ferrer 's missionary propaganda during the early years of the fifteenth century , adopted the life of an ecclesiastic .
his flock knew him by his ecclesiastic name , " gavang arash . "
in ecclesiastic matters , the boyar party was generally closer to heretical and freedom - loving circles .
the same year he was appointed to the russian ecclesiastic mission in jerusalem as a teacher of russian and english at the bethany school .
during the reformation , several reports of ecclesiastic visitations verify the influence of the reformation .
this occurred , however , in a climate of confrontation between the civil and ecclesiastic powers and disputes between the creole and peninsular monks for control of the religious orders .
thomas goodrich , or goodricke ( 1494 – 10 may 1554 ) was an english ecclesiastic and statesman .
" the present fundamental law of the republic of colombia is solemnly proclaimed only in towns and armies , registered in all public registries and saved in every municipal cabildos and corporations , ecclesiastic or secular .
interior is decorated with frescoes from the 17th century and the rich ornaments , reflecting the mastery of the late - medieval georgian ecclesiastic art .
further ecclesiastic holdings came about from the need to enclose the marshes and create flood defences along the thames .
marco antonio de dominis ( ) ( 1566 - 1624 ) was a dalmatian ecclesiastic , apostate , and man of science .
in 1947—at the age of eleven — he was entrusted to the care of mar yousip khnanisho , metropolitan and the patriarchal representative for all iraq , the second - highest ranking ecclesiastic of the assyrian church of the east .
the secular ruler usually invested the elect / appointee with the insignia of his ecclesiastic office , while the pope crowned the holy roman emperor ( elected by the german electoral princes ) .
the archdiocese of catania is a roman catholic ecclesiastic territory in sicily , southern italy , with its seat in catania .
he came to russia in 1595 as a member of an ecclesiastic mission , sent by the patriarch of constantinople .
since the cathedral was built over an old cemetery , there are large catacombs up to 6 m below the " st. anna chapel " which contain the sepulchers of many significant figures , such as ecclesiastic dignitaries , members of the pálffy dynasty , presidents of the historic pozsony county as well as j. i. bajza ( the author of the first slovak novel ) .
his early education was entrusted to an ecclesiastic , who recognized in him an inclination to science and mathematic .
vassian patrikeyev , also known as vassian kosoy ( " вассиан патрикеев " , " вассиан косой " in russian ; real name - knyaz " василий иванович патрикеев " , or vasili ivanovich patrikeyev ) ( c. 1470 - between 1531 and 1545 ) was a russian ecclesiastic and political figure and writer .
claude sallier ( 4 april 1685 , saulieu - 6 september 1761 , paris ) was a french ecclesiastic and philologist , as well as professor of hebrew at the collège royal and garde des manuscrits of the bibliothèque du roi .
in 787 , he elevated the diocese of lichfield , in england , to an archdiocese on request from the english bishops and king offa of mercia in order to balance the ecclesiastic power in that land between kent and mercia .
as time passed they clearly distinguished themselves in the crown of castile the royal lands , under royal jurisdiction , and of the lords , under lordly jurisdiction ( of a lay or ecclesiastic nobles ) .
the influence of these canons carried on in the future and they were extensively annotated by balsamon , zonaras and aristenos , the three great ecclesiastic jurists of the 12th century .
shaw was originally a hamlet and sub - district of crompton , and appears to have originated as the commercial and ecclesiastic centre of crompton because of a small chapel sited there dating back to the 16th century .
adam murimuth ( circa 1274 - 1347 ) was an english ecclesiastic and chronicler .
ecclesiastic history .
over the next several decades , the monastery became the center of his disciples , or josephinians , and played a key role in the political and ecclesiastic life of the 16th - century russia .
in any case , leonti mroveli as chronicler shifted the balance of georgian literature from the ecclesiastic to the secular .
support for this idea has been found in reports written by olaus magnus , a catholic ecclesiastic active during the 16th century in uppsala , sweden , who fled the country due to the reformation .
however , they also designed a wide variety of commercial , public , ecclesiastic and residential buildings , as well as a number of bridges , during the course of the firm 's life .
however , the grounds and precedents of the ecclesiastic courts were adopted by civil courts .
during his episcopate the ecclesiastic and secular authority in rhaetia were separated .
mo lua , irish ecclesiastic , fl .
bogarín held very important positions in the paraguayan church , including that of rector churchman of the cathedral and that of general secretary of the ecclesiastic curia .
an intermediate form had been employed in 1468 when the prelates and lords had still been summoned personally , but the towns had each elected three deputies , an ecclesiastic , a noble and a burgess .
the castle was first erected around 1200 as the home of the bishops and later archbishops for use as a palace , prison and fortress , bearing the ecclesiastic ties with the town .
whether isidore ever embraced monastic life or not is still an open question , but though he himself may never have been affiliated with any of the religious orders , he esteemed them highly — on his elevation to the episcopate he immediately constituted himself protector of the monks and in 619 he pronounced anathema against any ecclesiastic who should in any way molest the monasteries .
imperial states could be either ecclesiastic or secular .
despite this , the contemporary ecclesiastic abbot oliva only ever acknowledged sancho as " rex ibericus " or " rex navarrae hispaniarum " , while he called both alfonso v and vermudo iii emperor .
the ecclesiastic makes a speech concerning the problems facing the church and on the qualities the new pope needs to have .
in june 1984 miraš dedeić attempted to enroll in ecclesiastic service , specifically at the monastery of ostrog .
william sherwood ( d. at dublin , 3 december 1482 ) was an english ecclesiastic .
gregory of khandzta ( georgian : გრიგოლ ხანძთელი , " grigol khandzteli " ) ( 759 – 5 october 861 ) was a prominent georgian ecclesiastic figure and a founder and leader of numerous monastic communities in tao - klarjeti , historic southwest georgia .
those were the cases , namely , of antónio teixeira , joão rodrigues esteves and francisco antónio de almeida , who were hence formed in the roman ecclesiastic baroque school and had the chance of getting acquainted with the roman operatic tradition .
with its historic atmosphere this city is known for its 15th- and 16th - century ecclesiastic and secular built heritage and for the family of the former landowners , the báthori family
jules de clérambault ( ca . 1660 – august 17 , 1714 ) was a french ecclesiastic and abbot of saint - taurin d’évreux .
after a few years , father agostino gemelli offered him a post as professor of ecclesiastic law at catholic university in milan .
copernicus ' installation was delayed , inclining watzenrode to send both his nephews to study law in italy , seemingly with a view to furthering their ecclesiastic careers and thereby also strengthening his own influence in the warmia chapter .
this last section includes a description of a sundial calibrated for the measurement of unequal hours , such as those used in the ecclesiastic calendar , which foresaw twelve hours of light and twelve of dark , which was subject to severe seasonal variations .
michael charles scott - joynt ( born 15 march 1943 ) is an english ecclesiastic and prelate of the order of the garter .
a son of ivane abuserisdze , " eristavt - eristavi " ( " archduke " ) of khikhata ( upper adjara , southwestern georgia ) , he is principally known for his original treatise , " the complete timekeeper " , which contains information related to calendars , descriptions of different systems for maintaining chronology , dates of ecclesiastic holidays , tables of moonrise and moonset , information on special cycles , etc .
mongkut , upon perceiving the situation , decided to remain in his ecclesiastic status to avoid the intrigues of royal politics .
nevertheless , the city remained important even after the fall of the western roman empire 's , due to the creation of the patriarchate of aquileia , which , from the mid-6th century onwards , ranked among the highest ecclesiastic authorities in italy .
he was self - taught in his intellectual formation , which made him deserving the position of ecclesiastic prosecutor and examiner synodical .
in 1790 , near to the doom of the polish - lithuanian commonwealth , the ecclesiastic duchy of siewierz was incorporated into the kingdom of poland .
administrative ( including taxation ) , legal ( parlement ) , judicial , and ecclesiastic divisions and prerogatives frequently overlapped ( for example , french bishoprics and dioceses rarely coincided with administrative divisions ) .
in an eleventh - century dispute between hugh of châteauneuf and guigues iii of albon over the possession of ecclesiastic lands in the gravaisdun , hugh , to reinforce what he judged to be his right , fabricated a story of isarn reconquering by arms the diocese of grenoble from the hands of the saracens .
the earliest reference to king arthur that can be dated confidently is the 9th century " historia brittonum " , usually attributed to nennius , a welsh ecclesiastic who was probably active in the early ninth century .
the name barban appears for the first time in an ecclesiastic document dated 740 a.d. in the middle ages , the town was fortified while under control of feudal lords from pazin , and parts of those medieval fortifications can still be seen .
because of the convoluted governing structure of the thai sangha ( which includes both ecclesiastic and civil officials ) and the patriarch ’s health problems , it is difficult to determine what , if any , role that somdet nyanasamvara has played in formulating a response to these challenges .
uytenbogaert defending the right of the worldly leaders to decide upon ecclesiastic matters , published in 1610 a tract " tractaet van ' t ambt ende authoriteyt eener hoogher christelicker overheyt " - countered by acronius with the writing " noodwendig vertoog " .
shaw and crompton has three church of england ecclesiastic parishes : shaw , high crompton , and east crompton .
the ecclesiastic counterpart was called a " chartophylax " , and both terms were sometimes used interchangeably .
it takes its name from the original ecclesiastic parish of woughton and its original village , woughton on the green .
the monastery was early on endowed with privileges : in a chrysobull of july 1049 , constantine monomachos granted the monastery the head tax of all jews of the island of chios , and set the monastery apart from any superior ecclesiastic or secular hierarchy .
his rapid ascent in the ecclesiastic career was largely due to his uncle , władysław opolczyk , who aided jan as a guardian of his minor brothers when their father bolko iii died in 1382 and all inherited strzelce as co - rulers .
the archbishopric of mainz ( ) or electorate of mainz ( or " kurmainz " ) was an influential ecclesiastic and secular prince - bishopric in the holy roman empire between 780–82 and 1802 .
peter heylin or heylyn ( 29 nov 1599 – 1662 ) was an english ecclesiastic and author of many polemical , historical , political and theological tracts .
the solovetsky monastery uprising of 1668–1676 was aimed at nikon 's ecclesiastic reform and took on an anti - feudal nature .
the façade he designed is perhaps more palatial than ecclesiastic , and was finished by 1735 .
" we , by apostolic authority , warn and strongly exhort ... that no one in the future dare to bother unjustly , despoil of their possessions , or reduce to slavery indians , blacks or other such peoples ... we prohibit and strictly forbid any ecclesiastic or lay person from presuming to defend as permissible this trade in blacks under no matter what pretext or excuse , or from publishing or teaching in any manner whatsoever , in public or privately , opinions contrary to what we have set forth in these apostolic letters " ( in supremo apostolatus , 1839 ) .
research was continued later mainly by serge a. zenkovsky ( 1907 - 1990 ) , a specialist on russian ecclesiastic culture .
other examples of georgian ecclesiastic architecture can be found overseas , in bulgaria ( bachkovo monastery built in 1083 by georgian military commander grigorii bakuriani ) , in greece ( iviron monastery built by georgians in 10th century ) and in jerusalem ( monastery of the cross built by georgians in 9th century ) .
the activity of george and his fellow athonite georgians laid a foundation for the basic principles of the practice and moral life of christians as well as the relationship between the royal court and the church later promoted and officially adopted by the national ecclesiastic council of ruisi - urbnisi held under the presidency of the king david iv in 1103 .
professor evan j. jones , " medieval heraldry : some fourteenth century heraldic works " ( cardiff : william lewis , ltd. ) 1943 , suggested that " johannes de bado aureo " may have been bishop sion trevor , an ecclesiastic who was trained in roman law , and rose through the church hierarchy to become bishop of st asaph , wales .
his great - great - grandfather john yonge was an ecclesiastic and diplomat .
one was an ecclesiastic and one secular .
in the 14th century the ecclesiastic administration provided the fief with fortifications , walls , a castle ( castello episcopio , italian for “ archbishop ’s castle ” ) as well as with the " chiesa matrice " ( " mother church " ) .
rev. dr. bulkeley bandinel ( 21 february 1781 – 6 february 1861 ) was a british scholar , ecclesiastic and librarian .
however , the vatican issued a decree in 1959 stating that the faculty of theology " remains under the supervision of one ecclesiastic authority and in the future is to be formed according to the laws passed by the apostolic see " .
preah maha ghosananda of cambodia was an example of this type of " sangharaja"- one whose influence over the local religious community far exceeded any ecclesiastic authority that he may have wielded .
cardinal maida ( of detroit ) is the board 's ecclesiastic advisor .
he was the uncle of henry heylyn whose son peter heylyn was a notable ecclesiastic and author .
he was an ecclesiastic .
after a consultation with his counsellors he chose his own cousin , bruno , a young ecclesiastic , only twenty - three years of age , who seemed to have the necessary qualifications .
in the middle ages it entered the iv of the 7 ecclesiastic regions , even if at that time the limits of the rioni were not very clear .
the colombian sculpture from the sixteenth to eighteenth centuries was mostly devoted to religious depictions of ecclesiastic art , strongly influenced by the spanish schools of sacred sculpture .
man of wide knowledge on peripatetic philosophy , with 17 years joined jesus 's company the school of salamanca , where it received his scientific and ecclesiastic formation .
one of them says that the first horizontal line symbolized the secular power and the other horizontal line the ecclesiastic power of byzantine emperors .
willi apel describes the overall style thus : " in their melodious , dance - like character these pieces follow lebègue ; others of a more organ - like and ecclesiastic approach are similar to nivers ' . "
this literary genre was often used as ecclesiastic and political propaganda .
hermann wesel ( died june 1563 ) was a german ecclesiastic in livonia , and the last roman catholic bishop of dorpat ( tartu ) .
considerations that enter into histories of each period include trachtenberg 's " historicising " and " modernising " elements , italian versus northern , spanish , and byzantine elements , and especially the religious and political maneuverings between kings , popes , and various ecclesiastic officials .
king henry sought to abolish certain of the clergy 's privileges that exempted them from the jurisdiction of the civil courts , and to introduce some royal control over the decisions of ecclesiastic courts .
thereafter , as recorded in the chronicle , “ vladimir lived with his wife cossara in all sanctity and chastity , worshipping god and serving him night and day , and he ruled the people entrusted to him in a godfearing and just manner . ” during that time , church slavonic literacy and other ecclesiastic influences of the ohrid patriarchate spread through his realm .
on his return leg , this bishop was detained by the " sultan of aden " , who attempted to convert the ecclesiastic to islam ; failing to do so , the sultan then had the bishop circumcised before releasing him .
guigues returned the ecclesiastic land , while hugh recognised the authority of the count in the vicinity of grenoble .
jean - gilles du coëtlosquet ( 15 september 1700 , saint - pol - de - léon - 21 march 1784 , paris ) was a french ecclesiastic , bishop of limoges and preceptor to the grandchildren of louis xv .
christians have established good relations with the royal family and the various jordanian government officials and they have their own ecclesiastic courts for matters of personal status .
meletius thus makes his debut as an ecclesiastic of the court party , and as such became bishop of sebaste in succession to eustathius , who the synod of melitene deposed for his homousianism ( nicene trinitarianism ) which they considered a heresy .
360 ) was a learned ecclesiastic of the greek church .
in 1369 the benedictine abbot of malmesbury also required a london establishment for his affairs and the order acquired " lyncolnesynne " , that of one thomas of lincoln , who was a serjeant at law and so a local landlord and nothing to do with the ecclesiastic or lay magnates of similar title / name .
the rancorous succession debate has brought to the forefront long - standing complaints against the amended 1962 sangha act ( sometimes called the ecclesiastic bill ) that defines the structure and governance of the thai sangha .
hans svane ( svaning ) ( march 27 , 1606 – july 26 , 1668 ) was a danish statesman and ecclesiastic , born at horsens , where his father , hans riber , was burgomaster .
ecclesiastic usage .
beethoven was extremely influential as among the first composers to work freelance rather than being employed full - time by a royal or ecclesiastic patron .
the prussian rhine province was formed in 1815 out of the united duchies of jülich - cleves - berg , the ecclesiastic electorate of trier and electorate of cologne , the free cities of aachen and cologne , and nearly a hundred small lordships and abbeys .
the powers of a commendatory abbot are as follows : if the monastery is occupied by a religious community where there is a separate mensa abbatialis , i.e. where the abbot and the convent have each a separate income , the commendatory abbot , who must then be an ecclesiastic , has jurisdiction " in foro externo " over the members of the community and enjoys all the rights and privileges of an actual abbot , and if , as is generally the case , the monastery has a special superior , he is subject to the commendatory abbot as a claustral prior is subject to his actual abbot .
in ecclesiastic affairs he issued the first papal decree against the freemasons on april 28 , ( 1738 ) , it was titled " in eminenti " .
an apologist for the traditional ecclesiastic form of apostolic succession would suggest taking a long view to survey the " coherence " among the ancient churches .
reaction from much of the jewish community was strongly negative , and abraham foxman , president of the anti - defamation league , wrote to cardinal walter kasper in order to express his opposition to any ecclesiastic re - integration of bishop williamson .
jean - louis anne madelain lefebvre de cheverus ( also known as john cheverus ' " ) ( january 28 , 1768–july 19 , 1836 ) , french ecclesiastic , was the first bishop of the roman catholic diocese of boston , massachusetts .
prominent monks of the monastery , who dedicated their lives to translating and correcting ecclesiastic books , include maximus the greek , yepifany slavinetsky and karion istomin .
he then moved to a secluded ecclesiastic residence in la falda , córdoba ; since he is formally still a bishop , he receives a pension paid by the state , as per the financial support of the church mandated by the argentine constitution .
ecclesiastic supremacy of the papacy .
jean - françois du resnel du bellay ( rouen , 29 june 1692- paris , 25 february 1761 ) was a french ecclesiastic , writer and translator .
yet the spirit of the rugged saint subdued that of the polished scholar , and the works of severus are only important because they reflect the ideas , influence and aspirations of martin , the foremost ecclesiastic of gaul .
the secretary of the college of cardinals , the master of papal liturgical celebrations , two masters of ceremonies , two officers of the papal sacristy and an ecclesiastic assisting the dean of the college of cardinals are also admitted to the conclave .
manuel garcia and rosa sarmiento were married on april 26 , 1866 , in leon , after obtaining the necessary ecclesiastic permissions since they were second degree cousins .
the sobor of 1525 accused maximus of nonconformism and heresy based on his views and translations of ecclesiastic books , disregarding his mediocre knowledge of russian and obvious mistakes on the part of the russian scriveners ( his improper use of the imperfect tense was used to imply that he no longer believed the holy spirit was the third person of the trinity but only had been temporarily ) .
these canonists also add that the bishop would sin if he removed an ecclesiastic without cause , as his action would be without a proper motive , and because frequent changes are necessarily detrimental to churches .
he later the enjoyment of the commission , antonio gonzalez montero , nephew of the ecclesiastic .
" in all probability , the memorial was engraved in honour of an important ecclesiastic attach to tech saxan , more than likely one of its abbots .
however , the roman city of london , then called lundenburh , was unoccupied at that time , unlike conditions in the areas of continental europe where there was continuity of urban occupation and ecclesiastic succession .
blessed thaddeus mccarthy ( c. 1455 – october 25 , 1492 ) was an irish ecclesiastic , who was appointed bishop of ross , ireland in 1482 and bishop of cork and cloyne in 1490 .
pierre de castelnau ( died 15 january 1208 ) , french ecclesiastic , was born in the diocese of montpellier .
according to time magazine , sponga was the highest ranking american ecclesiastic to leave the catholic church between 1966 and 1968 .
their majesties lit candles in front of the worship items , paid homages to the buddha images , presented the commemorative fans to the 10 high ecclesiastic monks , rested on the throne , vowed adherence to the buddhist sermon .
the podium is ecclesiastic in character and suggests the analoi used in orthodox churches to support heavy bibles .
arguments for stigand having performed the coronation , however , rely on the fact that no other english source names the ecclesiastic who performed the ceremony ; all norman sources name stigand as the presider .
although probably at his best when designing in the medieval ecclesiastic styles and the florentine palazzo style which he employed for commercial premises , blacket followed the trends of victorian architecture in london through his subscription and library membership .
if it appeared from the public acts that an ecclesiastic had done this , he was punished by the synod with perpetual deposition ; however , his ordinations were still considered valid .
he claimed to have raised some money but the coadjutor idea was shot down after inglesi appeared in lay garb at several social functions in the presence of young ladies and “ exhibited signs of levity and impropriety , both by taking part in dances and by a mode of dress in no way befitting an ecclesiastic . ”
" proedros " ( , " president " ) was a senior byzantine court and ecclesiastic title in the 10th to mid-12th centuries .
ecclesiastic museum of aghia marina is a museum in kissos , magnesia , greece .
later , the bishop of nisibis was the ecclesiastic metropolitan of the province of bit - arbaye .
in 1744–1833 , the cloister accommodated the moscow ecclesiastic consistory .
linck also created several works of ecclesiastic painting ( murals , but also painted glass windows ) .
in 2002 , as part of the reshuffling of the ecclesiastic provinces of france , the archdiocese of avignon ceased to be a metropolitan and became , instead a suffragan diocese of the new province of marseilles , while keeping its rank of archdiocese .
from the norman period manorial organisation obtained through major lay and ecclesiastic magnates .
in addition he was made a kind of papal vicar for the whole of gaul ; no gallic ecclesiastic being permitted to journey to rome without bringing with him a certificate of identity from patroclus .
he began construction on the great palace whose ruins still stand in the city and he spent profusely on churches and ecclesiastic endowments for the sake of his soul .
pierre - joseph alary ( 19 march 1689 , paris - 15 december 1770 ) was a french ecclesiastic and writer .
when an ecclesiastic is created bishop , or when a parson or rector takes another benefice without dispensation , the first benefice becomes void by a legal cession , or surrender .
among the many reforms he established was the banning of any ecclesiastic to have income from more than one church or parish .
even after it lost its independence , rostov was still an ecclesiastic center of utmost importance ( from 988 it was the see of one of the first russian bishoprics ) .
they then persuaded the khutukhtu to send a delegation of three prominent representatives — a secular noble , an ecclesiastic , and a lay official from inner mongolia — to russia for assistance .
it is possible that an ecclesiastic named oppa was declared king at toledo by rivals of both roderic and achila , either before roderic 's defeat and death at the battle of the guadalete or between his death and the arab capture of toledo .
we having yesterday assembled by the emperor 's command at seleucia , a city of isauria , on the 27th day of september , exerted ourselves to the utmost , with all moderation , to preserve the peace of the church , and to determine doctrinal questions on prophetic and evangelical authority , so as to sanction nothing in the ecclesiastic confession of faith at variance with the sacred scriptures , as our emperor constantius most beloved of god has ordered .
the court of high commission was the supreme ecclesiastic court in england .
he was a warrior - prince as well , whose quarrels with all his neighbours , moslem and christian , lombard and greek , ecclesiastic and secular , fill the chronicles of the age , especially erchempert 's .
it was the birthplace of jean - baptiste henri lacordaire ( 1802 - 1861 ) , ecclesiastic and orator .
in 1534 , canara was placed under the ecclesiastic jurisdiction of the bishop of goa , where the portuguese had a strong presence .
the first estate was the lay and ecclesiastic aristocracy , ethnically heterogeneous , but undergoing a process of homogenization around its hungarian nucleus .
these figures seem to have some kind of symbolic social meaning ; the warriors who defend and support the men of prayer , or alternatively , the royal and ecclesiastic orders complementing each other .
another pareage was established with the abbey of saint - volusien in 1168 , where rents were split between the ecclesiastic and comital authorities .
after going into business on his own , schöffer confined his publishing to works on theology , and civil and ecclesiastic law .
pope john viii invoked the council of troyes to condemn the rebels for their actions against bishop frotario and for the taking of ecclesiastic property .
deprived of his rights of primogeniture by a family council , which judged his physical condition incompatible with the traditional military careers of the talleyrand counts of périgord , he was instead directed to an ecclesiastic career .
its ecclesiastic territory includes the northwest section of the province of alberta , the boundaries of which are , on the north the 60th parallel north , separating it from the northwest territories and the diocese of mackenzie - fort smith .
georgian ecclesiastic art represents one of the most fascinating aspects of georgian christian architecture , combining classical dome style with original basilica style .
alcuin of york ( ) or ealhwine , nicknamed albinus or flaccus ( 730s or 740s – may 19 , 804 ) was a scholar , ecclesiastic , poet and teacher from york , northumbria .
furthermore , all of william 's sons with the exception of the eldest were to hold privileged ecclesiastic positions within the former meic uilleim territories in moray .
the principal achievement of byzantine theology was the ecclesiastic writings of the holy fathers .
it features a ponderous neoclassical cathedral ( 1791–96 , design by giacomo quarenghi ) , seventeenth - century stone walls , and several ecclesiastic foundations , dating from the sixteenth century .
john kirkby ( died 26 march 1290 ) was an english ecclesiastic and statesman .
his subsequent career as an ecclesiastic was one of considerable distinction .
on 26 july 1387 , pedro , with the backing of both the secular and ecclesiastic authority in greece , confirmed a treaty with venice whereby she was ceded rights in the port of navarino .
edward bede clancy , ac ( born 13 december 1923 ) is an australian ecclesiastic .
both urbnisi monastery and the ruisi cathedral are known for a major ecclesiastic council convened here in 1103 - 1104 by the georgian king david the builder to cope with problems within the church hierarchy .
in the province the secular and ecclesiastic powers were consolidated in the hands of one family , that of the victorids , who had ties to the merovingian dynasty in gaul .
no freed male or female ecclesiastic was allowed to marry a freeman ( hispano - roman or visigoth ) and if one did , the children of such a union were enslaved to the church .
undoubtedly the work of an ecclesiastic of ratisbon , an earnest partisan of the guelphs , the chronicle is not improbably to be referred to konrad der pfaffe , who composed the well - known " song of roland " ( " rolandslied " ) .
he was an honest , but narrow - minded ecclesiastic , who held what views he did hold intolerantly , and was always wanting more power to constrain those who differed from him ( see his letter in " hatfield mss . "
when this became known the engagement between gregory and the komnenos daughter was broken off , as they were now considered close relatives and their marriage was prohibited by civil and ecclesiastic law .
the board 's ecclesiastic advisor is adam cardinal maida .
caroline was born into a family with a long ecclesiastic history —
when seven years old he had an ecclesiastic as tutor at home ; later he attended the celebrated monastic school at reichenau abbey .
each county or shire had a county town as its administrative centre and was divided into individual parishes that were defined along ecclesiastic boundaries .
this is the gist of the song 's satire : the vicar of bray accommodated his beliefs to those of the current ruler , in order to retain his ecclesiastic office .
at the same time , competition might mean incorporating local religious beliefs and traditions into the christian message : " the local ecclesiastic , who weaves the cadences and mythology of orthodox liturgy and cosmology with the exigencies and spirits of the local cosmos , has been well - documented in byzantine and medieval christian cultures . "
the archbishop at one point even declared that he would have challenged hugh despenser the younger to a duel , if it had not been contrary to his ecclesiastic position .
renaud de beaune ( b. in 1527 , at tours ; d. 1606 in paris ) was a french catholic ecclesiastic .
his remained the only ecclesiastic to be buried there until the 14th century .
however , we hear of its first ecclesiastic about 1180 in relation to the barony .
ecclesiastic recreation centres were closed and taken over by the fdj ( e.g. schloss mansfeld , huberhaus wernigerode ) .
the ecclesiastic history of john of ephesus and the chronicle of theophanes the confessor both consider sophia planning to marry tiberius herself at this point .
furthermore , certain ecclesiastic , civic , and military positions were reserved for nobles .
nicolas - hubert mongault ( 6 october 1674 , paris - 11 august 1746 , paris ) was a french ecclesiastic and writer .
saint caesarius of arles ( 468/470–27 august 542 ) , sometimes called " of chalon " ( " cabillonensis " or " cabellinensis " ) from his birthplace chalon - sur - saône but more usually known as caesarius of arles ( " arelatensis " ) from the see that he occupied for forty years , was certainly the foremost ecclesiastic of his generation in gaul .
from 1507 , the title of grand chancellor of the crown was rotated between secular and ecclesiastic chancellors .
as a young man ( probably in 1493 ) , maximus went to italy to study ancient languages , as well as ecclesiastic and philosophic works .
carl gustaf nordin ( 1749–1812 ) was a swedish statesman , historian and ecclesiastic .
zanella was a broad - minded and patriotic ecclesiastic , and his character is justly held in equal honor with his poetry , which , if hardly to be termed powerful , wears a stamp of peculiar elegance and finish , and asserts a place of its own in modern italian literature .
a younger son of a rich saxon count , reinold i of dassel , and destined as such to be an ecclesiastic , he was sent to the cathedral school at hildesheim in 1146 , where he started working as subdeacon .
as for dr. troy , he was still the courtly ecclesiastic , and neither pitt 's treachery nor the contempt with which the catholics were treated could weaken his attachment to dublin castle .
they renounced all ecclesiastic hierarchy and monasticism , sacraments of priesthood , communion , repentance , and baptism , which had been accompanied by large fees ( " extortions " , in their view ) in favor of the clergy .
françois arnaud ( ecclesiastic ) .
christophe de beaumont ( 1703–1781 ) , french ecclesiastic and archbishop of paris , was a cadet of the les adrets and saint - quentin branch of the illustrious dauphin family of beaumont .
ecclesiastic .
the national ecclesiastic assembly , which was largely influenced by the arf , elected zareh of aleppo .
in 1534 , canara was placed under the ecclesiastic jurisdiction of the bishop of goa , where the portuguese had a strong presence .
thus , were produced the tumbo b and c , with royal documentation , pontifical , ecclesiastic and civilian .
the " conversio bagoariorum et carantanorum " ( " conversion of the bavarians and karantanians " ) from salzburg ( the bavarian ecclesiastic centre ) , written in 871–872 , is a very tendentious source , as its name suggests .
another ecclesiastic usage of the term has been attributed to pope leo the great , who wrote in 448 " quibus viventibus non communicavimus mortuis communicare non possumus ' ( i.e. , we can not hold communion in death with those who in life were not in communion with us ) . "
as thai ecclesiastic titles often take the form of additions or alterations to monastic names , this necessitated a variety of changes of name and title during the next several years .
shortly after , he resigned all of his ecclesiastic posts in order to marry and produce heirs to his lands .
the aged chancellor entrusted the sharp - witted young ecclesiastic
he was the protagonist of the greatest 19th century polemic on the xueta question : when he was forbidden in 1876 to preach at the church of st. miquel , this began a polemic with miquel maura ( also an ecclesiastic ) , brother of the politician antoni , in which many other parties participated , and which had a great impact both on and off of the island .
up to this time greece and the aegean were still technically under the ecclesiastic authority of the pope , but leo also quarreled with the papacy and gave these territories to the patriarch of constantinople .
the georgian bishops pointed out that under the russian exarches sent down from st. petersburg to run georgia ’s ecclesiastic affairs , the georgian church lost some 140 million rubles’ worth of property and estates ; church schools had been closed down , and the use of georgian in the liturgy discouraged ; twenty episcopal sees lay vacant and seven hundred and forty parishes were without pastors .
in its scenic context it has been also used , mainly for the corpus christi festivities , in the ecclesiastic processions as accompaniment to provide a more ceremonious and spectacular aspect .
he strongly supported the use of force to suppress heresy and a strong alliance between secular and ecclesiastic authority in the use of force .
by the early 12th century llandeilo came under the patronage of the bishopric of st david 's , an ecclesiastic borough which became responsible for the affairs of the town including its development as an important medieval market centre to an extensive agricultural hinterland .
the synodal decree that condemned him gives equal weight to recounting his ecclesiastic career and his movements between constantinople and the papal court .
on issues that divide catholicism from other churches and protestant ecclesiastic communities the text consistently presents matters from the catholic point of view .
when a church member is interviewed by ecclesiastic leaders to determine their worthiness to receive a temple recommend , the fifth of fifteen questions asked during the temple recommend interview is phrased simply and directly : " do you live the law of chastity ? "
" billboard " magazine called the song " a classic " and described it as " another career - redefining hit ... the flight of " bird " from humble call for deliverance into a frenzied ecclesiastic hymn is utterly spine - tingling .
in the ecclesiastic geography it was situated in the bishopry of cambrai .
as a theologian and an ecclesiastic dominis was thoroughly discredited ; as a man of science he was more happy .
ivan neronov spoke against the strengthening of patriarch ’s authority and demanded democratization of ecclesiastic management .
after the releasing of the book , fidel blandon resigned to his ecclesiastic job and assumed a fake identity as antonio gutiérrez .
he was determined to bring order to the land , bridle the unsubmissive secular and ecclesiastic feudal lords , centralize the state administration , form a new type of army that would stand up better to the seljuk turkish military organization , and then go over to a methodical offensive with the aim of expelling the seljuks first from georgia and then from the whole caucasus .
he also wrote an ecclesiastic rhetoric : " rhetoris christiani partes septem : exemplis cum sacris tum philosphicis illustratae .
in december of 1830 , ecclesiastic authorities found the marriage valid but not legitimate under canon law .
as an ecclesiastic he was a high churchman of the old school .
archives in the alcove cabinet record visits by the queen of greece , and by ecclesiastic and diplomatic officials .
one of them says that the first horizontal line symbolized the secular power and the other horizontal line the ecclesiastic power of byzantine emperors .
the leader of the pardon , typically a high ranking ecclesiastic , has the title of " pardonnor " .
in 1167 , margaret had stephen elected as archbishop of palermo , the highest ecclesiastic office in the land .
if the prelate of an ecclesiastic state changed his religion , the men and women living in that state did not have to do so .
the convent of the holy cross at poitiers was founded by st. radegund , an enslaved thuringian princess who later became the wife of clotaire i. the childless radegund left her husband to pursue a religious life , enjoying ecclesiastic support .
there are hundreds of churches , ' rites ' and ecclesiastic bodies in the english speaking world and some in continental europe that are in the mathew line .
the witenagemot functioned as an assembly of the elite whose primary function was advisory to the king and whose membership was composed of the most important noblemen in england , both ecclesiastic and secular .
the prologue introduces us to george arthur rose ( a transparent double for rolfe himself ) : a failed candidate for the priesthood denied his vocation by the machinations and bunglings of the roman catholic ecclesiastic machinery , now living alone with his yellow cat .
historically , tyringham on its own once contained only two houses , but was a village in its own right because it had an ecclesiastic parish .
sometimes , the litigant would not receive the decision he wanted in the ecclesiastic court , and then would renounce his pledge , and seek a writ of prohibition from the common law court .
during his more than seventy years as a monk and novice , somdet nyanasamvara has held a variety of posts in the thai ecclesiastic hierarchy .
ecclesiastic and theological federalism also exist within some christian denominations .
in beza 's literary activity as well as in his life , distinction must be made between the period of the humanist ( which ended with the publication of his " juvenilia " ) and that of the ecclesiastic .
juan caramuel y lobkowitz ( juan caramuel de lobkowitz , may 23 , 1606 in madrid — september 8 , 1682 in vigevano ) was a spanish catholic ecclesiastic and writer .
the essence of the counter - reformation was a renewed conviction in traditional practices and the upholding of catholic doctrine as the source of ecclesiastic and moral reform , and the answer to halting the spread of protestantism .
this was a mass exodus of common russian people , who had refused to follow the new ecclesiastic rituals .
marie nicolas sylvestre guillon ( january 1 , 1760–1847 ) , french ecclesiastic , was born in paris .
