the redistribution which effected the end of the seat split its voters between the seat of subiaco , balcatta ( which bertram contested and won ) and perth .
he is noticeably emotionally effected by the possibility of his life being over .
some of this communication was effected through the services of joseph stansbury , a philadelphia merchant .
the expenses incurred by the guru in his case against his brother , kabul singh amounted to about one lakh of rupees , and these and other debts were later cleared off and many improvements were effected , so that in 1909 , the income from the estate was over rs 50,000 a year .
promotion is effected by turning the piece over after it moves , revealing the name of its promoted rank .
the whole blood and all the juices of the body are effected by taking this herb .
they are non - humanoid , non - bipedal , and do not have solid bodies that can be clearly seen , but can be perceived through the warping of light effected by their bodies .
according to both companies , the move was effected in order for the denner chain to better compete with increasing foreign competition .
under current mayor frank jackson , the cleveland police saw a rise in morale due to changes effected by jackson and there has been a class of new police officers graduated .
neutralization of the enemy was effected by patrols .
in several mahals pertaining to orissa he had effected retrenchments in expenditure , and had thus become prominent amongst the imperial officials .
as soon as the inscription was have been effected , britain would restore the french colonies as agreed in the treaty of 1814 , including the islands of martinique and guadeloupe , provisionally re - occupied by the british troops .
he also learned how to perform the balancing of the egg on the stick , although that was effected mechanically .
this bargain was effected on 2nd january 1537 - 8 .
like much of the album , the song shows the band 's 1980s influences , with the multiple - layered , heavily effected guitars and new - wave synthesizers .
the new mexico tax credit , effective january 1 , 2008 , applies retroactively to conservation easements effected from january 1 , 2004 .
ner moved the bulk of those effected titles to tesco organisation immediately after but has since split his distribution to soleilmoon recordings in america with the founding of nerus .
the formalization and normalization of mapudungun was effected by the first mapudungun grammar published by the jesuit priest luis de valdivia in 1606 ( " arte y gramatica general de la lengva que corre en todo el reyno de chile " ) . more important is the " arte de la lengua general del reyno de chile " by the jesuit andrés febrés ( 1765 , lima ) composed of a grammar and dictionary .
friar jordanus catalini who arrived at 1321 effected a large scale christian conversions and was appointed as the bishop of roman catholic diocese of quilon at 1329.friar jordanus built a church called " st . georges church " and wrote a book called mirabilia descripta .
the constitution of japan , drafted by the u.s. authorities during the occupation of japan following world war ii , effected a similar arrangement for justices of the supreme court of japan .
the substantial drop in pilgrimage to beverley in honour of its founder john of beverley , effected the jobs of the working class as that was beverley 's main industry .
on june 4 the afghan government informs the british minister at kabul that orders have been issued for their immediate arrest , but several weeks pass before the arrest is effected .
in 1899 , service to hood canal from seattle 's pier 3 was effected by the propeller steamer " dode " .
the whole process was quick , fair , free of any financial burden , full of respect and at the end brought back the effected together .
a crossing would need to be effected there to reach the middle division , which would run north to the mouth of muddy creek and follow that stream to felton .
the community of bingville was the largest village effected by the creation of the block .
through interviews with his mother , his father 's wife , his half - brother , and mel davis himself , hubert davis explores why mel made the decisions that he did , and how that has effected his life .
the first difficulty mystical writers encounter in their treatises on contemplation is the proper terminology for its degrees , or the classification of the experiences of the soul as it advances in the mystical union with god effected by this extraordinary form of prayer .
in practice , however , this is made impossible by the fact that the budget cabinet meets on the very morning of budget day itself , far too late for any but very minor changes to be effected .
heraclius effected his retreat through the desert into tripolitania , holding the position for two years until recalled ; marcellinus retired to sicily .
large policy changes with wide - ranging effects have been effected through executive order , including the integration of the armed forces under harry truman and the desegregation of public schools under dwight d. eisenhower .
the plan received washington 's approval and was to be effected in march 1782 but had to be abandoned .
in the eucharist , roman catholics , anglicans , and lutherans hold that the consecration is effected by the recitation of the epiclesis ( sometimes sung ) over the bread and wine , whereby the bread is the communion of christ 's true body and the wine is the communion of christ 's true blood .
whether zoning restrictions effected by the outline zoning plans constitute a deprivation of property was considered by the court of appeal in " fine tower associates ltd v town planning board " .
ayyavazhi also effected social changes in southern india , resulting in the emergence of social and self - respect movements such as " upper cloth agitation " , temple entry agitation and other movements including those of narayana guru , chattampi swamikal , vallalar and ayyankali .
the wpb and the nation 's factories effected a great turnaround .
the link - up established , the computer systems soon exchange new knowledge ( data and information beyond contemporary human knowledge ) , effected too rapidly for the russo – american programmers to monitor .
some public planning for the city was made in the first years of the irish free state and then effected after 1932 , when eamon de valera came to power .
dean gaite effected significant revisions and improvements in response to the resurgence of cultural activities in contemporary philippine society .
the leaves are also used as emergency fodder for drought effected animal stock .
this population is effected by many different factors : overall happiness , tax rates , health , and food supply .
service of process must be effected on both the garnishee and the judgment debtor , and the notice to the judgment debtor must promptly follow notice on the garnishee .
deeply effected by his death , she gives in to larsen to take on to another spying order with him which leads them both via copenhagen to london .
this was effected with mother angela as superior of the new community .
in christ the two natures of god and human are not two persons but one ; thus a union is effected in christ between all of humanity in principle and god .
eventually , the massachusetts supreme judicial court found the merger / elimination of the minority shareholders as illegal and effected for sullivan 's personal benefit .
albani was the nephew of pope clement xi albani , who convinced him to set aside his budding military career , for which the weakness of his eyesight , that led to blindness in his advanced age , did not recommend him , and become a cardinal , an elevation effected on july 16 , 1721 , for which he required numerous special dispensations , not least because his brother annibale albani had been made a cardinal in 1711 and still sat in the sacred college
starting with polybius some military writers throughout the centuries have assumed that because union was intended it was effected , which assumption leads to the problem of " the roman camp .
( 2 ) retroactive awards of the combat infantryman badge , the combat action badge ( cab ) , and the combat medical badge ( cmb ) may be effected to fully - qualified soldiers .
while the ethnic minorities who mainly populated the mountains of the pathēt lao suffered terribly as a result of the u.s. air war , the majority of the lao - lum people in the mekong valley towns were little effected in a military sense .
the timing although had to be perfect so that the harvest would be disrupted but the invaders harvest would not effected .
this memorandum , together with the later effected " industrial disarmament " plans in occupied germany , is generally known as the real morgenthau plan .
stambolov 's fall ( may 1894 ) and subsequent assassination ( july 1895 ) paved the way for a reconciliation of bulgaria with russia , effected in february 1896 with the conversion of the infant prince boris from roman catholicism to eastern orthodox christianity .
in the original formulation , hoppe envisaged that such interference could be effected by placing a very narrow aperture in the plane of the specimen so that each reciprocal - lattice point would be spread out and thus overlap with one another .
however , this exchange is not direct but instead is effected through an intermediary called " interstitial fluid " or " tissue fluid " that the blood forms . interstitial fluid ( isf ) is the fluid that occupies the spaces between the cells and constitutes their immediate environment .
on the death of mr. bisse in 1828 , the property devolved to his son colonel bisse challoner , who has from his own plans effected a total change in the character of the estate , a great portion of which had been inclosed from the neighbouring heath .
according to an anonymous writer of doubtful credibility , he married early , had a large family , affected notoriety by advertising his drugs in latin , failed in business , and retired to england until his friends effected a composition with his creditors .
by making them in longer lengths , a reduction was effected in the number of joints , always the weakest part of the line ; and another advance consisted in the substitution of wrought iron for cast iron , though that material did not gain wide adoption until after the patent for an improved method of rolling rails granted in 1820 to john birkinshaw , of the bedlington ironworks , northumberland .
parenthetically , the contemporaneous christianization of bulgaria was likewise effected in two stages : the bulgars were offended when a simple bishop arrived to their capital from constantinople and requested pope nicholas i to send them a higher - ranking church official .
due to the illness of the army commander , brigadier - general sir charles smith , napier was instructed to lead the land force , and effected a landing at d'jounie with 1,500 turks and marines to operate against ibrahim , who was prevented by the revolt from doing more than trying to hold the coastal cities .
their doctrine was then stated as follows : " god has effected seven successive incarnations of his being , in the shape of prophets whom he sent into the world ; and these were adam , noah , abraham , moses , jesus , mohammed , and the mahdi " .
the series uses archival footage to record the growth of the civil rights movement in the united states , with special focus on the ordinary people who effected the change .
after taking over defense of the beachhead , the division drove north to seize mount tenjo and effected junction with the 3d marine division , linking the northern and southern bridgeheads , 23 - 29 july .
in september 2009 eric besson effected the clearing of an area known as the jungle near calais , where cabins and shacks housed mainly illegal immigrants desiring to settle in great britain and primarily of afghan or kurdish stock .
this included house burnings , torture of captives , pitchcapping and murder , particularly in ulster as it was the one area of ireland where large numbers of catholics and protestants ( mainly presbyterians ) had effected common cause .
temporary repairs effected at the norfolk navy yard .
in 1369 , using a hefty monetary payoff and territorial concessions , ivan alexander undertook the reconquest of vidin , which was effected by vladislav i of wallachia and dobrotitsa ( dobrotica ) of dobrudža .
the " form " of a sacrament consists of the words by which the sacrament is effected .
after the war in 1946 , camp administration was effected by headquarters and service battalion .
the nanbu clan 's territories were also among those effected by the tenpo famine of the mid-1830s .
the leeds village of collingham ( near wetherby ) was particularly effected by the flooding and one house was looted .
in the years since , swedish folk music has once again receded into a subcultural niche , but the revival has effected a number of changes .
the " local government ( maryborough and woocoo ) regulation 1993 " , which took effect on 31 march 1994 , effected the city 's annexation of about of the shire of woocoo .
the changes he effected in this office brought a ten - fold increase in public school attendance and led to him being called the father of the public school system in kentucky .
his resignation , widely believed to have come as the result of sustained protest by vocal supporters of athletic , was effected on september 27 , 2006 .
while the battle of jutland was among the last major battleship engagements in history ( tsushima , battle of surigao strait ) , the german plan for the battle relied on u - boat attacks on the british fleet ; and the escape of the german fleet from the superior british firepower was effected by the german cruisers and destroyers closing on british battleships , causing them to turn away to avoid the threat of torpedo attack .
castor oil can be applied to the effected area to neutralize the burning .
still , some of johnson 's troops effected , without opposition , a lodgment in the vacated breastworks of the xii corps , and upon the return of those troops a desperate battle ensued to drive the confederates out .
cyanosis is divided in to two main types central ( around the core and lips ) and peripheral ( only the extremities are effected ) .
there have been cutbacks to post secondary education in recent decades that have negatively effected the growth of the college .
the formal and final transfer of the strip from libya to chad took place on may 30 , when the sides signed a joint declaration stating that the libyan withdrawal had been effected .
the situation altered dramatically , however , after the young king alexander had effected his " coup d'etat " and taken government into his own hands in april 1893 .
the first record of the existence of a physical image in the ancient city of edessa ( now urfa ) was in evagrius , writing about ad 600 , who reports a portrait of christ , of divine origin ( θεότευκτος ) , which effected the miraculous aid in the defence of edessa against the persians in 544 .
business leaders must make decisions that will not only benefit them , but also they must think about how the other people will be effected ( stansbury 33 ) .
ample amount of natural resources , good and hard working people , least effected due to any kind of natural calamities which the coastal part of orissa used to suffer and less turbulent political environment leads to great potential of industrialisation which can be exploited through systematic approach with a greater participation by large corporates and local bodies .
this amalgamation was effected february 1 , 1912 , and , in anticipation of this , no election was held december 11 , 1911 as would normally have been required ( municipal elections in edmonton at the time being held the second monday of december ) .
pierre - joseph proudhon was reported to have studied in a monitorial school and it is reasoned that this effected his later writings and philosophy .
but a separation might be effected in two different ways : by the wife leaving , the husband , or the husband dismissing the wife .
according to anderson " the reason why he ( pendarvis ) succeeded was that he employed three contractors and the three contractors were viewed by the court as being the employer , but in the essence they were really j pendarvis 's employees and j pendarvis was , of course , the third party that was in fact effected by that industrial dispute .
sata said that he was only there to meet with the business community , and alleged that the zambian government had effected the deportation by falsely claiming that sata was in malawi to assist that country 's former president , bakili muluzi .
the district reform in 1973 also effected the merge of the district of bruchsal into karlsruhe ( district ) .
in hot and dry years where no noble rot occurs , pickers may leave ripen grapes on the vine long enough to shrivel or " passerillé " where it could later be effected by noble rot .
leghorn 's imitation of a whinnying horse , effected by pressing a finger against the side of his nose and creating the nasal sound , mimics the technique mel blanc actually used to make the sound .
winston churchill personally warned general denikin , whose forces effected pogroms , that “ my task in winning support in parliament for the russian nationalist cause will be infinitely harder if well - authenticated complaints continue to be received from jews in the zone of the volunteer armies “ ; general denikin ignored churchill ’s warnings , and the pogroms continued .
singing with the sydney university chamber choir under the direction of nicholas routley introduced her to the intricate renaissance polyphony that effected her early compositions .
this choice is effected by either knowing or not knowing mephistopheles ' true name ( tra'axfyl the ambitious ) , which can be learned by having the knower of names ( under the command of using her own true name ) tell you .
however , knowledge of twentieth century history and how it was effected by the discovery of weapons of mass destruction could lead to doubt if that would be quite the end .
a great variety of economists concluded that there was " some " sort of inter - relationship between utility and rarity that effected economic decisions , and in turn informed the determination of prices .
an irish translation of the revised prayer book of 1662 was effected by john richardson ( 1664 - 1747 ) and published in 1712 .
on 3 october , the germans effected amphibious and airborne landings known as " operation polar bear " ( " unternehmen eisbär " ) and reached the outskirts of the island 's capital later that day .
because the focal change effected by the adjustable eyepiece can be measured in the customary unit of refractive power , the " diopter " , the adjustable eyepiece itself is often called a " diopter " .
birds , butterflies , soil microbes , beetles , earthworms , spiders , vegetation , and mammals are particularly effected .
due to campaign - finance reform legislation effected in the 2004 election cycle , the dccc splits into two organizations 120 days before each election day .
is justification effected by divine action alone ( " monergism " ) , by divine and human action together ( " synergism " ) or by human action ?
according to miers , " while the initial impulses of pragmatic magic can be verified as early as spare and staudenmaier , its consistent implementation in the german speaking realm was only effected by frater v∴d∴ who also introduced the term . "
by agreement , that last israel element was withdrawn by 1600 gmt on 8 march and a full israeli withdrawal from the sharm al shaikh area was effected at the same time ..
the licence , which moved more control of , and finance from , badby and newnham to the abbot of evesham , was effected through pope john xxii with henry berghersh , bishop of lincoln .
royer - collard 's acceptance of the legitimist principle did not prevent a faithful adhesion to the soèial revolution effected in 1789 , and he protested in 1815 , in 1820 , and again under the monarchy of july against laws of exception .
microwave remote sensing from satellites has also proven useful as it has an advantage over tir of not being effected by cloud cover .
he paid great attention to the collection of agricultural statistics respecting stock and crops , and for this and other services was , on 5 feb. 1856 , created a c.b. on his own estate at dargavel he effected , at great expense , many improvements , especially in the reclamation of waste land .
although instrumentation is violin and cello they are often electronically effected and some tracks are heavy metal .
the basis of the technique is the gradual circular rotation of pitch - classes moving at different speeds simultaneously ; this rotation can be effected chromatically , micro - chromatically or through glissandi , or any combination of these .
a reconciliation was effected by the patriarch of antioch , but tradition says that eusebius finally resigned his charge and lived a studious life in antioch .
the spangle gall generation in particular is effected by inquilines and parasites . " synergus albipes " is an inquiline on the blister gall , whilst
it also demonstrates how south chicago was not immediately effected by the housing ordinances restricting the use of lumber for home building after the great fire of 1871 .
change in position can be effected horizontally and or/ vertically by tube bends and /or deflection stations .
jayasuriya is a skillful infielder , with a report prepared by cricinfo in late 2005 showing that since the 1999 cricket world cup , he had effected the seventh highest number of run - outs in odi cricket of any fieldsman , with the eleventh highest success rate .
additionally , it is estimated the explosions cost the mexican economy $ 100 million a day as over 2,500 businesses were effected and 60% of mexico 's steel industry was shuttered .
j.b. long finally effected his release to his custody with the understanding that moss stay out of the state of georgia for a decade .
it is unclear as to what ultimately becomes of tatiana in the novel as in her last appearance , she is still heavily effected by the sedatives ; when bond confronts klebb , she is sleeping in the city 's british embassy .
in 1677 , after two years of tedious negotiations , he overcame all obstacles , and in spite of james 's opposition , and without the knowledge of louis xiv , effected the marriage between william and mary that was the germ of the revolution and the act of settlement .
a new electoral structure for kingston was effected in november 2008 .
in certain species concealment is effected by the use of adventitious objects , which are employed as a covering .
the operation was effected with absolute precision and the castle was seized without a shot being fired .
felix and fursey both effected many conversions and established churches in sigeberht 's kingdom .
the council then instructed the new un representative to report to them within three months and , if he had not effected the demilitarization or obtained plans to do so , the representative would report to the council those points of difference which would have to be resolved for demilitarization to be carried out .
both dams were effected by heavy silting during the congo civil war .
once an insulin molecule has docked onto the receptor and effected its action , it may be released back into the extracellular environment , or it may be degraded by the cell .
by his outstanding valor and brilliant combat skill , captain fagan had effected the annihilation of approximately one hundred fifty japanese , the destruction of more than thirty enemy fortifications and the seizure of key positions which materially furthered the operations of his division against this vital outpost of the japanese empire .
it effected no land .
don giovanni 's destruction and deliverance to hell are effected by the cemetery statue of the commendatore , who had accepted the libertine 's invitation to supper .
that year , in the course of a trip to london in the company of jean - baptiste du hamel , secretary of the académie , he witnessed an unsuccessful blood transfusion effected by the royal society in hopes of curing a madman , with the thought that the human passions were transmitted in the blood .
it has effected to an indirect extent , his twin brother aldo , former car owners paul newman and carl haas , as well as newman 's successor mike lanigan at lanigan racing .
grinding is effected by impact and attrition between the grinding media .
the next redistribution of constituencies was in 1983 , reflecting the major boundary changes effected by the local government act 1972 .
the specie holdings of the banks largely found their way into the confederate treasury in payment for a $ 15,000,000 loan effected early in 1861 .
in this role , he set about training the numerous fresh troops raised by the empire , and effected a reconciliation with the ghassanid ruler al - mundhir , restoring thus the traditional byzantine alliance with his people .
he was consecrated in 1825 when all the bishops of england met , and a reconciliation was effected .
in early 1950 , legal us residency for some of the project paperclip specialists was effected through the us consulate in ciudad juárez , chihuahua , mexico ; thus , nazi scientists legally entered the us from latin america .
they agree that any transfers that take place should be effected in an orderly and humane manner .
further , she worked with the state department of education to create a teacher 's manual for use in the public schools detailing the changes effected in the court system as a result of the constitutional amendment .
six lifeboats belonging to the royal national lifeboat institution effected a rescue operation lasting fifty hours .
in many cases the shortages effected the emergency program more than it did the navy 's since its programs were deemed of higher priority in the eyes of the many wartime boards set up for deciding on where scare resources would be allocated .
at this point , oleg resorted to subterfuge : he effected a landing on the shore and had some 2,000 monoxylae equipped with wheels .
the legal arrangements were effected by the enactment of the malaysia act 1963 , the sabah , sarawak and singapore ( state constitutions ) order in council 1963 and the malaysia act 1963 .
if we could not have effected this we could have done nothing " .
it was also at sharnal street that telegram and mail collections were effected .
since this date , however , the umbrella has come into general use , and in consequence numerous improvements have been effected in it .
the nehru report deeply effected the politics of punjab as it did not only cause disappointment to the sikh community but was also responsible for the division among them especially over the communal clauses of it which provided for universal adult franchise in punjab with no reservation of seats for the minorities , as was done in other states excepting bengal , where the muslims were in minority .
at the present time and for several centuries past the title has been obtained only by an express grant from the sovereign effected by letters patent ; but a certain number of cities possess the title by very ancient prescriptive right .
the actual conquest of the country was not effected without a serious struggle with moslem fanaticism , especially at sfax ; but all tunisia was brought completely under french jurisdiction and administration , supported by military posts at every important point .
the effected leagues were the bcjhl , ajhl , sjhl , mjhl , and tbjhl .
the transition from a shadowy generic figure to one with such concrete actions was effected at a pantomime " harlequin and mother goose : or , the golden egg " in 1806 - 07 , ryoji tsurumi has shown ; the pantomime was first performed at the theatre royal , drury lane , 29 december , and many times repeated in the new year . "
through his influence , supported by lady chatham , the reconciliation of his uncle and richard grenville - temple , 2nd earl temple was effected in 1774 .
this was the start of the fusion which eventually effected so much music and life generally in cuba .
this is sometimes effected by the rapid striking together of the " chikari " between notes .
estelle never effected land .
studies in such places as høyanger , odda , tyssedal , rjukan , notodden , sauda , and others show that creolization has effected the formation of new dialects in these areas .
the assessment is fixed in money , and does not vary from year to year , in those cases where water is drawn from a government source of irrigation to convert dry land into wet , or into two - crop land , when an extra rent is paid to government for the water so appropriated ; nor is any addition made to the assessment for improvements effected at the ryot 's own expense .
there was a stop - motion incorporated effected by a swivel plate in the shuttle , which on dropping would engage on a hook in the shed .
similarly , guidance termination and missed approach will be effected upon pilot request and , for
he also effected his first odi stumping , the wicket of nathan astle in the second odi in wellington .
promotion is effected by turning the piece over after it moves , revealing the name of its promoted rank .
the reserve grade competition was as equally effected .
émile hennequin , director of the city police , ordered on 12 july 1942 that " the operations must be effected with the maximum speed , without pointless speaking and without comment . "
the effectiveness of these barriers are greatly effected by the installation methods and the integrity of the barrier being used ie no punctures etc .
" it is well established that the guarantee effected by s 51(xxxi ) of the constitution extends to protect against the acquisition , other than on just terms , of “ every species of valuable right and interest including ... choses in action ” .
the merger , which was propelled by a unanimous vote of both boards , was effected in order to streamline and strengthen efforts to protect america 's most endangered parcels of civil war history .
these proposed amendments would also have effected the distribution of greek cypriot and turkish cypriot persons serving the judicial , executive and municipal service arms of the government , in favour of a 70% to 30% split , weighted to the greek cypriot population majority ( 82% ) over the turkish cypriot minority ( 18% ) .
the combined traumas of the spanish war of independence , the consequent loss of most of spain ’s american empire in the early 19th century , and two disastrous carlist wars effected a new interpretation of spain ’s remaining empire .
the civil warrant may be served on the defendant by the sheriff or deputy of the county in which the defendant resides , unless the plaintiff opts to have service of process effected by an officer of the court .
teaming up with a co - producer for the first time in years , harrison decided to use russ titelman to help realize the music for " george harrison " , which was recorded at his home studio , entitled friar park , with string overdubs being effected at london 's air studios .
vijay manjrekar substituted for him and effected a stumping .
further , the british position was that it was preparing a new system of irish home rule which would be effected after the peace conference , and that it had tried to solve the irish question at the irish convention in 1917 which sinn féin had boycotted .
the rising interest in ice hockey effected the increasing number of players and then the teams .
about a.d. 1700 this was effected by means of a port - fire .
the first is the capture and restraint of a prisoner that was effected with strong , thin cord ( usually 3 - 4 millimeters ) called a " hayanawa " or “ fast rope ” , and
the final decision of the size and location of the mpas depends on the species and habitats effected , stakeholder and conservation goals , and how each individual mpa will function on its own and as part of the network .
in a letter to the secretary of state of february 17 , 1794 , he describes it as " a battery upon a hill in this island to the eastwards of the government house mounting two 24 pounders , two 32 pounder carronades , two 12 pounders , and one howitzer , which not only covers the battery in hog island ( paradise island ) but all the town and road to the eastward where the enemy might probably have effected a landing . "
the synthesis of long - chain biomolecules from the two - carbon precursor acetyl coa is effected by enol chemistry , which allows carbon - carbon bond forming reactions . fatty acid synthesis
later the rotation was effected by a cupped copper disc called a " gas check " attached to the base end of the projectile .
as a result , discharge statistics for the yakima river are heavily effected by the irrigation system .
from 1260 to 1347 the city was dominated by a series of different italian noble families and adventurers like facino cane , who in the unsettled affairs of lombardy had assembled a string of lordships and great wealth which he bequeathed to his wife , beatrice , and arranged with his friends that a marriage should be effected between her and filippo maria visconti .
the spanish garrisons reacted with panic after learning of tristan 's defeat and effected a massive withdrawal of their troops from jujuy and potosi towards oruro , in central upper peru .
an arrangement was effected , however , whereby that summons was cancelled , and luther went instead to augsburg in october 1518 to meet the papal legate , cardinal cajetan ; but neither the arguments of the cardinal , nor leo 's dogmatic papal bull of 9 november requiring all christians to believe in the pope 's power to grant indulgences , moved luther to retract .
1999 : allergan implemented a two - for - one stock split effected as a dividend to stockholders of record on november 18 , 1999 .
in 1486 the duke placed their taxation entirely in the hands of the city council , " that the expulsion might be effected the sooner . "
the tunnel was effected by the architect lucius cocceius auctus at the wishes of agrippa who was in the process of converting the lake into a military port , the " portus julius " .
his mother and wife were very badly effected by his death .
the active site must contain water to carry out hydrolysis within a hydrophobic environment in the interior of the cell membrane , although it is not well understood how water and proton exchange is effected , and as yet no x - ray crystallography structure of gamma secretase is available .
an admiring stuart reported , " the defeat of an expedition which might have proved so embarrassing entitles the officers who effected it to the award of distinguished skill and generalship . "
the old colony railroad and fall river railroad merged on march 25 , 1854 ( effected july 1 ) , forming the old colony and fall river railroad , which owned a two - pronged line from boston to plymouth and fall river , splitting at braintree .
sartorius conveyed pedro 's expeditionary force from the azores and safely effected their landing at mindelo , from where they were able to occupy oporto .
in the campaign of 217 bc we find him commanding a body of ten thousand select troops , and just before the battle of raphia he gave a singular proof of daring by penetrating with only two companions into the heart of the egyptian camp , in order to assassinate ptolemy himself . mistaking the king 's tent , he slew his physician instead , but effected his escape in safety , and returned to the syrian camp .
it was believed that cures would be effected through divine grace by incubating dreams within the confines of the temple .
it was last collected from that location in 1860 , but might have continued to grow there had it not been for the alteration of the island effected by the construction of mcalpine locks and dam on the falls in the early 1900s .
during its 22 years of existence , nocs has effected more than 4,500 missions and 205 arrests .
the visit was ostensibly for a day or two whilst repairs were effected , however she ended up staying for a month .
thus , even when reception was effected by a constitution , the common law was still subject to alteration by a legislature 's statute .
acetylene polymerizes in a similar fashion to ethylene : the polymerization can be effected with anionic , cationic , and radical initiators .
while men in the trenches could fire through a gap beneath the palings of the palisade , others on an earth bank behind the trenches could fire through gaps in the palings , while a third line of fire could be effected from the " taumaihi " .
by changing the field to one half of blue ( dexter ) and half of red ( sinister ) the arms are significantly different from the original , and there is effected , in conjunction with the silver tower , a combination of red , white , and blue - a new and distinctively american toledo coat .
in response , the administration of president gerald r. ford imposed its own precondition for normal relations by announcing that a full accounting of americans missing in action , including the return of any remains , would be required before normalization could be effected .
a fresh treaty in 1818 effected a readjustment of boundaries , ajmer and other lands being ceded .
the respect paid to ability in the salon effected a great advancement in the position of french men of letters .
however , such low level theories do not explain why running muscle fatigue is effected by information relevant to cost benefit trade offs .
in 1601 he was one of the principal parties who effected a reconciliation between the macdonalds and macleans of skye .
since the 1980s , new interlockings have tended to be of the electronic variety , which effect electronically what was previously effected with relays .
two other branches of the library system were damaged or effected in the flooding as well : bon air regional branch , iroquois branch , and shawnee branch libraries .
the fusion of law and equity was finally effected in the 1870s by the judicature acts .
shortly after everyone was effected in , creation trainer kevin browning discoverer came in and gave us the lowdown : fans would be texting ideas to the crew , who would passage them to a super concealment onstage that everyone could see .
it pertains to them in a special way so to illuminate and order all temporal things with which they are closely associated that these may always be effected and grow according to christ and maybe to the glory of the creator and redeemer .
crete is set in a region of the mediterranean that is geologically unstable , and thus the island has been effected by countless earthquakes which have caused drastic shifts in the terrain and left many of its ancient cities in ruins .
changes in the text , when made , were always effected with the idea of eliminating arbitrary mutilations and restoring the books to a perfect conformity with the old exemplars at paris and bologna .
bäke 's regiment formed one of the spearheads moving west to break the encirclement , and effected a link up with ii.ss - panzerkorps , creating an escape route for the army .
this encouraged the jacobins to seize power through a parliamentary " coup " , backed up by force effected by mobilising public support against the girondist faction , and by utilising the mob power of the parisian " sans - culottes " .
while there is a likelihood of canada being critically effected by local or close by volcanic eruptions argues that some kind of improvement program is required .
promotion is effected by turning the piece over after it moves , revealing the name of its promoted rank .
this is effected by making a small change to eqn ( 3 ) as follows
this union can be effected by formulas of conjuration .
impoundment of mithi river , 20 km north of mumbai , was effected to store the rainwater from a catchment area of 18.96 sq.km to create the vihar lake .
- tsunami relief fundraiser event for the 2004 tsunami that effected southeast asia .
reaching the neighbourhood of his brother henry , he sent him notice of his plight — was kindly received , re - clothed — and at length carried back to college , where his brother effected " a sort of reconciliation " between him and his tutor .
when asked by the secretary if he could be of any assistance , aragon requested the release of parajanov , which was effected by december of 1977 .
though the town has not been directly effected , a tornado did touch down in hamden , connecticut just 3 miles away .
stunning can be effected through asphyxiating the animals with carbon dioxide , shooting them with a gun or a captive bolt pistol , or shocking them with electric current .
the " transitions " that transport a ship from one star system to another are effected by holding the ship at just under light speed until it reaches precisely the right location and then accelerating it over , causing it to reappear at a " congruent " location that may be hundreds of light years away in ordinary space .
as a resident of indonesia for 17 years and more recently of bali , david witnessed the devastation and social upheaval which effected the people of bali after the bombing and so he readily accepted the role of chairman of ykip ( yayasan kemanusiaan ibu pertiwi ) or the " humanitarian foundation for mother earth " which was established to help the needy in bali through health and education programs .
not all responses to gibson 's visions have been positive , however ; virtual reality pioneer mark pesce , though acknowledging their heavy influence on him and that " no other writer had so eloquently and emotionally effected the direction of the hacker community , " dismissed them as " adolescent fantasies of violence and disembodiment " .
these decrees , while promulgated by colonial officials effected rural areas only fleetingly . bonded and caste communities remained in serfdom like conditions until at least the world war i period , when a series of population movements and communal resistance changed many of these dependence relationships .
a major revamp in the armed forces set - up was effected on march 30 , 1950 when president elpidio quirino issued e.o. no .
most states have effected statutes relating to the sale of goods , such as the " sale of goods act 1896 " ( qld ) , which imply conditions and warranties in relation to fitness and merchantibility .
under the 1988 redistribution effected at the 1989 state election , the seat moved further north and west , taking in the labor strongholds of balga , western australia , mirrabooka and westminster which had previously been in the abolished seat of balga , while losing the northern part of morley .
based on reports from australian h.q. middle east that the health of the troops had been suffering the new australian prime minister arthur fadden and his successor john curtin rejected requests from winston churchill to change their minds and the replacement of the division was effected by the royal navy between august and october .
she also worked on issues relating to state residents who were effected by the september 11 attacks .
they also completed the 32 ' pedal reed which had previously been effected electronically .
the first step in europeans ' wresting the means of production was effected by nicolaes witsen , the enterprising burgomaster of amsterdam and member of the governing board of the dutch east india company who urged joan van hoorn , the dutch governor at batavia that some coffee plants be obtained at the export port of mocha in yemen , the source of europe 's supply , and established in the dutch east indies ; the project of raising many plants from the seeds of the first shipment met with such success that the dutch east india company was able to supply europe 's demand with " java coffee " by 1719 .
for example , addictive behavior , such as drug use or gambling , may cause a person to be less effective in the workplace , increase insurance costs , or may have adverse effects on relationships with family or friends , which could be effected harmful enough to be considered victims .
about 11 a. m. , the 3d and 4th effected an entrance into the tannery with their bayonets , through the brick walls .
section 1(2 ) effected consequential amendments to section 7(2 ) of the public order act 1936 and section 1(1 ) of the public meetings act 1908 which had previously specified the penalty and mode of trial for those two offences .
another sub - committee dealt with council tenant issues only , while the third concerned itself with wider estate action improvements , which effected tenants and homeowners .
in some cases , service of process may be effected through the mail as in some small claims court procedures .
he was a driving force behind the mobilization reform effected in the early 1930s ( the new mobilization plans were mainly drafted by the then lieutenant colonel aksel airo ) .
change of pitch was effected entirely by the lips ( the horn not being equipped with valves until the 19th century ) .
his only surviving work is the " metamorphoses " , ( " metamorphoseon synagoge " " μεταμορφώσεων συναγωγή " , literally " collection of transformations " ) , a collection of forty - one very briefly summarised tales about mythical metamorphoses effected by offended deities , unique in that they are couched in prose , not verse .
they theorized about the circulation of the blood ( independently of harvey ) , the theoretical possibility of flight , the way the moon effected the tides , and the wave - like nature of light .
the staircase of stone , as well as the unusual dado of mahogany in the library on the first floor , date from the transformations effected by the marquis de marigny .
the oxidation of pyridine is effected with peracetic acid , a reaction that affords the protonated derivative .
it is not effected by atmospheric heating that would otherwise destroy an object entering earth 's atmosphere without a heat shield .
cooling could also be effected by placing reflectors in the atmosphere or on the surface .
this can cause a 75% mortality rate of the effected plants " ( stubbendieck et al .
double deprotonation can be effected in nh3 solution to give [ hnso3]2−.
augustus then effected roman withdrawal from magna germania ( completed by ad 16 ) and established the boundary of the roman empire as being the rhine and the danube .
causing the band chemistry to be effected , ace later rejoined hanging garden in october 2008 and they got their act together and their performance got better .
in 1504 , anne , eager to keep brittany separate from the french crown , effected the treaty of blois , which promised claude 's hand in marriage to the future holy roman emperor charles v with the promise of brittany and the duchy of burgundy .
