where cerebus is the elector of the new clow card master , yue is the judge who is allowed to test the candidate for their worthiness .
he then was an unsuccessful democratic candidate for governor , served as presidential elector on the republican ticket in 1856 , and served as member of the state constitutional convention in 1857 .
his most important architecture was the palace of frederick v , elector palatine and king of bohemia in rhenen , built 1630/31 according to the conception of bartholomeus van bassen .
charles philip succeeded his brother johann wilhelm , elector palatine on his death in 1716 .
elector august of saxony started to purposefully collect objects of art and for a part stored them in the munition and armour chamber .
massimi was made president of the pontifical commission for the codification of oriental canon law on february 17 , 1936 , and served as a cardinal elector in the 1939 papal conclave that selected pope pius xii , who named him president of the pontifical commission for the interpretation of the code of canon law on march 14 , 1939 .
the states ' two powerful democratic senators , allen j. ellender of houma and russell b. long of baton rouge , however , endorsed the johnson - humphrey elector slate .
once the elector and his co - commander , marshal marsin , knew of the allies ' objective , they dispatched count d'arco with an advance force 12,000 men from their main camp at dillingen to strengthen and hold the schellenberg heights above the town .
after being formally enfeoffed as elector frederick i of brandenburg , he quartered the arms of hohenzollern ( " quarterly sable and argent " ) and the burgravate of nuremberg ( " or , a lion sable within a border compony gules and argent " ) with the brandenburg red eagle .
they looked forward to besieging bonn , the elector 's capital city , to which they laid siege on 21 december 1583 , and which they took , through storming , on 28 january 1584 .
the rule was that there were no kings within the empire , but if a ruler subject to the emperor also possessed a large territory outside the empire he might claim this title as the elector of brandenburg had done , styling himself king in prussia based on his sovereignty over the duchy of prussia .
a major obstacle to such citizen suits has been lack of standing , as the only plaintiff who was a presidential candidate or presidential elector was alan keyes .
in 1872 , he was ran as a democrat for presidential elector on the horace greeley ticket , jointly nominated by democrats and liberal republicans , but new york was won by ulysses s. grant .
in 1802 , elector max joseph of bavaria made known his seizure of the high monastery at bamberg and of franconia , and a few years later ( 1808 ) , king max – as he was by then known – visited the town .
born a princess of bavaria , the youngest child of prince - elector ferdinand maria , she married the heir to the tuscan throne , ferdinando de ' medici , in 1689 .
the court theatre was opened for the public already in 1795 under charles theodore , elector of bavaria .
he launched his musical career as a violinist with tommaso antonio vitali in modena , in 1704 he joined the court of maximilian ii emanuel , elector of bavaria as " kammermusiker " .
his works are of great rarity , and the chief are a series representing frederick v , elector palatine and elizabeth of bohemia as well as their children .
one step led to another , and as all efforts at union failed the elector invited martin bucer to cologne in 1542 .
the greek name for amber was " ηλεκτρον " ( " electron " ) and was connected to the sun god , one of whose titles was " elector " or the " awakener " .
upon his death in 1440 , frederick was succeeded as elector by his second - eldest son , frederick ii .
the sheriff must be at least 25 years old , have been a resident of oklahoma for two years , a qualified elector in the county , and possess at least a high school diploma .
founded in 1734 by king george ii of great britain and the elector of hanover , it opened for classes in 1737 .
sophie was a daughter of the elector of brandenburg john george ( 1525–1598 ) by his second marriage with sabina of brandenburg - ansbach ( 1548–1575 ) , daughter of margrave george of brandenburg - ansbach .
joachim i nestor ( 21 february 1484 – 11 july 1535 ) was a prince - elector of the margraviate of brandenburg ( 1499 - 1535 ) .
he was the third and youngest son of john v , prince of anhalt - zerbst by his wife margarete , daughter of joachim i nestor , elector of brandenburg .
in 1876 , he ran for presidential elector on the republican rutherford b. hayes ticket , but new york was won by samuel j. tilden .
joachim ii hector , elector of brandenburg .
frederick had become elector of brandenburg as frederick i in 1415 , and on his death , 21 september 1440 , his territories were divided between his sons ; kulmbach ( bayreuth ) went to the eldest , john " the alchemist " , while the second , frederick , received brandenburg and ansbach passed to the third son albert achilles .
( b ) " one elector from nevada did not vote '
the dignity of elector was extremely prestigious and second only to king or emperor .
but another decline set in , and in 1462 at the instigation of frederick i , elector palatine , the community reverted to the benedictine observance .
he was a presidential elector in 1816 , casting his vote for james monroe ( 1758 - 1837 ) .
joachim ernst von grumbkow acquired it in 1680 and , in 1691 , sold it for 16,000 thalers to frederick iii , prince - elector of brandenburg , who had fallen in love with the property earlier .
his most important equestrian sculpture is that of the " great elector " , frederick william of brandenburg , cast in 1708 and placed at " lange brücke " near the berlin city palace , now situated in the honor court before charlottenburg palace .
his eldest surviving son , frederick christian , eventually succeeded his father as elector of saxony , but not as king of poland .
in the event this move contributed decisively to the victory of brandenburg but also to the displeasure of the elector .
1836 , elected to new york 's 8th district , and in the same election , was voted to be and elector for new york .
the elector renewed his prohibition against polemical writings .
the elector frederick persuaded the pope to have luther examined at augsburg , where the imperial diet was held .
from there , he was appointed as a successor to the sculptor paul egell as court sculptor to charles theodore , elector palatine , in mannheim , germany .
in 1674 , the army of the elector of brandenburg crossed the neckar on the way to strasbourg , to be followed by the lüneburg - zellsche army .
the base requirement was that an elector be a british subject , male , aged 21 or over , and able to write their own name and address and sign their name on the registration form .
he was a democratic presidential elector in 1892 , a democratic candidate for congress in 1900 , and a member of the sixty - first to the sixty - third congresses ( 1909 - 15 ) , but resigned in 1914 to become ambassador to france by appointment of president wilson .
the city was fortified and at the present site of the castle there was a fortress called " friedrichsburg " , sometimes serving as alternative residence for the elector , one of the most important territorial princes of the holy roman empire .
on order of the duke maximilian i ( elector of bavaria ) , they were taken to münich , exposed to a torture so fierce that they confessed everything they were questioned about .
certain austrian holdings in germany were passed to french allies — the king of bavaria , the king of württemberg and the elector of baden .
however , the elector of brandenburg , joachim i , blamed lutheranism for the revolt and so did others .
buckingham 's popularity suffered further when he was blamed for the failure of the military expedition under the command of ernst von mansfeld , a famous german mercenary general , sent to the continent to recover the palatinate ( 1625 ) , which had belonged to frederick v , elector palatine , son - in - law of king james i of england .
in 1850 he was a delegate to the indiana state constitutional convention and a presidential elector on the democratic ticket in 1852 .
with the help of the wealthy fugger family , charles defeated the candidacy fredrick the wise , the elector of saxony after fredrick withdrew giving charles the crown on 28 june 1519 .
meanwhile , marlborough 's and baden 's forces would combine , totalling 80,000 men , for the march on the danube to seek out the elector and marsin before they could be reinforced .
the town palais " von der leyen house " ( ger . " haus von der leyen " ) named after its builder , district magistrate , and governor of the prince - elector " georg iii von der leyen " dates back to 1600 .
her father was a fourth - generation descendant of john frederick , elector of saxony in direct male line .
the elector was the most important patron of the reforms .
the elector 's theologians , though exceedingly dubious regarding his course , finally yielded , and john frederick selected nicolaus von amsdorf for the place and had him ordained by luther .
king william i of prussia was satisfied with the colour choice : the red and white were also taken to represent the margraviate of brandenburg , the imperial elector state that was a predecessor of the kingdom of prussia .
which roll an elector was on affected the value of their vote in a constituencies and districts .
at that point frederick the wise , the saxon elector , intervened .
based on the terms of the treaty , ferdinand guaranteed maximilian dignity as a prince - elector .
their daughter was married in 1682 to george louis , the son of her father 's brother ernest augustus , elector of hanover for dynastical reasons .
the troops from the various territories of elector frederick william had traditionally been in separate commands .
joachim iii frederick was born in cölln to john george , elector of brandenburg , and sophie , princess of liegnitz ( legnica ) .
this led otto iii and wartislaw x to ally with the elector of brandenburg on 6 september 1459 , and with denmark on 27 july 1462 , both alliances were directed against eric ii .
after this great war , many reformed , but also some catholic , foreigners were brought in from switzerland , the netherlands , belgium and the lower rhine region under charles i louis , elector palatine ’s population policies .
after congress , he served as presidential elector on the whig ticket in 1840
in the days that followed , these demands were reduced in negotiations between the council and the board to 16 points , which were likely also taken up with the elector afterwards .
frederick v ( ) ( august 26 , 1596 – november 29 , 1632 ) was elector palatine ( 1610–23 ) , and , as frederick i ( ) , king of bohemia ( 1619–20 , for his short reign here often nicknamed the winter king , czech : " zimní král " ; german : " winterkönig " ) .
one of many royal crowns was made for king august ii , elector of saxony when he became king of poland in 1697 .
this designation was accomplished during the time that the " reichskammergericht " was active in wetzlar ( 1693 – 1806 ) , when the elector - archbishop of trier was monastery provost , making the church a " bishop 's church " .
in königsberg , the " great elector " further had to meet the swedish demands for pillau and memel , promise financial and military aid , and surrender half of the port duties to sweden .
he was the son of maximilian ii emanuel , elector of bavaria , and theresa kunegunda sobieska , and the grandson of polish king john iii sobieski .
also in 1846 he served as a presidential elector on the democratic ticket .
his second marriage was to elisabeth sofie of brandenburg , daughter of john george , elector of brandenburg , on 27 march 1613 in berlin .
however , the dresden opera house was destroyed by the prussians in the seven years ' war ( 1756–63 ) , breaking up the remarkable group of musicians assembled by elector frederick augustus ii .
each elector had as many votes as there were seats to be filled .
the rococo design was commissioned from johann daniel schade ( 1730 - 1798 ) who had been the architect in charge of the royal building projects , and was completed about 1776 , then a summer residence of elector frederick augustus iii of saxony .
elizabeth of lorraine ∞ " maximilian i , elector of bavaria " ∞ maria anna of austria |
christ'l ends up in the pavilion with stanislaus , believing him to be the elector .
born in dresden , he was the youngest surviving son of johann georg i , elector of saxony , and his second wife magdalene sibylle of prussia .
equally criticised were the prince 's sleep - walking and the trick played by the elector .
frederick v 's territories and his position as elector were transferred to the duke of bavaria , maximilian i , of a distantly related branch of the house of wittelsbach .
he served as presidential elector on the democratic ticket of douglas and johnson in 1860 .
he was a presidential elector on the whig ticket in 1852 .
in 1802 the cathedral chapter of augsburg and the university were secularized and became part of bavaria , whose elector , by rescript of 3 november , 1803 , abolished the university of dillingen .
his hostility towards the reformers , however , was not so extreme as that of his brother joachim i , elector of brandenburg ; and he appears to have exerted himself in the interests of peace , although he was a member of the league of nuremberg , which was formed in 1538 as a counterpoise to the league of schmalkalden .
this attitude incurred the enmity of the opponents of the interim , especially after he cancelled a number of passages in the second edition of his " psalterium " in which he had violently attacked the position of maurice , elector of saxony , whom he now requested to prohibit all polemical treatises proceeding from magdeburg , while he condemned the preachers of torgau who were imprisoned in wittenberg on account of their opposition to the interim .
1 . otto henry ( 10 april 1502 – 12 february 1559 ) , count palatine of palatinate - neuburg ( 1505 - 1559 ) and elector palatine ( 1556 - 1559 )
with leopold i unwilling to fight on two fronts ; with a strong neutralist party in the dutch republic tying william 's hands ; and with the elector of brandenburg stubbornly holding to his alliance with louis xiv , there was no possible outcome but complete french victory .
the queen 's health was visibly breaking , and the tory ministers anticipated their downfall on the accession of the elector of hanover .
also , in north dakota , one elector voted for the democrats and one for the populists , while the republicans had won the state .
the remaining dukes wartislaw x and erich ii on one side , and the brandenburgian elector on the other side both claim otto 's teilherzogtum .
he was the fifth but second surviving son of john christian , duke of brzeg - legnica - wołów - oława , by his first wife dorothea sybille , daughter of john george , elector of brandenburg .
his parents were philip , elector palatine , and margaret , daughter of louis ix , duke of bavaria - landshut .
in 1787 he also moved to mainz , where he became a court kapellmeister for the elector friedrich karl joseph von erthal .
her eldest surviving brother frederick christian became the elector of saxony in 1763 after a reign of only 74 days .
when uthman 's kin , especially marwan , gained control over him , uthman lost control over his caliphate and many of the noble companions including most of the the members of elector council , withdrew their support .
he was sent by the elector to england and holland to pursue his studies there , and in holland established amicable relations with figures like rabbi david ben aryeh leib of lida , formerly of lithuania , and then head of the ashkenazi community in amsterdam .
in 1691 elector frederick iii acquired the neighbouring schönhausen palace from the heirs of general joachim ernst von grumbkow , which promoted the development of the pankow village .
in 1828 , quarles was again elected to the state house of representatives , and was elector on the democratic ticket of jackson and calhoun .
in 1505 elector joachim i of brandenburg called wimpina to frankfort - on - the - oder to organize the new university and to be its first rector ; he was several times dean of the theological faculty .
in 1860 , he was even nominated as an elector for abraham lincoln .
in 1395 it passed to the elector palatine and , together with the surrounding district , became part of baden in 1814 .
after the elector of trier had demanded that the townsmen turn a lutheran preacher out of the town , a board made up of townsmen who were ineligible for council functions handed the council a 30-point comprehensive list of demands on 24 may. it dealt mainly with financial participation and equality in taxation , trade and building issues with the merchant class .
the elector of saxony , the landgrave of hesse and other north german princes not only protected luther from retaliation from the edict of outlawry issued by the holy roman emperor , charles v , but also used state power to enforce the establishment of lutheran worship in their lands .
in 1960 , treen opposed the election of both richard nixon and john f. kennedy as president and ran as an elector for the louisiana states ' rights party , which supported virginia democratic u.s. senator harry f. byrd , sr .
rudolf ii in 1353 , he inherited his domains and became sole elector for the territory , whereas they had previously shared that privilege .
reign as elector .
he soon had a dispute with the elector of cologne .
her mother dorothea sophie of neuburg was a daughter of philipp wilhelm , elector palatine of the rhine and landgravine elisabeth amalie of hesse - darmstadt .
he briefly dabbled in the know nothing political movement , serving as a presidential elector in 1856 , but then joined the democratic party in 1858 , attending the national convention that year .
with those and with the säkularisation in 1802 incorporate to the prince - elector ( kurfürstentum ) and later to the kingdom of bavaria ( königreich bayern ) .
albert 's wishes no doubt centered upon the neighboring archdiocese of salzburg ; but in 1569 , when elector salentin vii of isenburg - grenzau incurred difficulties with the curia for non - recognition of the council of trent and was contemplating resignation , ernest was proposed by his father , who had the support of the spanish government at brussels , as salentin 's successor .
in 1866 , " kurhessen " , as hesse - kassel was known under the elector ( " kurfürst " ) , and thereby also the villages now in lohra , were annexed by prussia , and along with the likewise absorbed nassau were made into the prussian province of hesse - nassau .
when albert died in 1568 , his teenage son albert frederick inherited the duchy ; joachim ii , elector of brandenburg , secured co - enfeoffment ( " mitbelehnung " ) of the duchy in the same year .
the elector of cologne appointed hueber as his theologian .
the painter peter lely , later to win fame in england , was born in 1618 to dutch parents in soest , where his father was an officer serving in the armed forces of the elector of brandenburg .
among elizabeth 's suitors was king gustavus adolphus of sweden , but she was eventually betrothed to the elector palatine in 1612 .
subsequently , the elector divorced gertrud .
when elector frederick iii crowned himself frederick i , king in prussia , in 1701 , the duchy of magdeburg became part of the new kingdom of prussia .
( c ) " oklahoma faithless elector henry d. irwin , though pledged to vote for richard nixon and henry cabot lodge , jr. , instead voted for non - candidate harry f. byrd .
augustus the strong , elector of saxony , returned from a grand tour through france and italy in 1687–89 , just at the moment that louis xiv moved his court to versailles .
he was a member of the virginia house of delegates and a presidential elector .
albert was born in grimma as the third and youngest son ( but fifth child in order of birth ) of frederick ii the gentle , elector of saxony , and margarete of austria , sister of frederick iii , holy roman emperor .
the winter queen’ ( about elizabeth stuart , wife of frederick v , elector palatine who accepted the crown of bohemia ) , to be published posthumously in 2008 .
in 1778 he became director of the prince elector archbishop of cologne court theatre in bonn .
the primary setting for " wfrp " is the empire , a region of the old world based loosely on the holy roman empire , with a number of baronies , counties and dukedoms fashioned after the fiefs of elector counts and dukes .
he was appointed prince - elector , but died before the appointment became effective .
maurice ( 21 march 1521 – 9 july 1553 ) was duke ( 1541–47 ) and later elector ( 1547–53 ) of saxony .
especially in the holy roman empire , a large number of prince - bishops , prince - archbishops and superiors of the regular clergy ( mainly prince - abbots , but also -abbesses , prince - provosts and grand masters ) obtained for their seats , concurrent with the ecclesiastical office , one or more secular feudal estates of various status and importance ( from tiny mere lordships to fairly great principalities such as duchies ) , that would otherwise be hereditary and often had been ; in other cases territories were carved out especially by a higher authority , such as the empire , notably for an ( arch)diocese or monastery , under such names as " stift " ( german ; in the case of a diocese rather " hochstift " , for an archdiocese rather " erzstift " ) or " sticht " ( dutch ) , both meaning foundation , e.g. to set up a close relative as its first prelate ; occasionally a normal secular style principality was created but immediately awarded to a prelate , such as the duchy of westphalia for the archbishop and prince - elector of cologne .
in march 1544 frederick succeeded his brother louis v as prince - elector of the palatinate .
it is located in the " johanneum " in dresden , germany , which was built between 1586 and 1591 by the master fortress builder , paul buchner , on behalf of the prince elector christian i of saxony .
he was of the house of hohenzollern and is popularly known as the great elector ( " der große kurfürst " ) because of his military and political skill .
maximilian joseph inherited charles theodor 's title of elector of bavaria , while wilhelm was compensated with the title of duke " in " bavaria .
finally prince - elector frederick of brandenburg , was called in to referee the dispute .
in the austro - prussian war of 1866 , the reactionary prince - elector of hesse had backed austria ; prussia won , and invaded ( without any bloodshed ) and annexed hesse - kassel ( as well as hanover , the city of frankfurt , and other territories ) north of the main river , while likewise pro - austrian hesse - darmstadt remained independent .
in 1698 he was sent as ambassador to brussels , and after the death of ernst augustus in the same year he entered the service of the elector palatine , johann wilhelm , at düsseldorf , where he held the offices of privy councillor and protonotary of the holy see . invested with these high honours , steffani could scarcely continue to produce dramatic compositions in public without grievous breach of etiquette .
with the death of charles ' son maximilian iii joseph , elector of bavaria the bavarian branch died out in 1777 .
in 1708 they formally confirmed george 's position as a prince - elector in recognition of , or because of , his service .
in 1856 , he was a delegate to the convention that formed the republican party , and he was an elector for 1856 republican presidential nominee john c. frémont .
maria was born to louis vi , elector palatine and elisabeth of hesse .
the cologne war , 1583–1589 , was triggered by the 1582 conversion of the archbishop - prince elector of cologne , gebhard truchsess von waldburg , to calvinism , and his subsequent marriage to agnes von mansfeld - eisleben in 1583 .
he was a presidential elector on the republican ticket in the united states presidential election , 1872 .
the ruler of mainz , elector and archbishop friedrich karl joseph von erthal , had fled the city .
together with the prince elector of mainz , burggraf friedrich of nuremberg hosted many of many delegates sent by the cities at the castle .
his grandfather , aseph fletcher , was a member of the convention which applied to congress for the admission of vermont into the union , and served for several sessions in the vermont legislature , was a county judge and presidential elector .
abraham scultetus ( august 24 , 1566 , grünberg – october 24 , 1625 , emden ) was a professor of theology and the court preacher for the elector of the palatinate frederick v.
the territory was annexed by the kingdom of westphalia in 1806 , but restored to the elector in 1813 .
he served as presidential elector on the constitutional - union ticket of bell and everett in 1860 .
kaiserswerth fell on 26 june before the elector led his army on bonn which , having endured a heavy bombardment , finally capitulated on 10 october .
one of the staunchest of these had been the prince - elector of bavaria , maximilian iv joseph , and on january 1 , 1806 , he formally assumed the title king maximilian i of bavaria .
the able financier bombarda was thus called to the académie in 1703 and left the elector 's services to set up himself and his family in paris in 1705 , in a house on rue d'argenteuil , not far from the palais - royal , where he died in 1712 .
he threw his influence into the scale in favor of the elector of hanover , and was powerfully influential in bringing about the peaceful accession of george i , and in defeating the design of the jacobites to place the son of james ii on the throne .
( 1 ) 1988 election : west virginia elector margaret leach , pledged for democrats michael dukakis and lloyd bentsen , instead cast her votes for the candidates in the reverse of their positions on the national ticket ; her presidential vote went to bentsen and her vice presidential vote to dukakis .
in january 1801 he was appointed austrian envoy to the elector of saxony , where he established contact with many important russian and polish families .
the first landlords , the lords of hagenhausen – later of eppstein – sold the " amt " of steinheim in 1425 along with weiskirchen , a village belonging to it , to the archbishop and elector of mainz , to whom the village belonged until 1803 .
he became the first presidential elector to cast a vote for a woman when , in the presidential election of 1972 , he voted for the libertarian party candidates john hospers for president and theodora ( tonie ) nathan for vice president .
the treaty of lunéville ( 1801 ) , which ceded territory on the rhine 's left bank to france , led to the abolition of the archbishoprics of trier and cologne , and the transfer of the remaining spiritual elector from mainz to regensburg .
during this time , the trends set in motion by the great elector reached their culmination , as the junkers , the landed aristocracy , were welded to the prussian army .
elector louis iii died ten years later and was succeeded by the eldest son of his second marriage , louis iv .
each ballot paper is individually numbered and each elector has a number .
but already in 1370 , he lost celle to the ascanian dukes of saxe - wittenberg ( albert and his uncle wenceslas , elector of saxe - wittemberg ) , who had been given the principality by charles iv , holy roman emperor , who had also banned magnus .
bianconi was doctor at the court of joseph ignaz philipp von hessen - darmstadt , prince - bishop of augsburg , from 1744 and councillor to augustus iii , elector of saxony , at dresden .
marshal villeroi in the spanish netherlands and marshal tallard along the rhine – into thinking his target was alsace or the moselle farther to the north , but when the elector was notified on 5 june of marlborough 's march from the low countries , he had feared , correctly , that it was his principality of bavaria that was the allies real target .
from 1720 it served temporarily as the residence of the prince - elector karl philip after he moved away from heidelberg .
he was judge of the state superior court from 1835 to 1837 , a member of the georgia senate in 1843 - 1844 , and a presidential elector on the democratic ticket in 1844 .
thanks to the privilege of elector rudolf iii of saxony in 1408 he could maintain the unity of his duchy , despite the protest of his brothers , who claimed their own districts .
she married maximilian i , elector of bavaria , a recent widower .
the other , preston parks , cast his votes for states ' rights democratic party candidates strom thurmond and fielding wright , making him a faithless elector .
he was raised for a career in the church and spent some time at the court of hermann iv of hesse , elector of cologne , who appointed him canon of the cologne cathedral .
grumbkow served in both the brandenburg army and the civil administration of frederick william , elector of brandenburg .
peterson was an influential democrat and in 1892 he was a presidential elector in support of grover cleveland .
during the presidential election of 1860 , he actively supported the northern democrat stephen a. douglas , and was nominated as a presidential elector .
sir charles ( carl august von ) alten ( 1764–1840 ) , hanoverian and british soldier , son of baron alten , a member of an old hanoverian family , entered the service of the elector as a page at the age of twelve .
after john iii 's death on 11 june 1420 , the two principalities were reunited under frederick vi , who had become elector frederick i of brandenburg in 1415 .
as a result of the wars of succession of the french revolution he was the last duke of zweibrücken , becoming in 1799 palatine and bavarian elector and in 1806 the first king of bavaria .
the roman catholic theatine church st. cajetan ( " theatinerkirche st. kajetan " ) in munich was built from 1663 to 1690 , it was founded by elector ferdinand maria and his wife , henriette adelaide of savoy , as a gesture of thanks for the birth of the long - awaited heir to the bavarian crown , prince max emanuel , in 1662 .
she was the daughter of the well - connected philipp wilhelm , elector palatine .
a new nunciature was established by pius vi in munich in 1785 , requested by charles theodore , elector of bavaria .
bodeck then became the chancellor to elector joachim frederick of brandenburg .
in 1654 he captured dietrich karl zu wylich - winnenthal , the leader of an uprising against elector frederick william , and brought him to spandau .
however , george tried to bequeath the duchy to his daughter elizabeth and her husband ruprecht of the palatinate , third son of philip , elector palatine .
in the treaty of hanover ( 1710 ) , brunswick - lüneburg ( hanover ) allied with russia , whose elector was to become george i of great britain .
the elector of bavaria and the duke of lorraine , disturbed by knowing of men killed , and women raped , gave good orders that the butchery must stop , and the lives of over 2000 turks were saved . "
in the same manner after the death of bishop pflug ( died 1564 ) , the last catholic bishop of naumburg , the elector confiscated the diocese of naumburg and forbade the exercise of the catholic religion .
in 1673 , mainz elector johann philipp von schönborn had the complex razed .
the main building was built by enrico zuccalli for the prince - elector of cologne , joseph clemens of bavaria from 1697–1705 .
no attempt was made to rectify this error , the result being that ohio was short five congressional seats during the decade , and one elector at each of the presidential elections in 1812 , 1816 and 1820 .
in may 1804 , napoleon made him grand chamberlain and vice - elector of the empire .
meanwhile he had been appointed physician to the elector of bavaria ; but in 1670 he was again in vienna advising on the establishment of a silk factory and propounding schemes for a great company to trade with the low countries and for a canal to unite the rhine and danube .
from that time forth , the count palatine of the rhine was usually known as the elector palatine ( " kurfürst von der pfalz " ) .
its success in battle against sweden and poland increased brandenburg - prussia 's prestige , while also allowing the great elector to pursue absolutist policies against estates and towns .
soon enough the ministry under abel proved to be strictly catholic , following the traditions of elector maximilian i of bavaria .
on the frontispiece of his edition of palladio , leoni titled himself " architect to his most serene highness the elector palatine .
garrott served as an elector for john c. breckinridge 's failed 1860 presidential election campaign .
he was a presidential elector on the republican ticket in 1884 .
during the thirty years war from 1618 to 1648 , this collection of manuscripts and early printed books was taken as a booty by maximilian i , elector of bavaria and presented to the pope .
when in 1476 the głogów line of the piast dynasty became extinct with the death of henry xi , fights over his succession broke out between his cousin duke jan ii the mad of żagań and elector albert iii achilles of brandenburg , the father of henry 's widow barbara of hohenzollern .
in 1860 , he was a presidential elector on the democratic ticket of breckinridge and lane .
hall was in 1976 a sixth congressional district elector for the fledgling libertarian party , pledged that year to the virginian roger macbride .
the new elector took the guardianship of the little orphan wilhelmina maria , who was raised in the court .
the rule was that there were no kings within the empire , but if a ruler subject to the emperor also possessed a large territory outside the empire he might claim this title as the elector of brandenburg had done , styling himself king in prussia based on his sovereignty over the duchy of prussia .
however , for the present the efforts of gustavus adolphus prevented the elector from deserting him , but the position was changed by the death of the king at lützen in 1632 , and the refusal of saxony to join the protestant league under swedish leadership .
frederick william i entered the war as elector of brandenburg and king in prussia - the royal title had been secured in 1701 .
their only son frederick william later became known as the " great elector " .
the french thinker voltaire was a frequent visitor to his court , the elector made numerous reforms during his reign and founded scientific institutions .
he was a presidential elector on the william henry harrison tickets in 1836 and 1840 .
bishop johann ii of fleckenstein and elector ludwig iii shared all rights at and in dirmstein , each getting half .
he served as presidential elector on the adams ticket in 1824 .
when she died with no surviving heirs in 1714 , the throne passed to the elector of hanover , who became george i and whose descendants played a major role in popularising cricket in london .
born in meissen , he was the fifth of the seven children of ernest , elector of saxony and elizabeth of bavaria - munich .
cardinal aponte was a cardinal elector in the two conclaves of 1978 .
he was named papal datary on february 25 , 1938 , and served as a cardinal elector in the 1939 papal conclave that selected pope pius xii ,
as a consequence of the 1801 treaty of lunéville , the bishopric of würzburg was secularized in 1803 and annexed by the elector of bavaria .
the campaigns were ended by the peace of prenzlau of may 31 , 1472 and the pomeranian dukes gave the pledge of allegiance to the elector .
ferdinand of bavaria ( october 6 , 1577 – september 13 , 1650 ) was prince - elector archbishop of the archbishopric of cologne ( germany ) from 1612 to 1650 as successor of ernest of bavaria .
in 1635 , spain responded by intervening against the elector of trier , a significant move that effectively forced a french declaration of war .
luther and his wife moved into a former monastery , " the black cloister , " a wedding present from the new elector john the steadfast ( 1525–32 ) .
hohenzollern goes further and attributes the guilt to the elector , as he caused the prince 's confusion and consequent insubordination by the trick he played on him , and therefore bears the responsibility himself .
in april 2005 , following the pope 's death , he traveled to the vatican as a cardinal elector to participate in the conclave that selected pope benedict xvi .
near the end of the seven years ' war prussian troops conquered the elector of saxonys hunting lodge , hubertusburg , near leipzig .
about 1660 elector john george ii of saxony had several vineyards laid out at the hillside , that soon became a fashionable recreational and residential area for the dresden nobility and wealthy bourgeois like the composer heinrich schütz or the goldsmith johann melchior dinglinger .
in 1649 bremen 's chapter , meanwhile lutheran , sold the shrine with the alleged relics to elector maximilian i of bavaria .
he served as presidential elector on the republican ticket in 1860 .
in 1425 , the lords of eppstein sold the " amt " of steinheim along with hainhausen to the archbishop and elector of mainz .
thus spurred to renewed efforts against the hussites , the elector was endeavouring to rouse the german princes to aid him in prosecuting this war when the saxon army was almost annihilated at aussig on the 16 august 1426 .
in 1789 , he was a presidential elector and on september 25 , 1789 he was nominated by president george washington to be the first federal district judge for the united states district court for the district of new jersey , a new seat created by 1 stat .
during my absence , " he wrote to the elector , " satan has entered my sheepfold , and committed ravages which i can not repair by writing , but only by my personal presence and living word . "
in 1668 , elector charles i louis forced lotharingian troops from the castle and razed the fortications .
in december 1677 , the elector of brandenburg captured stettin .
under the command of the elector john george iii of saxony , he fought in the battle of vienna ( 1683 ) .
he was also chosen as a presidential elector in 1793 , 1801 , and 1809 .
from 1610 until 1612 he was the guardian of frederick v , elector palatine .
the duke was determined to lure the elector into battle before tallard arrived with reinforcements ; but since the battle on the schellenberg neither allied commander could agree on their next move , resulting in a protracted siege of rain .
in 1868 he was a presidential elector from this state , and cast his vote for ulysses grant .
for a time he was a candidate in the free election to the polish throne , opposing casimir iv jagiellon ( grand duke of lithuania ) , but eventually bolesław decided to withdraw and supported casimir , in order to ensure the defeat of another contender , frederick ii , elector of brandenburg .
he studied law at göttingen , graduated in 1816 , and took his seat as assessor in the judicial chamber of the board of government ( " regierungskollegium " ) at kassel , of which his father johann hassenpflug was also a member , in 1821 he was nominated by the new elector , william ii , fustisrat ( councillor of justice ) ; in 1832 he became " ministerialrat " and reporter ( referent ) to the ministry of hesse - kassel , and in may of the same year was appointed successively minister of justice and of the interior .
evidence also exists of a letter from 1456 by the brandenburg elector kurfürst friedrich ii of hohenzollern , " der eiserne " ( the iron one ) who had purchased the neumark region from the german templars in 1455 .
during this time , the trends set in motion by the great elector reached their culmination , as the junkers , the landed aristocracy , were welded to the prussian army .
mike padden is a lawyer , former member of the washington state legislature , a faithless elector , and a current district court judge residing in spokane , washington .
on the strength of the " gedanken über die nachahmung der griechischen werke " , augustus iii , king of poland and elector of saxony , granted him a pension of 200 thalers , so that he could continue his studies in rome .
early in the great northern war , charles xii of sweden campaigned in the polish - lithuanian commonwealth , where augustus the strong , elector of saxony , was king since 1697 .
he served as presidential elector on the democratic ticket in 1856 .
when padre resta gave the drawing of the deluge , which he had had from bellori , to max emmanuel of bavaria , he was pleased to hear that the elector treasured the gift and kept it on a table at his bedside ; but ‘ lo teneva per pittura d’annibale’.
the archduchess isabella clara eugenia , the elector maximilian i , and the emperor ferdinand ii had welcomed the congregation to their dominions , and together with such men as cardinal federigo borromeo , fra domenico de gesù , and father mutio vitelleschi , general of the society of jesus , held the foundress in great esteem .
around the end of the century , augustus the strong , king of poland and elector of saxony , had met the vivacious and beautiful princess lubomirska , and after the dissolution of her marriage , he used ursula 's relations with the cardinal - primate to meet her .
in return for aiding emperor leopold i during the war of the spanish succession , elector frederick iii of brandenburg was allowed to crown himself frederick i , king in prussia .
one of their sons was ernest augustus , elector of brunswick - lüneburg ( 1629–1698 ) , father of george i of great britain .
1742 elector karl theodor to pfalz - sulzbach becomes a duke of berg .
after philip christopher , elector of trier , had surrendered ehrenbreitstein to the french the town received an imperial garrison ( 1632 ) , which was soon , however , expelled by the swedes .
born in 1837 , he was the youngest member of the west virginia constitutional convention of 1862 - 63 , a u.s. assessor of the second west virginia district , a presidential elector for ulysses s. grant and a member of the mineral county court .
abbadie continued to occupy his pastorate at berlin until the death of the great elector , which took place 29 april 1688 .
at the latter diet the emperor directed the elector to admit pflug to his bishopric , and to repudiate amsdorf and the secular directors of the chapter .
she was born at the zwinger palace in dresden , the daughter of augustus iii of poland , elector of saxony and maria josepha , herself daughter of joseph i , holy roman emperor .
a republican , he was a presidential elector for the party , and in 1890 their candidate for governor of oregon .
