in the summer of 2006 the supreme court ruled that the bush presidency lacked the constitutional authority to empower guantanamo military commissions .
by the early 1990s , the slow progress prompted state and local officials to ask congress to empower the central utah water conservancy district to complete the planning and construction of the remaining portions of the central utah project , including the bonneville unit .
ultimately , we hope to empower patients with the knowledge to improve their own health and enhance their well - being . ”
the laf states that its mission is ' to inspire and empower ' cancer sufferers and their families .
according to a 2007 brookings institution paper examining voting behavior in the united states , irv can empower moderate voters .
the multimedia presentations must deal with either physics , chemistry , mathematics , life sciences , or the enabling information and communication technologies that empower multimedia itself .
at a one - day women 's seminar on march 8 , 1997 , in st. mary ’s parish , measures were proposed to enhance women 's participation in economic activity to empower them to take their fate into their own hands .
the focus of the institute is to educate and empower the number i ’s to understand their role and responsibility as the chapter ’s highest elected officer .
waters’ main product brands include : acquity uplc systems , xevo mass spectrometry systems , synapt ms systems , synapt hdms systems , xterra hplc columns , xbridge columns , alliance hplc systems , empower chromatography and masslynx mass spectrometry software , oasis sample preparation products .
formal ontology to empower natural language processing .
pgms continues to place and empower physicians in the center of healthcare in the firm belief that any vision for change within this industry that does not include them is bound to fail .
sweet is an united states travel company founded in january 2008 , which markets travel packages and tours to the lesbian community .. based in the san francisco bay area , sweet 's mission is to offer vacations that empower and motivate guests to achieve their personal , professional and philanthropic goals .
on december 31 , 2009 , the kuala lumpur high court ruled in favor of the herald , stating that even though islam is the federal religion of the country , this does not empower the government to prohibit the use of the word " allah " .
understanding your own genetic blueprint can empower you to take an active role in promoting your own health .
alliance for climate education ( acr ) ( http://www.climateeducation.org ) aims to inspire , educate and empower students in the fight against global warming because they believe that young adults can have a substantial and near - term positive impact on the global climate crisis .
in educating the whole person , the school strives to motivate and empower its students to serve as cultural leaders of the 21st century .
the game is notable for certain unique game elements , such as the use of special " djinn " that empower the player and can be used against enemies .
this means working outside and between protected areas to minimize threats to elephants , and to empower communities to participate in long - term conservation and management of these animals .
the blackrock also has the ability to absorb ambient energy to empower its wielder .
the women have made it clear that they seek to empower other women with this project .
a sadguru is the one who has the practical experience of brahma vidya and who can empower a deserved disciple with the same .
“ ujima has helped empower me and i now know my full potential and understand how to help myself so i can help others along the way , i want to pass on this message to my brothers and sisters who are still not aware of their potentials . ”
the vision statement of lee county high school is " working together to provide superior learning opportunities that empower all students to be life long learners and achievers " .
scarlet alliance networks with sister sex worker organisations including friends frangipani association in papua new guinea , empower in thailand , iusw on the united kingdom , dmsc in india , wnu in cambodia , coswas in taiwan , coyote in the united states , ziteng in hong kong etc
ford returned to texas and requested that the governor immediately empower him to raise additional levies of rangers , and return north at once to continue the campaign in the heart of the comancheria .
this means that when a person approaches capa with a complaint about police brutality capa will assist them and seek to empower the victim(s ) to actively participate in their case and act as representatives to the community .
he was a member of the board of directors of empower america , a supply - side economics organization founded in 1993 and merged in 2004 with the citizens for a sound economy to form freedomworks .
while in a losing fight with kodama , kouga lost his way and used darkness to empower his armor .
empower is a thai ngo that takes a neutral stance towards sex work and offers educational and counseling services to female sex workers .
( 13 geo iii c. 44 , long title " an act to allow a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to any of his majesty 's colonies or plantations in america ; to increase the deposit on bohea tea to be sold at the east india company 's sales ; and to empower the commissioners of the treasury to grant licenses to the east india company to export tea duty - free . " ) it was passed on may 10 , 1773 .
the sbc6446 is powered by texas instruments davinci dual core tms320dm6446 soc and empower technologies’ leos software .
on mother ’s day in 2009 , the organization will the breast cancer network of strength walk to empower events in 17 cities across the country .
wca has developed a unique model of raising up young leaders to empower people in their communities .
the coalitions aims to inspire , empower and mobilise a generational movement of young people across the world to take action on climate change .
if the cabinet wanted to empower the cia to field a lethal drone , he said , " they should do so with their eyes wide open , fully aware of the potential fallout if there were a controversial or mistaken strike " .
mosaic youth theatre of detroit is a youth development 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization in detroit , michigan with a mission is to empower young people to maximize their potential through professional performing arts training and the creation of first - rate theatrical and musical art .
they were the first to empower indigenous people to run their own affairs .
the confidence , self - respect , and motivation gained during the events has shown to carry over to the classroom and empower children to passionately seize each and every day .
the mission of ghns is to provide the infrastructure to empower users to share , and provide software for the client , the server and the protocols in between .
airing and recording of channel 4 ’s education documentary “ gay to z ” to educate communities and to empower lgbt young people .
this name was chosen because its products and services empower corporations to better understand their business processes , the cumulative wisdom of the organization .
the book , which serves as an explanation of mackey 's libertarian views , proposes various changes to legal systems to empower entrepreneurs to solve global problems , including green tax shifts , environmental trusts , improvements in developing world legal systems to allow the poor to create legal businesses , and a citizen 's dividend to help the poor in the developed world .
the theme is healthy impact 2010 : educate , advocate , empower .
through exhibitions , programs , research , and collaboration , the apa program seeks to improve the public 's appreciation of the rols of apas in the history of the nation and empower apa communities by increasing their sense of inclusion into the national culture .
the scec aims to engage and empower seniors to lead active , healthy and meaningful lives in the community .
they operate to empower the rural populace to become self reliant against growing challenges in survival and engages in projects which promote independence .
the term mind games refers to passive aggressive behavior used specifically to demoralize or empower the thinking subject , often making the aggressor look superior .
promote gender equality and empower women ” has reached its targeted levels of female participation in primary education and continues to increase .
rather the individual statutes that empower agencies or ministers to make decisions also grant jurisdiction to the aat to review the decisions .
the green knight was decapitated by a super - skrull and the pendragon force was briefly controlled by the skrulls and redistributed to empower the skrull soldiers attacking london .
mahatma gandhi sought to bring women also into mainstream politics , to strengthen the resistance against british rule as well as empower them to play a more active role in society .
embracing strategies that engage design practitioners , government agencies , the business and non - profit communities , and the public , foresight collaborates to develop and empower initiatives , build community support and engender a positive human evolution .
he is also the co - founder of the h.e.r.o. organization whose mission is to empower people who are homeless or at risk of being homeless to " attain maximum self - sufficiency . "
the roadtrip nation movement exists to support , empower , and encourage individuals who want to define their own roads in life .
the fathers may , however , empower auxiliary , coadjutor , and visiting bishops , as well as procurators of absent bishops to cast a decisive vote .
based on zaruba 's capabilities , the madougu 's may empower certain techniques when in their mystical armor or help dispel hypnosis from horror influences .
the institution was established in the year 2009 , by seven high school students in order to empower the youth with human values , knowledge and awareness .
( 1908 - 2008 ) the scientists , with the magical help of felix faust , use the soil to further empower the corpse of wonder woman with the evil energy of death and destruction .
the nationalists were discussing constitutional changes to empower the executive branch while curbing the powers of seimas .
so the tasmanian government had to change laws to empower them to resolve the problem , and she resumed her trip and left kiel on 18 may 1985 .
the player can also casts spells that they have acquired to empower their avatars or weaken their enemies .
the main focus of the company has been developing an advanced simulation system to empower learning through gaming , called vts ( virtual training system ) .
human security seeks to empower women , through education , participation and access , as gender equality is seen as a necessary precondition for peace , security and a prosperous society .
jewish impact films is a fellowship of young jewish filmakers , established in 2004 by leading hollywood producers to empower young jews to use creative media , specifically short internet - based films , to effectively communicate new messaging about judaism and israel .
seksualiti merdeka 2009 is made possible with the support of the bar council human rights committee , pt foundation , suaram , kryss , women ’s candidacy initiative , persatuan kesedaran komuniti selangor ( empower ) , purple lab , matahari books , twenty.one kitchen+bar , the annexe gallery , and various individuals .
through selective interventions the leader can empower the group as a whole to repair emotional damage , fill in the developmental voids , and foster the potential of each of its members .
mytown was founded in 1995 by karilyn crockett , with a mission to " use the process of sharing local history to empower young people and build appreciation of urban neighborhoods .
" world relief 's mission is to empower the local church to serve the most vulnerable .
other laws , including federal laws , may empower an industrial magistrate to deal with cases .
it aims to develop a national consciousness around mixed heritage issues to empower members to organize and take action towards progressive social change .
" schools against violent extremism ! " and " students against violent extremism ! " , which is a global campaign to sensitize school pupils and university students to the threat of violent extremism and to empower them to use readily - available resources to challenge extremist ideologies
the wounded warrior project is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to " honor and empower wounded warriors " of the united states armed forces . "
the initiative aims to develop and empower an outstanding technology and innovation platform in malta for business - driven services in training , applied research and development , incubation , and dissemination in the mediterranean region .
byham is the author of 23 books including zapp ! , which helps managers understand how to empower employees and improve productivity .
its mission is to educate and empower the african american community and promote civil rights .
the ppac is an example of an initiative to empower patients touched by a disease to have a direct say in how an organization 's activities benefit them and their community .
the board has the authority to empower the governor of oklahoma to grant pardons , paroles , and commutations to people convicted of offenses against the state of oklahoma .
its current mission is to empower individuals and communities with the tools to prevent and stop genocide . "
empower playgrounds .
while fab labs have yet to compete with mass production and its associated economies of scale in fabricating widely distributed products , they have already shown the potential to empower individuals to create smart devices for themselves .
oye believes that education will empower these students to create a positive and nurturing environment in their personal and professional lives .
the purpose of seattle lutheran high school is to empower students to make and implement choices that reflect their highest calling .
ibdaa strives to empower the children , youth and women in dheisheh camp , instilling in them confidence and strength while also educating the international community about palestinian refugees .
cdf 's black community crusade for children ( bccc ) led to the creation of the cdf freedom schools program in 1995 , offering children enrichment through a reading curriculum that seeks to foster a love of learning and to empower children to make a difference in their families , communities and the nation .
the institute is also home to the roosevelt institute campus network , connecting 80 + college campuses and more than 8,500 students and alumni to a vibrant series of programs that engage them in discussing progressive values , empower them to develop public policy , and promote their ideas to policymakers at all levels of government .
as a labour councillor and a justice of the peace she promoted the dissemination of contraceptive advice as a mechanism to empower women .
thus , while appearing to honor his pledge to increase suffrage , louis - philippe acted primarily to empower his supporters and increase his hold over the french parliament .
schoolforge is intended to empower member organizations to make open educational resources more effective , efficient , and ubiquitous by enhancing communication , sharing resources , and increasing the transparency of development .
to powerup , ling must say , " empower the shadow dragon " .
it was a revelation for lee to see how the arts could serve to empower people for social action .
while advancing the woman and her household 's position economically , microloans empower women and enable them to voice their opinions in general household decisions .
he is previously the vice president of empower america .
american airlines uses cigarette lighter sockets instead of empower jacks .
the term was coined in an attempt to empower those with mental health issues , usually considered a marginalized segment of society .
he believes in collaboration as a way of forming bridges between cultures - and thus helping those in privileged nations to empower those in less privileged societies particularly children and women .
a , empower , otter christian fellowship , and the business club .
he argued , however , that the united states constitution does not empower courts to overrule the legislation of elected bodies , except in extreme circumstances .
" enterprise search " : enterprise search technologies empower people to find information and expertise anywhere in the organization .
however , the machine that magneto had used to empower his savage land creations is eventually destroyed .
the company ’s primary mission is to promote pride and empower the youth of africa , playing a proactive part in the future image of " mama africa . "
many times these rites are intended to empower the participant , rather than humble them .
it sits atop one of the strongest ley line confluences in the region , strong enough to empower a binding circle mighty enough to constrain even the archive from escape .
she described the book as being a practical exercise to empower people and map their heart .
conservation photography is used to empower conservation .
mission statement : the mission of king george high school is to provide a quality education , which will empower students to contribute responsibly to society as honorable , productive and self - sufficient individuals .
the cep facilitates creative solutions to empower communities to participate in their own economic opportunities , making the most of the resources and skills they possess in order to ensure a safe , sustainable life .
oaktree aims to empower developing communities through education in a sustainable way .
sigma sisters have built a campaign to help those affected by violence , to educate the community about the nature of this problem , and to empower our sisters to make a lasting commitment to the issue of violence against women .
they recognise contributions to the community which bring out the best in young people , empower them to take the initiative and make a real difference to their lives and the lives of others – building confidence , promoting safety and reducing crime .
the organization is found by and run by straight people and works to empower other straight allies to give them a sense of ownership in this civil rights struggle rooted in love .
established in 1995 , the foundation seeks to engage and empower citizens in land use planning as a pathway to sustainable communities .
an energetic and passionate man with a large personality , barber strove to empower others to do things for themselves .
the aga khan development network is a group of private , non - denominational development agencies that seek to empower communities and individuals to improve living conditions and opportunities , in sub - saharan africa , central and south asia , and the middle east .
it aims to empower uk citizens by providing easy ways for them to take action on the issues they care about .
the interrupcion fair trade * pricing model aims to empower and invest in producers to create healthy , sustainable environments for workers while providing a wage premium that enriches lives and quality of production .
its mission is to be a leader in the quest to cure ankylosing spondylitis and related diseases , and to empower those affected to live life to the fullest .
by voluntarily embedding fragments of the terrigen crystals into his own body , the character could empower former mutants with extreme versions of their superhuman abilities .
the purpose of the goizueta foundation is to assist organizations that empower individuals and families through educational opportunities to improve the quality of their lives . "
the school mission statement " is to empower all students academically , socially , and personally to be lifelong learners capable of thinking , solving problems , and serving as responsible citizens ready to meet the challenges of tomorrow . "
the overall aim of cameco 's services , publications and resources is to contribute to the capacity building of partners and to empower community - oriented media and communication initiatives .
they believed that black women needed the right to vote to protect against sexual exploitation , promote quality education , assist in the work force , and empower their race .
some believe that due to subtle changes in the definitions of terms such as " electronic surveillance , " it could empower the government to conduct warrantless physical searches and even seizures of communications and computer devices and their data which belong to u.s. citizens while they are in the united states , if the government contended that those searches and potential seizures were related to its surveillance of parties outside the united states .
organizations are now attempting to assist and empower female migrant workers through training and education on their labor - related rights .
her mission , according to her website , is to empower people to " improve their lives through information , food and lifestyle " .
to “ promote gender equality and empower women ” has reached its targeted levels of female participation in primary education and continues to increase .
wwd was started to empower women to contribute and alleviate suffering of women in many parts of the world .
ndf is in coalition with popular front of india and co - operated in the empower india conference , which was held at bangalore in february 2007 .
cragg was an enemy of captain america from the world war ii era who had developed a variant of the super soldier serum which he used to empower the man - brute .
ride to empower .
cce continues to work to empower the public by providing members with opportunities to participate in the political process and thereby advance a progressive environmental agenda " .
remind.org , a bob woodruff foundation initiative , provides resources and support to injured service members , veterans and their families , and is building a movement to empower communities nationwide to take action to successfully reintegrate our nation ’s injured heroes — especially those who have sustained the " hidden injuries of war " — back into their communities , and ensure they thrive physically , psychologically , socially , and economically .
some question whether the concept of “ girl power ” is an effective media campaign to empower young women .
these may be on any scale , for example within the family , or in wider society as " enabling acts " designed to empower some group , or create a new authority for a ( usually governmental ) body .
to help training teachers in effective astronomy communication and to sustain the legacy of iya2009 , the iau — in collaboration with the national nodes and leaders in the field such as the global hands - on universe project , the us national optical astronomy observatory and the astronomical society of the pacific — is embarking on a unique global effort to empower teachers by developing the galileo teacher training program ( gttp ) .
while traditional black conservatives stress the traditional way of entrepreneurship urban conservatives lean towards social entrepreneurship to empower the inner cities .
jacpac was founded in 1981 by a group of volunteer leaders in the national jewish community who sought to empower jewish women to become politically active .
the cdk project is as a vehicle to empower children with skill for democratic functioning , learn the principles and practices of democratic participation , learn to prioritize needs , budget , leadership , saving and management money acquire education and be a self - reliant , productive and respected adult in society .
the " act to empower the london and birmingham railway company to make a branch railway from rugby to the syston and peterborough railway near stamford . "
webaim 's mission is to expand the potential of the web for people with disabilities by providing the knowledge , technical skills , tools , organizational leadership strategies , and vision that empower organizations to make their own content accessible to people with disabilities .
the platform aims to provide a core set of data and technology to empower search engine marketing and keyword research efforts .
sheeran also served as president and chief executive officer of empower america , where she developed its agenda of trade policy , technology policy , education reform , and tax reform .
founded in 1939 , the mission of mount vernon high school is to empower its culturally diverse student body through a dynamic partnership with parents , teachers , staff members and the community , and to inspire students to meet high academic standards , lead ethical lives , and demonstrate responsible citizenship .
johnson has a continuing goal to empower our young people through education and community service so that they may prosper and be exceptional examples .
part of the foundation 's purpose is to empower the youth of the city to learn music .
after ester they often invaded our friary and sought with threats and sometimes promises to belabor them so that they should follow their perverse will desire namely that either they join themselves to their heresy or turn the friary over to them for a theological school with the explanation that they themselves when the sacred hours and services ceased , they should pay for the school , in short , that they would be able to empower themselves so that the learned doctors in the ' true theology ' , or i mean god and the saint 's mockers .
apart from priests , many religious orders of women and men , exists in idah diocese and continue to fervently enrich and empower the texture of the catholic faith and mission .
the school was created to educate and empower adults for social change .
the college earnestly endeavours to enrich and empower all its beneficiaries through value - based , quality education and through participative , positive and fertile teaching - learning environment based on the principles of caring and sharing and peaceful coexistence .
organizing seeks to broadly empower community members , with the end goal of distributing power more equally throughout the community .
la ceiba seeks to empower women in honduras as they develop business plans , undergo training , and create their own businesses .
it 's nice that we just celebrate each others careers , that 's what the song is about , coming together to empower each other .
the 1967 water code was intended to empower landowners to receive water and attempted to redistribute water as a component of the governments strategy to reform agrarian policy .
all these are efforts to empower the coolie caste - class in village society , and build an authentic people 's organisation , the coolie sangha , at the village , cluster and taluk levels .
monster launched the diversity leadership programs ( dlp ) in 2002 with the mission to empower college students and foster a diversity of ideas and cultures in corporate america .
glynn 's preference for the isolation ward , week - long lock downs , and harsh interrogation style helps him empower this fear .
in november 2009 , us president , barack obama , wrote that her blog " provides the world a unique window into the realities of daily life in cuba " and applauded her efforts to " empower fellow cubans to express themselves through the use of technology . "
bolder : " more volunteers and resources along with better programs and initiatives will empower the peace corps to make a difference around the world and call to action a new generation of leaders in the united states .
previously she served on secretary 's commission on opportunity in athletics ( title ix ) , empower america , foundation for teaching economics , greatschools.net , alliance for school choice , and children first america .
he can empower another person ( even one who otherwise lacks psionic powers ) to take psionic control over particular victims of his chemical .
in addition to the power arising from judicial warrant , decree laws empower the police to make arrests .
he called this corollary the maximum empower principle .
mavin foundation is a community organization which seeks to build “ healthy communities that celebrate and empower mixed heritage people and families .
providing clarity of expression can empower citizens , legal professionals , judges , politicians , and the various legal philosophers that keep a democratic society functioning as ideally as possible .
to empower people living with aids by providing holistic support that develops and maintains the body , mind , spirit , and dignity of the whole person .
our primary goals are to empower those victimized by sexual abuse through a healing process and to prevent sexual abuse of children and youth . "
moreover , the operations of mmt would empower the ghanaian community by making job , shop , school and healthcare better accessible .
the lead organisation in the partnership is the uk coalition of people living with hiv and aids , a charity which is run by and for people living with hiv , which aims to empower individuals who are hiv positive , and to give them a voice .
her mission : empower women and girls through technology . ”
part of their responsibilities include training local members to be effective leaders to empower local congregations to supply their own leadership needs .
why advances long - term solutions to hunger and poverty by supporting community - based organizations that empower individuals and build self - reliance , i.e. , offering job training , education and after school programs ; increasing access to housing and healthcare ; providing microcredit and entrepreneurial opportunities ; teaching people to grow their own food ; and assisting small farmers .
collaborative planning is a method designed to empower stakeholders by elevating them to the level of decision - makers through a process of direct engagement and dialogue between stakeholders and public agencies designed to solicit ideas , active involvement and participation in the community planning process .
the charity also provides adults with life skills that empower them to increase their self - sufficiency within their communities , thus reducing their migration into cities where their plight invariably gets worse .
according to a settlement issued by the fec , the empower illinois media fund violated campaign rules by raising money to defeat obama without registering with the fec as a political committee or complying with federal contribution limits and reporting requirements .
as per the constitution of india , the central government can also empower a union territory with a legislature .
empower indian enterprise by inculcating knowledge that will be the catalyst of growth in the barrierless technology driven global market and help them upscale , align and emerge as formidable player in respective business segments .
libraries have a responsibility to not contribute to the destruction of the environment , to educate the people regarding our current situation , and empower them to make a difference .
it also requires parties to empower its courts or other competent authorities to order that bank , financial , or commercial records be made available or seized .
kuo worked on the presidential commission on women in the military and after the 1992 election , he was hired as deputy policy director of empower america ( an organization started by bill bennett and jack kemp ) .
meemy used the energies stolen from travelion to empower himself , enabling him to ritually fuse together the spirits of the fallen hades beasts and beastmen that were still sealed away by blagel within infershia 's " lost graveyard of hatred " into one entity .
they collaborate with other health care providers to mediate conflict and facilitate positive change , and as educators and health information specialists , advocates work to empower others .
lung dragons are spirits that embody and empower aspects of nature rather than being normal , physical creatures .
• to empower young people to take concrete action to protect themselves and others against hiv / aids .
and i think the more you empower american people , the more you give them the opportunity to invest on their own and being in control of their own destiny and their own retirement , the better off we 'll be . "
sood is a founding partner in a new healthcare startup according to his blog , and recently announced a community project that uses the process of crowd sourcing to empower retail investors .
also the bromley by bow community organisation is a voluntary organisation that helps empower the local residents of bromley by bow , as one of the most deprived wards in tower hamlets , and its surrounding areas to improve their socio - economic and cultural well - being and be able to sustain a good quality of life .
a group of visionary women in the philippines in 1919 sought to further empower women of the country by allowing them access to quality education .
the genderyouth program , for example , strives to empower young activists so that they can create genderroots college campus chapters themselves , and go on to educate others about school violence .
the document seeks to empower children to make their wishes known , and to facilitate communication with family and health care providers .
it was a place where service - minded cambridge and oxford graduates could work to empower the local poor through educational and social services .
apc is an international network of civil society organizations whose mission is to empower and support groups and individuals working for peace , human rights , development and protection of the environment , through the strategic use of information and communication technologies ( icts ) , including the internet .
interpal 's program has four main points of focus : community development - which tries to lift communities out of poverty with long - term , sustainable solutions based on their needs ; humanitarian work - assisting those immediately affected by conflict , especially in the field of water and sanitation ; health & medical - distributing funds to hospitals , medical centers and local clinics to ensure continued service provision ; education programmes - in order to empower the youth of palestine , and as a means of providing them with a better education and future .
" mothers say no to terrorism ! " , which seeks to empower mothers to sensitize and to mobilize youth being trapped by ideologies of violent extremism .
some opponents of the parental rights amendment fear that its focus on rights rather than responsibilities will empower parents to treat their children like property .
this is a campaign to empower young people in the united states to stand up and speak out against the inadequacies in the united states education system and to demand change through political activism .
launched on june 20 , 2008 , the movement aims to mobilize and empower black women to stop the spread of hiv / aids .
encouraging collaborative governance and creating systems that empower a more dynamic , more responsive foreign service and civil service are vital to our success now and in the coming decades .
therefore , it is proposed to empower the european commission to impose a minimum quality of services in order to tackle this situation .
involve : empower youth in canada to become active members of their community ;
the serbian delegation , led by milošević , insisted on a policy of " one person , one vote " , which would empower the plurality population , the serbs .
in december 2008 lambda supported an education and research initiative with ( qpi ) to co - produce the publication , " breaking free : sexual diversity and change in emerging nations " , which examines ways in which sexual / gender minorities in developing countries empower themselves , educate their communities on gender and sexuality differences , and work collaboratively with international allies .
the world ’s game ” to inspire , empower and prepare youth to be leaders in their communities .
service - learning and social justice are important components of the educational experience at seattle university , which strives to " empower leaders for a just and humane world . "
redwood high school , recognizing the unique and varied needs of its student body , strives to empower all of its students to reach their fullest potential as positive , contributing members of the communities in which they will live and work .
chumbley considered the practice of willed dreaming essential as a means of interacting directly and consciously with the spiritual dimensions he called ' the high sabbat ' ; according to him " every word , deed and thought can empower , magnetise , and establish points of receptivity for a magical dream , likewise any of these means can do the opposite - fixating perception in a manner that is not receptive - that seals the soul in the body instead of enabling it to go forth at will . "
engage , enable , empower , river oaks public school , oakville , canada
our mission is to promote , support and empower the full participation of ontario nursing students as a significant voice within society . "
the singapore volunteers overseas ( svo ) programme was founded on the idea that shared skills and experiences can empower countries , communities and improve the lives of individuals .
through use of such tactics as community organizing , advocacy , education and social services , and leadership development , it seeks to empower the arab population in chicago 's low - income south side .
scarlet alliance advocates that legal methods of migration for sex workers seeking to work in australia would empower sex workers to travel reducing the incentive of verbal contracts .
as host to the entire nova force , which was previously used to empower all members of the nova corps throughout the universe , rider is now possessed of tremendously augmented strength and durability as well as nearly limitless quantities of energy .
if the chaga is colonialism , it 's a unique kind that allows the people of the poor south to use and transform it to meet their needs and empower themselves : it 's a symbiosis .
worth tx and it 's vision is " to empower and enhance the lives of today 's youth by giving them a voice of hope " .
to serve , advocate for , and empower individuals with diverse communication abilities and to increase public awareness and sensitivity about hearing loss , deafness , speech - language , and related literacy issues .
these efforts can help countries make democratic transitions , spur economic growth , improve government accountability , conduct public health campaigns , increase education and literacy levels , and empower women and minorities .
the basic aim of the aimim is to politically empower the minorities and weaker sections in general , and the muslims in particular .
in order to do this , it tries to ensure that swedish heritage is accessible to all citizens , to spread information about that heritage , and to " empower heritage as a force in the evolution of a democratic , sustainable society " .
he manages the empower playgrounds shop and trains ghanaian apprentices to construct the playground equipment .
ford requested that the governor immediately empower him to raise additional levies of rangers , and return north at once to continue the campaign in the heart of the comancheria .
the " nec monthly meet was launched , in an effort empower professional actors , writers , directors , and technical professionals to meet , partner , create and perform on an on going basis .
the ride to empower is a destination bike ride , with fully - supported route lengths ranging from a 100 miles to less than 32 miles .
he is the founder and chairman of lifepilot , a british columbia based not for profit organization founded in 2002 offering programs that empower and teach people from all walks of life a system for values - based living and leadership .
the aim of this expanded program is to empower the local community , specifically youth , and provide an unbreakable link to acholi history and culture , and be a beacon for social justice in the region .
the union instead had to rely on less - influential commercial businesses to add to its resume and empower its impact .
• to empower individuals and groups to bring about positive social and political change through open forums , skill sharing opportunities
the book advocates for schools to empower people to be creators of their preferred future .
the omnify solution is called omnify empower plm .
taking this lesson further , he wrote concerning the need for a form of democracy that would empower people and rid the world of the human sin of lording power over others .
civil rights council works to create institutions to empower people to engage in grass roots change at the local level .
scouting is a premium youth movement , there to enable us , especially now , to move towards healing this country , to train leaders and empower people . "
kerala has since demonstrated how edusat could be used to successfully empower teachers .
such activities empower citizens providing ' freedom from fear ' and ' freedom from want ' .
it follows that positive and negative search are not mutually exclusive and that more powerful search may result from the combination of selection and elimination as tools to empower user experience in negative searches .
dr. ormont 's theory and methodology enables the group leader to empower group members to sustain a group environment in which interactions among and between members support the development of insulation barriers that maximize one 's inherent capacity for ease , generosity and contentment , in all aspects of human relationship .
bibas notes that prominent plea bargain critic albert alschuler supports the use of this form of plea , writing , " he views them as a lesser evil , a way to empower defendants within a flawed system .
she starts off as an activist working for an ngo , trying to empower the village women through literacy and awareness .
hence , the school endeavours to empower would - be graduates to ensure that they become responsible , dedicated and ready to serve the nation .
the central goal of nation.1 was to empower young people with a voice and representation in world affairs .
with republic act no . 8435 or the agriculture and fishery modernization act ( afma ) , bpre takes the lead in providing more postharvest interventions to empower the agriculture and fishery sectors .
nlgn describes itself as a non - profit making , independent think tank that seeks to transform public services , revitalise local political leadership , and empower local communities .
she is literally a bastard born out of wedlock , she is contemplating becoming a nun when mike stearns and ed piazza empower her as a special envoy to investigate likely sales of advanced guns to enemy countries .
underscore records creates a space for all forms of music , and for musicians to empower themselves by owning and choosing how to distribute their work .
their goal was to invent a children 's television program that would " empower preschoolers to learn through active participation in activities that are grounded in their everyday lives , to redefine the approach to problem - solving for preschoolers in an engaging manner .
but these commissions were " special commissions " which did not empower their holders to command any troops .
the training emparted in this course will empower the students to either enter for higher studies ( i.e m.sc , msc - ph .
women ’s inclusion in political and civic life would unleash a wealth of talent that could increase domestic economic activity , empower competition , reduce unnecessary costs of social segregation , enrich cultural and civic development , and help foster democratic institutions , thereby weakening extremist influences in the country .
applying the original message of the prophet muhammad with no interference of tradition or the faulty interpretations of his followers , would automatically create the just society ordained by god in the qur'an , and so empower the muslim world to stand against colonization and injustices .
while the project served to increase literacy , it also served as a means to empower black communities .
it describes those who blindly submit to the judgement of public servants or political parties as leading " authorities " , ignoring the reality that it is the individuals composing the body politic that empower the civil government through their acquiescence .
on hearing the announcement from the guru , bhai mahi singh immediately sought his permission and blessings to empower him to defeat madan khan .
the department 's mission is to " support , protect and empower individuals , families and their communities to achieve their full health potential by putting health at the centre of public policy and by leading the development of high quality , equitable and efficient health and personal social services . "
the ideology of tamil nationalism was to seek to preserve and modernize tamil language and culture , unite tamils across boundaries , eradicate caste discrimination within tamils , emancipate and empower tamil women , uplift the economic status of tamils , and to securely establish tamil identity in a globalized world .
the mission is to improve the lives of children with insulin - dependent diabetes through education , recreation , and support programs which inspire and empower .
the " migration act " did empower the government to detain all non - citizens , under the system of mandatory detention , but it also gave non - citizens certain rights , such as the right to seek asylum and to apply for protection visas .
timap attempts to empower the local population by providing a variety of legal services .
circomodo is a visionary approach that uses to empower , enable , and inspire young people
