he became a reliable employee and , after encouragement from his mother , he filed an application at the local television station , knaz - tv .
due to this new friendship onassis returned to argentina with a new passport and the encouragement to move his business forward .
he had received considerable assistance and encouragement from raj mohan to dance and sing , and as a result gets very popular with young women .
the band at this time received much support and encouragement from black metal pioneer euronymous and after several demos , the " emperor " ep was released in 1993 to much acclaim .
her encouragement enables adam and eve both to approach god , to " bow and sue for grace with suppliant knee , " and to receive grace from god .
meles zenawi was given the green revolution award and a financial prize of 200,000 dollars by the norwegian yara foundation in september 2005 " in recognition of past accomplishments and encouragement to achieve economic development for the people of ethiopia . "
the film describes a taxidermist orphan who gradually becomes a psychotic killer with the encouragement of his lusty older housekeeper , who disposes of the bodies .
meeting gandhi a month later at the gujarat political conference in godhra , patel became the secretary of the gujarat sabha — a public body which would become the gujarati arm of the indian national congress — at gandhi 's encouragement .
the government of israel has given official encouragement to christian zionism , allowing the establishment in 1980 of the international christian embassy jerusalem .
the organization has working relations with over 50 countries on different levels of collaboration which includes , but not limited to , share of information and experiences , business matchmaking for investment and joint venture opportunities , support & encouragement of trade fairs and business events , and facilitation of inward and outward trade delegations .
to meet yet a whole new generation of fans , at the encouragement of record producer rick rubin , peverett reunited with the original foghat line - up in 1993 , beginning the first of several tours .
it was in paris , with the encouragement of her “
he studied at various yeshivas in vilkomir , mir , baranovitch , and brisk before becoming rosh yeshiva of gateshead , having received encouragement to return to england from rabbi yisrael meir kagan ( known as the " chofetz chaim " ) who was regarded as one of the leading scholars of his time .
his representatives raise these questions at numerous international gatherings , including the islamic summit held at lahore , pakistan , early in the year , but they receive little or no encouragement .
in 1920 , crichton - browne delivered the first maudsley lecture to the royal medico - psychological association and gave an affecting tribute to henry maudsley whose enthusiasm and energy in the 1860s had been a source of inspiration and encouragement to him .
these questions lie behind the changes in educational policy , the attempts in the 1960s and 1970s to settle urban youth in the countryside , the upheaval of the cultural revolution , and the post-1980 encouragement of small - scale private and collective commerce and service occupations in the cities .
the challenges generally begin with vulgar language , citing the novel 's use of words like " fuck " and " goddamn " , with more general reasons including sexual references , blasphemy , undermining of family values and moral codes , holden 's being a poor role model , encouragement of rebellion , and promotion of drinking , smoking , lying , and promiscuity .
obituaries in all the main british newspapers and blogs in the us speak highly of his love of literature and the profession , his advocacy of struggling academics of the medieval period to get their work published , his encouragement of female students ( a rarity in the medieval field during much of his lifetime ) , and his courtesy and friendliness .
levine also noted that the victory " gave encouragement to isolationist and conservative strains that were deeply rooted in ethiopian culture , strengthening the hand of those who would strive to keep ethiopia from adopting techniques imported from the modern west - resistances with which both menelik and ras teferi / haile selassie would have to contend "
while hank becomes further immersed in the game , bobby , with joseph 's encouragement , actually starts becoming better at exercise .
the school benefits from the strong support and encouragement of parents , friends and generation after generation of alumni , who in largely feel a strong connection to the school long after leaving the campus .
it was in st petersburg that he began to write , thanks to the encouragement of r.r. , a librarian at the national library of russia .
very inadequate domestic service , particularly in rural areas ; some hope for improvement with privatization of national telephone company and encouragement to private investment ; good international service ( 1999 ) .
on father racine 's encouragement and recommendation , ramanujam applied to the graduate school at the tata institute of fundamental research in bombay and was admitted to tifr .
the archbishops became confirmed in the position which they took towards the pope by the encouragement and support of emperor joseph ii , who arrogated to himself both temporal and spiritual jurisdiction .
all students will receive the respect , encouragement , and opportunities they need to build the knowledge , skills , and attitudes to become successful , contributing members of society . ”
another contributory factor in wilfrid 's expulsion was his encouragement of æthelthryth 's entry into a nunnery ; he had personally given her the veil on her retirement to ely abbey .
on november 5 , 2007 , at the encouragement of marketing professor ed mclaughlin in the department of applied economics and management at cornell university , fils - aimé gave a guest lecture on nintendo 's marketing strategy targeted at gamers across a spectrum of demographics .
it turned out that being in heaven had made guy more sensitive emotionally , rather than physically , and after encouragement came into his own again , leading the assembled team of heroes .
the rsa was founded in 1754 by william shipley as the society for the encouragement of arts , manufactures and commerce , originally modelled on the dublin society for improving husbandry , manufactures and other useful arts .
" he attracted further good notices for his next role , in " the love chase " , receiving encouragement from " the times " " as a representative of young men of something like rank and position . "
it took further encouragement from australian captain don bradman after he played against bradman 's south australians .
it was first called " royal society for the encouragement of arts , manufactures & commerce , " but later became known as " the premium society .
cule was appointed editor of a magazine for sunday school teachers and received encouragement from andrew melrose the publisher for the sunday school union .
with the encouragement of his brother , leavitt entered the university of utah college of law , where he graduated in 1956 , eighth in his class .
encouragement of vietnamese villagers along the border to engage in smuggling , currency speculation , and hoarding of goods in short supply .
brown feels that his words of encouragement were misconstrued and may have led to the coup .
this time , however , he is greeted with the cheers and encouragement of onlookers as he runs through the streets of south philadelphia , having become a local celebrity following his narrow loss to apollo .
as serves as a further encouragement and support in the ministry as well as a channel for open doors among certain people groups .
in addition to ornea 's direct influences on his colleagues ' approach , manolescu credits his older friend 's persistence and active encouragement with having led him to pursue work on his own synthesis of romanian literary history , " istoria critică a literaturii române " ( " the critical history of romanian literature " ) .
in rome , he had encouragement from many prominent patrons including the colonna .
at her mother 's encouragement , helena takes over both shebar and the planet from dawn denbo .
the vibrators were a new group that had only recently begun to write their own music and , at the encouragement of ron watts , they decided to back chris spedding for the show ( who was booked to play the second night but did n't have a band behind him ) .
a man named bledri ap rhys is admitted to the hall and makes a plea to owain for cadwaladr 's lands to be restored , clearly with bishop gilbert 's encouragement .
a short time later , he resurrected the project after receiving encouragement from marc gascoigne , eventually submitting the finished project to games workshop in the summer of 1986 .
the prayer found in james 5:15 was central to the letter as well as an encouragement to " act " in faith regardless of how she felt .
possibly with encouragement from the derby financiers , they realised the value of a link with the north midland , and decided to bridge the river and share its station .
pridgeon , a harlem native with connections throughout the area 's music scene , provided hendrix with shelter , support , and encouragement .
in accordance with the respect for fundamental human rights , the measures do not include any kind of coersion , but enabling and encouragement for choosing to limit the number of children in a family .
however , her second manuscript sufficiently impressed edward garnett , literary editor at jonathan cape , that he asked his assistant hamish miles to write her a note of encouragement .
many of the communities previously sited on the artificial islands had been shifted to the mainland , with encouragement from the missionaries anxious to promote a clean break with the pagan past , and inducement in the form of greater access to land for subsistence farming .
he received much encouragement when hughes and moe at norwegian university of science and technology , trondheim , predicted the effect of increasing the memory on their univac installation .
in order to compensate for his uncontrolled power , mao wears sunglasses to disguise his eyes and headphones which repeatedly play recorded words of encouragement and gratitude from c.c. in an attempt to block out the thoughts of those around him .
on september 4 , 1632 , the general assembly directed that the encouragement of land offered two years before to inhabitants at chiskiack , should also be granted to all persons settling between queen 's creek and archer 's hope creek .
more importantly , johnson provided encouragement at crucial moments during the writing of her seminal political treatises " a vindication of the rights of men " ( 1790 ) and " a vindication of the rights of woman " ( 1792 ) .
since its inception , the conservatory has been under the administration of several state government agencies , including the puerto rico industrial development company ( " compañía de fomento económico " ) , the administration for the encouragement of arts and culture ( " administración para el fomento de las artes y cultura " ) , and the musical arts corporation ( " corporación de las artes musicales " , or cam ) .
in 1858 , a year after the indian mutiny , julius published " the british army in india : its preservation by an appropriate clothing , housing , locating , recreative employment , and hopeful encouragement of the troops . " amongst other topics it describes indian industry and arts , climate , resource development , administration and justice and economic value of india .
f.r.s.a. fellow of the royal society for the encouragement of arts , manufactures & commerce
general von müffling reported that he was arrogant and resented encouragement , which he probably regarded as patronising , but that his ability would outdistance his comrades .
dr. sharan patil with the encouragement , love and affection received from well - wishers and recipients came out with a novel concept to further commit him and sparsh hospital to take up social causes through medical science which will benefit the society at large .
in 1833 , he received a medal from the society for the encouragement of the arts for inventing a telescope - holder that could be used by a one - handed man .
he also developed a love for theater and , with the encouragement of his mother ; he starred in many theatrical productions throughout high school , college , and community theater playing roles as diverse as mathew harrison brady in inherit the wind , the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz , and sherlock holmes in a play of the same title .
the french , with the encouragement of some us officials based in saigon , pressed hard for the the us to launch an overwhelming air strike to save dien bien phu .
at the age of three , arrhenius taught himself to read without the encouragement of his parents , and by watching his father 's addition of numbers in his account books , became an arithmetical prodigy .
latter - day saints can not be true to their faith and lend aid , encouragement , or sympathy to any of these false philosophies ... " ( " message of the first presidency , " 112th annual conference , april 6 , 1942 . )
the three women , with fdr 's encouragement , built stone cottage at val - kill , on the banks of the fallkill creek .
mirabell finally proposes to millamant and , with mrs. fainall ’s encouragement ( almost consent , as millamant knows of their previous relations ) , millamant accepts .
however , mann 's public admission of her own alcoholism , her successful experience with aa , and her encouragement of others — especially women — to get help contributed substantially to aa 's growth .
in the 2005 - 06 academic year , a new group , the diversity encouragement council ( dec ) , was founded with the aim of hosting events with the intent of engaging student dialogues on pressing issues around diversity .
since it is known that rædwald 's wife ( also sigeberht 's own mother ) did not become christian , sigeberht received limited encouragement in the faith .
born in trieste , cappuccilli originally intended to become an architect , but after encouragement from relatives decided to pursue a career in opera .
on may 17 , 2008 , watson was arrested under suspicion of driving under the influence of prescription drugs and underwent rehabilitation treatment after encouragement from usc head coach pete carroll .
it was with koolhaas that she met the engineer peter rice who gave her support and encouragement early on , at a time when her work seemed difficult to build .
this has been noted to be the result of the encouragement of excessive fluid replacement by various guidelines .
in the " rolling stone " review of the album , critic kelefa sanneh wrote : " one of the best is ' fix you ' , an unabashedly sentimental song where martin delivers words of encouragement in a gentle falsetto [ ... ]
music received greater encouragement under ibrahim adil shah ii .
during the july revolution of 1830 in france , revolutionaries forced the king to abdicate and created the july monarchy with encouragement from the new french king , louis - philippe .
with valeri 's encouragement , he immersed himself in the writings of baudelaire and discovered rimbaud as well as ( thanks to luigi stefanini ) the poetry of hölderlin , which he read for the first time in vincenzo errante 's translation .
in 1755 he was elected the first president of the society for the encouragement of the arts , manufactures and commerce ( now the rsa ) .
other incidental harms to elective 3d ultrasounds include falls or back pain when getting on and off a bed not conducive to pregnant women in 3d ultrasound centers ; aggressive manipulation of the belly by an inexperienced ultrasound technician ; encouragement of the pregnant mother to drink caffeine - containing beverages to stimulate the baby for a " good photo shot . "
however , it has to be planned and it requires the cooperation , encouragement and support of employers , as well as , professional and academic institutions .
about this time he sent to the académie française a translation of the passage from homer proposed for their prize , and , though he did not win , he received so much encouragement from his friends that he contemplated translating the whole of the iliad .
in 1995 the european association for encouragement of the arts awarded the cultural achievement prize to leonid gorokhov for exceptional talent and outstanding artistic accomplishment .
in common parlance political and constitutional aspects ( eg giving citizens or their elected representatives more power in political decision - making , establishment of subnational political entities for decision making and making them politically accountable to local electorate which often entails constitutional or statutory reforms like providing for representation of the member states , the strengthening of legislatures , creation of local political units along with the encouragement of effective public interest groups and pluralistic political parties ) are considered crucial for federalism .
after i had spoken some words to of encouragement and explained to her , in short , the excellence of the religious state , she left happy and contented . "
after spending three weeks with poonja , and having what he claimed was a deep spiritual awakening , cohen began to teach , with the initial encouragement of poonja , until a later philosophical disagreement created a split between the two .
he advocated public encouragement of works of navigation etc . to usefully employ the poor who could work .
through the encouragement of a coach or other guiding figure , for instance a wise old man or a magical negro , the contender overcomes previously insurmountable limitations and achieves his or her potential or even beyond , usually by some sort of victory , for instance in an athletic competition .
these older vehicles did not provide much encouragement for the public to use their vehicles .
wielding his bayonet and throwing hand grenades , millett yelled encouragement to his soldiers throughout the hand to hand fight .
with neal 's encouragement , carolyn and jack began an affair that continued until 1960 .
these included " covert support for pro - democracy street rallies … and encouragement [ of ] democratic and anti - communist sentiment in congress , armed forces , friendly labor and student groups , church , and business . "
during his tenure , the academy rendered yeoman ’s service for the promotion of languages and literature of the state , as well as the encouragement of research .
these comments suggest that young gave forster significant advice and encouragement at a crucial stage on work on the latter ’s eventual masterpiece .
in early 2007 liss moved to red bank , nj with the encouragement of the rising music scene of the new jersey shore .
the court 's opinion gave new and far - reaching encouragement to notions of equality and full participation , not only in schools but in the workplace , in the arts , sports and entertainment - in all facets of our economic , cultural and social life .
costner is the singer of kevin costner and modern west , a country rock band which he founded with the encouragement of his wife christine .
one of the first policies adopted by the council was the encouragement of commercial and industrial development , low - cost housing , and shopping centers .
in january 2007 yamamoto appeared at a public team workout and apologized in person to hagimoto , with shouts of encouragement from watching fans .
hunters have been willing participants in this program because of pride in their traditional activities , encouragement by their communities and expectations of benefits to the area .
that piece of advice and encouragement did the trick .
some of his supporters went to north - western cambodia , which had been under thai control since the french - thai war of 1940 , where they banded together as one faction in the khmer issarak movement , originally formed with thai encouragement in the 1940s .
in 2004 estonia joined the european union - for rail transport this has clear consequences , an eu directive of 1991 ( 440 ) suggested the separation of railway operation structure into track , and train operators with the intention of encouraging or allowing new railway operators to be able to run trains on other companies tracks ( " de - monopolisation or railways " ) , a related directive extends the encouragement of competition to inter - state railway operations .
that , combined with teaching in a direct grant grammar school , had shown him what equal opportunity could do when combined with the encouragement of excellence .
gayle ’s message of encouragement for women was featured as a chapter in two separate books , " leading women to the heart of god " in 2002 , and " free to soar " in 2005 .
rather , he sees human nature as offering , at most , intimations and " pointings " toward human flourishing and human fulfillment , but pointings in need of both cultural encouragement and cultural restraint if humans are to become the upright animal advertised in his special posture .
the can has a distinctive dark brown colouring , showing the muscles of a human 's neck / head / shoulder area , and is marketed to provide continuing energy with the slogan of " no half measures " ( a reference to the can size , which is twice that of a standard 250-ml can of red bull ) but the coca - cola company implies it refers to an encouragement not to settle for less than one 's best .
after some encouragement from the recovering nance , huard steps into the ring to fight cole , lasting a full three rounds .
his friends from the orphanage xiao chen and xin hua provide him with much encouragement and love .
the karen goodwill mission to london in august 1946 likewise failed to receive any encouragement for their separatist demands from the british government .
a discussion between the two men prompts jake to go to anna 's office building ( where he is on perpetually uneasy terms with the security guard ) , with brian shouting encouragement at him as he runs down the street .
at age 14 , he met rené goscinny and with his encouragement applied his talent to comics .
in 1990 , with the encouragement of kelly , roach recorded his debut solo album , " charcoal lane " .
the regional plan association offered tips and encouragement , visualizing three major suburban lines passing through manhattan .
the blessed name of our patron saint mar gregorios ( parumala ) , the great vision of saint mar dionysius ( vattasseril ) , the prayerful patronage of holy fathers and the encouragement of elders have enabled the movement to serve the church and the student community at large .
the doctor takes charge of the situation , explaining their basic prediciment and how he plans to save their lives but he needs their cooperation and with very little encouragement the prisoners agree .
when we consider the word and promises of a compassionate god to the poor lost family of adam , we find the strongest encouragement for christians to pray in faith -- to ask in the name of jesus for the conversion of their fellow - men .
with russell 's encouragement and financial backing , barbour wrote an outline of their views in " three worlds ; or plan of redemption " , published in 1877 .
in the non - intrusion controversy which divided the church of scotland cooke used all his influence with the government to obtain concessions satisfactory to the liberties of the church , and on the day of the disruption ( 18 may 1843 ) gave the encouragement of his presence and voice to the founders of the free church .
the term anti - pornography movement is used to describe those who argue that pornography has a variety of harmful effects , such as encouragement of human trafficking , desensitization , pedophilia , dehumanization , exploitation , sexual dysfunction , and inability to maintain healthy sexual relationships .
in her third book , published in 1999 " la sabia insinuacion de las cosas " landero louis , among other things , said " ... a veritable feast for the senses , salome knows how to look at things from it rioja rioja untransferable unique ... " rafael guillén said , " ... manages to convey a great encouragement and an unusually rich poetic imagery ... " .
in addition to his own playing , osborn is also known for his discovery and encouragement of the popular brother - and - sister duo , the carpenters .
there , she receives encouragement from the ghost of john f. kennedy in a dream .
it enclosed twenty pages describing an evolutionary mechanism , a response to darwin 's recent encouragement , with a request to send it on to lyell if darwin thought it worthwhile .
he rebukes the other thanes and goes to beowulf 's aid crying words of encouragement .
the grounds lie very contiguous to the populous manufacturing town of stockport where bleachers and printers are both much wanted and every encouragement will be given to a good tenant
these artistes received little encouragement to perform as soloists but some of them did work in this direction and gave solo recitals .
she writes a blog encouragement for women .
the hoover initiative got no encouragement from those at the meeting .
upon voldemaras ' removal from office , geležinis vilkas went underground and received aid and encouragement in its activities from germany .
with that encouragement , she studied illustration at new york 's school of visual arts , and currently lives in queens , new york .
factors contributing to the growth of protestantism included the disorganized state of korean buddhism , the efforts made by educated christians to reconcile christian and confucian values ( the latter being viewed as purely a social ethic rather than a religion ) , the encouragement of self - support and selfgovernment among members of the korean church , and the identification of christianity with korean nationalism .
this station was established with the goal of the " encouragement of industries and commerce " within the state .
encouragement of education , exploding old customs and superstitions , and criticisim of corrupt officials are common themes of sinsoseol .
with cowen 's tutelage and encouragement padilla won a scholarship to cowen 's alma mater high school , collegiate school in manhattan at collegiate padilla learned greek , latin , and french , participated in debate tournaments , and was described by an administrator as " one of the most powerful intellects " to ever attend the school .
awarded every year , the medal is the oldest royal society medal still being awarded , having first been given in 1731 to stephen gray , who received it for " his new electrical experiments : - as an encouragement to him for the readiness he has always shown in obliging the society with his discoveries and improvements in this part of natural knowledge " .
currently , chandru is involved in various kannada language activities concerning to the public , government and the mass media , has been instrumental in setting up bodies for the classical language 's enhancement & encouragement .
he is renowned for his generosity towards and patient encouragement of his students , many of whom have gone on to forge successful writing careers ; they include gretchen mazur , helen fremont , michael byers , jardine libaire , porter shreve , davy rothbart , john fulton , marc nesbitt , patrick o'keeffe , jess row , francesca delbano , peter orner , heidi julavits , karl iagnemma , achy obejas and elwood reid .
the encouragement to the trade of bombay combined with the company 's military successes in the deccan paved the way for the educational and economic progress which characterized the city during the nineteenth century .
it was in spain that stephens began his friendship with michener , who was a great help and an encouragement .
it was heavy influenced by 1 corinthians 14 : " but everyone who prophesies speaks to men for their strengthening , encouragement and comfort " ( 1 cor 14:3 ) .
bright side of life ” also has an overall theme of encouragement .
part of this demonstration was the encouragement of mexican / central american students to walk out of schools across the nation at a set time .
maintaining close ties to france since independence in 1960 , diversification of agriculture for export , and encouragement of foreign investment , has made one of the most prosperous of the tropical african states .
the researchers found , via their study , that children who received positive encouragement from a computer were more confident in their ability , were more motivated , recalled more of a story and recognized more features of a story than those children who received only neutral comments from their computer .
. almaida , with the support and encouragement of the then district collector , started a school on the outskirts of the city , beyond the dairy farm and called it the ' visakha valley school ' .
in 1709 , over 50 german palatines settled along the north side of the creek near the hudson , with the encouragement of queen anne .
writing on " national journal 's " pollster.com blog , brendan nyhan observed that the poll " suggests that the encouragement of the birth certificate myth by conservative pundits and republican politicians has begun to activate the gop base on this issue . "
he is critical of the claims made by psychotherapy , and suggests that it only works to the extent that the therapist becomes a friend of the patient , providing encouragement and support .
the end of the joseon period was marked by consistent encouragement for the country to trade with the western world , china , and japan .
after much encouragement and support from her father , however , she plucks up the courage to carry on .
much public attention has focused on opus dei 's encouragement of the practice of mortification .
known as the " west coast king of western swing " , stogner moved to california to pursue a musical career with the encouragement from fellow texan , milton brown .
kanu 's return gave ryuubi more encouragement .
this encouragement was the beginning of a friendship that was of great value to smetana in his subsequent career .
studbook sbs was originally founded in 1920 as " societe d’encourgement pour l’elevage du cheval d’armes " or " society for the encouragement of breeding army horses , " and produced cavalry horses and remounts for the belgian army , which at the time were primarily imported from france .
according to historian and comparatist ştefan borbély , an additional reflection of the group 's educational theory was its encouragement of a " public fantasy " by depicting children as " nasty " human beings who need to be kept in tight check .
founded as hesser business college in manchester in 1900 , hesser college continues to follow the principle of providing individual encouragement and assistance to all students instilled by its founder , joel h. hesser .
pulp and daddy organize a series of contests , and delilah competes against " mike " with the encouragement of " herbert " in various events and loses each time .
i do n't think he had a lot of encouragement to stay , but nobody told him to leave either . "
among its students who attended university with mccay 's encouragement and support was sussanah jane williams , who later became principal of janet clarke hall at the university of melbourne , and the women 's college at the university of sydney .
in 1949 the commonwealth government passed the " state grants ( encouragement of beef production ) act 1949 " which allowed funding for the construction of roads and other infrastructure to support the beef industry , as it was accepted by that time that airfreighting was going to be uneconomic in the long term .
with lyon 's encouragement , sheppard took to crime to augment his legitimate wages .
with the help and encouragement of her irish language teacher , joseph falvey , she recorded a four - song demo , with two covers and two of her own songs which would later appear on her first album .
over 700 guests attended the gala , at which , a transitional - housing facility for women after incarceration , received the american cardinals encouragement award .
at the encouragement of president james monroe , brown was among a group of baptist leaders who created the columbian college , which decades later became the george washington university .
unsurprisingly , in the male team , adrian also has difficulty with the climb but simon 's encouragement urges him on .
he offered benevolent support and encouragement .
while social revolutionaries endeavoured to make the most out of bergson , many leaders of religious thought , particularly the more liberal - minded theologians of all creeds , e.g. , the modernists and neo - catholic party in his own country , showed a keen interest in his writings , and many of them endeavoured to find encouragement and stimulus in his work .
later that evening , they attended the meeting at the lodge , and left with elation at their good deeds and the encouragement of the other members .
following encouragement from dobrica ćosić , later the first president of the federal republic of yugoslavia , and jovan rašković , the croatian serb leader , he co - founded the serbian democratic party ( ) in bosnia and herzegovina in 1989 .
from the beginning , the goal of the sialkot mission of the upcna was the encouragement and nurturing of leadership for the punjabi church in what is now pakistan .
poe would later refer to neal 's response as the first words of encouragement he had received .
while yoriko was busy splashing cold water on her face and talking to herself in the mirror for encouragement , lilica was up to no good .
tim sims encouragement fund award .
with miller 's encouragement , she returned to hollywood in august 1958 , and filmed " some like it hot " directed by billy wilder , and co - starring jack lemmon and tony curtis .
after some encouragement , he returned to the east and took a teaching position at the new england conservatory .
the national day of encouragement in the united states was announced in 2007 and occurs each year on september 12 .
monnier offered advice and encouragement to sylvia beach when she founded an english language bookstore called shakespeare and company in 1919 .
it quickly became popular in the media , since the song served as an encouragement for vietnamese team at that time .
she received some encouragement from charles cochrane but he was unable to find financial backers .
later in life , she found sobriety and penned a volume of short stories and memoirs ( titled " henrietta " ) with the encouragement of her friend , the writer francis wyndham .
only 40 qvrs were left in the front line , but rallying the troops with encouragement and letting the men know that reinforcements were on the way , woolley helped repulse the counter attack by throwing bombs at the advancing germans .
during her youth , two bohemian girls served as cook and nurse in her home , providing an alternative set of cultural norms which surely served as an encouragement for elizabeth to develop her artistic side .
his encouragement of an interdisciplinary approach in teaching , research and coursework helped lead to development of project - based team learning that has earned clarkson national recognition .
the organization 's goals may vary from organization to organization , but essentially the goals include volunteerism of parents , encouragement of teachers and students , community involvement , and welfare of students and families .
in early 1915 , with the encouragement of their commanding officer , stone and normal b. hall approached the curtiss flying school in newport news , virginia about using aircraft in air - sea rescue operations , and participated in experimental flights in a curtiss f flying boat .
eventually bart finds him in the treehouse , but despite encouragement from former child star mickey rooney , milhouse gives up on his acting career .
the phrase " cradle to cradle " itself was coined by walter r. stahel in the 1970 's , and the current model is based on a system of " lifecycle development " initiated by michael braungart and colleagues at the environmental protection encouragement agency ( epea ) in the 1990s and explored through the publication " a technical framework for life - cycle assessment " .
at his encouragement , a group of long island business leaders agreed to fund the formation of the orchestra , under the musical directorship of maestro keene , with chapin serving as chairman of the board of directors .
its purpose is the creation of enthusiasm for scholarship , the stimulation of a desire to render service , the promotion of worthy leadership , and the encouragement of character in all students .
the rest of the group helps her by offering sympathy and encouragement .
by january 1942 , fujiwara was able to give positive reports on the success of japan 's india policy and suggested an eight point policy that included aid for both the iil and the ina , as well as encouragement of the independence movement within india
too episodic , the only encouragement de noux received from editors was praise for the realistic dialogue and strong use of setting .
he gained much encouragement in this period from dick shurman , who eventually produced his comeback album , " return of a legend " ( 2002 ) , on which his bold playing belies his thirty - year break from music . "
there is also the encouragement for a variety of societies and clubs , debating , oratory ,
such demands proved decisive after the crushing of kossuth 's movement : austria steadily withdrew its offers to romanians , as it feared that encouragement of their cause would lead to a hungarian - like crisis .
this pogrom was allegedly organized by ukrainian nationalist circles with german encouragement .
in 1945 , at the request of president franklin d. roosevelt , he recommended that a foundation be established by congress to serve as a focal point for the federal government 's support and encouragement of research and education in science and technology as well as the development of a national science policy .
allied encouragement .
the group provides support and encouragement for each other , and hoag often thanks them in the acknowledgement section of her books .
under perkin 's editorship , and with the encouragement of his young managing director ranald macdonald , " the age " again set itself to influence the agenda of governments , as it had under david syme .
during parantaka ii ’s reign , literature both sanskrit and tamil received encouragement .
with encouragement from his older brother , fame began to write his own rhymes .
nonetheless , woit 's impression is that the foundation is careful to keep conservative politics out of its activities and he does state that “ their encouragement of religion seems to be of a very ecumenical nature " .
archivists and societies can provide advice , encouragement , and information ; formal courses of study are also widely available .
for most of the second millennium , before the twentieth century brought changes beginning with pope pius x 's encouragement of frequent communion , the usual mass was said exactly the same way whether people other than a server were present or not .
with encouragement from her father , however , she continued playing .
his introduction to drama came from school and two english teachers , at wilbraham road school , whose encouragement led to him playing john proctor in a school production of " the crucible " and then to his getting involved with manchester youth theatre .
all included were questions and answers , recipes for healthful living , spiritual encouragement and admonition , letters from the field of their work in the seventh day adventist church , and many other practical christian - living topics .
campaigns of unilateral economic encouragement under the generalized system of preferences and coercion under section 301 of the trade act played an important role in defeating competing policy positions that were favored by developing countries , most notably korea and brazil , but also including thailand , india and caribbean basin states .
while secretary of the " society for the promotion of education among the jews of russia " , he succeeded in directing the activity of that organization toward the encouragement and development of elementary education among the jews .
over the next year , with encouragement from myron hoffman of the university of toronto , moog and deutsch developed the first modular voltage - controlled subtractive synthesizer .
while in antwerp he applied himself to the study of color theory and spent time looking at work in museums , particularly the work of peter paul rubens , gaining encouragement to broaden his palette to carmine , cobalt and emerald green .
he gifted the profit from the sale to the city of perth to assist in the construction of the city 's long - awaited perth concert hall — this was finally constructed with great encouragement from wardle , between 1971 and 1973 .
through the encouragement of alfano i , archbishop of salerno and translations of constantine africanus , salerno gained the title of " town of hippocrates " ( " hippocratica civitas " or " hippocratica urbs " ) .
although having embraced many new fields of endeavor over the years , 4-h retains a strong connection to its roots in agriculture and the associated values of thrift , invention , education , compassion , conservation , encouragement , service , and general happiness and well - being .
he became a communist with the encouragement of his older brother , moishe , a union organizer .
he " deserves praise and encouragement , but not esteem . " it is common knowledge that the people for whose good actions there is no reward are those who act most morally .
giving him the encouragement he needed , and helping him when faced with mistreatment at police hands , boogiepop provides echoes with the push he needed to return to his search .
with the aid of a therapist and the encouragement of her friends , she attempts to move back into the dating scene .
it is also conjectured that the support of the indian community ( who worshipped shiva ) settled in eastern iran and the encouragement he got from their priesthood , before and during his indian campaign , and his relations with ujjain , contributed to his deep involvement with the cult of shiva .
with his help and encouragement , jo improves her writing and resolves her confused feelings about laurie .
cherine added in a blog on her facebook that " everyone in jamaica is concerned about crime , unemployment , rise in gas and food prices and the lack of opportunity , but at the end of the day we all need encouragement and support .
1957 creation of the canada council for the encouragement of the arts , humanities and social sciences
the wiflp had advocated the encouragement of agriculture while the dlp had promised a climate favourable to both private industry and labour , development of human and economic resources .
his artistic studies began in the years 1906 — 1911 at the drawing school at the society for encouragement of arts in st .
the " henriëtte bosmans prize " , named after bosmans , is an encouragement prize for young dutch composers .
during may 1915 , foreign minister of denmark erik scavenius contacted the american government with the message that he believed that the islands ought to be sold to the united states and that although he would not make an official proposal , " if the united states gave any encouragement to the consideration of the possibility of such a sale , it might be possible . "
wwuh was dedicated on november 20 , 1968 to the memory of louis k. roth whose encouragement and generosity , and that of his family , helped make possible the creation , expansion and continued operation of wwuh .
in the spring of 1979 , with the encouragement of the mid - hudson secretariat , john mckinney formed an ad hoc " national " secretariat with jim thornley , anton wellbrock , gerry hoernes , and bob decker .
in addition , the lower school focuses on building the student ’s confidence level through means of encouragement ; the students are encouraged to explore their surroundings , attempt new challenges , and work at a pace with materials of their choosing .
upon the tunku ’s encouragement , he rejoined umno in april 1953 .
while the investment subsidy may be simpler to administer , the main argument in favour of feed - in tariffs is the encouragement of quality .
by all accounts , gérard was well - respected by moshoeshoe for remaining in the country during the free state - basotho wars , and it has been said that it was at gérard 's encouragement that the chief sought british intervention at the end of the conflict .
in november , ma returned to gaungzhou and became the dean of music at the guangdong college of fine arts , and in may 1947 , under the encouragement of li ling , ma became the music conservatory of hong kong .
" chuimsae " consists of meaningless vowel sounds or short words of encouragement .
particularly in later years , it has been popular to form " teams " among friends , groups of " tricksters " with a group name , as a form of self - encouragement and to build self - identity as a " trickster " .
one cookbook common in the colonies , " the art of cookery made plain and easy " , by hannah glasse , held the french style of cookery in disdain , stating " the blind folly of this age that would rather be imposed on by a french booby , than give encouragement to a good english cook ! "
it has been reported that paul mccartney poked his head around the door , thumbs aloft , and offered cheers and encouragement to the band whilst recording .
the success of the band 's single , the album , and their tour of 1971 , which saw their first and hugely successful tour of europe ( audience members reportedly included elton john and david bowie ) , provided enough encouragement for warner bros. to offer the band a new multi - album contract .
as an intellectual he gained considerable scientific fame based on his encouragement of astronomy , which included astrology at the time and the ptolemaic cosmology as known to him through the arabs .
according to gorbachev , " perestroika " was the " conference of development of democracy , socialist self - government , encouragement of initiative and creative endeavor , improved order and disciple , more glasnost , criticism and self - criticism in all spheres of our society .
in 2007 , hans bader , counsel for special projects of the competitive enterprise institute ( a liberterian think - tank ) ranked blumenthal as " the nation 's worst state attorney general " , based on " a set of explicit criteria — such as encroachment on the powers of other branches of government , meddling in the affairs of other states or federal agencies , encouragement of judicial activism and frivolous lawsuits , favoritism towards campaign contributors , ethical breaches , and failure to provide representation to state agencies or to provide legal advice . "
similar encouragement was offered through frequent playing of “
columbus travelled from portugal to both genoa and venice , but he received encouragement from neither .
while adler has claimed that there has been talk and encouragement for a reunion among the other original members , this appears to be unfounded : in a 2007 interview with " guitar edge " magazine , for instance , slash stated " i ’ve obviously moved on and have a lot to do with velvet revolver , so that ’s where my head is .
after encouragement from friends and family , he auditioned for and successfully landed the role of eldest brother rocky .
one of his most challenged students , her life turned around by mr. holland 's encouragement , has become the governor of their state .
despite success overseas and a successful european tour , the album was given little encouragement from mercury records and subsequently failed in the united states .
the award honors “ that citizen - of - the theatre who has demonstrated a significant impact , understanding , and affirmation of the craft of playwriting , with a lifetime commitment to the encouragement of the living theatre everywhere . ”
having fairly well recovered from her injuries in the traumatic 1952 accident , she studied for a period in 1956 with the great abstract expressionist painter hans hofmann in provincetown , massachusetts , and this mentoring gave her a jolt of inspiration and encouragement .
in 1887 , sōseki met masaoka shiki , a friend who would give him encouragement on the path to becoming a writer , which would ultimately be his career .
rdf 's encouragement to stay involved has paid off , as recent graduates who have gotten excellent jobs in hyderabad have immediately called rdf to say they could now sponsor a child 's education back in the village .
founded in 2004 and with currently over 200 active members , it reflects the strong emphasis that the school places on the teaching of entrepreneurship and the encouragement of entrepreneurial ventures .
