this causes the relay to become de - energized , indicating that a rock slide has occurred .
the form 's maximum drive finisher is the rider punch , during which kamen rider double somersaults in mid - air , then heatjoker 's body splits down the middle during descent as the halves each hit the target with elementally energized hooks .
re - energized in 2001 by r.k.shenoy , professor of architecture from manipal institute of technology ( mit ) , dramanon grew in number and strength from there on into a vibrant , young theatre group that stages 2 productions every year to packed houses .
a " not " coil , energized whenever its rung is open
musically rebecca riots is upbeat , energized folk music .
the contrasts between law and grace , prophecy and mystery , israel and the church , the body of christ were energized by scofield , barnhouse and ironside in the hearts of these men and studied and proclaimed by o'hair , stam and a host of other " grace " teachers .
but carey had a powerful weapon the other candidates did not — a committed network of tdu activists and an energized rank and file .
after obtaining her master of fine arts from pratt , stites spent time in houston , where she enjoyed the freshly energized art scene , and later lived for eleven years in the florida keys .
the mixer operator returned from making his telephone call and pushed the toggle switch to check that the mixer was de - energized .
the commission , led by french colonel pierre chardigny , re - energized the negotiations .
on each end of the ferreed , the windings provided by the two different p leads were opposed to each other , and the greater one predominated when both were energized .
in this vision , a hip , energized urban population enjoys exceptional restaurants , stylish shops , and first - rate art galleries , all located nearby . "
perhaps energized by the celebration , the bulldogs went on to defeat the gators 42–30 , setting the table for a big finish to the season .
a second set of contacts on the relay , normally closed ( when the relay is restored they are closed , when the relay is energized they are open ) is used to operate the annunciator , usually a bell .
the event features the top 150 men 's and women 's professional beach volleyball players in highly competitive and energized matches .
rao energized the national nuclear security and ballistic missiles program , which ultimately resulted in the 1998 pokhran nuclear tests .
by all accounts he was very happy and energized during production , a fact often attributed to the joy of recreating his early career in the music hall .
following herzl 's death , ahad haam became the main leader of the wzo along with chaim weizmann , who easily energized the zionist movement with ideas for a regeneration of the hebrew language , establishment of jewish settlements in palestine , and resurrecting nationalism with jews in the jewish diaspora .
it is also a place " where no elevator can go , and no stair can reach " until the building is de - energized .
the later games ( jungle lord , pharaoh , solar fire ) feature a " variable " type magna - save in that the magnet is energized as long as the player likes ( up to the time they have earned ) ; on black knight the machine controls the magnet time ( adjustable by the operator from three seconds to ten seconds ) .
the dock for the virtual ship " skidbladnir " is later created in a similar location , and even has an elevator to access it , and spots where the lyoko warriors can be energized directly into it .
refreshed and energized , they went into ham & cheese studios with doolang armed with an onslaught of new songs , and recorded one of their most solid efforts to date : their first official full - length cd , state of halitosis .
officially back in the race , jacksonville officials were energized , indicated by a drive to sell club seats that resulted in over 10,000 seats being sold in 10 days .
dea and nida opposition prevented any scientific studies of medical marijuana for more than a decade , but in the 1990s , activists and doctors were energized by seeing marijuana help dying aids patients .
within two years , kaiser had revamped and energized the troupe 's fundraising , and attracted critical attention and acclaim through ambitious programming initiatives .
it was filled with energized tachyons , time in its most basic form .
the second set of subvariants , designated xm18e1 ( and standardized as the m18 ) and suu-11a / a , featured an aircraft - to - pod electric connection , allowing aircraft internal power to be used in providing better starting torque , a de - energized solenoid allowing for better round clearing at low rates of fire , and circuitry that allowed for selectable rates of fire .
in the mid-'70s , there was a brief resurgence of talent , under the editorship of george wildman , energized by writer and later editor nicola cuti , artist joe staton , and the " cpl gang " — a group of writer / artist comics fans including byrne , roger stern , bob layton , and roger slifer , who had all worked on the fanzine " cpl ( contemporary pictorial literature ) " .
constructed in 1976 and 1977 , mass driver 1 was an early demonstration of the concept of the mass driver , a form of electromagnetic launcher , which in principle could also be configured as a rocket motor , using asteroidal materials for reaction mass and energized by solar or other electric power .
fletcher is allowed to return without being de - energized and adjusted on condition he tell no one the truth he 's learned and convinces his wife everything he 's already told her was due to a temporary psychological fit .
. energized by these initial findings , thinkfun and the bunge lab are framing out a large - scale study that will use fmri technology to measure the effects of game play on the brain .
this minimized the introduction of hum when the filament was energized with alternating current .
it was an epoxy glass cylinder , roughly 10 cm in diameter by 20 cm long , wrapped with a coil of aluminium wire , energized by the batteries .
in this type , the sensor circuit ( called the " loop " in industrial terminology ) holds the relay energized .
out of the 31 barangays , 29 were energized at present .
when a pack is not energized , there is a number above a " u " showing .
he energized the now - defunct performing arts foundation ( paf ) of huntington .
i do n't know how this happened , but i 'm incredibly inspired and energized by it . "
these venues have been known to stay open late into the night with many energized partygoers not arriving at the venue in question until 1 am to start their night fueled with drinking and dancing .
thinking he was turning the mixer off , he activated the breaker switch and energized the mixer .
the band 's performances were re - energized by hartman 's return and the harder sound .
" i was so affected and energized by ' the connection , ' " edward albee said after his death . "
this , however , becomes moot after azulongmon shares the energy of his digi - cores , allowing the digimon energized to revert to their base and default forms regardless of whichever stage they fought in .
building wiring under the us national electrical code and the canadian electrical code is identified by colors to show energized and neutral conductors , grounding conductors and to identify phases .
direct contact with ( touching ) energized conductors still present a risk of electrocution .
the vietnam war energized a large number of supporters of anti - war senator eugene mccarthy of minnesota , but they had no say in the matter .
reverend enoch hill of m.e. church of grand junction in iowa , endorsed the product in many 1900s advertisements , saying that it energized him and cured his chronic headaches .
once the matrix has been completely energized , the ends of the three tails separate from one another , and the leviathan enters the rift in space - time that opens ahead of it , which promptly seals itself as soon as the leviathan is through .
job clubs provide mutual support and reinforcement that keep members focused and energized .
in principle , disconnecting switches do not have to interrupt currents , as they are designed for use on de - energized circuits .
in larger sizes , these connectors must also safely contain any arc produced when an energized circuit is disconnected or may require interlocking to prevent opening a live circuit .
this marked a departure from gloria 's dance / pop music , because she was better known for her dance - energized songs .
paul tsongas of massachusetts won the new hampshire primary on february 18 but clinton 's second place finish , helped by his speech labeling himself " the comeback kid , " energized his campaign .
both appeared in remixed form on the ep and the original singles were remixed on a variety of different formats ( 12 " and cd ) and energized the burgeoning uk acid - house scene .
masers require that a group of molecules be pumped to an energized state ( labeled " e"2 in the diagram at right ) , like compressed springs ready to uncoil .
this causes the relay to become de - energized , indicating that a rock slide has occurred .
with a new energized independence movement , the stage was set for a new leader , habib bourguiba .
this refers to the process by which the light is generated ; the excitation of nitrogen molecules due to electron collisions ( the electrons possibly having been energized by the electromagnetic pulse caused by a discharge from the ionosphere ) .
in writing the prequel trilogy , " star wars " creator george lucas said he wanted the lightsaber combat to be " reminiscent of what had been done in the previous films but also something that was more energized .
if you look at drama in shakespeare 's day , or the novel in the last century , or the movie today , it suggests that an art enters its golden age when it is addressed to and energized by the general audiences of its time . "
the hate - monger 's brain has been " energized " by arnim zola 's techniques , enabling him to project his consciousness into the brain of a body cloned from his own if his current body is dying .
these women were " energized to take legal action almost as much by the attitude of the city bureaucrats [ who were apathetic ] was by the need to protect their families and the neighborhood " .
today there are vestiges that still remain of greek hydrotherapy , the ancient spa of therma in ikaria : the island of ikaria has an abundance of the highly therapeutic radio- energized springs .
after a highly competitive preliminary round and an energized final competition , the home team from halifax broke vancouver 's winning streak to become the second city to capture the canadian team championship in the history of cfsw .
the fear of nuclear war with the soviet union , along with less expressible qualms about radioactive fallout from america 's own atomic tests , energized many of the era 's genre films .
when the solenoid is energized it pushes the milling head down against a spring stop which is attached to a pressure foot assembly that limits the milling head 's downward travel .
barangay san nicolas balas became the first barangay to be energized by tarelco ii .
since the start of 1984 , british writer alan moore had re - energized the horror series " the saga of the swamp thing " , and his acclaimed work sparked the comic - book equivalent of rock music 's british invasion .
dr. nemesis discovered that magma is also able to recover from laceration wounds in her human form by changing to her energized form , the intense heat cauterizing and sealing any wounds .
what emerges from these philosophies , in the view of hu , is a country with systematic approach to national structure and development that combines dynamic economic growth , a free market energized by a vigorous " nonpublic " ( i.e. , private ) sector , heavy - handed political and media control , personal but not political freedoms , concern for the welfare of all citizens , cultural enlightenment , and a synergistic approach to diverse social issues ( the scientific development perspective ) that lead , in hu ’s vision , to a " harmonious society " .
but this has re - energized concerns about " accidental " release of the kiev reservoir ( and all subsequent reservoirs ) .
emerging out of the deflated optimism of the summer of love ( and energized by the enactment of the loft laws that made it legal for artists to live in downtown new york 's industrial spaces ) the downtown no wave scene attracted painters , sculptors , photographers , musicians , performance art , filmmakers , and writers who could afford the then - low rent lofts and lower east side tenement apartments .
the power ring fires blasts of rage energy , which takes the form of corrosive , rage - energized blood .
however , upon learning that agatha 's demise had been greatly exaggerated , he became energized to her defense .
also , objects which are energized by battery , like dewilde 's flashlight and telephone , stopped working .
the cooperative was organized in 1937 and the first of power lines were energized in november 1938 to 245 meters .
for the winter of 1970 the bipole lines were energized with alternating current , contributing a useful amount of energy to the manitoba system ; a shunt reactor was installed to prevent excess voltage rise due to the ferranti effect .
the field of the generator is energized and the voltage at the terminals of the generator is observed and compared with the system .
each time a key character was needed , thirteen inputs to the rotor stack were energized at the input endplate .
sherman 's capture of atlanta in september ended defeatist jitters ; the democratic party was deeply split , with some leaders and most soldiers openly for lincoln ; the union party was united and energized , and lincoln was easily reelected in a landslide .
compounders or accelerators are energized when you over pull on the working string and compress a compressible fluid through a few feet of stroke distance and at the same time activate the fishing jar .
while " rocky horror " soldiered on , by then a phenomenon unto itself , and new films like " the warriors " ( 1979 ) , " the gods must be crazy " ( 1980 ) , " the evil dead " ( 1981 ) , " heavy metal " ( 1981 ) , and " pink floyd the wall " ( 1982)—all from mainstream distributors — were picked up by the midnight movie circuit , the core of exhibitors that energized the movement was disappearing .
in addition to passive measurements of other lasers , the masint system can use active lasers ( lidar ) for distance measurements , but also for destructive remote sensing that provides energized material for spectroscopy .
in four short seasons , davis re - energized a bulldog program that had not had a winning season since the 1985 - 86 season .
when the solenoid valve is de - energized , air is again supplied to the front of the bolt to return it .
he was encouraged by the nascent democracy in brazil at the time , buoyed by the positive reception he got from the large crowd and other musicians , and musically energized by the sounds and nature of brazilian music .
energized , compiled by kay kuzma , r&h , 2005
the omnicons quickly re - energized him with super energon from the reservoir beneath the planet 's surface , while optimus prime struggled with a unicron - possessed galvatron .
the parish of santuario de san pedro bautista ( formerly named san pedro bautista parish ) , stands on holy ground because of their patron saint , san pedro bautista , lived out his vocation , re - energized his missionary calling and prayed for god 's people here .
now , some may see the millions upon millions of votes cast for each of us as evidence that our party is divided , but i see it as proof that we have never been more energized and united in our desire to take this country in a new direction . "
only the section of the coils surrounding the carriage is energized at any given time , minimizing reactive losses .
" touch potential " is the voltage between the energized object and the feet of a person in contact with the object .
the 2008 winner " capt chaos " was later exported to hong kong and renamed " energized " .
after years of chronic fatigue and complications , bernstein felt healthy and energized .
the hot stick not only electrically insulates the worker from the energized conductor , it provides physical separation from the device being operated , to reduce the chances of burns which might result from electrical arcing if there is a malfunction of the device being operated .
the washington post " felt watson to have given " [ her ] most charming performance to date " , while " the daily telegraph " described the lead actors as " newly - liberated and energized , eager to give all they have to what 's left of the series " .
kaitlin discovers that the sword is energized by lightning and when grimlord 's army enters reality , the sword begins to draw its power .
" roman boy " described as a provocative " sexually graphic work " , alternatively " scandalized or energized " critics and the public , and earned the work a picture in " life " magazine , earning him a degree of recognition that was unusual for an artist from st. louis .
mr. austin joined an energized team of administrators , including richard dibianca , ph.d. , upper school principal ; tom ashburn , middle school principal ; pegeen galvin , dean of students ; and frederick von rollenhagen , dean of faculty .
with the growler energized , the feeler is moved from slot to slot .
as bishop of erie , trautman some have said that he has energized the diocesan youth and vocational programs , renovated the interior of the cathedral , and established a diocesan deposit and loan fund and a retirement home for clergy dedicated in honor of his predecessor , bishop michael murphy .
if the fault path between accidentally energized objects and the supply connection has low impedance , the fault current will be so large that the circuit overcurrent protection device ( fuse or circuit breaker ) will open to clear the ground fault .
the first thought a man had that was imperfect and impure , energized by a secret feeling , was a cause and that , sent out into the atmosphere , created an effect .
in recent years , the effects of liberalization of the indian economy has energized the city 's economy towards tertiary sector activities like commerce , communication , construction activities .
from this foundation , ray went on to create other highly acclaimed films , like " charulata " , " mahanagar " , and " aranyer dinratri " , and his international success energized other bengal filmmakers like mrinal sen and ritwik ghatak .
when a player re - energizes , the display shows how many times the player has energized .
each sub - pixel of a display devices must be selected ( addressed ) in order to be energized in a controlled way .
the poles on milwaukee 's east side were energized by the construction of st. stanislaus church on the south side , and 40 families met in 1871 to organize their own parish closer to home .
the hammersuit appears to use arc generating , steampunk inspired electrically energized pneumatic hammers as weapons .
the energized tech defense was disinclined to allow any such thing .
these words of thakur deshraj played a lightening effect amongst the people and they all were energized for further struggle with the jagirdars .
you walk away from it energized , but wondering what price eddie vedder , and pearl jam , will ultimately pay for it . "
subhash k. jha approved the chemistry as well , " ... there are sparks ... and the ones between kareena and shahid are so unselfconsciously genuine that you end up looking at the characters rather than the two actors going through a series of brilliantly conceived and energized incidents ... "
in a turn of events , tommy is resurrected ; it is revealed that he 'd been energized by the power of the force - field that electrocuted him .
ament also said that vedder 's reaction to the rest of the band 's new material kept " everybody energized about their place in the band . "
but within a month of the start of the strike in june 1987 , kellman had radicalized and energized the factory workers and was building a successful " class - based social movement . "
based on mpdo record , 63 out of 91 barangays are energized .
whereas ruth appeared both listless and restless around teddy prior to his going up to bed without her , she appears energized by the encounter with lenny ( 35–51 ) and even seems to relish gaining the upper hand over him , taunting him with a " name " his " mother " used ( " leonard " [ 49 ] ) and then appearing to make him " some kind of proposal " over a clash over a " glass of water " : " if you take the glass ... i 'll take you " ( 50 ) , she threatens .
they are cross - coupled when energized by the ferrimagnetic resonance frequency , which depends on the external magnetic field supplied by an electromagnet .
the dramatic success of the modesto march energized the farm labor movement in california , and governor brown quickly began pushing for labor law reform .
in some yards ( notably hither green , south east london ) overhead catenary energized to 650 v dc was used .
in 2008 , he was posthumously awarded , with his widow diane , a special " 20 year award of excellence " from the downtown beloit association because they " nurtured a small movement " that re - energized the city business district .
supporters remained energized and confident , even in times of scandal or missteps .
on the london underground a top - contact third rail is beside the track , energized at + 420 v dc , and a top - contact fourth rail is located centrally between the running rails at -210 v dc , which combine to provide a traction voltage of 630 v dc .
although 225 barangays are energized , only about 38% of these barangays are sufficiently powered , most of these are located in the cities of isabela and lamitan , and maluso municipality .
the charging - circuit can be adapted to be energized by the action of various other disturbances and effects at a distance .
using his sword attacks and long , energized whip , it seemed cosmos did n’t have a chance !
for example , a crane that was grounded to the system neutral and that contacted an energized line would expose any person in contact with the crane or its uninsulated load line to a touch potential nearly equal to the full fault voltage .
for example when working on 600 v switchgear and performing a removal of bolted covers to expose bare , energized parts , the table recommends category 3 protective clothing system .
members may describe their latihan as leaving them feeling " cleansed " , " centered " , " at peace " , or " energized " .
throughout the holocene epoch , the anahim hotspot has energized numerous volcanoes .
the purpose of the equipment bonding conductor is to provide a low impedance path between non - current - carrying metallic parts of equipment and one of the conductors of that electrical system 's source so that should these parts become energized for any reason , such as a frayed or damaged conductor , a short circuit will occur and thus cause an overcurrent protection device such as a circuit breaker or fuse to activate and disconnect the faulted circuit .
these words of thakur deshraj played a lightening effect amongst the people and they all were energized for further struggle with the jagirdars .
they tend to be energized when around other people , and they are more prone to boredom when they are by themselves .
the series , started in 2007 with " the new mom workout " , " total body workout " , " lower body burn " and " super energized workout . "
the great rivalries keep the streets of the uae energized as people fill the streets when their favorite team wins .
there was a lack of an institutional response to the uprising , which energized calls to reevaluate the articles of confederation and gave strong impetus to the constitutional convention which began in may 1787 .
the rise of universities and their libraries was energized greatly by bequests : bp .
in their first mission back , gambit was temporarily blinded by one of his energized cards that went off by his face .
the rockets , energized by malone ’s 26.8 points and 14.5 rebounds per game during the playoffs , advanced all the way to the nba finals .
a loop of wire is generally energized by a direct current .
the energized electrons are replaced by oxidizing water to form hydrogen ions and molecular oxygen .
a fresh emb toured japan and a newly energized eric graced the stage at numerous hometown clubs in the san francisco bay area .
separate circuit breakers must never be used for disconnecting live and neutral , because if the neutral gets disconnected while the live conductor stays connected , a dangerous condition arises : the circuit will appear de - energized ( appliances will not work ) , but wires will stay live and rcds will not trip if someone touches the live wire ( because rcds need power to trip ) .
the energized state is typically achieved by applying 24 volts of alternating current , which is commonly used in hvac
the word edutopia represents a new world of learning -- an ideal educational landscape , where students are motivated to learn and teachers are energized by the excitement of teaching .
when the compressor is energized the shuttle valves directs air to open the brake shoes .
but one conclusion that appears to be universal is that one event in particular – dubbed " the night of the long knives " – energized the sovereignist movement during the 1980s .
" untouched " is an energized electropop song , and follows the genre shift of the previous single " hook me up " from pop / rock to electropop / techno .
this in turn energized political movements across the spectrum in spain , including a revived anarchist movement and new reactionary and fascist groups , including the falange and a revived carlist movement .
( " energized " usually refers to a conductor being connected to hot power , as opposed to neutral .
the cooperative was organized in 1937 and the first of power lines were energized in november 1938 .
when this relay is de - energized , the system understands the track to be occupied or damaged , and the signals show it as such to prevent a train from proceeding and encountering harm .
featured in act:17 , and most likely activated by schwarzwald , the leviathan 's four claws can be energized and turn anything that it touches into sand .
lillie mccain has met the brother of the senator , joseph " joe " mccain , who has attended the teoc reunions , and described him as " very cordial , warm , extrovert ... really an energized personality " .
a " not " contact , open whenever its corresponding coil is energized
adepts of food combining claim they never feel tired after eating a large meal , but energized and ready to go .
the cooperative was organized in 1938 and the first power lines were energized in december 1939 .
here is an article on daoist diet from the perspective of the three worms and the energized fasting practice known as bigu or abstention from grains or cereals .
in 1974 , foghat released two gold albums , " energized " and " rock & roll outlaws " .
meanwhile , the " enterprise " is caught and destroyed by the tholians , with forrest lost and the rest of the crew dying in escape pods hitting energized walls of a tholian energy space trap set around the enterprise .
the electrons and ions in the magnetosphere that are thus energized move along the magnetic field lines to the polar regions of the atmosphere .
he always played fast paced , endurance and offense ( smash ) based game which always energized onlookers .
regions where particles have been energized or raised to very high temperatures by strong magnetic fields , violent explosions , and intense gravitational forces .
this energized shell radiates as a planetary nebula .
in flow the emotions are not just contained and channeled , but positive , energized , and aligned with the task at hand .
aziz 's efforts in the 1970s advocating for the preservation of london 's built and cultural heritage energized the local heritage community and in part prompted the ontario government of the day under progressive conservative premier , the honourable bill davis , to enact the " ontario heritage act " in the mid-1970s .
officially back in the race , jacksonville officials were energized , indicated by a drive to sell club seats that resulted in over 10,000 seats being sold in 10 days .
however the impact of the webster - haynes debate ( see next section ) energized the radicals and some moderates started to move in their direction .
in the simultaneous dissolution of their difference in a greater whole , therapist and client surrender their painful isolation for a moment , only to have individuality returned to them in the next , re - energized and enriched by the experience of " loss . "
the ringer was a mechanical bell consisting of two bell gongs of slightly different sizes ( for different pitches ) and a striker between them driven by a solenoid ; when the solenoid was energized by ac ringing current ( about 90 v at 20 hz ) , it struck the two gongs alternately , producing a distinctive sound composed of the rings of the two gongs combined in rapid alternation .
subotic 's work ethic had so energized him that ms. travis was physically frightened by his energy .
at this juncture in american cultural history , the so - called literary and drug - culture of san francisco became increasingly energized in the climate of the anti - war movement .
he returns to the normal world and , with the mirror portal to the darkside now de - energized , he smashes it , preventing access to the normal world .
mario lemieux 's return to the nhl after missing the entire 1994–95 season energized the penguins and re - instituted the team 's finesse game for the 1995–96 season .
his main weapon , apparently an ordinary sword , is actually a powerful weapon that , when energized , is able to wipe out the deadliest of professor k 's cyborgs .
the device used stimulated emission in a stream of energized ammonia molecules to produce amplification of microwaves at a frequency of 24 gigahertz .
the cooperative was organized in february , 1941 and the first power lines were energized in march 1944 .
the fusion reaction generates a highly energized plasma .
the rotor magnetic field may be produced by induction ( in a " brushless " alternator ) , by permanent magnets ( in very small machines ) , or by a rotor winding energized with direct current through slip rings and brushes .
at the age of 27 , he read " an inquiry into the nature and causes of wealth of nations " by adam smith and was energized by the theories of economics .
the company quickly re - energized after the war , with the superleggera system widely licensed and copied .
in this energized state they procreated in a location deemed to possess magical earth energy .
over the years indy has toured internationally entertaining and performing in front of energized crowds and has collaborated with renowned indian artists surinder shinda , kuldeep manak , and performed alongside so solid crew , jay sean and legendary hip hop artists public enemy and pras from the fugees .
the only difference ( described above ) is the method by which the correction solenoid is energized .
when the primary of the transformer is energized , the secondary produces a fraction of a volt and several hundred amperes of current , which rapidly heats the copper tip .
a re - energized front porch string band roared back onto the scene with their 1991 album , " lines and traces " .
as a result , out of 25 barangays , 23 are already energized .
a more severe long - term effect would be the direct exposure to high energy photons ( ultraviolet , x - ray , and gamma ) and energized subatomic particles ( primarily protons ) .
wanda later reconciles with vision , and becomes energized with chaos magic when the villain scorpio splits the cosmic entity the in - betweener into his separate order and chaos personas .
after an attack by brother eye , the scarab appeared energized , and ted brought it to the wizard shazam , who took it and sent ted away .
energy x strikes many of the city 's inhabitants , giving them superpowers that echo their personality traits ( for instance , minuteman 's staunch patriotism and el diablo 's fiery temper ) or draw on the situation they were in when energized ( e.g. , the ant or nuclear winter ) .
when tommy was revived , he summoned his white tigerzord to defend the city , but dragonzord , energized by the wizard 's evil , soundly beat him .
a renewed sense of self - confidence soon re - energized the party .
the electromagnets are energized by an external control circuit , such as a microcontroller .
then the circuit board ignitor relay is energized which sends 120 volts to the hot surface ignitor and makes it glow bright and get extremely hot .
students can learn during these brain breaks plus return to a task renewed and energized .
soon after , thunderball took an ordinary wrecking ball for an offensive weapon which was energized by the wrecker 's crowbar , making it almost indestructible .
these words of thakur deshraj played a lightening effect amongst the people and they all were energized for further struggle with the jagirdars .
however , in the mid-1990s the music scene began to take off again , energized by the coming of age of the children of those who had settled in the early 1980s .
bashy mentions " backing off blue alizé , energized off red bull " in his song ' 4 o'clock ' .
he was a co - inventor of the self - exciting dynamo , an electric generator using electromagnets for the field which are energized by the generator output , in 1866 ( derry & williams , p614 ) .
this time , instead of doing one of his traditional polka medleys , yankovic decided to do a single song polka which was composed completely of " bohemian rhapsody " ( this was most likely done due to the song 's increased popularity after the hit movie " wayne 's world " re - energized its playing on the radio .
the regulated air supplied by a front low pressure regulator ( lpr ) is run through a 2/3-way solenoid valve that is designed to be " normally on " when it is not energized .
another group thought the same , writing , " future missions to the moon have re - energized the lunar community and renewed interest in the lunar orbiter data " .
the dramatic success of the modesto march energized the farm labor movement in california , and governor brown quickly began pushing for labor law reform .
hot cathodes may be either directly heated , where the filament itself is the source of electrons , or indirectly heated , where the filament is electrically insulated from the cathode ; this configuration minimizes the introduction of hum when the filament is energized with alternating current .
. bowcasters launch " quarrels " , which are energized crossbow bolts .
this opens the tanker 's main refueling valve allowing fuel to flow to the drogue under the appropriate pressure ( assuming the tanker crew has energized the pump ) .
the surge of inrush current when the heater is first energized causes stress in the heater , and can be avoided by slowly warming the heaters , gradually increasing current .
a cd containing training footage of lesnar are found inside the boxes of dymatize xpand and energized xpand .
taking breaks outside in settings that contained some nature has been shown to reduce stress , leaving nurses feeling refreshed , relaxed , and energized upon return to work .
energized by the anti - german sentiment during world war i , in 1918 it achieved the main goal of passage of the 18th amendment establishing national prohibition .
in the bottom of the third , edgar martínez 's three - run homer energized the crowd and gave the mariners new life .
however , the sudden escalation in the autobot / decepticon war caused by the mini - cons ' reawakening had resulted in a vast increase of the hatred and " negative energy " that powered unicron , who soon shed his moon disguise and attacked the planet in his re - energized gargantuan robot form .
organic conductors had been intermittently discussed and the area was energized by the prediction of superconductivity , following the discovery of bcs theory .
miller 's democratic reforms had energized his critics and decentralized the union so that unity was now much more difficult to achieve .
with monopolar transmission the choice of polarity of the energized conductor leads to a degree of control over the corona discharge .
however , the newly energized kentucky baseball faithful saw the cats crash out of the sec tournament early and fail to make it out of the regionals of the ncaa tournament at home .
long an advocate of sustainability , butte college has become ( as of may 2009 ) the largest solarized campus in the state as nearly 45 percent of the campus is energized with solar power .
in 2007 , youth and mayors in fifty states energized the 110th u.s. congress to pass h.res .
power was provided by overhead catenary energized at 25,000 v ac .
acquired by sun capital partners of boca raton , florida in 2007 , grandy 's has been re - energized and a major remodel / reimaging program was launched in 2008 .
the next morning , veronica awoke to discover a strangely energized brundle performing a series of highly complex gymnastic exercises .
his campaign was ultimately unsuccessful against the powerful faubus , but rockefeller had energized and reformed the tiny republican party and had set the stage for the future .
the merced county arts council 's re - energized programming , launched from their new home , received the league of california cities ' 2001 " helen putnam award for excellence " grand prize for arts and quality of life .
re - energized , he referred to himself as magneto rather than his former alias of erik lehnsherr and magnus .
polyphase systems have three or more energized electrical conductors carrying alternating currents with a definite time offset between the voltage waves in each conductor .
when writing , the coil is energized , a strong magnetic field forms in the gap of the c , and the recording surface adjacent to the gap is magnetized .
the gulf war further energized the party , as it outdid the government in gestures opposing desert storm .
trouser press called the album " another successful exploration of new orleans ' musical heritage ; the re - energized deville holds his own while sharing the stage and the spotlight with an even more impressive array of crescent city luminaries . "
the cooperative was organized in 1937 and the first of power lines were energized in november 1938 to 245 meters .
it probably helped tremendously that the macintosh community was energized with the first introduction of macintosh clones .
if the track circuit or signaling logic was de - energized the armature would move under force of gravity to the red position .
additionally , when lenore uses her powers on another human being , she feels energized to a degree proportional to the amount of energy .
on briggs and stratton engines , this works by applying a spring - energized band brake to the flywheel , with the engine 's default state as braked .
such a system provides the greatest resistance to fading but since all the receive paths must remain energized , it is also consumes the most power .
local support and tangible success was carried through to the 1996 season , where the energized team went on to become runner up in the league 's premiership season .
on december 2 , a crowd energized by speakers from the nonpartisan league again grew angry after tcrt cut off electricity to the streetcars in downtown st. paul , making it impossible for many people to return home .
this line - up of foghat released four albums through 1974 , the most successful of which was " energized " ( released february 1974 ; u.s. billboard # 34 ) .
start capacitors have ratings above 70 microfarads ( µf ) , with three major voltage classifications : 125 v , 250 v , and 330 v. a start capacitor stays energized long enough to rapidly bring the motor to 3/4 of full speed and is then taken out of the circuit , such as by a centrifugal switch that releases when rotating at or around that speed .
in the event that the power being supplied to the motor is interrupted , the motor will stop , and the no - volt coil will become de - energized .
the depression of 1873 energized the democrats .
the junior energized bryant 's opening drive with several dazzling runs to get the ball inside the marist 20 yard line , but once again bryant came up empty as chris bird 's 25 yard field goal attempt sailed wide .
his work was praised for near absence of paper exhibits ; " everything moves , rotates , everything is energized " ( ) .
all contacts associated with a device will change state when the device is energized .
the field produced by a single - phase winding can provide energy to a motor already rotating , but without auxiliary mechanisms the motor will not accelerate from a stop when energized .
when energized , a direct on line ( dol ) starter immediately connects the motor terminals directly to the power supply .
he got his professorship from university of california , berkeley after he invented a solar - energized car in germany .
poon describes his music as " fresh , old - school , " which is only apt as his repertoire is filled with highly - energized , inspiring takes of the standards famously rendered by the likes of frank sinatra , tony bennett and rod stewart among others .
the locomotives always worked on power provided by overhead catenary energized at 25,000 v ac .
hobbs has led his team to an 11 - 4 record to start the season , prompting local media to note that hobbs ' team has re - energized the campus and kick - started its rebuilding process .
deemed the " hawk 's nest " , this section energized fant - ewing and the players .
this high - purity coolant is in turn cooled by a heat exchanger , where the second cooling circuit can use water of ordinary quality because it is not in contact with energized parts .
this refers to the process by which the light is generated ; the excitation of nitrogen molecules due to electron collisions ( the electrons possibly having been energized by the electromagnetic pulse caused by a discharge from an underlying thunderstorm ) .
