in 1917 the third battle squadron was sent to the mediterranean , where they took part in the 1918 naval campaign in the adriatic , including enforcing the otranto barrage .
the knpa and the moj were principally responsible for enforcing antitrafficking laws .
enforcing her will through her black leather - gloved fists , molesting prisoners during unofficial “ body searches ” and taking her cut on all the prison rackets , ferguson was just as corrupt , calculating and sadistic as some of the worst prisoners , but was on the other side of the bars and therefore untouchable .
on may 9 , 2008 , doris l. downs , chief judge of the fulton superior court , ordered that " the city of atlanta is hereby enjoined from enforcing atlanta ordinance ~ 110 - 66 to the extent it prohibits the possession of firearms in city parks " .
this film shows how allende managed to be elected in chile and brings hope to a part of the population by enforcing socialist measures .
with many companies now providing tvs and dvd players in cabins , and enforcing strict smoking policies , it is not surprising that the bar is now a much quieter place on most ships .
governor sterling sent adjutant general william warren sterling and three texas rangers to the new bridge to defend the texas highway commission workers enforcing the injunction and rebuild the barricade that night .
in " e - temen - an - ki " , " the temple of the foundation pegs of heaven and earth " , " temen " has been taken to refer to an axis mundi connecting earth to heaven ( thus re - enforcing the tower of babel connection ) , but the term re - appears in several other temple names , referring to their physical stability rather than , or as well as , to a mythological world axis ; compare the egyptian notion of djed .
to get to the bottom of this corruption , mace and barricade are sent to infiltrate a factory belonging to vetrocon , the company that manufactured the law - enforcing robots .
salw provisions are generally not oriented towards imposing or enforcing domestic national or local legislation of legitimate gun ownership or sale .
the portuguese navy has also actively participated in several international peace - keeping and peace - enforcing efforts in conjunction with other nato , un or eu forces in numerous theatres , distant from portuguese territory .
the " elli " took part in the persian gulf war from 1990 - 91 , enforcing the un resolution on iraq in the neighborhood of the red sea .
a month later she joined other units of the u.s. 2nd fleet in enforcing the cuban quarantine , remaining with that force until it was dissolved on thanksgiving day .
where his father glorified the role of the civil servant , adolf sneered at the thought of a lifetime spent enforcing petty rules .
in 1993 , 100 troops forming a transport company were deployed in somalia , as part of unosom ii peace - enforcing mission .
the president is responsible for executing and enforcing the law , and has the authority of vetoing bills .
in addition to this , reynie was responsible for enforcing the edicts of the governor of paris in those judicial enclaves where the parlement of paris had previously dealt with matters which were elsewhere under the control of the prévôt des marchands and the paris municipality .
very strict in enforcing discipline among the students and in taking appropriate action to check any deviant behavior of the students
the bureau of industry and security ( bis ) is responsible for implementing and enforcing the code of federal regulations title 15 chapter vii , subchapter c , also known as export administration regulations ( ear ) , in the united states .
the is a commission in the japanese government responsible for enforcing antimonopoly law .
however , erling kept enforcing his power on the western coast of norway .
most of the division 's vessels , however , were stationed in tonkin , where they were enforcing the right of free navigation on the red river conceded to france by the vietnamese government in 1874 .
in 1979 , knesset passed the recreational diving law ( heb : חוק הצלילה הספורטיבית ) , which regulates training , certification and practice of diving in israel and the federation was assigned to be its enforcing body until 1997 .
this further compounded vichy 's lack of will ( and authority ) in enforcing thorough economic control over agricultural production .
law 238 created the nicaraguan aids commission ( conisida ) in 2000 , which is charged with enforcing the law and guiding the national response to hiv / aids .
the commander of the brigade , colonel matthew h. russell issued a memorandum to all soldiers that " preventable accidents " were the largest source of personnel and material losses during the deployment , enforcing a new safety policy throughout the brigade intended to prevent these from occurring .
the student sued the school administrators ( the student support specialist , the principal and the superintendent ) in order to have the disciplinary referral expunged from his record , and to enjoin the school from enforcing the dress code policy against him .
enforcing judgments against goods .
his forces were strict in enforcing this , to the extent that some blacks felt as if they were again enslaved .
changes to the rules or the practices of enforcing existing rules in sports , such as those against " head - down tackling " , or " spearing " , which is associated with a high injury rate , may also prevent concussions .
partners did not carry business cards and clients were referred to only in code names , further demonstrating its reputation for enforcing client confidentiality .
forest guardians is working to fundamentally reform livestock grazing on public lands by enforcing federal environmental laws , challenging wasteful and ecologically harmful ranching subsidies , and educating the public about the real ecological costs of livestock production in the arid southwest .
the vandals controlled the country as a warrior - elite , enforcing a policy of strict separation and suppressing the local romano - african population .
in june , on the way to only her second port visit , " theodore roosevelt " was ordered instead to transit the suez canal en - route to the red sea to participate in operation southern watch , enforcing the no - fly zone over iraq .
traffic control is their main function in addition to enforcing regional and local laws regarding commerce , legal residence , pets and other administrative duties .
eidos sent cease and desist letters to the owners of nuderaider.com who were hosting the " nude raider " patch , enforcing their copyright of " tomb raider " .
the implementation of the boycott has varied over time among member states with a number of member states of the arab league no longer enforcing the boycott .
with the association and the sierra legal defence fund she helped make a submission to the united nations environment programme noting canada was not enforcing the legally - binding heavy metals protocol , making specific reference to high levels of mercury being released from coal - fired power plants .
improper foreign key / primary key relationships or not enforcing those relationships are often the source of many database and data modeling problems .
since may 2005 the federal aviation administration ( faa ) has been in charge of enforcing this law .
born in oxford , he first preached in reading , afterwards became pastor of a baptist church in london , and was distinguished as an independent and original preacher , and a zealous advocate for liberty in religion and politics , for example arguing that it was the church 's responsibility to punish " violations of morality " , such as lying , whereas the state should limit itself to enforcing " offences against society " ( which might encompass the former , such as theft ) .
despite inherent difficulties in effectively enforcing a ban on such materials , on august 25 , 2007 the japanese branch of amazon.com removed over 600 junior idol titles on grounds the likelihood these were produced in violation of the japanese anti - child prostitution and pornography law was high .
the cadets marched to groton to assist the sheriff in enforcing state law .
the north carolina highway patrol , which had begun ticketing overlength truckers on us 117 in mid-2007 , stopped enforcing the ban on october 3 , due to the aashto decision .
this means that in the core of the internet , routers can get on with doing the job of routing , and not care about the complexities of collecting payment or enforcing agreements .
the illustration is valuable for the light it throws on the essential unity of diverse intellectual operations as well as for enforcing once more the stoic doctrine that different grades of knowledge are different grades of tension .
the occ claimed that the 1864 national bank act bars states from enforcing their own laws against national banks .
proposed changes to the making and enforcing of byelaws .
assuming that non - members take reasonable precautions and adjusting activities to the association 's prohibition of their enforcing their own rights , the association is required to raise the non - member above his actual position by an amount equal to the difference between his position on an indifference curve he would occupy were it not for the prohibition , and his original position .
in this example , enforcing the candidate keys will not ensure that the dependency rate type → court is respected .
parole officers must be flexible while yet enforcing strict controls such as release conditions .
leas which operate across a collection of countries tend to assist in law enforcement activities , rather than directly enforcing laws , by facilitating the sharing of information necessary for law enforcement between leas within those countries , for example europol has no executive powers .
some city sheriffs ( such as portsmouth ) also work alongside the city police in responding to calls and enforcing traffic violations .
the school administration was initially insistent on enforcing its apparently discriminatory dress code .
coupled with all this , materials such as celluloid have been recognised as highly flammable since early days of its usage and acts such as the celluloid and cinematograph films act 1922 and the cinematograph act 1952 gave the fire brigade powers to take samples of film and test them for flammability even though they were not the enforcing authority .
the constraint enforcing a number of variables to be different is usually written formula_48 or codice_1 .
irc operators are charged with the task of enforcing the network 's rules , and in many cases , improving the network in various areas .
apart from enforcing minimum hardware requirements and attempting to optimizing the game for better performance , there are no feasible ways to deal with it .
proceeding directly to the northern persian gulf , " curtis wilbur " commenced operations in support of operation southern watch ; enforcing the southern no - fly zone over iraq and supporting united nations sanctions against iraq by conducting maritime interception operations ( mio ) as a member of fifth fleet . "
housemates are at all times under the control of big brother , a rule enforcing authority figure who monitors behaviour of the housemates , set tasks and punishments and provides the mechanism for contestants to make external requests .
often the most senior and responsible patrol leader is appointed as troop leader ( tl ) , who no longer runs a patrol but instead has other responsibilities such as enforcing discipline and running the weekly programme .
sudbury model democratic schools ' experience shows that a school that has good , clear laws , fairly and democratically passed by the entire school community , and a good judicial system for enforcing these laws , is a school in which community discipline prevails , and in which an increasingly sophisticated concept of law and order develops , against other schools today , where rules are arbitrary , authority is absolute , punishment is capricious , and due process of law is unknown .
a similar agency , the florida department of environmental protection ( dep ) serves as the environmental regulatory agency for the state of florida , enforcing environmental legislation ( air and water quality for example ) .
although most of the company 's work relies heavily on the entertainment industry with enforcing copyright and new release protection , it handles all forms of illegal activity on the internet .
the code is not a mechanism for enforcing other codes of law , for example , criminal law .
the task of enforcing this goal by controlling financial assets fell to the us treasury department , and president roosevelt enabled its actions by issuing executive order 8389 on april 10 , 1940 , which froze norwegian and danish assets in the united states .
the oklahoma department of veteran affairs ( odva ) is a department of the state of oklahoma under the supervision of the governor of oklahoma charged with enforcing and administering laws related to veterans and veterans affairs .
first , the officer no longer primarily acted as a community supervisor charged with enforcing a particular morality .
the national park police force was born , enforcing the new laws preventing tree - felling and hunting .
his plan was that post - war the ' irish brigade ' and national volunteers would provide the basis for an irish army , capable of enforcing home rule on reluctant ulster unionists .
mario ' is one surfer that is very keen on party waves and can be seen during the early hours of the morning enforcing the rule . '
the governor is responsible for enforcing laws passed by the hawaii state legislature and upholding rulings of the hawaii state judiciary .
kwaltz is one of the vogons on vogsphere , directing jeltz 's vogon constructor fleet during the demolition of earth and enforcing the galaxy 's bureaucracy .
in 2008 , as a part of the renovation , city officials began enforcing a leash ordinance , prompting complaints from dog owners that resulted in a year - long political battle .
the directorate general of economic enforcement is a law enforcement agency and economic intelligence agency responsible for enforcing economic laws and fighting economic crime in india .
the force was successful in stabilising the situation in bunia and enforcing the un presence in the drc .
alonso de mendoza was the captain who had been appointed by the " peacemaker " to found the city commemorated its action , enforcing peace in the colonies .
constables are responsible for enforcing town ordinances and assisting with animal control .
their function can also include defusing community tensions , re - enforcing taboo and communicating tradition .
one of the ( still ) untold stories , however , is the cooperation of u.s. and other western companies in enforcing sexual apartheid in saudi arabia .
she stood out of san francisco on 12 april 1892 and , after stops in washington state , arrived at sitka , alaska , on 17 may. for more than six months , " adams " patrolled the sealing grounds of the northeastern pacific enforcing regulations on the seal fur industry .
on 31 january 1901 the commissariat of emigration was created , granting licenses to carriers , enforcing fixed ticket costs , keeping order at ports of embarkation , providing health inspection for those leaving , setting up hostels and care facilities and arranging agreements with receiving countries to help care for those arriving .
zarei was himself in charge of the so called " public security plan " which was aimed at enforcing islamic dress code and fight indecent behavior of youth in the iranian capital .
as a consequence when the plans are regularly reviewed for the airport land , the unique status has been viewed with interest for the potential for enforcing rigorous environmental standards due to the remnant bushland within the boundaries – and also for potential developments that are not constrained by pressures on adjacent state jurisdiction lands .
three arguments are central : ( 1 ) earthly judges , the state in particular , and human beings generally , can not dependably evaluate the truth - claims of competing religious standpoints ; ( 2 ) even if they could , enforcing a single " true religion " would not have the desired effect , because belief can not be compelled by violence ; ( 3 ) coercing religious uniformity would lead to more social disorder than allowing diversity .
" iroquois " serves on marlant missions protecting canada 's sovereignty in the atlantic ocean and enforcing canadian laws in its territorial sea and exclusive economic zone .
moreover , some article transports may , on the grounds of enforcing compliance with the internet message format standard , automatically convert any message using 8-bit characters to either base64 or quoted - printable , entirely nullifying the overhead advantage .
the army and national police went about enforcing the ban on pro - bao dai and anti - diem activities .
he distinguished himself in 1808 - 1809 with the defense of the spanish colony of santo domingo against an invasion from french forces by enforcing a blockade .
but the tendency of the war college in the 1920s was to look at civil affairs and military government entirely as they related to military law , the assumption being that they were not much more than the functions of observing and enforcing law .
enforcing the follow - on , somerset took eighty - three overs to bowl leicestershire out for a second time , nichols claiming a solitary wicket .
the force is responsible for enforcing laws and order within china ’s territorial waters , exclusive economic zones ( eez ) , and shores , protect maritime environment , natural resources , navigation aids and other facilities , and carry out maritime surveys .
these " subordinate " wolves play a number of important roles in the pack , including participating in hunts , enforcing discipline and raising pups .
the majority of the grand council ultimately voted on 25 july 1943 , dino grandi 's order of the day that , enforcing its formal powers , deposed mussolini , bloodlessly , following the allied invasion of sicily .
the term , first used in " a thousand plateaus " ( 1980 ) where it was opposed to the rhizome , comes from the way genealogy trees are drawn : unidirectional progress , with no possible retroactivity and continuous binary cuts ( thus enforcing a dualist metaphysical conception , criticized by deleuze ) .
in april 2001 , vfa-87 deployed on a persian gulf cruise enforcing the no fly zone over southern iraq aboard the uss " enterprise " when the september 11 , 2001 attacks occurred .
most states let the federals do the enforcing .
the position was once a powerful position responsible for collecting taxes and enforcing law and order in dorset .
the port is located up - harbour from the harbour bridge , thus enforcing a large central span ( 243.8 m ) and height ( 43.27 metres at high tide ) .
the city began closing off 17th avenue s.w. to all vehicle traffic and enforcing strict parking laws from 15:30 to 00:00 every game day .
they were responsible for enforcing traffic rules and regulations .
as a result , the court reversed and remanded directing the fifth circuit to enter a judgment enforcing the nlrb order .
while æbbe , herself was noted for her own piety , she had trouble enforcing discipline at the monastery .
since 2003 , the european union has actively sought to restrict the use of geographical indications by third parties outside the eu by enforcing laws regarding what is known as " protected designation of origin " .
reginald de grey was responsible for issuing and enforcing royal demands in the northern march , such as calling the local nobility and gentry and their men to royal and military service , for example against the scots as at this time .
astm international has no role in requiring or enforcing compliance with its standards .
wylie school district is enforcing a standardized dress policy for students 5th through 12th grade since the 2006 - 2007 school year .
millbrook introduces compulsory adherence to the harare principles , and , in enforcing them , includes aspects of both carrot and stick approaches .
after post - race comments made by hamilton which suggested he had been forced into a supporting role , the fia initiated an inquiry to determine whether mclaren had broken rules by enforcing team orders .
his legions march the lands to enforce his will , taxing the citizens beyond their ability to yield and enforcing his glory and the glory of his great capital city .
under the federal aid highway act , a state not enforcing the minimum age would be subjected to a ten percent decrease in its annual federal highway apportionment .
it held a monopoly over the publishing industry and was officially responsible for setting and enforcing copyright regulations until the passage of the statute of anne in 1709 .
while welcomed at first as liberators , the austrians quickly disenchanted the inhabitants by imposing rigid administrative , fiscal , judicial and political reforms which were meant to centralize and integrate the territory ( antagonizing both ends of the social spectrum : withdrawing privileges from the nobility and enforcing taxes for peasants ) .
this is different than enforcing global arc consistency , which may possibly require a pair of variables to be reconsidered more than once .
financially committed to fiddler 's grove , harper van hoy felt it was important to focus on the music and the community by creating a family atmosphere and enforcing a ban on alcohol and illegal drugs .
the board 's responsibilities included enforcing rules violations and appointing the fire chief and all subordinate officers .
housemates are at all times under the control of big brother , a rule enforcing authority figure who monitors behaviour of the housemates , set tasks and punishments and provides the only link to the outside world for the contestants .
every location in the united kingdom has a designated territorial police force with statutory responsibility for providing policing services and enforcing criminal law , which is set out in the various police areas below .
furthermore , on the morning of friday , july 14 , 2006 , one of the branch heads of naval intelligence , lieutenant - colonel y. briefed the head of naval intelligence , colonel ram rothberg , telling him that " ships enforcing israel 's naval blockade on hezbollah should take into account the possibility of a c-802 missile being fired on them . "
the company owns the copyright to all the writings of the pope , but did not start enforcing the copyright until the accession of pope benedict xvi .
a programmer could allow processes to halt after trying to read from an empty location or write to a full location , enforcing critical sections .
the umpire is the person charged with officiating the game , including beginning and ending the game , enforcing the rules of the game and the grounds , making judgment calls on plays , and handling the disciplinary actions .
while some bemoan its lack of " standards , " others recognize that it has failed to live up to the moral necessity of policing itself , enforcing biblical rules of demanding purity in pulpits , and it has allowed scandals to occur without investigation or rebuke .
the dm serves as the arbiter of the rules , both in teaching the rules to the players and in enforcing them .
when one meridian plaza was built philadelphia was enforcing a building code from 1949 that made no distinction between high - rises and other buildings .
california attorney general ulysses s. webb ( 1902 - 1939 ) put great effort into enforcing the alien land law of 1913 , which he had co - written , and prohibited " aliens ineligible for citizenship " ( i.e. all asian immigrants ) from owning land or property .
the president of the senate presides over the plenary assembly of the senate , guides and controls debates in the assembly , and is responsible for ensuring the democratic functioning of the senate , for the maintenance of order and security in the assembly and for enforcing the rules of the senate .
although the bulk of the constituency survived , bodmin itself had been moved , enforcing a change of name : bodmin joined cornwall north , while the rest of the constituency was reunited with fowey to become cornwall south east .
enforcing a language was an unfair move .
the state also took the sami area in tighter control with specific lappmark regulations , enforcing non - sami settlements on the area .
it is not to be confused with yet another cpsu control organ : the party control committee of the cpsu central committee , which was responsible for enforcing party discipline .
enoch crowder was appointed provost marshal general july 1917 with focus on enforcing the selective service system .
the version of the constitution at the time this measure was put forward denied victims effective processes for enforcing these rights in court .
section 15(2 ) of ontario 's police services act r.s.o. 1990 , states " municipal law enforcement officers are peace officers for the purpose of enforcing municipal by - laws . "
the court of appeal held that the powers exercised by the panel ( regulating take - overs and enforcing a code of conduct on them ) were essentially in the domain of public law and formed part of the government 's scheme to regulate the city .
with the introduction of regulations enforcing all - seater stadiums , it is unlikely that this record will be beaten in the foreseeable future .
they work together in leading the school and enforcing rules .
under section 92(15 ) the provinces are able to impose " punishment by fine , penalty , or imprisonment for enforcing any law of the province made in relation to any matter coming within any of the classes of subjects enumerated " within section 92 .
he found the college deficient in discipline and deeply in debt , and remedied both , enforcing strict observance of the college statutes .
the team implement a series of sweeping changes , including revealing their secret identities ; instituting a program of behavior modification in prisons ; enforcing a strict gun control policy , and developing medical technology to resurrect the dead .
because there is no formal criminal justice system or police force in the scrapyard , hunter - warriors function as the primary means of enforcing factory law .
within that the pobp are responsible for the prevention and detection of offences including those involving assaults , property , road traffic , maritime matters ( including the railways and transport safety act 2003 and international ship and port facility security code ( isps ) ) and enforcing and prosecuting the local byelaws vested within the port .
the fallen samurai manji served the hatamoto horii shigenobu , a local daimyo , unknowingly enforcing his brutal rule on the local populace until he found out his lord was corrupt and killed him .
her primary duties in the revenue cutter service and coast guard were assisting vessels in distress and enforcing navigational laws .
the new zealand police are responsible for enforcing the arms act and various unofficial government policies ( such as not increasing the number of e - category registered mssas beyond about 8,500 ) .
the cost of enforcing prohibition was high , and the lack of tax revenues on alcohol ( some $ 500 million annually nationwide ) affected government coffers .
although in theory , u - boats could have been useful fleet weapons against enemy naval warships , in practice they were most effectively used in an economic - warfare role ( commerce raiding ) , enforcing a naval blockade against enemy shipping .
according to that proposal , the powers of the commission were to make policy recommendations to the us government in enforcing the provisions of the instrument of surrender .
from august to december 1990 , " adelaide " and sister ship were deployed to the middle east as part of operation damask , australia 's participation in the international coalition enforcing sanctions against iraq following that nation 's invasion of kuwait .
costly and lengthy court battles were waged between various government entities to determine who was responsible for monitoring and enforcing water quality standards .
normal battles are the only battles where the host has complete control of the room , capable of enforcing extra rules ( such as no torpedoes ) and setting a room title and level requirement .
however , there is a national police force known as the rcmp ( royal canadian mounted police ) , which is tasked with enforcing certain federal laws throughout the country .
police functions include protecting life and property , enforcing criminal law , criminal investigations , regulating traffic , crowd control , and other public safety duties .
the measure amended the oregon constitution providing crime victims an effective processes for enforcing remedy by due course of law for violations of the constitutional rights in criminal prosecutions and juvenile delinquency proceedings .
•participated in the world bank conference on legal and judicial reforms at washington d.c ; u.s.a and read paper on the judicial system of pakistan : measures for , maintaining independence and enforcing accountability ;
after embarrassing the provincial government by revealing its inaction in enforcing the fire code in a recently built hospital , he was fired , in 1967 , as ontario 's chief coroner and decided to avenge himself by running for the legislative assembly of ontario .
its mission is to prevent work - related injuries , illnesses , and occupational fatality by issuing and enforcing rules called standards for workplace safety and health .
soa and msa took emergency actions immediately to investigate and assess the accident and damages caused which were actions enforcing marpol 73/78 ’s requirements .
the government set health and safety standards , and the ministry of labor was responsible for enforcing these standards , but did so inconsistently .
the earlier fugitive slave act of 1793 was a federal law which was written with the intention of enforcing article 4 , section 2 of the united states constitution , which required the return of runaway slaves .
under the agreement , parties are instructed to use their best efforts to ensure appropriate processes are in place for permitting the use of traps and for enforcing trap legislation within their jurisdiction .
this problem mainly stemmed from the fact that the main members of the league of nations were not willing to accept the possibility that their fate would be decided by other countries and had therefore , in effect , by enforcing unanimous voting given themselves the power of veto .
by contrast , us firms have reported receiving 120 boycott - related requests in just the first six months of this year , for an average of 20 per month , marking an increase of nearly 20 percent over the rate recorded last year . " and " it appears that at least seven arab countries , including ostensible us allies such as bahrain , the united arab emirates ( uae ) , kuwait and iraq , are enforcing the terms of the arab boycott more energetically this year than in 2005 .
it is responsible for various law enforcement duties , including aiding idf commanders in enforcing discipline , guarding the military prisons , locating deserters , investigating crimes committed by soldiers , and helping man the israeli checkpoints in the palestinian territories .
its duties include arresting poachers , investigating environmental violations , safeguarding protected animal species , enforcing endangered species laws , and preventing and fighting wildfires through 15 regional commands and its fleet of 22 fire - fighting aircraft .
this was done through provisions such as forbidding the use of state jails to imprison alleged fugitives , to prevent state officials from enforcing the strict law , and compelling slave bounty hunters to furnish corroborative proof that his captive was a fugitive , as well as according the accused the rights to trial by jury and appeal .
in states enforcing the icc international property maintenance code , that right is explicitly stated in section 606.1 .
many journals have adopted the " jcbs guidelines on image manipulation in their instructions to authors , but only a few are enforcing them with full screening of all images for evidence of manipulation .
the force was successful in stabilising the situation in bunia and enforcing the un presence in the drc .
california attorney general ulysses s. webb put great effort into enforcing laws against asian ownership of property .
however , the marines at the checkpoints are not arresting individuals or enforcing any laws , which would be a violation of the posse comitatus act .
they participated in exercises in the mediterranean sea and north sea and took part in enforcing the iraqi no - fly zones as part of operation southern watch .
soon after the outbreak of war in september , began enforcing the provisions of president franklin d. roosevelt 's proclamation of american neutrality by neutrality patrols and escort duty off the atlantic coast , in the gulf of mexico , and in the caribbean .
in actuality , the various state police forces are responsible for enforcing state law within their own states while the afp are responsible for the enforcement of and investigation of crimes against commonwealth law which applies across the whole country .
he was dedicated to enforcing and implementing the provisions of the zamindari abolition and land reform act of which he was the major architect .
it is therefore fully foreseeable that in enforcing the death penalty a meaningful number of innocent people will be executed who otherwise would eventually be able to prove their innocence .
in 1875 , barnum was mayor of bridgeport , connecticut for a year and worked to improve the water supply , bring gaslighting to streets , and enforcing liquor and prostitution laws .
a particular worry are the reports that children , armed with ak-47 's and whips , are being used by the militant group al - shabab as a method of enforcing their interpretation of sharia law on the populace .
prior to assuming her current duties , clark was the deputy chief information officer ( cio ) , headquarters u.s. air force , washington , d.c. there , she assisted the cio in leading the air force in creating and enforcing information technology standards , in promoting and shaping effective strategic and operational information technology ( it ) planning processes , and in acquiring it systems .
according to janes , mutz is a doggie superhero who promotes the prevention of cruelty towards animals while enforcing the rights of companion animals .
hotmetal was excellent at visualizing the structure of the content , and of enforcing the standards .
prónay also sought to “ restore the traditional good relations between the landlords and estate servants , ” which in essence meant enforcing obedience by the hungarian servant class .
only several hundred years later , under the direct capetian kings of france and their english contemporaries who held lands in france , did salic law become a rationale for enforcing or debating succession .
brct considers a person as torture survivors when victimized only perpetrated by the members of the law enforcing agencies and security forces of bangladesh .
as a way of enforcing the edict , investigation methods such as the anti - christian inquisition were established to expose those still practicing catholicism .
on december 11 , u.s. district judge nina gershon issued a preliminary injunction blocking the government from enforcing its temporary spending ban , a week before it was set to expire .
israel also criticized the lebanese army , which is responsible for enforcing the resolution , for cooperating with hezbollah in making sure that the evidence of the violation of the resolution had been cleared up before allowing u.n. peace keepers to do their job .
ocean boarding vessels ( obvs ) were merchant ships taken over by the royal navy for the purpose of enforcing wartime blockades by intercepting and boarding foreign vessels .
the rocmp are responsible for enforcing military law , maintaining military discipline , providing backup for the civilian police force or serving as combat troops during times of emergency , providing security for certain government buildings , including the presidential building in taipei city , as well as performing counter - terrorism and vip protection operations .
by the end of 1960s , the us government made new laws enforcing strict emission standards .
the study estimated the alaskan government was spending $ 25–30 million per year enforcing cannabis prohibition laws .
virginia abc special agents have full police powers with a diverse range of duties – from investigating license applicants and conducting underage sale compliance checks , to enforcing criminal and abc laws in more than 14,000 licensed establishments .
the purpose of the townshend program was to make colonial governors and judges independent of colonial control , to create a more effective means of enforcing compliance with trade regulations , and to establish the controversial precedent that parliament had the right to tax the colonies .
" the awards committee honored both welte 's technical contributions to projects like the linux kernel and the openmoko mobile platform project , and his community leadership in safeguarding the freedom of free software users by successfully enforcing the gnu general public license in over one hundred cases since the gpl-violations.org project began in 2004 . "
the court also found that the requirement of record keeping was entirely appropriate as a matter of enforcing the act .
the benefits of exploitation accrue to individuals immediately , while the costs of policing or enforcing appropriate use , and the losses dues to overexploitation , are distributed among many , and are only visible to these gradually .
when the rule - enforcing camp director at camp bleeding dove gets struck by lightning , the counselors find themselves in sole charge of their campers , and themselves .
it supports the executive ( gpex ) and is responsible for interim policy statements between conferences and enforcing constitutional procedures .
a dedicated virtual organisation framework facilitates for distributed and across - organisational contract negotiation , while enforcing contract - based security attributes to support massive , distributed and scalable processing of rich media content .
in 1982 , he argued against the restoration of the death penalty and in favor of using the resources that would go into enforcing the death penalty for law - enforcement measures .
in the early years , the force 's dedication to enforcing the law on behalf of the first nations peoples impressed the latter enough to encourage good relations between them and the crown .
he also ordered the louisville police department to assist federal agents in enforcing prohibition .
title iii outlines procedures for co - ordination between the labor and treasury departments in enforcing erisa .
the office of special counsel for immigration - related unfair employment practices ( osc ) , in the civil rights division of the united states department of justice , is responsible for enforcing the immigration reform and control act of 1986 ( irca ) , which protects us citizens and certain other individual from discriminations based on their citizenship or immigration status .
the issue is compounded by widespread indifference to enforcing copyright law , both with governments and the public at large .
also in china , under the one - child policy ( instituted in 1979 to limit the number of children born to urban dwellers to one child ) there were also overzealous officials who were jailed for enforcing sterilization or using forced abortions in order to meet population quotas .
without other nations enforcing similar legislation to rico many cross border rico cases would not be possible .
almost immediately after departing , " sydney " was instructed to join the rn 's mediterranean fleet at gibraltar and assist the 2nd cruiser squadron in enforcing economic sanctions against italy in response to the abyssinian crisis .
its powers and responsibilities vary greatly from country to country , but generally cover the setting of rules as well as enforcing them for financial intermediaries .
umpire jim phillips was given the job of enforcing the laws against illegal actions which had once more crept into the game in the late 1890s .
the fact that the " bakufu " was powerless against the foreigners despite the will expressed by the imperial court was taken as evidence by yoshida shōin and other anti - tokugawa leaders that the " sonnō " ( revere the emperor ) portion of the philosophy was not working , and that the bakufu must be replaced by a government more able to show its loyalty to the emperor by enforcing the emperor ’s will .
dog control officers of the town of brookhaven , who at the discretion of the town board may be designated as constables for the purpose of enforcing article twenty - six of the agriculture and markets law and for the purpose of issuing appearance tickets permitted under article seven of such law .
a constable is also an officer empowered to carry out the business of the statewide district court system , by serving warrants of arrest , mental health warrants , transporting prisoners , service of summons , complaints and subpoenas , and enforcing protection from abuse orders as well as orders of eviction and judgement levies .
federal operations include ; enforcing federal laws , including commercial crime , counterfeiting , drug trafficking , border integrity , organized crime and other related matters ; providing counterterrorism and domestic security ; providing protection services for the monarch , governor general , prime minister , their families and their residences , and other ministers of the crown , visiting dignitaries , and diplomatic missions ; and participating in various international policing efforts .
delay in enforcing a claim arising out of an illegal sale of property of the united states at a value far below its real worth can not be set up as a bar to the recovery of its value .
the school also employs the national and compulsory law of enforcing school uniforms .
then , in october , she participated in operations enforcing the quarantine of cuba established by president john f. kennedy after he learned that soviet offensive missiles had been based on that island .
one distinction between the iconoclastic emperors and constantine i is that the latter did not dictate the conclusion of the first council of nicaea before summoning it , whereas leo iii began enforcing a policy of iconoclasm more than twenty years before the council of hieria would endorse it .
while the enforcing powers had cited united nations security council resolution 688 as authorizing the operations , the resolution contains no explicit authorization .
for enforcing the provisions of various sections of fema , 1999 , the officers of enforcement directorate of the level of assistant director and above will have to undertake the following functions
the united nations security council passed resolution 1572 ( 2004 ) on november 15 , enforcing an arms embargo on the parties .
nowadays the army concentrates on peace - keeping and peace - enforcing operations and has been involved in several operations ( in lebanon between 1979 - 1985 , and the former yougoslavia ( bosnia - herzegovina , croatia , macedonia , and kosovo ) 1991-present , but also in cambodja 1992 - 1994 , haiti 1995 - 1996 , cyprus 1998 - 1999 , eritrea and ethiopia 2001 , and most recent in iraq 2003 - 2005 , afghanistan 2002-present , and chad 2008 - 2009 ) .
other leas have a jurisdiction defined by the type of laws they enforce or assist in enforcing .
rugby league match officials are responsible for fairly enforcing the " laws of the game " during a match of rugby league football and imposing penalties for deliberate breaches of these laws .
the child exploitation and obscenity section ( ceos ) is a section of the criminal division of the united states department of justice in charge of protecting the welfare of america 's children and communities by enforcing federal criminal statutes relating to the exploitation of children and obscenity .
chihuri stressed that the police would not tolerate any violence and said that they were enforcing the law fairly and without regard for political affiliation , despite the mdc 's claims to the contrary .
in particular , reputation is used in electronic markets as a trust - enforcing mechanism or as a method to avoid cheaters and frauds .
he now proposes that each mp should be obligated to only 500 constituents , thus allowing them true independence from the party machine and enforcing proper accountability .
the laudians insisted on enforcing kneeling at communion and receiving at the rail , though they denied that this involved accepting the catholic position on these points .
parking meters can be used by municipalities as a tool for enforcing their integrated on - street parking policy , usually related to their traffic and mobility management policies .
by enforcing a gold standard , the federal government favored lenders .
as a result of his famous debate with lord patrick devlin on the role of the criminal law in enforcing moral norms , hart wrote " law , liberty and morality " ( 1963 ) and " the morality of the criminal law " ( 1965 ) .
passage from chastity also points to issues which are central to a serious consideration or prostitution in postwar japan : for example , the collaboration between police and medical authorities in enforcing a regime or discipline against women working outside the domestic sphere , the economic exploitation of female labor through regulated prostitution , and the patriarchal valorization or chastity to an extent that rape victims are left few alternatives but prostitution or suicide .
enforcing rulings can prove particularly difficult .
four months after the video was originally uploaded , universal music group , which owned the copyrights to the song , ordered youtube to remove the video enforcing the digital millennium copyright act .
common duties of a general manager include hiring and management of a management team , overall management of hotel staff , budgeting and financial management , creating and enforcing business objectives and goals , managing projects and renovations , management of emergencies and other major issues involving guests , employees , or the facility , public relations with the media , local governments , and other businesses , and many additional duties .
economic libertarians and minarchists favor a small public sector with the state being relegated to protecting property rights , creating and enforcing laws and settling disputes , a " night watchman state " .
three task - force - grouped swat units ( referred to as peace enforcing special service forces or " wei - an " forces ( ) comprise the 1st , 4th and 5th special police corps .
under the canadian constitution 's federal - provincial division of powers , the responsibility for enacting and enforcing labour laws rests with the ten provinces ; the three territories also were granted this power by virtue of federal legislation .
the office of state security is organized in a number of mutually - supporting branches aimed at enforcing the committee 's will throughout every aspect of havenite society and institutions .
he also makes fun of himself for being a jewish - american and sarcastically enforcing the jewish stereotypes .
in november 1972 , a philadelphia district court placed an injunction against the nhl , preventing it from enforcing the reserve clause and freeing all players who had restraining orders against them , including hull , to play with their wha clubs .
towards the end of 1918 , as a consequence that both the irish party and britain failed to introduce home rule and maintain an undivided ireland , and as it became evident that constitutional political concepts for attaining independent all - ireland self - government were being displaced by a path of militant physical - force , the afil mps recognised the futility of contesting the december general election -- o'brien in an address to the election : " we can not subscribe to a programme of armed resistance in the field , or even of permanent withdrawal from westminster ; but to the spirit of sinn féin , as distinct from its abstract programme , the great mass of independent single - minded irishmen have been won over , and accordingly they ought now to have a full and sympathetic trial for enforcing the irish nation 's right of self - determination . "
eventually , sharky and haffner became adept at getting cablevision to back away from their new regulations , or finding a way to skirt around the regulations that cablevision would insist on enforcing .
as part of its activities , nhtsa is charged with writing and enforcing safety , theft - resistance , and fuel economy standards for motor vehicles , the latter under the rubric of the corporate average fuel economy ( cafe ) system .
with the team enforcing a strict zero - tolerance policy on doping positives , zirbel was dismissed .
cehr has a duty to challenge prejudice and disadvantage and promote the importance of human rights , enforcing equality laws on age , disability , gender , gender reassignment , race , religion or belief , and sexual orientation and encourage compliance with the human rights act .
the ccso is responsible for the protection of life and property , enforcing orders of the court , and maintaining the detention facility for cecil county , maryland .
he first won it in 2003 , but was stripped of the belt in may 2005 because he filed a lawsuit against the wba organization ( in november 2004 ) for not enforcing his mandatory contract that he received from the organization when he won the regular world title from alejandro garcia dec. 2 , 2003 .
danby favored strict interpretation of the penal laws , enforcing mandatory membership in the church of england .
the majority of the supreme court approved the creative method for enforcing section 23 partly by emphasizing the importance of section 23 and how it was always meant to be an enforceable right .
the rc / ngo code is self - enforcing .
but the germans had reckoned without the european powers , which were united in opposing any dismemberment of denmark , even austria refusing to assist in enforcing the german view .
in the autumn of the following year she was again laid up in washington and - but for service enforcing the embargo act in 1809 - remained inactive at the nation 's capital until the outbreak of the war of 1812 .
the administrator of the environmental protection agency is the head of the united states federal government 's environmental protection agency , and is thus responsible for enforcing the nation 's clean air and clean water acts , as well as numerous other environmental statutes .
