a great deal of research has taken place on input enhancement , the ways in which input may be altered so as to direct learners ' attention to linguistically important areas .
the work of koch , muller , rafelski predicts that in a quark - gluon plasma hadronization process the enhancement for each particle species increases with the strangeness content of the particle .
potentiators are used in the clinical laboratory for performing blood banking procedures that require enhancement of agglutination in order to detect the presence of antibodies or antigens in a patient 's blood sample .
some critics of transhumanism allege an ableist bias in the use of such concepts as " limitations " , " enhancement " and " improvement " .
so , to prevent permanent enhancement of the mr signal , cells must either have a way to export the gadolinium group to the bloodstream , or they must be able to replace the cleaved sugar group .
the most general benefit of placentophagy , according to recent research , is that placenta and amniotic fluid contain a molecule ( poef , placental opioid - enhancing factor ) that modifies the activity of endogenous opioids in such a way that produces an enhancement of the natural reduction in pain that occurs shortly after and during delivery .
maelstrom can manipulate kinetic energy , and can absorb literally any attack and use the energy for his own purposes , such as strength enhancement , energy projection , force field creation . and size shifting .
the mig-35/mig-35d exhibits the latest advancements on mig-29k / kub and mig-29m / m2 fighters in combat efficiency enhancement , universality and operational characteristics improvement .
soon , norton began playing a smaller role in wcw , becoming part of the nwo " b - team " , which often placed him in mid - lower card matches ; although , he would easily defeat enhancement talents frequently in singles competition .
masked wrestlers in the world wrestling federation ( wwf ) and world championship wrestling ( wcw ) with very few exceptions were enhancement talent that rarely won matches .
it is a junior college set up to answer the voice in the region where further enhancement on the education side is hoped to the development of the industrial economy according to the kashima development .
according to the directives of the naac , the college has established an internal quality assurance cell ( iqac ) for the sustenance and enhancement of quality in all accredited higher education institutions in india .
a subtle type of sound reinforcement called acoustic enhancement is used in some concert halls where classical music such as symphonies and opera is performed .
the end of the cold war led to a significant enhancement in the substance and pace of bilateral interactions .
while this enhancement greatly increased the usefulness of documents , it added an entirely new layer of risk to organizations that needed to fully understand changes made to document versions .
•to contribute to the enhancement of society .
previous data mining to stop terrorist programs under the u.s. government include the total information awareness ( tia ) program , secure flight ( formerly known as computer - assisted passenger prescreening system ( capps ii ) ) , analysis , dissemination , visualization , insight , semantic enhancement ( advise ) , and the multistate anti - terrorism information exchange ( matrix ) .
the goal is to slow antarctic ice from melting and raising sea level such techniques also tend to sequester carbon , but in this specific project the enhancement of cloud albedo was both the desired outcome and measured result .
the network rail 2008 strategic business plan recommended that an enhancement project for the line should be pursued to enable freight traffic from the channel tunnel to use the line .
he also worked on a swiss enhancement of the enigma cipher machine , known as nema .
eric alva and a bipartisan group of representatives to capitol hill to reintroduce the military readiness enhancement act , legislation that would repeal the pentagon 's " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy regarding gay service members .
subsequently , films by ernie gehr , ken jacobs , and bill morrison have focused on minor manipulations like image enhancement or reductions in speed ( or famously no manipulations ) in film footage .
this project is not a readiness enhancement , rather it offers a major performance improvement to the mission .
conservation reserve enhancement program .
on 11 february 2002 the central plains water enhancement steering committee presented the urs feasibility report and their own report to a joint meeting of the two ' parent ' councils .
network rail completed the gauge enhancement from ipswich to peterborougn in 2008 .
faced with increasing congestion , the land - locked city is pursuing transportation alternatives including enhancement of the local bus system .
from 1996 to 1999 , knowles wrestled on the independent circuit in the northeast , appearing on occasion as an enhancement talent with world championship wrestling and the world wrestling federation .
although the interleaf corporation did not pursue those ideas , tagwrite for interleaf conversion was created and has been under continual use , maintenance and enhancement up to and including 2010 .
the high - potency marijuana sentencing enhancement act of 2009 ( h.r. 2848 ) increases the penalties for the possession with intent to distribute , manufacture , importation and exportation to maximum fines of $ 1 million for an individual and $ 5 million for a group , with a maximum sentence of 25 years from the standard sentencing for marijuana which calls for a maximum fine of $ 250,000 for an individual , $ 1 million for a group and up to five years in prison .
interval 's lectures and classes covered the mechanics and aesthetics of portraiture , indoor and outdoor lighting , high - key lighting , posing , facial analysis , candid photography , oil and pastel print enhancement , evaluation of competition prints , principles of studio management , marketing , and sales .
even in this configuration , noscript keeps providing a significant security enhancement because anti - xss , anti - csrf and anti - clickjacking features remain active .
“ the learning of lifestyle enhancement ” " ; inner london education authority , 1984
through the formal and informal exchange of datasets and information , the goal of the data exchange is to support the executive heads in the development and enhancement of the distinctive mission of the institutions .
he appealed , contending that the discharge was accidental , and that the sentencing enhancement in §
in an interview at e3 in may 2006 , levine announced that unreal engine 3.0 features would also be integrated , and he emphasized the enhanced water effects : " we 've hired a water programmer and water artist , just for this game , and they 're kicking ass and you 've never seen water like this . " this graphical enhancement has been lauded by critics , with gamespot saying , " whether it 's standing water on the floor or sea water rushing in after an explosion , it will blow you away every time you see it . " the windows version of " bioshock " can utilize direct3d 10 ( directx 10 ) features and content , if the system meets the hardware and software requirements , but it will also run on directx 9 , if these requirements are not met , or if the video options are changed .
thus , enhancement of the municipal transport system would play crucial role in the attainment of the desired development .
however , no studies have been conducted on the effectiveness of vinpocetine on performance enhancement during exercise .
to counter the threat of possible north korean aggression , the rokaf underwent a substantial capability enhancement .
these are known as " bittorrent enhancement proposals " .
enhancement structure .
eddie responds that richie was going to the rental shop every month but instead going five doors down to dr. o'grady 's personal organ enhancement clinic .
domestic security enhancement act of 2003 .
each member was also given an armor enhancement to give them more advantages in the field .
icharts develops online software for data visualization , focusing on integration into existing environments and usability enhancement , especially by reducing complex chart creation to a few intuitive drag'n'drop actions .
despite his role as an enhancement talent , boone won a few times at house shows and even wrestled against the honky tonk man for the intercontinental championship on the december 8 , 1987 and the may 10 , 1988 episodes of " superstars " .
community media in all its various forms is inseparably linked to the enhancement of a civil society and civic participation .
military readiness enhancement act .
the fpd - link ii enhancement embeds the clock signal in the data signal and therefore uses only one differential pair to transmit both the clock and data .
in the enhancement system , a player uses a ruby to upgrade the item .
but as she grew stronger as a ranger , her abilities with that enhancement increased as the limitations decreased .
he has gained funding for five new residence halls , a student union , and new academic center , as well as technology enhancement for the classrooms and dorms .
he had not been racing since january due to a knee injury , and the german cycling federation 's disciplinary committee agreed that he was not attempting to use the drug for performance enhancement , so he was given a minimum suspension .
all 5 are 1:1 arcade ports with only one small enhancement in the form of skill lists / move lists for the characters of the fighting games , nothing else was changed .
trout pout is a british slang term for the puffy , over - sized lips from collagen injections ( lip enhancement ) .
in computer vision , difference of gaussians is a grayscale image enhancement algorithm that involves the subtraction of one blurred version of an original grayscale image from another , less blurred version of the original .
provides capital funds and technical assistance for the preservation , enhancement and restoration of wetlands , watersheds , riparian corridors , and other wildlife habitat lands .
motives that are relevant to comparison include self - enhancement , perceptions of relative standing , maintenance of a positive self - evaluation , closure , components of attributes and the avoidance of closure ( kruglanski & mayseless , 1990 ; suls , martin , & wheeler , 2002 ) .
it was reported that the enhancement of estrogen - induced gene transcription due to pelp-1 could be blocked by protein kinase inhibitors .
this mechanical stimulation may be used to assist in the creation of virtual objects ( objects existing only in a computer simulation ) , for control of such virtual objects , and for the enhancement of the remote control of machines and devices ( teleoperators ) .
weapon enhancement spells , used by the fist of stone and blood assassin characters introduced in the expansion , also do not count towards this limit .
one early undertaking was the enhancement of the operational and physical infrastructure at hovsgol national park .
dormers are also popular due to the aesthetic enhancement to a property that they provide .
many experts consider groynes to be a " soft " solution to coastal erosion because of the enhancement of the existing beach .
the hdr studio version provides additional features like aaco ( auto - adpative contrast enhancement ) , jpeg 2000 , usmplus ( unsharp mask plus ) , clonetool and printao .
" the confucian transformation model starts with individual meditation and goes through personal enhancement , self - discipline , personality integrity , family integration , state governance , and reaches the excellence of universal commonwealth " ( confucianism .
indonesian lapan has had extensive co - operation and skills enhancement with the technical university berlin .
when a new class was built as an enhancement of an old class , the old class 's letter was re - used , followed by a superscript upper - case letter .
wherein both the buyer and seller focus on value enhancement with the goal of providing a more satisfying
this ensemble focuses on building musical repertoire , and enhancement of musical performance skills .
the ideal amount of edge enhancement that is required to produce a pleasant and sharp - looking image , without losing too much detail , varies according to several factors .
players can improve their items through various methods , such as smithing or magical enhancement .
tecmar was an american manufacturer of pc enhancement products based in the suburbs of cleveland , oh . the company was founded in 1974 and their first products were data acquisition boards for the first generation of microcomputers .
all players , starting with the iaudio 4 , feature an audio enhancement licensed from .
self - enhancement .
major town redevelopment and upgrading plans such as the main upgrading programme and the interim upgrading programme in older estates such as in queenstown toa payoh , and bukit merah from the 1990s has involved the enhancement of the precinct concept , including the physical upgrading to collective groups of blocks , re - configuration of public spaces around them , and often includes the christening of names to these estates .
therefore , edwards did not take performance enhancement drugs to improve her performance .
the programmes have the maintenance and enhancement of the environment , countryside and rural communities as their major priorities .
the h.e.x. ( human enhancement experimental ) armor has only one purpose : kill superhumans .
moonesinghe planned a multi - facetted approach to the management of the institution : training and skills enhancement , scientific methodology and discipline were considered to be three main requisite characteristics .
depending on pulse separation , the second pulse is more or less absorbed by the plasma plume caused by the previous pulse , resulting in a reheating of the laser plasma leading to signal enhancement .
amcham - jordan plays a leading role in expanding economic growth and opportunities , through the enhancement of trade and investment between jordan and the u.s.
however , the additional burden is determined by the nature of the hcv and will affect only those parts of the forest , and those aspects of management , that are required for the maintenance or enhancement of the hcv ( this procedure is explained in more detail in the section on adaptive management , below ) .
ajol is currently supported by the ford foundation and through inasp 's programme for the enhancement of research information , by the royal danish ministry of foreign affairs ( rdmfa ) , sida , the uk department for international development ( dfid ) and the norwegian agency for development cooperation ( norad ) .
as the project finance marketplace has evolved , milbank has expanded its worldwide practice to include asset disposition , restructuring , portfolio securitization , credit enhancement and political risk mitigation techniques .
tem is performed with the rotem whole blood analyzer ( pentapharm gmbh , munich ) and is an enhancement of thrombelastography , originally described by h. hartert in 1948 .
the announcement had been made following the arc lawsuit between system enhancement associates , inc. and pkware , inc.
a mechanical device created by scientists working for law , it is powered by energies from the maelstrom and has one of three effects on all who pass through it : " enhancement , mutation , or death as the maelstrom energy decides " .
much research was conducted to study the lift performance enhancement due to suction for aerofoils in the 1920s and 1930s at the aerodynamishe versuchsanstalt in goettingen .
as of january 13 , 2010 , the 2009 military readiness enhancement act ( mrea ) , a bill that aims to repeal dadt , had 187 cosponsors , and was referred to the house committee on armed services and the subcommittee on military personnel .
anna 's work has particularly pinpointed the development of translation and adaptation as an important part of cultural enhancement .
this near energy independence of the enhancement also agrees with the quark - gluon plasma approach regarding the mechanism of production of these particles and confirms that a quark - gluon plasma is created over a wide range of collision energies , very probably once a minimal energy threshold is exceeded .
ride comfort will also have to be sacrificed in order to deal with performance enhancement .
this pressure drop may be significant , so the heat transfer enhancement is often limited by the pumping power available .
the two diamonds on the left of a tetrad are the " enhancement " and " retrieval " qualities of the medium , both " figure " qualities .
wcw primarily used studd as an enhancement talent .
however , narcissists were found to be more self - serving with the comparative strategy , employing it far more , than non - narcissists , suggesting a greater rigidity with their self - enhancement .
" citizen cyborg : why democratic societies must respond to the redesigned human of the future " is a 2004 non - fiction book by bioethicist and sociologist james hughes which argues that human enhancement or “ transhuman ”
ati avivo implements 12-bit transform to reduce data loss during conversion ; it also utilizes motion adaptive 3d comb filter , automatic color control , automatic gain control , hardware noise reduction and edge enhancement technologies for better video playback quality .
it is conceivable that these growth tubes could be mistaken for laser drill holes that are sometimes seen in diamond ( see diamond enhancement ) , but the tubes will be noticeably doubled in moissanite due to its birefringence .
924(e ) sentence enhancement .
shortly after his embarrassing match with muraco ( in which he barely got any offense and was pinned off a garden - variety clothesline ) , the wwf began to use him as enhancement talent aka a jobber .
beos was well respected by a small but loyal user base which was disappointed when be inc. failed commercially and no further enhancement of the operating system would be possible .
this is a central plains water enhancement scheme timeline .
potentiators are also known as enhancement reagents .
gekko , using the petawatt beam for heating , along with the original beams for compression , demonstrated a fusion yield enhancement of 3 orders of magnitude when the petawatt beam was used .
motiondsp is a silicon valley startup which has developed multi - frame video enhancement software that improves the quality video using super - resolution techniques .
an abstract of judgment is a clerical document containing a summary of court proceedings which may be useful though not conclusive in proving a prior conviction for the purposes of enhancement . " united states v. gutierrez - ramirez " , 405 f.3d 352 , 357 - 58 ( 5th cir .
saffron is said to have many benefits including circulation enhancement , and is used as a food coloring and natural medicine .
additionally , some grapheme → color synesthetes report that they experience their colors strongly , and show perceptual enhancement on the perceptual tasks described below , while others ( perhaps the majority ) do not , perhaps due to differences in the stage at which colors are evoked .
this community based learning experience will allow students to become familiar with the skills and attitudes necessary for success in a profession or career while developing future goals as an enhancement of classroom learning .
memory enhancement .
diffusion in these systems was observed to be enhanced by up to an order of magnitude by the addition of nanoparticles and the mechanism for this enhancement was under investigation at the time of his death .
the significance of the short propagation distance is that it causes the effect of " antiguiding " nonlinearities ( the same phenomenon is coincidentally quantified by the linewidth enhancement factor relating to mooradian 's above - mentioned earlier work ) in the diode laser gain region to be minimized .
the new " mauretanias smart and stylish accommodation marked a further enhancement to the standards of cabins , public rooms and general facilities provided for passengers of all grades by cunard white star line .
the open road " was filmed using the biocolour process , and the british film institute had to use computer enhancement of the original print of the film to remove the flickering problem .
the mughal kings played a vital role in the enhancement of jamawar by putting their inspirations into the cloth ’s designing and visiting the weavers on a regular basis to supervise its making .
” even more detrimental may be the enhancement of produce decay , and physiological processes such as regrowth .
this is in contrast to most other o - methyltransferases where acid / base catalysis has been demonstrated to be an essential contribution to rate enhancement .
he is the author and or co - author of over 13 conference papers and nasa formal publications in the areas of cockpit controls and displays , use of stereoscopy in flight displays and pictorial flight displays for situation awareness enhancement .
one small enhancement to the current peer - to - patent site will allow participants to rate each others ' comments , just as they now rate each others ' prior art submissions .
the domestic security enhancement act of 2003 was draft legislation written by united states department of justice during the george w. bush administration , under the tenure of united states attorney general john ashcroft .
indeed , despite the provision for partial zonation , the global toolkit makes it clear that for the purposes of certification , any forest management unit containing even one small hcv is classified as a high conservation value forest , which brings into play extra requirements for consultation , maintenance or enhancement , and annual monitoring .
meads incorporates the lockheed martin hit - to - kill pac-3 missile segment enhancement ( mse ) missile in a system that includes 360-degree surveillance and fire control sensors , netted - distributed battle management / communication centers and the launchers themselves .
the sorceress of enhancement , ivy is the daughter of dor and irene .
despite affecting compatibility with a small number of software titles ( particularly those that did not follow apple programming guidelines and rules , used illegal opcodes that were no longer available in the new cpu , or used the alternate 80 column character set that mousetext now occupied ) a fair bit of newer software — mostly productivity applications and utilities — require the enhancement chipset to run at all .
renewed funding ( 2002 - 2007 ) permitted the migration of the database into an oracle - based environment administered by the center for international earth science information network ( ) of , continued data entry , and enhancement of the web - interface with a more user - friendly design .
the british , fearing such enhancement of french power , threaten their own preemptive invasion .
the primary focus of sdt is to bring about positive change through “ " status enhancement " ” or " accreditation " .
to temporary fashionable enhancement belongs application of false eyelashes or eyelash extensions , in order to enhance the natural eyelashes and make eye appearance more attractive .
groupbar is an experimental enhancement of the traditional microsoft windows taskbar .
measurable enhancement of the status of health ( mesh ) is a collaborative initiative of lvhhn funded by the dorothy rider pool health care trust to facilitate community engagement , capacity building and social action .
it is one of a few titles designed to use the super fx gsu-1 enhancement chip .
consequently , adaptive histogram equalization is considered an image enhancement technique capable of improving an image 's " local contrast " , bringing out more detail in the image .
in new zealand , scallop enhancement has worked well in tasman bay and golden bay .
in 2008 , qad launched a significant enhancement to its core suite with the release of the enterprise edition of qad enterprise applications .
the state acres for wildlife enhancement ( safe ) program was approved by the usds as an offshoot of the conservation reserve program .
in the oil and gas industry , oxygen finds application as a means for viscosity improvement and enhancement of oil - and - gas flow properties .
a certain color enhancement may only be played with that color character .
the experimental g7ep , an enhancement of the g7e , used primary cells .
this first edition of graphopoli captivated various municipalities of puerto rico that instantly adopted this innovative program into their art and cultural enhancement plan .
they still lack the flexibility of damage dealing that other classes who specialize in that area , such as enhancement shamans , hunters , rogues , mages or warlocks .
the court further stated that wisconsin was within its rights to offer sentence enhancement in bias - motivated crime because it had a compelling interest in preventing the negative secondary effects of such crimes .
hydrogen fuel enhancement from electrolysis has been promoted for use with diesel trucks and often with adaptation of the water - fuelled cars scam .
among these are a redevelopment of st. elizabeths west campus for federal use ; a request for proposals from the washington metropolitan area transit authority for the area around the congress heights metro station ; and a planned redevelopment of camp simms as a mixed - use project , including a new giant grocery store , enhancement to an existing shopping center , and 75 new residential units .
recently , the creators renamed the addon to spacebuild enhancement project , adding content like ship weaponry working in concert with wiremod and gcombat ( the latter is another addon that makes certain weapons able to destroy previously unbreakable props ) .
parallax occlusion mapping ( pom ) is an enhancement of the parallax mapping technique .
3 . to contribute to the enhancement of human resources in the region ;
an apparently anomalous observation of the enhancement of polycondensation rate with increased side reactions , which had remained unexplained so far , was resolved .
valcour performed her duties so efficiently that the chief of naval operations congratulated commideastfor for her outstanding contribution to good foreign relations and for her enhancement of the prestige of the united states .
sedikides believes that self - enhancement is in fact universal , and that different cultures self - enhance in domains important in their culture .
this substantial enhancement is called the cone of coherent backscattering .
a number of concerns are raised by genetic enhancement .
moreover , the competition in contracting act of 1984 ( cica ) contains numerous provisions dealing with the enhancement of competition and the restriction of noncompetitive procurement procedures .
this movement is taking many physical forms - the planting of trees ; the leaving of timber to grow older ; the protection of forest habitat for animal species ; creek riparian enhancement .
additional benefits include irrigation , flood control , fish and wildlife enhancement , and recreation .
the municipality of irosin is committed to promote the general welfare of irosinians and develop all human resources through comprehensive and integrated delivery of basic services , enhancement of multi - sectoral participation and mustering of resources towards sustainable development . "
according to alicke & govorun positive characteristics that an individual believes are within their control are more self - serving , and negative characteristics that are seen as uncontrollable are less detrimental to self - enhancement .
pivotal aspect of the emst ’s artistic policy is the enhancement and enrichment of its permanent collections with works from greek and international artists .
thus , it is prescribed with caution to the elderly and with extreme caution to those with pyschosis , as the general brain activity enhancement in combination with the " dementing " effects of anticholinergics increases the potential of imipramine to cause hallucinations , confusion and delirium in this population .
other major issues brought up by the users included maintaining anonymity of entries while voting is in progress , allowing non - paying members to participate , working out a better formula for calculating the scores , allowing image editing and enhancement .
" type 5 " - an integrated flood retention wetland ( ifrw ) is an integrated flood retention wetland for passive treatment of runoff , flood retention and enhancement of recreational benefits .
in episode 12 , janeece underwent breast enhancement surgery , a present from her mother , after being told she had modelling potential by former pupil turned glamour model sarah - leanne .
all other factors being equal , a high quality emerald with an enhancement level graded " moderate " should cost 40–50% less than an identical stone graded " none " .
a principal objective throughout the site is the enhancement of critical thinking skills .
keyline also includes concepts for rapid soil fertility enhancement and these concepts are explored in " priority one " by p. a. yeomans ' son allan .
some bodybuilders , particularly at professional level , use substances such as site enhancement oil to mimic the appearance of muscle where it may otherwise be disproportionate or lagging .
enhancement occurs where the secondary x - rays emitted by a heavier element are sufficiently energetic to stimulate additional secondary emission from a lighter element .
large donations have spearheaded much of this construction and enhancement of financial aid , but support is actively solicited from throughout the school 's community .
the mi was verified by the delayed contrast enhancement image .
a dohc mivec turbo variant of the engine is also still in production to date ( 4g15 t ) , serving in the mitsubishi colt series , offering on the latest colt version - r ( with exhaust enhancement ) .
on the second story is the c. felix and margaret blount harvey banquet hall , the dick and susan jones academic enhancement center and the bill and emily furr lobby .
in his public activities he initiated and conceived many ideas for the improvement and enhancement of the city , ideas which not once were carried out by others .
he also argues that the concept of " enablement " needs to be added to the debate over " therapy " versus " enhancement " .
risk enhancement / causal link .
" human enhancement to the extreme : a new role for art and its media " in " inside [ arte e siencia ] " editoria lxk pub .
stem cell research enhancement act of 2005 .
the project grants , bikeways and enhancement division is further subdivided into a bikeways section and a position for a senior project coordinator .
sound financial management helped the station to recover in the 1990s , including debt restructuring , aggressive cost - cutting , and revenue enhancement .
92nd maneuver enhancement brigade ( united states ) .
the epr - effect is even more enhanced by many pathophysiological factors involved in enhancement of the extravasation of macromolecules in solid tumor tissues .
as ruler he ordered an immediate stop to the fort 's military enhancement but the company paid no heed .
since 1966 the canadian criminal code has included a penalty - enhancement provision for crimes " motivated by bias , prejudice or hate based on racial group , national or ethnic origin , language , colour , religion , sex , age , mental or physical disability , sexual orientation , or any other similar factor . "
tryptophan anabolic pathway enhancement .
this kind of growth also takes place due to government directives , leading to enhancement of business in some identified priority sector / area .
in the process of digitizing old film into a modern digital movie format , the faded film can sometimes be restored to full color with the use of digital color enhancement methods that amplify the faded pigment colors , but do not amplify the red pigments .
extenze is an herbal nutritional supplement claimed to promote " natural male enhancement " , which suggests a euphemism for penis enlargement .
his disc legacy dates back to recordings in the 1930 's which provide a good insight into the beauty of his voice due to emi 's digital enhancement of the recordings quality using the cedar process .
the " pin gun class " is for highly advanced , often very expensive " race guns " in which almost all manner of enhancement is allowed , including optical sights ( generally red dot sights ) and compensators .
talal abu - ghazaleh knowledge society ( tagks ) is the intellectual and knowledge - enhancement expression of the overall objective of talal abu - ghazaleh organization .
the open core protocol international partnership association , inc. ( ocp - ip ) is an independent , non - profit semiconductor industry consortium formed to administer the support , promotion and enhancement of the open core protocol ( ocp ) .
the u.s. sentencing guidelines set a base offense level of 12 for sending threatening communication , but when a threat to the president is involved , a 6-level " official victim " enhancement applies .
" unit mission : the maneuver enhancement brigade ( meb ) enables , enhances , and protects the operational and tactical freedom of action of the support force .
these include support of self - help groups , development of youth empowerment programs and enhancement of provision of medical facilities .
a further enhancement designed to work in both signaled and dark territory is positive train control , or ptc .
many athletes will partake in hgh treatment for athletic enhancement as a way to prevent injuries .
similar enhancement of quantum reflection takes place where one has particles incident on an array of pillars
a further enhancement to the rail profile produced the 113a section which was the universal standard until about 1998 ; detail improvements to the sleepers and ballast profile completed the picture and the general form of the track had stabilised .
after the site has been successfully regenerated , seed trees may be commercially harvested or the trees may be retained for visual enhancement and as backup against catastrophic losses of regeneration due to agents such as fire or drought .
in april of that year a new set of stamps designed by maltese artists featuring an allegorical depiction of " melita " on the pound and pence values and a depiction of melita leaning on britannia on the shilling values , was a welcome enhancement .
after seeing that their neighbor 's son did n't die years ago , but has grs and is slowly turning into a monstrous creature whose parents have been forced to imprison him in the basement , howard and joanne decide to reverse the genetic enhancement process of their unborn child .
phase 4 is proposed to introduce into service a variety of enhanced dismounted close combat capabilities that constitute soldier enhancement version three ( se v.3 ) .
it is added for three reasons : to increase octane enhancement , to replace banned tetraethyl lead , and to raise the oxygen content in gasoline .
anxiety and performance enhancement .
network rail completed the gauge enhancement from ipswich to peterborougn in 2008 .
scallop enhancement .
in addition , the company agreed to make an annual contribution of $ 2 million to fund environmental enhancement grants in the state .
linus pauling presented a talk on the " orthomolecular enhancement of human development " in 1978 at a conference on human neurological development co - sponsored by the iahp .
cbs sports was honored at the 59th annual technology & engineering emmy awards for outstanding achievement in advanced media technology for synchronous enhancement of original television content for interactive use for its program " march madness on demand . "
an enantiomeric enhancement of 2.6 % had been induced , indicating a photochemical origin of biomolecules ' homochirality .
additionally the curriculum is complemented by special studies in information technology , enhancement courses in english language and exposure to basic research techniques .
homeless people have long resorted to seeking shelter in tents , but these communities are one of the first known to be organized by a sponsoring organization ( a partnership between the seattle housing and resource effort and women 's housing equality and enhancement league , often referred to by the combined acronym share / wheel ) , and , even more notably , are one of the first in a major u.s. city to be largely accepted by local governments .
fortunately , the indian army has been focusing on this aspect from the 1980s , but the demands of the new war doctrine call for an effective enhancement of existing ew capabilities .
they include gadolinium and manganese chelates , or iron salts for t1 signal enhancement .
some securitizations use external credit enhancement provided by third parties , such as surety bonds and parental guarantees ( although this may introduce a conflict of interest ) .
one such enhancement gave the user the ability to change wallpapers and the image displayed at startup , and like most other revisions , it did not add a great deal to the program in terms of core functionality .
in 2000 , the george w. bush administration proposed reducing the threshold to $ 2,500 in a bill known as the " child support enforcement enhancement amendments of 2000 " but it was never introduced .
the military readiness enhancement act is a bill introduced to the u.s. house of representatives in the 109th and 110th congress by marty meehan and the 111th congress by ellen tauscher .
by changing the pulse delays in the rf pulse sequence employed , and/or the rf pulse sequence itself , one may obtain a ` relaxation — based contrast ' , or contrast enhancement between different types of body tissue , such as normal vs. diseased tissue cells for example .
he received the 1985 james craig watson medal for his work on image enhancement and galactic dynamics .
one ork , killboy of the " deff skwadron " graphic novel , has had a major bionic enhancement after every one of his engagements .
hemopure carries a risk of being used improperly as a performance enhancement in sports , may cause reactions , or may carry infection .
the second layer ( 12 kbit / s ) is a narrowband enhancement layer .
an independent postal regulatory commission , also created in 1971 as the postal rate commission and strengthened under the postal accountability and enhancement act enacted in december 2006 , provides regulatory oversight over the activities of the united states postal service .
the 8080 was implemented using non - saturated enhancement - load nmos , demanding extra voltages .
however according to translink 's capital expenditure plan , they plan to invest £ 1.8 m improving these trains to the financial year 2010/11 at least , suggesting that they may be retained beyond the entry of the new class 4000 units , to provide a further enhancement to nir 's fleet .
topical immunotherapy utilizes an immune enhancement cream ( imiquimod ) which is an interferon producer causing the patient 's own killer t cells to destroy warts , actinic keratoses , basal cell carcinoma , squamous cell carcinoma , cutaneous t cell lymphoma , and superficial spreading melanoma .
the ethics of neurocognitive enhancement , that is the use of drugs and other brain interventions to make normal people “
established in 1991 by arvind singhal technopak advisors is a management consulting firm in india , offering strategic advice , start up assistance , performance enhancement impetus , consumer insights and capital advisory to indian and international companies .
data provided by metservice , image enhancement by metvuw , mtsat satellite data courtesy of japanese meteorological agency .
younger women ( aged 15 to 20 ) regarded their bras as an enhancement to their sexuality but were not interested in a heavily structured garment .
a wide variety of oral contrast agents can be used for enhancement of the gastrointestinal tract .
a subtle type of sound reinforcement called acoustic enhancement is used in some opera houses .
these cards provide improved 3d audio and provide audio enhancement that is generally not available with integrated alternatives , at the cost of marginally lower overall performance .
although previously a simple translation task , the changes required for resolution enhancement technologies ( ret ) and optical proximity correction ( opc ) steps associated with design for manufacturability considerations can create huge data volume problems for the mask writer , so some care must be applied to mitigate these negative effects .
cloud whitening / marine cloud brightening / cloud reflectivity enhancement .
the goals of this report were to " provide strategic advice to the premier on the preservation and future enhancement of quality health services for albertans . "
shaped like a cross , it cures wounds by drawing from the enhancement ability .
the central plains water enhancement scheme originated as a feasibility study jointly initiated and funded by christchurch city council and selwyn district council .
this study found that while ephedra promoted modest short - term weight loss , there was no evidence that it was effective for long - term weight loss or performance enhancement .
" wwf all - star wrestling " was a wwf television show which consisted of top - tier or mid - card talent defeating enhancement talent ( jobbers ) and at times a " feature " match between main wwf talent .
soil enhancement and rebuilding .
mariner and its ford escape sibling were the first vehicles to feature ford 's pull - drift steering compensation , an enhancement made possible by applying software control to the electric power steering ( eps ) system .
the central plains water trust is proposing to take 40 cumecs of water from two points on the waimakariri river as part of the central plains water enhancement scheme .
this was the only time where gm has allowed a factory orderable non - gm performance enhancement on the corvette .
processing methods and application areas include storage , level compression , data compression , transmission , enhancement ( e.g. , equalization , filtering , noise cancellation , echo or reverb removal or addition , etc . )
the pac-3 missile is currently being tested for a significant new upgrade , currently referred to as missile segment enhancement ( mse ) .
goslin is the chairperson for the revenue enhancement committee of the cook county forest preserve district and the chicago botanic garden committee .
through this production enhancement , kyocera looks to meet increasing demand across the world for solar cells .
the hydroxylated derivative pipradrol was , however , introduced as a clinical drug indicated for depression , narcolepsy and cognitive enhancement in organic dementia .
in an evaluation of cgiar , the world bank praised its efforts but suggested a shift to genetics research and productivity enhancement .
over the last twenty years , he has pioneered the study of biomechanics , exercise physiology , core strengthening , and performance enhancement as they are related to golf .
vasodilators mentioned are only those which have shown , at minimum , probable mental enhancement .
in late 2008 , a town centre enhancement plan included a narrowing of the road and subsequent widening of paved areas .
such enhancement may include highly skilled and very fast - paced throwing , spinning , catching and juggling of liquor bottles ( to the point of being a feature of the 1988 film cocktail ) .
