gus macdonald , now baron macdonald of tradeston , and from 1998 to 2003 a government minister , was formerly an executive on the programme . john birt ( by then ennobled as baron birt ) , was personal advisor to the british prime minister tony blair between 2001 and 2005 .
ribbentrop persuaded his aunt gertrud von ribbentrop - whose husband had been ennobled - to adopt him on 15 may 1925 , allowing him to add the aristocratic " von " to his name .
he was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) in the " kazoku " peerage system in 1924 .
he was ennobled as amschel mayer von rothschild .
life peers , such as the actor sir laurence olivier , typically have achieved wide fame prior to being ennobled . because they have done this while still being known as firstname lastname , there is a strong tendency , after their ennoblement , to refer to them as lord or lady firstname lastname .
according to some sources , he subsequently had the title lord president of connaught ; but this was held by charles wilmot from 1616 , ennobled in the same year .
the family had been recently ennobled and was not rich .
he died in 1901 , and he was ennobled with the title of baron ( danshaku ) .
as a lieutenant - general , bahrfeldt was ennobled as a member of the prussian hereditary nobility on june 16 , 1913 ( as part of the twenty - fifth anniversary of the reign of kaiser wilhelm ii ) .
however , non - ennobled people ( from minorca ) can use it privately if it is modified to omit certain details reserved for the noble family , i.e. , the shape of the heraldic shield , the helmet and its accessories .
de bury received a royal persion beginning in 1779 , and was ennobled by louis xvi in 1785 , a few months before his death .
his great - great - grandson , the chief judge and later vice governor of göteborgs och bohus län with governor 's title , johan christian thomée ( born 30 may 1737 in kristianstad , died 10 may 1798 in öjared , lundby parish , västergötland ) was ennobled 24 january 1773 at stockholm palace by king gustavus iii of sweden , and introduced 30 may 1775 under number 2029 .
his stated view was that " between the mid - sixteenth century and the mid - eighteenth century wales had practically no history at all , and even before that it was the history of rural brigands who have been ennobled by being called princes " .
upon the death of charles xii , queen ulrika eleonora ennobled swedenborg and his siblings .
the purpose of the almanach was to record the ruling houses of europe and their cadet branches , the most important of those they had ennobled , and incumbent diplomatic corps and highest officers of state .
sofia , her sister lucretia and her brother julius was ennobled in 1577 and given the name gyllehielm .
he was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) in the " kazoku " peerage system .
he belonged intellectually to the group of recently ennobled men who met at the residence of the morosini to discuss politics , which party ( it may be called the liberal party ) came into authority in 1582 .
in 1793 , bernard was raised to the peerage with the title baron bandon , of bandonbridge , in the county of cork , and in 1795 , he was further ennobled as viscount bandon , of bandonbridge , in the county of cork .
in the catholic school system , the aims and objectives are enhanced and ennobled by the catholic philosophy of life which recognizes that every human being has an eternal destiny as well as an earthly existence .
he occupied venice and the republic of ragusa in 1806 , was made governor - general of venice in 1807 , took part in the erfurt negotiations of 1808 , was ennobled as a count , and served with the emperor during the peninsular war in spain ( 1808 - 1809 ) , where he commanded the division that besieged and won pamplona .
fitzgilbert was ennobled as the first baron of cadzow , and is the ancestor of the dukes of hamilton .
in 1882 , captain ronald macleay lorentz campbell , his nephew , was ennobled as baron craignish by the duke of saxe - coburg - gotha and applied to queen victoria to use the title in britain .
the heads of " fudai " ogasawara clan branches would be ennobled in the meiji period .
in 1716 he was appointed king 's painter , and he was ennobled in the following year .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " count " in 1884 .
the newly - formed noble families generally took up , as their family names , the lithuanian pagan given names of their ennobled ancestors ; this was the case with the goštautai , radvilos , astikai , kęsgailos and others .
he is most famous for having employed and ennobled shang yang , a skilled official and legalist from the state of weì ( 衛 , sometimes spelled wey to avoid confusion with another kingdom with the same pronunciation , weì 魏 ) who strengthened qin through a series of controversial reforms .
his grandsons were the adjutant and later captain eric otto borgh ( 1741 - 1787 ) and his older brother johan borgh ( 1736 - 1805 ) , who were ennobled 13 september 1772 at stockholm palace by king gustavus iii of sweden with the name adelborg , and were introduced 9 may 1776 at riddarhuset as noble family number 2090 .
the gyllenhaal family is a descendant of the cavalry officer nils gunnesson haal , who was ennobled in 1652 when queen christina of sweden conferred upon him the crest and family name , " gyllenhaal . "
when a family was ennobled , it was usually given a name - just as lordships of england and other western european countries .
he was born in kraków ( krakau ) , austria - hungary , to a family of austrian origin that had been ennobled by empress maria theresa .
therefore , involuntary celibacy is also ennobled in the media .
he was designated a member of the italian senate in 1923 , and ennobled ( " conte della vetta " ) in 1937 .
after the war , he was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
of the nineteen prime ministers since 1902 , eight have been created both peers and knights of the garter ; three were ennobled but not knighted ; three became knights of the garter but not peers ; and five were not granted either honour : in two cases due to their death while still active in politics ; two others declined honours .
eric xiv married karin morganatically in 1567 , and officially in 1568 , when she was ennobled and crowned queen under the name katarina magnusdotter ( a fancified version of her name ) .
it was said of queen guenevere that everyone who came into her presence was ennobled .
in 1860 he was ennobled with the title of freiherr ( baron ) , and in 1877 was made a life member of the saxon upper chamber .
it was constructed around 1450 by the newly ennobled earl of huntly .
the " buckhurst peerage case " established the principle that once a peer inherits the peerage , he is forever " ennobled in blood " and can not be deprived of it ( except by act of parliament ) .
a burgher and polish jacobin , he was a member of kołłątaj 's forge and was ennobled by the great sejm in 1790 .
in reality , britain responded to the increased german building program by building more ships herself and the theoretical danger period extended itself to beyond the start of world war i. as a reward for the successful bill tirpitz was ennobled to the hereditary ‘ von’ tirpitz in 1900 .
in 1884 , he was ennobled with the title of " hakushaku " ( count ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
no hereditary titles or honours have been granted since 1902 , when explorer sven hedin was ennobled by the king ( that honor was hereditary , but he left no heirs ) .
louis xv esteemed quesnay much , and used to call him his thinker ; when he ennobled him he gave him for arms three flowers of the pansy ( derived from " pensée " , in french meaning " thought " ) , with the latin motto " propter ex cogitationem mentis " .
between 1856 and 1870 , members of the family established banking houses in vienna , austria and paris , france , and were ennobled by the habsburg emperor .
after his release he was ennobled by the emperor , but remained pastor of neisse until his transfer in 1649 to the cathedral of breslau , where he spent the rest of his life .
through marriage , of hildegard von henneberg parts of the bergstraße came to henry ii of katzenelnbogen in 1135 , who was ennobled to an earl in the year 1138 by king konrad iii .
nobles were born into a noble family , adopted by a noble family ( this was abolished in 1633 ) or ennobled by a king or sejm for various reasons ( bravery in combat , service to the state , etc . -
in 1642 , a franz günther , a simple farmer 's son from kützberg by schweinfurt , was ennobled “
in the cantons of valais , thurgovie and tessin , the former noble families were maintained and only some families were ennobled abroad .
king louis xviii of france named despinoy commander of the 1st military division in january 1816 and shortly after he was ennobled as a count .
for their efforts , both men were ennobled by the city directors .
he was ennobled on 10 april 1873 , as the first baron waveney .
in the next creation of the earldom , in 1217 , it was ranulph de blondeville , 4th earl of chester ( 1172 - 1232 ) who was ennobled with it .
in 1713 he became ennobled as baron bingley , and became the british ambassador to spain .
the role is currently held by alan sugar , the well - known entrepreneur and star of bbc one 's " the apprentice " , who was recently ennobled as lord sugar .
on 7 july 1884 , he was ennobled with the title of viscount ( " shishaku " ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
he was related by birth to a number of landed families , such as the recently ennobled earl of roscommon , as well as the long - established earl of fingall , earl of louth and lord dunsany .
it included fox and addington ( now ennobled as the 1st viscount sidmouth ) as well as other leading political figures of the day .
a small number of other bishops – such as david sheppard of liverpool and richard harries of oxford – were ennobled on retiring .
he was released from serfdom , and received the right to his land , but was probably not ennobled .
maxwell fyfe , now ennobled as lord kilmuir and serving as lord chancellor , speaking for the government , doubted that there would be much public support for implementing the recommendations and stated that further research was required .
for his service to russia , he was ennobled by tsar nicholas ii in 1895 .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
obviously in return for his support during the negotiations with sigismund he was ennobled by frederick iii . on january 24 , 1488 which was confirmed three years later by his son maximilian who granted the name " sturzl von buchen " on july 4 , 1491 in nuremberg .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " count " in the meiji period .
while local saints worshipped in palestine can be said to be rooted in muslim traditions , " they are actually ennobled sheikhs , who after their death , have been elevated to sainthood . "
the ministerial office of the secretary of state for innovation , universities and skills has , of late 2009 , been amalgamated into the new ministerial office of the resurgent politician , peter mandelson , ennobled as lord mandelson as the newly created secretary of state for business , innovation and skills - itself an amalgamation of the responsibilities of the secretaries of state for business , enterprise and regulatory reform and innovation , universities and skills - the secretary of state has remit over higher education policy as well as british business and enterprise .
in 1615 brothers volf zikmund and fridrich jankovský z vlašimi of bítov and brothers adam and jiřík jankovský z vlašimi of rešice were ennobled with hereditary titles of lord by matthias , holy roman emperor , and received new coat of arms with the black eagle and the two red vulture heads of z vlašime , z jenštejna and z úsova .
nonetheless , she was ennobled as a dame commander of the british empire in 1931 .
the by - election was caused by the elevation to peerage of the town 's conservative party member of parliament ( mp ) george bowyer , who was ennobled as baron denham .
in the second schleswig war of 1864 hindersin , now lieutenant - general , directed the artillery operations against the lines of düppel , and for his services was ennobled by king william i.
before retirement , at the end of 1874 , he was ennobled and became " kommandant oberst edouard freiherr von fleißner von wostrowitz " .
he was ennobled in rome on 8 january 1695 by prince sforza ; unlike his son , he did not use his title .
gahn is a swedish family , one member of which was ennobled in 1809 with the name " gahn af colquhoun " .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
he was ennobled by emperor franz joseph i of austria for his share in maximilian 's enterprise .
they declared themselves " ennobled in blood , " and suggested that no peerage could be extinguished except by an act of parliament , upon the extinction of all heirs to it , or upon forfeiture for treason or felony .
having been appointed governor of counties leitrim and donegal in 1777 and 1781 respectively , clements was ennobled as baron leitrim in 1783 .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
she became , in the opinion of the american poet and writer david ferry ( b. 1924 ) , " not so much a human being as a sort of compendium of nature " , while " her death was right , after all , for by dying she was one with the natural processes that made her die , and fantastically ennobled thereby " .
although three of the queens in sweden during the same century were not of royal blood , ( but noble ) , karin månsdotter was the only swedish queen before modern times to be a commoner - unless you wish to count desiree clary , who was born a commoner but ennobled many years before she became royal - and her fate has been regarded as quite unique and romantic .
however in glaris there are some families ennobled abroad .
the aizu - matsudaira survived the meiji restoration , and were ennobled with the title of viscount .
dragonetti was not more remarkable for his astounding execution than for the deep , genuine musical feeling which elevated and ennobled it .
in recognition of his contributions to music and the arts , segovia was ennobled on 24 june 1981 by king juan carlos i , who gave segovia the ( hereditary ) title of " 1 .
his queen consort , margaret of anjou , was pregnant , and even if she should miscarry , the marriage of the newly ennobled edmund tudor , 1st earl of richmond to margaret beaufort provided for an alternative line of succession .
philipp was ennobled by his father and became the ancestor of the current barons von cornberg .
in 1823 he returned to munich , where maximilian ii of bavaria ennobled him and his descendants .
chung , keng quee and chin , ah yam , leaders of the hai san and ghee hin , respectively , were ennobled by the british with the title of kapitan china ( 華人甲必丹 or the leader of the chinese community ) and the town of larut was renamed taiping ( " 太平 " in chinese , meaning " everlasting peace " ) as a confirmation of the new state of truce .
his grandfather karl von weizsäcker was prime minister of the kingdom of württemberg , and was ennobled in 1897 and raised to the hereditary title of baron ( freiherr ) in 1916 .
bagumbayan is where everyone is enabled , ennobled , and free .
in 1621 ferdinand ii , holy roman emperor , legitimated them and ennobled them as " von holstein " .
he returned to the house of commons at the 1892 general election , as mp for handsworth ( on the outskirts of birmingham ) , and held that seat until he was ennobled on 26 december 1905 as baron knaresborough .
king charles vii ennobled joan of arc 's family on 29 december 1429 with an inheritable symbolic denomination .
he was subsequently ennobled as a peer .
like the rest of the immediate family , she was ennobled by royal grant in december 1429 .
percy was returned to parliament for kensington south in a november 1895 by - election , replacing the ennobled sir algernon borthwick .
he certainly returned to lisbon by the beginning of april 1484 , when john ii ennobled him , made him a cavaleiro ( knight ) of his household ( he was already an escudeiro or esquire in the same ) , and granted him an annuity and a coat of arms ( april 8 , 1484 and april 14 , 1484 ) .
césarine viallet de montbel was from a large savoy family who had been parliamentarians and later ennobled .
lao ai then became ennobled as marquis lao ai , and was showered with riches .
on 21 september he was ennobled by tsar peter the great in reward for his services .
the seat had become vacant when sir thomas inskip , the constituency 's conservative party member of parliament had been ennobled as viscount caldecote on 6 september and appointed as lord chancellor .
he was born to a recently ennobled family of venice , received a jesuit education in bologna and became a cardinal - deacon of " san nicola in carcere " in 1737 .
in other words , he did not have to convert to catholicism or be baptized in order to be ennobled .
his father was ennobled in 1852 when he was elevated to the personal nobility .
some of these families granted titles during these periods were the iturbides — whose basque ancestors had been ennobled by king juan ii of aragon—,the samaniego del castillos , and the marquis de la cadena .
subsequent to this garcía made ladrón " conte en pamplona " ( count in pamplona ) on the same day that he dubbed and ennobled many in the same city in preparation for the war with aragon , which never came .
he was ennobled von dechend in 1865 .
his name was just samuel pufendorf until he was ennobled in 1684 ; he was made a freiherr ( baron ) a few months before his death in 1694 .
paternally , she descended from the earls of shaftesbury who had been ennobled as barons in 1661 , and ranked as baronets since 1622 .
during sometime later on , fictional character cutler beckett becomes a part of the east india trading co. , and is later appointed chairman and supreme leader , as a result of which he is ennobled by the king , becoming lord cutler beckett .
the emperor ferdinand iii crowned him laureate in 1644 , ennobled him in 1653 , and invested him with the dignity of a count palatine , an honor which enabled him to crown , and to gain numerous poets for the elbschwanen order ( " elbe swan order " ) , a literary and poetical society which he founded in 1660 .
paul strudel or paul strudl ( circa 1648 in cles ( trentino ) - 20 november 1708 in vienna ) was an austrian sculptor , architect , engineer , and painter , ennobled as " baron von strudel " and vochburg .
either walter , or his eldest son john ( d. before 1454 ) , was ennobled as a lord of parliament in the 1440s , with the title lord dirletoun .
after scania and the other provinces included in his diocese had been ceded to sweden through the treaty of roskilde in 1658 , winstrup 's loyalty shifted to his new sovereign , charles x gustav of sweden , and he was ennobled under the name himmelstjerna , a name he never actually used .
he and his brother participated in the establishment of saxony 's cloth industry , and both were ennobled for their services by frederick augustus iii on 1 june 1792 , thus the prefix " von " to the family name .
the seat had become vacant on the resignation from the house of common of the constituency 's labour member of parliament ( mp ) , francis douglas , who had been appointed as governor of malta and ennobled as baron douglas of barloch .
some of the new families were ennobled abroad while others were incorporated to the nobility by " integration " .
the lord chamberlain must be a member of the house of lords and so is ennobled on appointment ( if not already a peer ) , while most retiring private secretaries to the queen have also become peers .
he and his five children were ennobled under the name björnstjerna in 1760 , which was not uncommon for archbishops in sweden .
marcel - auguste dieulafoy was born in toulouse into an educated and ennobled family .
at his mother 's villa , where he had spent his youth , the villa castello at rifredi near florence , grand duke cosimo entrusted tribolo from 1536 with the layout of a garden that was to illustrate , with an elaborate iconological program worked out by one of cosimo 's court humanists , the beneficent influence of the recently - ennobled medici , seen to be watering tuscany , as a source of water fertilizes a garden .
his son , also named herman leopoldus ( died 1750 ) , became very rich and was ennobled by letters patent in 1739 .
he retired in 1852 , was ennobled by the king of bavaria in 1854 , and died at munich on 5 march 1856 .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
in the new year 's honours list of 1939 he was ennobled as baron hankey , of the chart in the county of surrey .
lord selborne and sir henry james both rejected the lord chancellorship , a post , which , however , was accepted by sir farrer herschell , who was ennobled as baron herschell .
the violence of knights he wanted to see ennobled in the service of christ , defending the churches of the east as if defending a mother .
he held the seat for 37 years until he was ennobled in 1922 .
david margesson the conservative mp for rugby and secretary of state for war had been dismissed from his ministerial job after the loss of singapore to the japanese , but was ennobled as viscount margesson .
in 1716 he was ennobled in gratitude of his services to the nation by the king and changed his name from " polhammar " to " polheim " , which he later changed to " polhem " .
the alley is named after country marshal ( " lantmarskalk " ) and councillor of the realm anders lejonstedt ( 1649 - 1725 ) , before knighthood named volimhaus , who together with his brother jakob ( ennobled gyllenborg ) owned the block taking up the north - eastern part of the street in the late 17the century .
1917 on october 22 alfred musil ennobled .
chapman was ennobled in 1772 .
he went on to say that " ( in ) perfect architecture no principle of utility will be sacrificed to beauty , only elevated and ennobled by it . "
the new dispensation saw the adoption of this rite by our divine lord and his apostles , and so , elevated , ennobled , and consecrated by such high and holy usage , it came at a very early stage in the church 's history to assume definite and concrete shape as the chief among her sacramentals .
his brother , johan afzelius ( 1753 - 1837 ) was professor of chemistry at uppsala ; and another brother , pehr von afzelius ( 1760 - 1843 ; the " von " was added when he was ennobled ) , who became professor of medicine at uppsala in 1801 , was distinguished as a medical teacher and practitioner .
the stirps being ennobled with the electoral saxon major general and royal polish colonel joachim daniel von jauch ( 1688–1754 ) became extinct in the 18th century .
anna åkerhjelm , née " anna agriconia " , ( born in nyköping , sweden sometime before 1647 , died in germany 1693 ) , was a swedish writer and traveller and the first woman in sweden to have been ennobled for her own actions ( 1691 ) .
on 7 july 1884 , natamura was ennobled with the title of viscount ( " shishaku " ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
the by - election was triggered by the elevation to the peerage of the town 's conservative party member of parliament ( mp ) max aitken , who was ennobled as baron beaverbrook .
the head of this clan line was first ennobled as a " count " and in the meiji period .
he entered parliament as one of three representatives for buckinghamshire in a 1876 by - election ( succeeding the ennobled benjamin disraeli ) , a seat he held until 1885 .
her brother , karl gustaf frölich , was ennobled count .
on relinquishing office in 1921 he was ennobled as baron glenavy , of milltown in the county of dublin .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " viscount " in the meiji period .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " count " in the meiji period .
his son martin was ennobled on 10 december 1577 .
following the conclusion of the war , he was ennobled with the title of baron under the " kazoku " peerage system .
a rare exception were the burgesses of certain specially privileged " ennobled " royal cities who were titled " nobilis " and were allowed to buy and inherit manorial estates and exercise their privileges ( such as jurisdiction over their subjects ) and monopolies ( over distilleries , hunting grounds , etc . ) .
he enjoyed a close relationship with emperor leopold i , was ennobled by him , and rose to the rank of kapellmeister in 1679 .
in 17th and 18th centuries , the surname was only rarely the original family name of the ennobled , rather a more imposing new names was chosen .
in 1718 he acceded to the office of councilor in the finance council ( " consejo de hacienda " ) and was ennobled , becoming antonio de sartine .
goethe was ennobled in 1782 ( this being indicated by the " von " in his name ) .
johann ignaz von felbiger was the son of a postmaster , who had been ennobled by emperor charles vi .
he received a joint honorary doctorate from the université libre de bruxelles and the vrije universiteit brussel ( belgium ) and in 2001 thielemans was ennobled a baron by king albert ii of belgium .
for his outstanding work , he was ennobled by emperor franz joseph i in 1873 , and given the freiherr nobility title .
the courtauld has two photographic libraries which started as the private collections of two ennobled benefactors : the conway library , covering architecture , architectural drawings , sculpture and illuminated manuscripts , named after lord martin conway and the witt library , after sir robert witt , covering paintings , drawings and engravings and containing over 2,000,000 reproductions of works by over 70,000 artists .
in the 15th century , the noble social class was already formed in lithuania ; for quite a long time it remained open and anyone could be ennobled for services to the grand duke .
" the new york times " dubbed him " an american chekhov whose characters even at their most ridiculous seem blessed and ennobled by a luminous human aura , " and " people " called him " the rare writer equally gifted at drawing people 's emotional maps ... and creating sidesplitting scenes . "
the guinnesses were subsequently ennobled in the 1890s ; duveen had successfully flattered mrs guinness by addressing her as " lady guinness " .
on september 21 , 1907 , saitō was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
one of his ancestors was jacob ben jehiel loans , personal physician to emperor frederick iii , ennobled for his medical achievements , and also hebrew teacher of the well - known humanist , lawyer and philosopher johannes reuchlin .
george stevens , finding an analogy in " the rape of lucrece " , glosses it as " entitled ( ie , ennobled ) by these things . "
he became envoy to the kingdom of württemberg in 1858 , and was ennobled in 1859 .
although ennobled a baron by the king in 1816 , his opposition had aggravated king william i so much that the monarch personally made sure that surlet de chokier was not reelected in 1828 .
his father and grandfather served in the navy , and his grandfather had been ennobled by emperor meiji for his services in the russo - japanese war .
in 1803 he was , together with other members of his family , ennobled , and in 1809 made " hofrat " .
at first it was granted by monarch , since late xvi century by the sejm that gave the ennobled person a coat of arms .
he came from an aristocratic family with a history of service to the french monarchy and an unshakeable catholic faith , that came to prominence at blois with the sons of jean sublet , two of whom were ennobled towards the end of the reign of charles ix .
already at his return from his foreign studies in 1602 , he was hired as tutor of the young prince gustavus adolphus of sweden , the future king , and was ennobled the following year , taking the name " skytte " after an extinct noble family from which he claimed descent on the maternal side .
the commonwealth set a precedent by allowing jews to become ennobled .
the earliest recorded references to the surname tellechea or a variant is a listing among the nobility of fuenterrabia in 1592 for one esteban de tellaethea while cristan de tellaechea y echevarria was ennobled in tolosa in 1616 .
in 1912 he was ennobled by king franz joseph of hungary ; his surname became " lászló de lombos " .
in 1862 , he was ennobled ( heritable ) to a freiherr ( baron ) by king george v of hanover .
two years before his death , he was ennobled by emperor joseph ii .
he was making a fortune , and was ennobled in 1715 .
in the second half of the 13th century , the kings ennobled several " royal castle 's serfs " and thus they got rid of the burden to provide services to the castle holders .
the newly - formed noble families generally took up , as their family names , the lithuanian pagan given names of their ennobled ancestors ; this was the case with the goštautai , radvilos , astikai , kęsgailos and others .
in the 13th century king charles i of naples ennobled sergio bove of the house of bove with title and feudal territories in bitonto .
a few years later her sister theresa contracted a morganatic marriage with prince adalbert of prussia , and was ennobled under the title of baroness von barnim .
often celebrated by the title " coke of norfolk " , coke was eventually ennobled by queen victoria in 1837 , accepting a new earldom of leicester so that the sons of his second marriage might inherit his title , and was created viscount coke and earl of leicester , of holkham in the county of norfolk .
as years passed he advanced to first secretary ( 1776 ) and 1777 he was ennobled as " høegh - guldberg " .
depending on time and region , various laws have governed who could be ennobled and how .
she was the elder daughter of louis mountbatten , 1st earl mountbatten of burma and his wife , the heiress edwina ashley , a patrilineal descendant of the earls of shaftesbury , first ennobled in 1661 .
there , he served with such distinction that he was made the 162nd knight of the most noble order of the garter and ennobled as the first earl of avranches by letter of henry vi on 8 august 1445 .
in 1780 he went to saint petersburg , became an officer in the russian army , was ennobled and attached to the grand duke paul , whom he accompanied on a journey to italy and france .
krafft was ennobled in 1719 , receiving the name " von krafft " , and awarded the title of " hovintentendent " ( court intendant ) in 1720 .
he replaced his cousin herbert pike pease , who had been ennobled as baron daryngton ( and who had been elected to succeed his father arthur ) .
another category would include irish people bearing foreign noble titles , or having been ennobled through investiture into the nobiliary sovereign military and hospitaller order of st. john of jerusalem , of rhodes , and of malta ( see knights of malta ) .
in 1883 , kabayama changed from the army to the navy , becoming " taifu " ( senior vice minister ) of navy with the rank of rear admiral , and was also ennobled with the title of viscount ( " koshaku " ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
he was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system on 24 may 1887 .
johan peter wotapek von ritterwald , judge from the tábor city in south bohemian region , ennobled on november 1763 by maria theresa of austria .
by receiving the order of the crown from king william ii of württemberg in 1895 steiner was ennobled .
political considerations caused command to be passed to lieutenant - general sir julian byng , later ennobled as lord byng of vimy and governor - general of canada .
shortly before his death , he was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
in 1827 , plunket was ennobled in the peerage of the united kingdom as baron plunket , of newton in county cork .
he was subsequently ennobled as baron wyfold , and the abronetcy remained merged with that title until its extinction in 1999 .
individuals who received the order and were not already members of the nobility were ennobled and would add the title of " ritter von " to their family name .
peter i of russia charged demid with casting cannon for his many military expeditions and demid was ennobled for having strongly supported the tsar 's activities .
in such cases an upper group , part feudal - aristocratic , part mercantile would arise , a group of mixed nature like the ' magnates ' of bologna , formed of nobles made " bourgeois " by business , and " bourgeois " ennobled by city decree , both fused together in law . "
born arnold william bode in calvörde , he was ennobled in 1913 .
victoria college , alexandria , was founded in 1902 under the impetus of the recently ennobled evelyn baring , 1st earl of cromer of the barings bank , that was heavily invested in egyptian stability .
from the high renaissance artists like michelangelo , leone leoni and giambologna could become wealthy , and ennobled , and enter the circle of princes .
common themes are rich , ennobled and initially unattainable males ( often of mediterranean -- especially greek -- origin ) , the desire of a character to have a baby ( with this being thwarted by infertility or an unsympathetic husband ) , and the breakup and mending of a relationship .
because of his success as a soldier , he was ennobled by the imperial court , which also donated money for a lavish funeral and a huge tomb - the largest extant in taiwan .
on 30 june 1964 , he was ennobled as baron inglewood , of hutton in the forest in the county of cumberland ..
the fourth son clotworthy was ennobled in his own right as baron langford .
ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the kazoku peerage system in 1902 , he served as a member of the house of peers from 1904 - 1910 .
his brother , anthony duncombe , who was also mp for hedon , died before him . his nephew and heir , also called anthony , was later ennobled as lord feversham .
christoph beetz ( may 1 , 1670 , swedish pomerania – april 18 , 1746 , stralsund ) was ennobled by emperor charles vi in vienna , austria on 27 january 1734 as " beez von beezen " ( beetz von beetzen ) after receiving an heritable membership of the old class of the holy roman empire ( higher nobility ) .
for his much appreciated services to the crown of spain , he was ennobled as a " conde " ( count ) , and granted a coat of arms .
the empress maria theresa ennobled james lockhart in 1782 , after a campaign in lombardy in the service of her grandson , the grand duke of tuscany .
in 1837 , he was ennobled with the title joseph johann edler von littrow .
gourdon was established in poilu , ennobled there in 1703 , and in quercy - bretagne as de gourdon de genoulliac et de las bordes .
in 1905 , takaki was ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system for his contribution of eliminating beriberi from imperial japanese navy and also awarded the order of the rising sun ( first class ) .
in 1882 , captain ronald macleay lorentz campbell , his nephew , was ennobled as baron craignish by the duke of saxe - coburg - gotha and applied to queen victoria to use the title in britain .
a few chinese families enjoyed hereditary titles in the full sense , the chief among them being the holy duke of yen ( the descendant of confucius ) ; others , such as the lineal descendants of wen tianxiang , ennobled the duke of xingguo , not choosing to use their hereditary title .
walther franz anton von dyck ( december 6 , 1856 in munich - november 5 , 1934 in munich ) , born dyck and later ennobled , was a german mathematician .
they had several children , who were ennobled or married to nobles .
the romans settled them in rome , ennobled claudius and promised them land beyond the anio river in the vicinity of fidenae .
in order to allow him to serve as consul he would almost certainly had to have been ennobled as a member of the senatorial order and would thus have had the honorific " vir clarissimus " ( i.e. ‘ most distinguished man’ ) , but this is not recorded on the arretium inscription .
at the restoration sir thomas is said to have received £ 60,000 to compensation and his son was ennobled as sir thomas myddelton , 1st baronet of chirk castle .
also , on 5 june 1817 , the royal decree ennobled all officers that received the golden cross .
a family legend recorded by prince ioann of georgia in his genealogical treatise holds it that the jap'aridze descended from the mongol ( " chingisid " ) officer in racha called jap'ar whose scions later converted to georgian orthodox christianity and were ennobled by the kings of georgia .
the butlers , ennobled as earls and dukes of ormonde , have always interested themselves in " ossory 's " welfare ] these powerful nobles were sometimes charged with the government of ireland ; not infrequently " kilkenny " was the residence of the viceroy and saw a parliament sitting within its walls , and there the statute of kilkenny was passed ( 1367 ) .
he was ennobled by the emperor ; was named " maître des requêtes " to the conseil d’état in 1810 ; then " préfet " of the nièvre départment from 1813 to 1815 .
he was ennobled in 1776 , and made patrician by the trieste city council in 1779 .
the " the gate of calais secondary title , " o , the roast beef of old england " , is a reference to the popular patriotic ballad ' the roast beef of old england ' from henry fielding 's " the grub - street opera " ( 1731 ) , which told of how the food " ennobled our brains and enriched our blood " and laughed at " all - vapouring france " .
he was ennobled in 1674 , receiving the name ehrenstrahl .
he returned to paris , where he was put in charge of monsieur 's " cabinet " of natural history and made a " valet de chambre " to monsieur 's wife , madame , which brought him his ennobled name , pilâtre de rozier .
in the nineteenth century , christoph august von schmidt , after having served as a provost at the university of saint petersburg , russia where he was ennobled by the tsar and awarded the orders of st stanislaus and sts ann - and - vladimir , erected a monument describing his adventure and bearing the simplified , swan version of his coat - of - arms which today has been adopted by the village of gattendorf as its municipal arms .
he was later ennobled as baron st oswald , of nostell in the county of york .
one branch of the family was ennobled .
matthieu covers the years 1444 - 67 , from a point - of - view favourable to burgundy , but with an attempt at impartiality , though he was in the service of philippe iv and then of louis xi , with whom he fought at the battle of montlhéry ( 16 july 1465 ) , after which he was ennobled .
he then became court pianist and inspector of musical studies in the imperial institute of female education , and was ennobled in 1876 .
their history dates back to dijon in the fourteenth century , descended from alain chartier , and they were ennobled at the beginning of the fifteenth century .
in 1924 he was ennobled by king victor emmanuel iii and given the hereditary title of principe di montenevoso .
his great - grandson johan aron borgh ( 1742 - 28 september 1785 ) , was ennobled at the same time as the above mentioned brothers , 13 september 1772 with the same name and was introduced at riddarhuset the same day as them , but died childless , making his line extinct .
he was later ennobled with the title of " danshaku " ( baron ) under the " kazoku " peerage system .
the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " count " in 1884 .
he was ennobled in 1870 .
the gripenstedt family 's earliest descendandt was a man named hieronimus berger , born in the courland region of modern - day latvia , who immigrated to sweden and was ennobled with name gripenstedt in 1691 .
buscot was then acquired by alexander henderson , later to be ennobled as the first baron farringdon .
in 1884 , the head of this clan line was ennobled as a " count " .
when in 1805 the principalities became part of bavaria , lang entered the bavarian service ( 1806 ) , was ennobled in 1808 and from 1810 to 1817 held the office of archivist in munich .
a catholic member of the family , christopher de paus , was ennobled by the pope and made a roman count .
a favorite of the emperor , who commented , ' if the army ever erects a monument to express its gratitude , it should do so in honor of larrey ' , he was ennobled as a baron on the field of wagram in 1809 .
ludwig michael schwanthaler , later ennobled as ritter von schwanthaler ( august 26 , 1802 - november 14 , 1848 ) , german sculptor , was born in munich .
in the following decade , land grants were given to newly ennobled men from the immediate region to the hungarian family of németszeghy , koronay , and croat families of antunović , rudić , kovačić , and šišković .
in 1804 schlözer was ennobled by the emperor alexander i of russia and made a privy councillor .
