today , it is one of the official languages of spain , most latin american countries and equatorial guinea .
in the mid - seventies , a $ 70-million international joint venture succeeded in collecting multi - ton quantities of manganese nodules from the abyssal plains ( 18,000 feet , 5.5 km + depth ) of the eastern equatorial pacific ocean .
the 18th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 18 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane .
vortices have never been observed in the equatorial region of jupiter ( within 10° of latitude ) , where they are unstable .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , possibly angola , and possibly democratic republic of the congo .
it is native to lowland tropical rainforest in west africa , from nigeria southwards to the congo basin in angola , cameroon , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , scattered or in local pockets , favouring deep soil and plenty of moisture .
he claims to have won several elections in equatorial guinea .
30° and 60°. ocean currents are also important factors in determining climate , particularly the thermohaline circulation that distributes heat energy from the equatorial oceans to the polar regions .
the 23rd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 23 degrees north of the earth 's equatorial plane .
on the arrival of mann in equatorial guinea for his trial in malabo , public prosecutor jose olo obono said that mann would face three charges - crimes against the head of state , crimes against the government , and crimes against the peace and independence of the state .
a grubb 8 inch aperture equatorial refracting telescope presented by escombe and a 3 inch transit instrument was purchased by the government .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone .
the western congolian forest - savanna mosaic bounds the atlantic equatorial coastal forests to the southeast .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , guinea - bissau , kenya , liberia , nigeria , rwanda , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania , togo , uganda , and zambia .
there are 23 species worldwide and 9 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
the titan arum grows in the wild only in the equatorial rainforests of sumatra , indonesia .
the slow solar wind appears to originate from a region around the sun 's equatorial belt that is known as the " streamer belt " .
he served as a member of unrra ( 1944 - 45 ) , and travelled on foot from east to west across equatorial africa .
from equatorial rainforests to semi - deserts , cameroon encompasses a huge range of climates and terrains .
shortly after this , the couple were forced to spend some time apart when he formally entered the foreign service as consul at fernando po , the modern island of bioko in equatorial guinea .
moore 's sculpture is a functional bowstring equatorial sundial created in 1980 measuring approximately .
equatorial guinea 's debt service ratio fell from 20% of gdp in 1994 to only 1% in 2000 .
in terms of the galactic coordinate system , the galactic center in sagittarius corresponds to a longitude of 0° , while the anticenter is located exactly at 180°. in the equatorial coordinate system , the anticenter is found at roughly r.a. 05h 46 m , dec. + 28° 56 ' .
the exception , the waved albatross , is able to live in the equatorial waters around the galapagos islands because of the cool waters of the humboldt current and the resulting winds .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , and gabon .
this means that equatorial regions of a star will have a greater centrifugal force when compared to the pole .
in 1969 equatorial guinea produced 36,161 tons of highly bid cocoa , but production dropped to 4,800 tons in 2000 .
cruz melchor eya nchama ( born january 6 , 1945 , kukumankok , equatorial guinea ) is a swiss politician , writer and human rights activist .
sextans is a minor equatorial constellation which was introduced in the 17th century by johannes hevelius .
there are 29 species worldwide and 5 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
ndongo and bossio called for a vote for nguema in the second round of the election ; ndongo became equatorial guinea 's first foreign minister and bossio became its first vice - president .
currently , the gulf stream redirects warm , equatorial waters towards the northern nordic seas .
the principal religion in equatorial guinea is christianity which is the faith of 93% of the population .
null geodesics in the equatorial plane of our solution satisfy
it is located on the kam river near the southern border with equatorial guinea and near the ntem river .
the 52nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 52 degrees north of the earth 's equatorial plane .
the 68th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 68 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane , in the antarctic .
the large tbu group used locks the conformation of each molecule placing it equatorial ( cis compound shown ) .
it is found in cameroon , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , and nigeria .
used stamps of french equatorial africa 1937 - 1959 .
he was seconded from the foreign and commonwealth office , to which he returned to become head of the africa department ( equatorial ) .
the equatorial climate is hot year - round with heavy rainfall from may to october with a short interlude in mid - july to august .
many meade telescope lines are classified by the self aiming computerized alt - azimuth and equatorial mounts they come on , a technology commonly called a " goto " mount .
in the lowest - energy chair conformation , 6 of the 12 hydrogens are in axial positions ( colored red)—their c - h bonds are parallel to each other and appear to stick up and down from the ring structure , the other 6 are in equatorial positions ( colored blue)—they are splayed out around the perimeter of the ring .
there have been studies that connect equatorial kelvin waves to coastal kelvin waves .
it may have arrived on its island on rafting vegetation from southwestern africa via the benguela current and the south equatorial current , which passes fernando de noronha .
it is found in cameroon , equatorial guinea , and nigeria .
this results in so - called gravity darkening : the photosphere at regulus ' poles is considerably hotter , and five times brighter per unit surface area , than its equatorial region .
she sailed from lagos on 9 october and set course south , to pick up the equatorial current across the atlantic ocean at 1½°n - with fine weather and calm seas - passing north of st peter and st paul rocks ( see ) on 16 october , arriving bridgetown , barbados , for a visit from 23 - 27 october .
the ntem river is a border river in cameroon , equatorial guinea and gabon .
an often - cited result of earth 's equatorial bulge is that the highest point on earth , measured from the center outwards , is the peak of mount chimborazo in ecuador , rather than mount everest .
siberut ’s shales and marls had been worked into sticky water retaining soils by the equatorial conditions , here rain forests thrive .
equatorial dog - faced bat .
the world 's largest equatorial mounted telescope is the 200 inch ( 5.1 m ) hale telescope , whereas recent 8 - 10 m telescopes use the structurally better altazimuth mount , and are actually physically " smaller " than the hale , despite the larger mirrors .
it was announced on january 10 , 2006 , that he had been appointed as equatorial guinea 's ambassador to spain ; he served in that position until july 2008 .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , kenya , liberia , nigeria , sierra leone , tanzania , togo , and uganda .
rainfall is less pronounced from december through may , when the equatorial low - pressure system moves south .
if independent , ambazonia would share maritime boundaries with nigeria , the republic of cameroon and equatorial guinea .
the 2nd parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 2 degrees north of the earth 's equatorial plane .
national democratic union of equatorial guinea .
atlantic equatorial coastal forests .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , the democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , gambia , ghana , guinea , liberia , nigeria , sierra leone , and uganda .
in the " equatorial bow sundial " , the gnomon is a bar , slot or stretched wire parallel to the celestial axis .
it is the central building of the astronomical observatory of lisbon , a circular room ( whose vault is richly worked ) which supports the weight of the large equatorial refractor on 8 columns of great size .
w. bancrofti " largely affects areas across the broad equatorial belt ( africa , the nile delta , turkey , india , the east indies , southeast asia , philippines , oceanic islands , australia , and parts of south america . )
it is found in the republic of the congo , the democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , liberia , nigeria , and uganda .
before the advent of the chinese mariner 's compass in the 11th century , the seasonal monsoon winds aided one in navigation , blowing north from the equatorial zone in the summer and south in the winter .
the 31st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 31 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane .
it is found in possibly equatorial guinea , nigeria , and possibly senegal .
constantly striving to equip this institute in accordance with the latest requirements of science , he installed in 1823 a new utzschneider equatorial , and in 1837 a new meridian circle .
the equatorial pacific ocean sea surface temperature gradient was considerably lower than it is today , mean sea surface temperature in the east were substantially warmer than today but similar in the west , this condition has been described as a permanent el niño state or el padre
in contrast , among certain ( european ) non - african individuals , there were 18 different amino acid sites in which the receptor proteins differed , and each amino acid that differed from the african receptor protein resulted in skin lighter than the skin of the african ( and other equatorial ) individuals .
french equatorial africa ( ) or the aef was the federation of french colonial possessions in middle africa , extending northwards from the congo river to the sahara desert .
he visited parts of northern africa ( morocco and oran ) , then , from 1929 to 1934 , all countries of west africa and equatorial africa .
equatorial guinea at the 2006 lusophony games .
in august 2008 , he was appointed manager of equatorial guinea .
the national anthem of equatorial guinea was written by atanasio ndongo miyone , and adopted in 1968 , when the country gained independence from spain .
lying between north latitudes 8°18 ' and 12°48 ' and east longitudes 74°52 ' and 72°22 ' , kerala experiences the humid equatorial tropic climate .
currently , meade is the only commercial manufacturer of schmidt - newtonian telescopes , offering 6 , 8 , and 10-inch models on its lxd-75 " go - to " equatorial mount .
it is found in burundi , cameroon , central african republic , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , kenya , nigeria , rwanda , sudan , and uganda .
álvaro cervera díaz ( born 20 september 1965 in fernando pó , equatorial guinea ) is a retired spanish football player who played for racing de santander , rcd mallorca , valencia cf , hércules cf , ontinyent cf and catarroja cf .
this is close to the modern value of 1/154 ( many sources will cite somewhat different values , such as 1/193 , because even a difference of only a couple of kilometers in the values of mars ' polar and equatorial radii gives a considerably different result ) .
it is found in cameroon and equatorial guinea .
in 1947 , the caisse centrale de la france d'outre - mer issued french equatorial african notes for 5 , 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 500 , 1000 and 5000 francs overprinted with " la réunion " .
the problem with an equatorial ring ( if an observer is naive enough to trust it very near dawn or dusk ) is that atmospheric refraction lifts the sun significantly above the horizon : so for a northern hemisphere observer its apparent declination is too high , which changes the observed time when the sun crosses the equator .
on 9 november , a flight deck " cookout " was sponsored by the supply department as the entire crew enjoyed char- broiled steaks and basked in the equatorial sun .
in 1899 he published his most influential paper : " periodic variations in the colours of the two equatorial belts of jupiter . "
the equatorial union is largely neutral because its military is not worth incorporating into the earth alliance , with no space forces and no mobile weapons .
the 21st parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 21 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane .
the apicophilicity of a substituent is defined as the difference in energy between two isomeric structures in which the substituent occupies an apical position and an equatorial position ( leq ) .
one was recorded by peter turnbull - kemp in the equatorial forest of cameroon .
the old calabar kingdom covered the entire akwa ibom state , cross river state , western cameroon , the offshore island of fernando po ( now equatorial guinea ) , and extended into parts of abia state and imo state ( onah , 2004 ) .
equatorial guinea has a tropical climate with distinct wet and dry seasons .
the initiative currently coordinates a staff of over 100 scientists in china , cameroon , equatorial guinea , dr congo , pr congo , lao , gabon , central african republic , malaysia , madagascar and sao tome .
the united nations development programme has proposed a broad governance reform program , but the equatorial guinean government was not moving rapidly to implement it .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , possibly angola , possibly democratic republic of the congo , and possibly nigeria .
distance from rotation axis and height above equatorial plane ( in earth radii ) : 0.8451 + 0.5336 .
achernar spins so rapidly that its equatorial diameter is more than 50% greater than its polar diameter .
tropical ; hot and humid in equatorial river basin ; cooler and drier in southern highlands ; cooler and wetter in eastern highlands ; north of equator - wet season april to october , dry season december to february ; south of equator - wet season november to march , dry season april to october .
irregularities in the equatorial e region over thumba ( april 1969-not accepted as fact )
the time was determined by rotating the bar towards the sun so that the light shining through the hole fell on the equatorial ring .
the 66th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 66 degrees north of the earth 's equatorial plane , about 61 km south of the arctic circle .
cogo , equatorial guinea .
the 52nd parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 52 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane .
there are 8 species worldwide and 4 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
there are 335 species worldwide and 11 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
equatorial guinea is a small country at the west coast of central africa .
when the games started equatorial guinea did n't field any athletes .
it is found in angola , cameroon , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , guinea - bissau , liberia , nigeria , senegal , sierra leone , togo , uganda , and zambia .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , kenya , liberia , mali , nigeria , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania , togo , and uganda .
the subtropics are relatively free of the convection , or thunderstorms , that are common in the equatorial belt of rising motion .
equatorial guinea coup d'état attempt .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , nigeria , rwanda , uganda , and possibly angola .
the cosmic evolution survey ( cosmos ) is a hubble space telescope ( hst ) treasury project to survey a two square degree equatorial field with the advanced camera for surveys ( acs ) .
as of the end of 1995 , when its mission ended , the spacecraft was located at 44.7 au from the sun at a nearly asymptotic latitude of 17.4 degrees above the solar equatorial plane and was heading outward at ~2.4 au / year ( 11.6 km / s ) ; this is the lowest velocity of the five spacecraft now escaping the solar system ( voyagers 1 and 2 , pioneers 10 and 11 , and new horizons ) .
the parallel defines part of the border between equatorial guinea and gabon .
the reagan test site , which includes rocket launch sites on other islands in the kwajalein atoll , on wake island , and at aur atoll , is the only u.s. government equatorial launch facility .
within the equatorial zone certain areas , especially on the shores of the gulf of guinea and in the upper nile basin , have an intensified rainfall , but this rarely approaches that of the rainiest regions of the world .
finally , this quest to find the liver takes jack and laurie to equatorial guinea where they discover the truth of about gensys and kevin 's project with the bonobos .
nuevo estadio de malabo is a multi - purpose stadium in malabo , equatorial guinea .
it was the chief port of french equatorial africa from 1934 to 1946 and was the central focus of the battle of gabon in 1940 .
townsend cromwell ( 1922 - 1958 ) was an oceanographer who discovered the cromwell current whilst researching drifting in the equatorial region of the pacific ocean .
it is found only in equatorial guinea .
it is found in angola , benin , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , gambia , ghana , guinea , guinea - bissau , liberia , mali , nigeria , senegal , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania , togo , and uganda .
it is found in burundi , cameroon , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , nigeria , rwanda , and uganda .
thus , the vernal equinox , the equatorial plane of the earth , and the ecliptic plane vary according to date and are specified for a particular epoch .
chc operates approximately 250 aircraft in 35 countries which include australia , brazil , thailand , the philippines , the middle east , south africa , ecuador , angola , gabon , equatorial guinea , eastern canada .
corisco , equatorial guinea .
except for equatorial guinea and the asian territories east timor and macau , portuguese is the sole official language in each country .
however , in the transverse mercator , the cylinder is rotated 90° ( transverse ) relative to the equator so that the projected surface is aligned to a " central meridian " rather than to the equator , as is the case with the equatorial mercator projection .
with addu kandu the equatorial channel divides to form another important channel named mulah kandu .
the first equatorial spacecraft ( tan ce 1 , chinese for ' explorer 1 ' , also known as tc-1 ) was launched by a long march 2c launch vehicle on december 29 , 2003 at 19:06 ut .
ismail had appointed general charles " chinese " gordon governor of the equatorial provinces of sudan in 1873 .
the won the 2009 cemac cup by beating equatorial guinea in the final 3 - 0 .
cogo ( also known as kogo or koga , formerly puerto iradier ) is a remote town on the mitémélé river in rio muni , equatorial guinea , lying east of acalayong .
democratic party of equatorial guinea .
the great apes are found in 21 countries in africa ( angola , burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of congo , democratic republic of congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , guinea bissau , ivory coast , liberia , mali , nigeria , rwanda , senegal , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania and uganda ) and in two countries in south east asia ( malaysia and indonesia ) .
it is found in equatorial guinea and são tomé and príncipe .
there are also important communities of filipinos , equatorial guineans , bulgarians , indians , italians , argentines , nicaraguans , french , senegalese and poles .
additional , they have important advantages over heavier tanks in southeast asia and other nations in the equatorial region .
this upgrading from its current associate observer condition would result in equatorial guinea being able to access several professional and academic exchange programs and the facilitation of cross - border circulation of citizens .
some astrologers , such as richard nolle , consider the preponderance of ascendants in signs from cancer through sagittarius ( known as the " western signs " ) to be symbolic of the highly relationship - oriented character inherent in a complex or civilized society as found today in the northern hemisphere but never developed in equatorial or south temperate latitudes where " eastern " ( capricorn through gemini ) , individual - oriented ascendants are equally or more common .
based on a simple design the telescope does away with the complex and cumbersome equatorial mount that was typical for earlier telescopes .
the only remnant of this old forest in kenya is the kakamega forest , which is the westernmost tip of the equatorial rainforest .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , the republic of the congo , the democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , guinea - bissau , kenya , liberia , mali , nigeria , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania , uganda , and zambia .
there are 84 species worldwide and 17 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
the 59th parallel north is a circle of latitude that is 59 degrees north of the earth 's equatorial plane .
equatorial coordinate system .
the territory has equatorial weather seasons : a rainy season from september to december , which they call " juyapu " ; a dry season , known by them as " jemial " , from december to april ; a second rainy season called " iwa " from april to may ; and a long second dry season from may to september .
studies using nmr spectroscopy indicate that the three methyl groups are equatorial , thus the molecule has c3v point group symmetry .
km(~187,370 mi ) per second divided by 50–85 hz , which equals around long ; by comparison , earth 's diameter varies from , pole to pole to , equatorial . because of this huge size requirement and , to transmit internationally using elf frequencies , the earth " itself " must be used as an antenna , with extremely long leads going into the ground .
high resolution x - ray crystallography indicates that the molecule is slightly distorted with two ( trans ) shorter v - c distances of 1.993 ( 2 ) vs. four ( equatorial ) 2.005 ( 2 ) å. such a distortion could be due to a jahn - teller effect .
list of rivers of equatorial guinea .
equatorial guinea attributes deficiencies to excessive zeal on the part of local authorities and promises better control and sensitization .
it is found in angola , benin , burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , kenya , liberia , nigeria , rwanda , senegal , sierra leone , sudan , tanzania , togo , and uganda .
on august 3rd , 1951 pioneers arrived in kampala from which pioneers went to french equatorial africa , and cameroon and so on .
there are 24 species worldwide and 4 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , the republic of the congo , the democratic republic of the congo , uganda , zambia , and possibly equatorial guinea .
bodies moving through the long apogee dwell can appear still in the sky to the ground when the orbit is at the right inclination , where the angular velocity of the orbit in the equatorial plane closely matches the rotation of the surface beneath .
the non - circular orbit also caused slight precession of the equatorial crossing time of the f10 by 50 seconds per week .
if the white dwarf is rotating rapidly , however , the effective gravity is diminished in the equatorial region , thus allowing the white dwarf to exceed the chandrasekhar limit .
delimitation of international boundaries in the vicinity of lake chad , the lack of which led to border incidents in the past , is complete and awaits ratification by cameroon , chad , niger , and nigeria ; dispute with nigeria over land and maritime boundaries around the bakasi peninsula and lake chad is currently before the icj , as is a dispute with equatorial guinea over the exclusive maritime economic zone .
there are a number of cartesian variants of equatorial coordinates .
there are a number of unanswered questions , including whether the earth was a full snowball or a " slushball " with a thin equatorial band of open ( or seasonally open ) water .
zarandona started representing his " new nation " , equatorial guinea , in october 2003 , during the 2006 fifa world cup qualification ( caf ) 's first round tie loss with togo .
it is found in cameroon , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , nigeria , possibly angola , and possibly central african republic .
towards equatorial latitudes , species of " calamagrostis " generally occur at higher elevations in mountainous regions .
during world war i , from 1914 to 1916 it was occupied by allied troops and the french in cameroon issued stamps of equatorial gabon in 1915 overprinted with corps expeditionnairefranco - anglais cameroun and in 1916 used the stamps of middle congo overprinted with occupation francaise de cameroun , and continued to use middle congo overprints until the 1920s .
between 1984 and 1992 , service members went regularly to the united states on the international military education training program , after which funding for this program for equatorial guinea ceased .
equatorial regions .
the primary disadvantage is its inability to follow astronomical objects in the night sky as the earth spins on its axis the way that an equatorial mount can .
it is found in angola , cameroon , the democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , guinea , togo , uganda , and zambia .
it has a typical equatorial mountain climate which hedberg described as " winter every night and summer every day . "
it is found in angola , burundi , cameroon , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , kenya , malawi , nigeria , rwanda , tanzania , and uganda .
it is found in angola , cameroon , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone .
in researching " the dogs of war " story , frederick forsyth pretended to be preparing a " coup d'état " against equatorial guinea on behalf of the igbo people whom he passionately supports ; he was told it would cost 240,000 u.s. dollars .
the equatorial counter current is a significant ocean current in the pacific and indian oceans that flows west - to - east at approximately five degrees north .
pico basilé ( formerly pico de santa isabel ) is the highest mountain on the island of bioko , which is part of equatorial guinea .
as the spanish equatorial region , it was ruled by a governor general exercising military and civilian powers .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , gabon , possibly equatorial guinea , and possibly nigeria .
according to this measure , kish 's climate is considered to be a very dry semi equatorial climate .
logging is a continuing threat in cameroon , gabon , the republic of congo and particularly in equatorial guinea .
the first documented triffid outbreaks occur in indochina , where they receive little press attention , until triffids begin appearing in sumatra , borneo , belgian congo , colombia , brazil and other equatorial regions .
although spain 's commissioner general had extensive powers , the equatorial guinean general assembly had considerable initiative in formulating laws and regulations .
but , though the sea at the equatorial borders of the trade - wind belt is some 20° or 25° warmer than it is on the polar edge , yet the specific gravity of its waters at the two places in the atlantic differs but little .
there are three electrojets : above the magnetic equator ( the equatorial electrojet ) , and near the northern and southern polar circles ( the auroral electrojets ) .
therefore , customs duties on cotton exports from chad , then a part of french equatorial africa , were paid to the governor general at brazzaville ( in contemporary congo ) , as were duties on exports from other colonies under regional administration .
rail transport in equatorial guinea is nonexistent .
guo used a quadrangular spherical pyramid , the basal quadrilateral of which consisted of one equatorial and one ecliptic arc , together with two meridian arcs , one of which passed through the summer solstice point ...
the 1858 building designed by the colonial architect , alexander dawson , comprised a dome to house the equatorial telescope , a room with long , narrow windows for the transit telescope , an office for calculations , and a residence for the astronomer .
equatorial guinea 's policies , as defined by law , comprise an open investment regime .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , nigeria , and sierra leone .
however , there is no regular shipping service to the rest of equatorial guinea , and ships call as infrequently as every few months .
an analemmatic sundial uses a vertical gnomon and its hour lines are the vertical projection of the hour lines of a circular equatorial sundial onto a flat plane .
the shape and position of this feature shifts rapidly , with the equatorial wind appearing as a series of wisp - like features that steepen , brighten , then fade as they move away from the pulsar into the main body of the nebula .
for example , amitabh pal of " the progressive " wrote that as rice specifically refrained from applying the term to such states as saudi arabia , equatorial guinea , and azerbaijan , it suggested that the administration had ulterior motives for its human rights pronouncements , which are " heavily subordinate to u.s. strategic and economic interests . "
the inclination of the orbit with respect to the plane of the equator is 25 degrees , providing excellent coverage of equatorial , tropical , and subtropical regions ( up to about 35 degrees of latitude ) around the world .
agriculture is the main economic activity in equatorial guinea , involving about 71 percent of the economically active population .
it is found in cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , and gabon .
charges in south africa of aiding a coup in a foreign country were dropped on 23 february 2007 , but the charges remained in equatorial guinea , where he had been convicted in absentia in november 2004 .
this thumba equatorial rocket launching station ( terls ) ultimately blossomed into various centres of the indian space research organisation ( isro ) .
french equatorial africa .
the angle between the earth 's equatorial plane and the ecliptic , formula_1 , is called the obliquity of the ecliptic and formula_2 .
j. maarten troost , " the sex lives of cannibals : adrift in the equatorial pacific " , broadway books , 2004 ( isbn 0 - 7679 - 1530 - 5 ) .
the whole country lies within the atlantic equatorial coastal forests ecoregion except for patches of central african mangroves on the coast , especially in the muni river estuary .
sonagas ( " sociedad nacional de gas de guinea ecuatorial " ) is the equatorial guinean national natural gas company .
at the equinoxes , when the sun is on the equatorial plane , the style is exactly in the center of the length of the rod .
inside is an refracting telescope on a german - type equatorial mount with a clockwork drive which will run for about 2 hours without rewinding , this has a facility to vary the drive rate .
it is found in burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , rwanda , tanzania , and uganda .
it is found in angola , cameroon , chad , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , ethiopia , guinea , kenya , liberia , madagascar , malawi , mozambique , namibia , nigeria , sierra leone , somalia , south africa , sudan , tanzania , uganda , zambia , zimbabwe , and possibly burundi .
he clearly understood that these forms had two positions for the hydrogens ( again , to use modern terminology , " axial " and " equatorial " ) , that two chairs would probably interconvert , and even how certain substituents might favor one of the chair forms .
quito is also known as " la cara de dios " ( " the face of god " ) for the beauty of its religious colonial art and architecture cloistered in the amazing equatorial andes landscape .
as can be seen on the model of cyclohexane , the trans configuration comes with a price : the only possible way to join the two six membered rings in " trans " relation will mean the second ring needs to start out of two equatorial bonds of the first ring .
when it finally captured torit , the capital city of eastern equatorial , it became apparent that it was only matter of weeks , it will also capture nimule .
afghanistan , albania , algeria , andorra , argentina , armenia , austria , azerbaijan , bahrain , bangladesh , barbados , belarus , belgium , benin , bhutan , bolivia , bosnia and herzegovina , botswana , brazil , brunei darussalam , bulgaria , burkina faso , burundi , cambodia , cameroon , central african republic , chad , chile , china , colombia , congo , costa rica , côte d’ivoire , croatia , cuba , cyprus , czech republic , democratic people ’s republic of korea , democratic republic of the congo , denmark , djibouti , dominican republic , ecuador , egypt , el salvador , equatorial guinea , eritrea , estonia , ethiopia , finland , france , gambia , ghana , greece , guatemala , guinea , guyana , haiti , holy see , honduras , hungary , iceland , india , indonesia , iran ( islamic republic of ) , iraq , ireland , jamaica , japan , jordan , kazakhstan , kenya , kuwait , kyrgystan , lao people ’s democratic republik , latvia , lebanon , lesotho , libyan arab jamahiriya , liechtenstein , lithuania , luxembourg , macedonia , madagascar , malawi , malaysia , maldives , mali , malta , mauritania , mauritius , mexico , monaco , montenegro , morocco , mozambique , myanmar , namibia , nepal , nicaragua , niger , nigeria , norway , oman , pakistan , panama , paraguay , peru , philippines , portugal , qatar , republic of korea , romania , russian federation , rwanda , samoa , saudi arabia , senegal , serbia , singapore , slovakia , slovenia , solomon islands , south africa , spain , sri lanka , sudan , surinam , swaziland , sweden , switzerland , syrian arab republic , thailand , timor - leste , togo , trinidad and tobago , tunisia , turkey , uganda , ukraine , united arab emirates , united kingdom of great - britain and northern ireland , united republic of tanzania , uruguay , uzbekistan , venezuela ( bolivarian republic of ) , viet nam , yemen , zambia , zimbabwe .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , liberia , nigeria , and sierra leone .
it is found in angola , benin , botswana , burkina faso , cameroon , central african republic , chad , comoros , the democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , ethiopia , gabon , gambia , ghana , guinea , kenya , liberia , madagascar , malawi , mozambique , namibia , nigeria , são tomé and príncipe , sierra leone , somalia , south africa , sudan , tanzania , togo , uganda , zambia , zimbabwe , and possibly burundi .
the most common of these is called the " geocentric equatorial inertial " ( gei ) coordinate system .
it is found in angola , burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , kenya , nigeria , rwanda , sudan , tanzania , and uganda .
the 19f nmr spectrum of sf4 reveals only one signal , which indicates that the axial and equatorial f atom positions rapidly interconvert via pseudorotation .
" see also : " history of equatorial guinea
it is found in angola , benin , burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , kenya , liberia , nigeria , rwanda , sierra leone , sudan , togo , and uganda .
nalder , l.f. ( 1936 ) equatorial province handbook .
the establishment of the thumba equatorial rocket launching station ( terls ) was the first of its kind in india .
benga people are an african ethnic group , members of the bantu group , who are indigenous to equatorial guinea and gabon .
it consists of two satellites : an equatorial satellite ( tc-1 ) and polar satellite ( tc-2 ) .
the climate is equatorial and is marked by two distinct seasons .
there are 66 species worldwide and 11 species which occur in equatorial guinea .
it is found in angola , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , equatorial guinea , gabon , ghana , guinea , liberia , mali , nigeria , sierra leone , togo , and uganda .
it is found in cameroon , equatorial guinea , and nigeria .
equatorial guinea has vast oil and gas reserves .
positive ( eastward ) anomalies in wind stress in the central pacific excite positive anomalies in 20°c isotherm depth which propagate to the east as equatorial kelvin waves .
another igbo kingdom to form was the arochukwu kingdom which emerged after the aro - ibibio wars from 1630 - 1720 , and went on to form the aro confederacy which dominated midwestern and eastern nigeria with pockets of influence in equatorial guinea and cameroon .
the white - fronted bee - eater , " merops bullockoides " , is a species of bee - eater widely distributed in sub - equatorial africa .
in 1985 , he was appointed an ambassador to equatorial guinea .
it is found in algeria , angola , benin , botswana , burkina faso , burundi , cameroon , chad , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , ivory coast , djibouti , equatorial guinea , eritrea , ethiopia , gabon , gambia , ghana , guinea , kenya , malawi , mali , morocco , mozambique , namibia , niger , nigeria , rwanda , senegal , sierra leone , somalia , south africa , sudan , swaziland , tanzania , togo , uganda , yemen , zambia , and zimbabwe .
equatorial mounts are often equipped with a clock drive for automatic tracking of objects across the sky .
the 1982 constitution of equatorial guinea , written with help from the un , gives obiang extensive powers , including naming and dismissing members of the cabinet , making laws by decree , dissolving the chamber of representatives , negotiating and ratifying treaties and calling legislative elections .
he has been the secretary - general of the convergence for social democracy ( cpds ) , an opposition political party in equatorial guinea , since 1994 .
it is found in burundi , cameroon , central african republic , republic of the congo , democratic republic of the congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , kenya , nigeria , rwanda , sudan , tanzania , and uganda .
however , the relative direction of the hydrogens to the ring remains the same : an " up " axial hydrogen , when flipped , remains an " up " equatorial hydrogen .
equatorial guinea women 's national football team .
the island 's monsoonal sub - equatorial climate is characterized by distinct rainy ( june to november ) and dry seasons ( december to may ) .
however , along the equatorial edge of the gyres , one finds a stagnant pool of water which has no direct connection to the ocean surface .
list of heads of government of equatorial guinea .
the nile equatorial lakes subsidiary action program ( nelsap ) “ is an investment program under the nile basin initiative ( nbi ) .
" kaimimoana " deploys , recovers , and services the national data buoy centers deep - sea moorings -- which measure ocean currents , ocean temperatures , and atmospheric variables -- in the equatorial pacific ocean and transmits buoy measurements in real time to noaa 's pacific marine environmental laboratory in seattle , washington .
the tree pangolin ( " manis tricuspis " ) is one of eight extant species of pangolin ( " scaly anteater " ) and is native to equatorial africa .
equatorial guinea received asians and black africans from other countries as workers on cocoa and coffee plantations .
equatorial guinea maintains an embassy in washington , d.c. , and has received approval for a consulate in houston , texas .
when not in use , the equatorial and meridian rings can be folded together into a small disk .
buranda 's location is a little ambiguous : where the novelisation places it in ghana , the actual episode ( on a news report ) suggests equatorial guinea , a former spanish colony .
mount biao is a mountain in equatorial guinea .
the 20th parallel south is a circle of latitude that is 20 degrees south of the earth 's equatorial plane .
angola , cameroon , central african republic , congo , democratic republic of congo , equatorial guinea , gabon , nigeria , rwanda and uganda .
