rafael uses a guardian deck , relying on monsters that can only be summoned by having an appropriate equip card on the field .
although the aircraft itself was successful its shvetsov ash-73tk engines were too unreliable for civilian use and were further needed to equip the tupolev tu-4 bomber so it was cancelled in 1948 .
these visits led to a decision to equip the line with the system used on the rübelandbahn , and using a maximum gradient of 125% .
gems girls ' clubs is a non - denominational , non - profit christian organization that seeks to equip women and girls to live radically faithful lives for christ .
the bl 5.5 inch gun was a british artillery gun introduced during the middle of the second world war to equip medium batteries .
in april 1643 bassett went to great lengths to raise over £ 900 to equip additional troops for the regrouped cornish royalist army which went on to victory at stratton the following month .
vocational training ( vt ) is provided in clontarf , and aims to equip young adults with disabilities to take responsibility for and have control over their own lives , and to set and achieve their own goals .
the college of flying training aims to equip the cadets with basic flying skills and a sound academic foundation , leading eventually to the award of a bsc degree from the university of peshawar .
most of these were committed to learning local languages , and training those workers with skills to equip them to live within the changing world .
as chairman of the wessex children 's hospice trust from 1992 to 1997 , the trust exceeded its target to raise £ 5 m to build , equip and run the first children ’s respite care hospice in central southern england .
however , he can not equip a shield and he suffers from low defense and weak attack strength .
some 300 examples were built under licence in poland by samolot and cwl , to equip the polish air force and aeroclubs .
the idea is to equip engineers not only with technical knowledge but at the same time provide a practical education for leading positions in industry .
flying the kc-135 stratotanker and assigned to fourth air force , the 459 aw 's mission is to recruit , train , equip , challenge , mentor and reward the men and women of the unit to provide safe , sustained , outstanding service to ourselves , our communities and nation .
he also brought 20,000 stand of arms to equip his english supporters .
the organizational structure will possess the resources and personnel to establish high standards of achievement , to foster respect and dignity for each individual , to offer varied learning opportunities , and to equip all students with the skills necessary to become productive , contributing members of the world community .
in 2004 , he achieved a second award in engineering category of the intel international science and engineering fair for his " total equip " , a robot for domestic security modelled after r2-d2 .
georgia train and equip program .
amid the effort to equip it properly , however , the church was struck by another calamity : on june 2 , 1875 , the building was struck by lightning , killing the priest valentin plemlj and starting a fire which destroyed the bell tower and roof .
he nevertheless declined the opportunity of a swift antarctic return as chief officer of " discovery 's " second relief ship " terra nova " , after helping to fit her out ; he also helped to equip " uruguay " , the ship being prepared for the relief of otto nordenskjold ’s expedition , stranded in the weddell sea .
businesses , social service agencies , the city of toronto , and other community interests are working together to expand outreach support to the homeless in the downtown yonge area , equip businesses with tools to deal with situations , and advocating for long term solutions .
along the trails there are places where you can stop and buy items like weapons and accessories to equip .
though sharmila had every reason and adequate support to enter films , she chose to equip herself with the right skills before she followed her childhood dream of acting .
major fire departments in the united states find it efficient to equip chief officers who respond to emergency incidents in sport utility vehicles ( suv ) .
the following year , the board authorized $ 40,000 to furnish and equip the building .
the need to summon widely - dispersed personnel , then equip and brief them , makes for a long lag between the initial emergency and actual swat deployment on the ground .
the students used to come from far - flung areas ( afghanistan , india ) to equip them with religious education .
in july 1940 the squadron moved to raf oban and began to re - equip with the consolidated catalina .
with a fee structure that amounts to a fraction of the fee charged by most private legal institutions in india , ulc continues to provide its students with the platform to equip themselves with knowledge they can apply to influence legal and social causes .
nvesd employs world class expertise in electro - optical electronic sensors , including thermal imagers , image intensifiers and lasers , to equip the warfighter with imaging devices that improve surveillance and targeting , safety , and lethality while providing a broad range of increased capabilities for soldiers , ground / airborne electro optics / infrared , force protection , and ied / mine and minefield detection .
when in doubt , save your game then equip the item .
the player can swap whoever leads the " fellowship " , equip other party members with a range of weapons and armour , distribute skills among the group , cast spells , and perform various skill - based actions .
in world war two , it was initially used for training bomber crews before , in august 1940 , being the first squadron to equip with the new short stirling heavy bomber , the first raf squadron to operate four engined bombers during the second world war , flying the first bombing raids with the stirling against oil storage tanks near rotterdam on the night of 10/11 february 1941 .
russian heavy industry was still too small to equip the massive armies the tsar could raise and her reserves of munitions were pitifully small .
when he is being transported in a wagon by a father and a daughter in east europe , rasputin escapes , causing the local population to equip themselves with firearms and begin hunting for this beast .
gunter 's original intention had been to equip the he 177 with three cockpit - controlled remote gun turrets , with two of them intended to come from the junkers ju 288 program , and only a single manned position in the tail .
to equip the new force the colonial government initially ordered two gunboats and a torpedo boat .
on 6 june 1937 the project was considered by the " conseil supérieur de la guerre " as a possible battle tank to equip the future " divisions cuirassées " , the armoured divisions of the infantry .
4 ) the elementeita health centre needs assistance to complete the construction which del started and to equip it .
. born at the wolong giant panda research center in the sichuan province , xiang xiang endured a three year training regimen intended to equip him with the skills necessary to survive in the wild .
the education reform act 1988 introduced a new compulsory subject of technology , but there were insufficient funds to equip all schools to teach the subject .
the french used this weapon to equip the artillery batteries of the 4th moroccan mountain division during 1944 and 1945 .
the first trials occurred in 1991 , and the missile was commissioned in 1996 to equip the rafale and mirage 2000 .
the qf 12 pounder 18 cwt gun was a 3 inch high - velocity naval gun used to equip larger british warships such as battleships for defence against torpedo boats .
two years later , colorado county hanged several slaves and drove one white man and several mexicans from the area after uncovering a plot to equip 200 slaves with pistols and knives so they could escape into mexico .
hydro - québec announced in early 2009 at the montreal international auto show that its engine had been chosen by tata motors to equip a demonstration version of its indica model , which will be road tested in norway .
the us air force was developing the aim-82 missile to equip the f-15 eagle at the same time .
students may team up and equip themselves with whatever gear they can carry , but are otherwise completely on their own .
their residential colleges and secondary day - schools equip the students for responsible positions in life .
notably , in " final fantasy xi " a player can equip a secondary job , called a subjob , and have half the abilities of another class that way .
the first operational strategic air command gam-77 hound dog a missile , " 59 - 2794 " , arrived at eglin afb in december 1959 to equip the 4135th strategic wing , operating b-52 g stratofortresses out of the base .
the bscs program is designed to equip the student with knowledge of the fundamental concepts and a reasonable mastery of the basic tools and techniques in computer science .
it required a thousand slaves to equip merely the galleys of the order .
completing the game 100% will unlock a complete scientist costume for players to equip their home avatars with .
the vision of the hebrew academy is to inspire and equip students to achieve their greatest potential academically and spiritually by focuing on their individual attributes and instilling eternal torah values in a changing world .
in may 1940 , the were used to re - equip no .
it is one of several projects launched by turkey 's armed forces and military industry to equip the turkish army 's t-129 , ah-1p cobra and ah-1 supercobra attack helicopters with indigenous weapons capabilities .
the primary goal of the school is to equip latin - americans to establish christian community among unreached people groups .
the multi - national security transition command ( mnstc ) , is a u.s. military organisation tasked to train , mentor , and equip all iraqi civilian security forces .
these problems influenced the british to equip ships with muzzle - loading weapons of increasing power until the 1880s .
players are able to equip a style to a character , and each style gives that character increases in stats .
it is the goal of csm to equip students to positively shape the future of their families , community , and nation .
one of the goals of the meadow ridge pto is to equip every classroom with a document camera .
on march 26 , 2009 , amc entertainment announced that it will equip 1,500 of its screens with real d projectors in the months ahead .
hence , sts advocates called for reforms in science education that would equip students to understand scientific developments in their cultural , economic , political and social contexts .
nearly 600 lincolns were built to equip 29 raf squadrons , mainly based in the united kingdom .
in november 1944 ii./jg 3 was separated from the " geschwader " in order to re - equip with the me 262 jet fighter and become part of the first jet fighter " geschwader " , " jagdgeschwader " 7 .
wagonloads of rifles had been sent to the commonwealth to equip the anticipated recruits , but although confederate sympathies were high , willing volunteers were not , and many of the rifles remained on the wagons .
the dh.56 hyena was developed to met the requirements of 24 for an army co - operation aircraft to equip britain 's royal air force .
versions of mk 6 were manufactured in the united states by midvale steel and ordnance co , nicetown , pa. during world war i , initially supplied to britain and then used to equip us forces when it entered the war .
an estimated $ 50,000 was needed to erase the debt and equip pci for college work .
concerns about breaching the terms under which the vought f4u corsairs were supplied resulted in plans to re - equip the unit with supermarine spitfire mk xivs , but the united states waived these conditions , allowing 14 squadron to take the corsairs to japan , where the squadron remained until november 1948 .
he helped recruit and equip a company of cavalry in mid-1861 while still a state senator .
almost immediately local daimyo started to equip their ashigaru with the new weapon that required little training to use proficiently , as compared to the japanese longbow which took many years to learn .
as such these manportable weapons could be used to equip infantry units with their own anti - tank and anti - aircraft weapons .
the player must re - equip the recovered weapons .
each character can equip up to four ex gems of varying strengths ; each gem can be set to a specific ability , from strengthening stats to providing out - of - battle bonuses .
towards these efforts he attempted to organize a group travel overland to that region in 1828 , but the expedition was unable to equip itself .
today , they are the directors of equip & empower and oversee offices in sydney and los angeles .
as there was an insufficient budget to equip even a limited part of the infantry with fully tracked vehicles this plan was abandoned , but renault on 20 march 1933 received an order from the stmac ( " section technique des matériels automobiles de combat " ) to develop a prototype of a different design discussed with weygand : a command vehicle corresponding to the specifications of 9 january 1931 for a so - called " type m " .
the general dynamics rim-24 tartar was a medium - range naval surface - to - air missile ( sam ) , and was among the earliest surface - to - air missiles to equip united states navy ships .
the purpose of his ministry is the biblical mandate of as well as a commitment to equip future leaders and work in relationship with current leaders to prepare and strengthen the church for the last days .
the puma , inaugurated the 21 of june of 2002 , is an ample space with about 250 a thousand m2 ( 250,000 m2 ) withheld by the sporting club of portugal close to alcochete for development of youth football and training facilities and equip soccer professionals .
later that month aircrew and ground staff from the squadron departed for britain to be trained on the short sunderland aircraft which had been acquired to equip the squadron .
the south hall was built in 1870 to house the students and teachers at a total cost of $ 36,000 and the total cost to build and equip the academy was $ 103,000 , which was subsidized by the fairbanks .
despite having local arms factories , until 1944 bulgaria relied mostly on imports to equip its military .
the intention is to equip the soldier ( see picture
it was originally designed to equip the su-100 tank destroyer as the d-10s ( for " sаmokhodnaya " , ' self - propelled ' ) , and was later mounted on the post - war t-54 main battle tank as the d-10 t ( for " tankovaya " , ' tank ' adj . ) .
in may 1818 , he signed a contract with the patriot government to recruit and equip a british force of 1,000 men , in return for which he was promised £ 50 per head and a general 's commission .
it was obvious that the piston - engine thunderbolts would be no match for soviet jet fighters , and on january 1950 the 86th fighter wing was told it would re - equip with f-84e thunderjets for the fighter - bomber mission .
the digital screen network ( set up in 2005 by the uk film council and the arts council england ) - a £ 12 million investment to equip 240 screens in 210 cinemas across the uk with digital projection technology to give uk audiences much greater choice .
a parament or parement ; ( from late latin " paramentum " , adornment , " parare " , to prepare , equip ) , a term applied by ancient writers to the hangings or ornaments of a room of state .
the participants underscored the point that the major challenge of the " information highway " would lie in access or the " gap between those who will have access to it because they can afford to equip themselves with the latest electronic devices and those who ca n't . "
about 1759 , pascal paoli , who often came to balagne , decided to equip corsica with a port in the north west of the island to try to cut the sea traffic between genoa and calvi .
a proposal to re - equip the aircraft with mikulin am-35 engines of 933 kw ( 1,250 hp ) was not implemented .
he was active in recruiting militia and in efforts to equip and arm them .
on july 20 , 2007 , reported that the first fifteen namers will be delivered in 2008 , and over a hundred more will finally equip two combat brigades .
the school provides for the needs of the of students from the religious minorities and has separate classes for non - muslims and muslims in order to equip them with knowledge of their respective religions .
it is believed that one of " erebus guns was used to equip hms " vanguard " , the royal navy 's last battleship .
to equip godly leaders to serve jesus christ effectively in a changing world by providing theological education , personal mentoring , and ministry training in partnership with the local church . ”
the university is an evangelically conservative , private , non - profit , international institution of higher learning whose mission is to equip men and women to apply biblically based classroom learning to their ministries .
hamilton gault personally offered $ 100,000 ( approximately two million dollars c. 2006 ) to finance and equip a battalion as a contribution to canada 's war effort .
the classical school of the medes ( csm ) seeks to equip students with age - appropriate skills , knowledge , and virtues .
third air force , headquartered at ramstein air base germany , plans combat and humanitarian operations in the usafe area of responsibility and conducts day - to - day operations for usafe and european command to organize , train and equip airmen for the functions they could be called upon to accomplish around the world .
they merged with raduga in 1967 , so raduga was given the contract in the early 1970s to develop a solid - fuel successor to the kh-28 to equip the new su-24 m ' fencer - d ' attack aircraft .
promises to equip ivanhoe ( whom he recognises as a knight ) with a horse and armour , and ivanhoe in turn promises that , if they fly cedric 's hall directly , isaac will be safe with him .
exports of kar 98ks decreased as war drew closer , as all available production capacity was needed to equip the german armed forces .
whilst badge - changing ceremonies were performed and hats and uniforms supplied , it proved impractical to fully re - equip in the field .
despite the fact that the fcc put an indefinite " freeze " on all television licenses due to the excess amount of applications for one , they granted lawrence one on the condition they could raise enough money to equip and operate the station .
the first british aircraft were delivered in late 1941 to equip operational training units .
the majority of the 12th few 's personnel and equip were deployed to raf manston , england by 21 july .
there are over a thousand skills in the game that can be acquired by the character over time , but players may only use and equip up to 8 of them at any one time .
however , the cost required to acquire , construct and equip such fields for public use would prove too costly for the king george ’s fields foundation ( kgff ) alone .
not long afterward he secured university of wisconsin funding to rent and equip an off - campus glass department in madison .
shortly after as the remaining people at spirit soaring equip themselves with magical weapons of the cathedral 's collection , their patrols begin to report heavier losses as magic begins to fail completely .
it was decided to equip her with 9-inch and 8-inch muzzle loaders , as against 9-inch and 7-inch in her sisters .
a trend began in the 1940s in the united states to equip the kitchen with electrified small and large kitchen appliances such as blenders , toasters , and later also microwave ovens .
to equip a p - manifold locally with a set
equip 1 1 0 0 0 435
corps - uses one - handed weapons and spears , can equip shields .
the captured french captain was called upon to give evidence , and reported that nielly was empowered to ' condemn , arm , fit - out , and equip , all such prizes as he might think calculated for the service of the french republic . '
on the civilian side he worked in various managerial level positions in bosnia with the department of states train and equip program for the federation of bosnia - herzegovina army , and afterward with the organization for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) mission in bosnia .
" the forsyte saga " was the last major british drama serial to be made in black - and - white , even though the bbc was beginning to equip for full - time colour transmission .
military sealift fleet support command , or msfsc , is a subordinate command of military sealift command and is a single type commander execution command having worldwide responsibility to crew , train , equip and maintain msc government - owned , government - operated ships .
of course it offers the traditional academic subjects but , in addition to this , it also offers vocational and work related courses that can prepare and equip it 's students with the knowledge , skills and abilities for their chosen careers .
originally founded in 1986 - timothy training institute 's vision has remained the same - to equip church leaders with thorough biblical knowledge , to enable them to effectively lead and serve their communities .
if the total purchase reaches the planned 232 aircraft the typhoon will equip seven front - line squadrons as well as the operational conversion unit ( ocu ) and the operational evaluation unit ( oeu ) .
in the first charge , flores was killed and his company fled , abandoning a supply train intended to equip the indians of east texas for a revolt against the texians .
each of these games shares some or all of attributes such as action point and morale systems , " line of sight " and " fog of war " , overwatch ( or " opportunity fire " ) and the ability to equip your squad from a selection of ballistic , energy , grenade and hand - to - hand combat weapons .
the stated purpose of royal rangers is to " evangelize , equip , and empower the next generation of christlike men and lifelong servant leaders . "
beneficiaries who live in earthquake zones also receive awareness and preparedness training to equip them with the skills and knowledge to survive future disasters .
subsequently , new century school is dedicated in providing quality education , embodying a philosophy of critical and creative thinking and designed to equip each graduate with the knowledge and skills needed to be a productive citizen . "
it had also been intended to equip the am 39 armoured car ( the gendron - somua ) . and
more investment and cultivation of talented people will equip hong kong with the diversity and long - term creative industry development .
in the course of its history the mpa degree has become more interdisciplinary by drawing from fields such as economics , sociology , anthropology , political science , and regional planning in order to equip mpa graduates with skills and knowledge covering a broad range of topics and disciplines relevant to the public sector .
the development goal of the tist program is to empower and equip subsistence farmers to restore their natural environment , increase soil fertility , create jobs , strengthen the local community , and move from famine to surplus .
walker ’s immediate role was to train and equip the irregular ferret force .
the recommended strategy is to equip paraprofessionals and families with the skills needed for the early identification of disabilities and intervention with infants and young children .
in particular , many problems caused the french high command to re - evaluate standard procedures , revise its command structures , re - equip the army , and develop different tactical approaches .
at the start of world war ii , british production of steel plate was inadequate to equip the merchant navy with armour that would stop the armour piercing bullets from german war planes .
consultants better equip themselves for serving producers , which further broadens application ; and
devices : units such as engineers can equip devices .
to do this , the u.s. aimed to train and equip iraq 's security forces and gradually transition security responsibilities to them .
in late october , the squadron returned to the united kingdom in order to re - equip with the sopwith camel .
the foundation provides youth with the environment needed to equip them with the skills , training and resources necessary to compete successfully in society through the student training opportunity program ( stop ) .
also , modern militaries usually do not equip their forces with the best armour available , since it would be prohibitively expensive .
in addition , bi - monthly stakeholder meetings equip participants with knowledge on recent innovative it technologies and create the forum for our clients and the public to effectively discuss cutting - edge issues on ict .
large scale orders had already been placed by this time , however , with the united kingdom ordering 750 aircraft as the brewster bermuda and the netherlands ordering a further 162 to equip the royal netherlands east indies army air force .
they do not require taking active locomotives out of service to equip them with the remote control capability ; instead , this can be added when the locomotive is next scheduled for a normal overhaul .
in the 1990s , it was decided that rather than re - equip lots road , it would continue to operate until the machinery 's life was expired .
the first vgs to equip with these was 618 vgs at raf west malling .
dr. george hunsinger of princeton theological seminary convened the conference to better equip the multiple religious communities to take a more prominent role in the effort to end u.s .- sponsored torture .
in one particular episode related in the tale of the heike , kajiwara suggests , during the battle of yashima , that yoshitsune equip the minamoto ships with " reverse oars " should they need to retreat quickly .
cagan was one of the first to establish the georgia train and equip program ( gtep ) , which has allegedly improved the process of development in georgia ’s professional army .
mercenaries can equip and carry various items in their inventory .
the bendix rim-8 talos was a long - range naval surface - to - air missile , and was among the earliest surface - to - air missiles to equip united states navy ships .
hughes delivered enough awg-9 systems and spares to equip approximately 600 f-14a / b aircraft for the navy , and an additional 78 aircraft for the iranian air force .
but as pcs penetrated the home market in the late 1980s , a thriving industry arose to equip pcs to take advantage of the latest sound , graphics and animation technologies .
during the soviet war in afghanistan , reagan deployed cia special activities division paramilitary officers to train , equip and lead the mujihadeen forces against the red army .
he saw the need to equip this system with its own dedicated vehicles , organizations , facilities , and personnel .
mass - produced uniforms are a good way to equip thousands of soldiers quickly and efficiently .
ntt was one of the first 3 traction cities to obtain birney safety cars , the first city to fully equip a line with birney cars and a member of the presidents ' conference committee , which produced the pcc streetcar ( although pccs did not see service in fort worth until the advent of the tandy center subway ) .
by july , seven yb-29s had been delivered to the usaaf and were used to equip new training squadrons of the 472d bombardment group , the first operational group of the 58th bomb wing .
in 1711 , a foundry was established on the left bank of neva river in saint petersburg in order to equip the russian army for the great northern war .
while calling for ending the war in iraq , clinton 's indicated in july 2007 that she advocates keeping a reduced number of u.s. troops in iraq for the foreseeable future , stating " we can not lose sight of our very real strategic national interests in this region . " in the speech , she posited redeploying u.s. forces to protect the kurdish region in the north , to engage in targeted operations against al - qaeda in iraq , and to train and equip iraqi forces .
in april , 1946 the n&w ordered sufficient passenger cars to re - equip the " powhattan arrow " completely and the " pocohontas " partially .
it is also intended to equip the forthcoming type 45 destroyers .
the greeks constantly beat back the persians , and xerxes begins to consider withdrawing to sardis until he can equip a larger force at a later date .
he raised a company of fellow mississippians for service , however the state was unable to arm and equip them , so vaughan led them north to moscow , tennessee .
known as the father of the studio glass movement , harvey littleton had introduced glass as a medium for the studio artist in two workshops that he organized on the grounds the toledo museum of art in 1962.that fall , littleton began teaching glass in a garage at his rural wisconsin home and later secured university of wisconsin funding to rent and equip an off - campus glass department in madison .
every soldier rushed to his unit 's armory to equip themselves .
upon his arrival in at the university of nebraska , he worked vigorously to equip his department and to start populating the university museum .
to achieve this goal , johnson has hosted several youth - oriented community events designed to empower and equip young adults for future success .
on 25 september several more tiger tanks and panzer iii tanks arrived and were used to completely equip the 1st company .
the current mission of the headquarters , 251ccg is to command , organize , equip , train and administer assigned and attached forces to ensure readiness in order to provide command communications and engineering and installation services to support emergency usaf requirements and to provide a staff element for management of communications and electronics ( c - e ) personnel when deployed in support of air force taskings .
" tonics " are passive plasmids and require no eve to gain their benefit ; the player can only equip a limited number of plasmids and tonics at any time .
teachers must equip their classrooms in order to create an environment that welcomes all children and their families .
according to soden , the hardest part of the restoration was to equip the building with air conditioning , fire services and lighting without affecting the overall appearance of the building .
in 2005 , roc military police ordered 12,069 t91 combat rifles to equip garrison units in the taipei capital region .
since its establishment in the st. louis area , the equip your neighbor partnership has expanded to cleveland , ohio .
airline companies will have to equip the aircraft with picocells and apply for licences .
the player can equip neku and his partner with clothing that can alter the light puck 's speed .
in the early 1980s , the federal government committed to purchasing the cf-188 hornet as a replacement for the cf-101 voodoo , with the first units beginning to re - equip in 1984 .
the school aims at providing quality education to the bangladeshi youths by adopting modern method of instruction in order to equip them with the knowledge and skills and also to enable them to play a constructive role in the society .
to equip dyslexic pupils with key skills in literacy and numeracy , within a broad , balanced and suitably differentiated national curriculum
since the historic camp david accords , egypt has actively sought to re - equip its military with western weapons .
according to morga 's account , governor francisco de tello de guzmán and the audiencia appointed morga to go to cavite and assemble , equip and supply a fleet to attack the dutch ( october 31 , 1600 ) .
however , during construction , it was decided to equip half of the class with 5,000 gallon 8-wheeled tenders necessary for the longer west of england routes and to allocate them to nine elms depot .
our nation 's capacity to conduct sfa supports future strategies through fully integrated capabilities to organize , train , equip , rebuild , and advise ( otera ) foreign security forces and their supporting institutions .
concurrently , the curatorial staff undertook the quest for relevant artifacts to furnish and equip the renewed buildings .
after the land successes in sicily such as the conquest of agrigentum , the romans felt confident enough to build and equip a fleet that would allow them to control the mediterranean sea .
it took £ 1,500,000 and until 1903 to rebuild and re - equip the rest of the then 140 mile network , and to receive delivery of the full set of new tram cars ( mainly double - deck but with some single decks ( known as california cars)--mainly used on the l - shaped route 53 - -were also ordered ) , but on 13 april that year , horses pulled their last trams within manchester .
in 1947 , the snyder fire department was the first department in the town of amherst to provide a chief 's vehicle to the chief of department , and the first department in erie county to equip all of the vehicles and firefighters with radios and home receivers .
nat puffer designed the aircraft as a high speed cross - country vfr aircraft , although many builders equip their planes with ifr capabilities .
when in battle , he entered equip mode , readying himself and placing a data - gathering lens over his right eye ( the data being displayed with the shout of " library " ) .
rambhai b. patel also contributed to build and equip the operating theater for the hospital .
the main focus of this camp , as opposed to the idc , is to equip final year undergraduates , recent graduates , or those who have recently joined the workforce , with the essential soft skills ; these include : career goal setting , resume writing , interview skills and professional grooming .
dr. youssef founded the church with the theme " equip the saints and seek the lost " .
in 1937 , new zealand acquired 29 of the best condition baffins from the uk to equip territorial air force ( reserve ) squadrons in auckland , wellington and christchurch .
originally , the g 31 had been intended to equip junkers ' own airline , junkers luftverkehr , but this venture was merged into " lufthansa " in 1926 , and the new airline purchased only eight g 31s .
in between battles , characters can access their characters to equip them , change classes , train them , depending on the game .
queen victoria agreed to the proposal on 2 september 1862 and gave permission to equip the vessels and hire crews .
skyways continued trading under the " skyways of london " name until 1964 , when euravia adopted the britannia airways name for all operations following its decision to re - equip its entire fleet with bristol 175 britannia turboprops .
the government aims to provide 10% of government and commercial services via the internet by end-2008 and to equip every school with computers and internet connections by the same date .
it will be installed from 2008 , the objective being to equip the entire network by 2013 .
hart jump - started the cia 's efforts to equip the afghani resistance with weapons and supplies to allow them to mount an effective campaign during the soviets , known as operation cyclone .
infantry was made up of peasants ( one of five men of royal villages : four remaining in the village had to equip and arm the fifth ) .
general j.f.c. fuller considered switching the budget for the development of the medium d to a further production of medium c 's so as to fully equip all peace time tank battalions with this better tank , but decided against it .
the saaf has not yet publicly announced which bvr missile will be procured to equip the 26 saab jas 39 gripens which have replaced the cheetahs .
in the organize phase , the player may re - allocate troops between castles , re - allocate monsters between troops , summon new monsters , equip and use items , change rune knights ' classes and promote monsters . the player may also send rune knights to quests .
however there were not sufficient numbers of bf 109 aircraft to equip the formation and so they ' borrowed ' aircraft from ii./jg 11 ( at rheine ) and iii./jg 11 ( at oldenburg ) , with the bf 109s of jg 11 operated by day and then by jg 300 by night .
in 1896 it was decided to equip artillery and other rear area troops with rifles .
he built the whole hull of the " tamamushi model " and planned to equip it with a 12 hp gasoline engine .
yenko decided to equip his acquired models with the chevrolet 427 cid v8 .
in early january , 1943 , 16 giap was sent to 25 zap near the iranian border , to re - equip with new aircraft , and also to receive new pilots .
the community at large needed more resources to educate , unite , and equip the general body of taiwanese americans across the united states .
as a part of gripen procurement program , royal thai air force will order air - launch version , rbs-15f to equip on gripen .
to access cyberspace , a player must equip one of two " cyberdeck " implants and find a jack - in point , or jip ( a sort of brain - computer interface ) .
a batch of shaheen i missiles , enough to equip one regiment / battery , was handed over to the pakistan army in 2003 along with mobile launchers .
soldiers outside equip these items .
when wyndham learned from magnus that wundagore mountain , on which his advanced genetics research citadel was based , was the prison of chthon , he decided to train his creations in chivalry and battle tactics and equip them with advanced weaponry and armor .
it was blohm & voss ' entry into the contest to equip the re - forming " luftwaffe " with their first purpose - built dive bomber .
" to evangelize the world for jesus christ ; to equip every believer to become true disciples of christ ; and to engage those social problems that challenge the communities we have been called to serve . "
what 's different is that the final reward is the ice orb , which is n't an equip item .
dare ( uk ) aims to develop and deliver a range of educational resources to help children and young people acquire and use the knowledge , understanding and skills that equip them to live safe , healthy and productive lives in a world where drugs are commonplace .
this is a tertiary institution based officer commissioning program to equip students as officer cadets with military knowledge and understanding for service as commissioned officers in the reserve components of the various branches of the malaysian armed forces .
when war broke out , eppes enlisted in the 3rd virginia cavalry and helped equip the unit .
since then , the museum has painstakingly attempted to equip it as a complete locomotive shed again .
in june 1948 , transitioned to the first - generation f-84c thunderjet , receiving enough to equip the 58th fs before the 33d fighter wing was reassigned to the air defense command first air force on 1 dec 1948 .
the kl-7.62 is an unlicensed , reverse - engineered copy of the chinese type 56 rifles which iran purchased from the chinese government in enormous numbers to equip its forces in the iran – iraq war .
the new armament supply still was n't enough to fully equip the planes , so the production models only carried four guns .
indian leadership decided not to directly " intervene " , but chose to get " involved " : eastern command took over responsibility for east pakistan operations on april 29 , and on may 15 launched operation jackpot , a full fledged operation to arm , train , equip , supply and advice the mukti bahini fighters engaged in guerrilla warfare against the pakistan armed forces .
the school began a development appeal to raise a further £ 475,000 in order to equip the centre with the latest fitness machines and recording studio .
in 2002 , the usa started the georgia train and equip program to arm and train the georgian military , and , in 2005 , a georgia sustainment and stability operations program to broaden capabilities of the georgian armed forces .
he laboured to levy armies and equip fleets .
all of our programs and activities are biblically integrated , providing a spiritual foundation from which to disciple and equip our students for life .
" organize , train , equip , deploy , and command and control medical forces in support of global contingencies .
the tools of the trivium equip the student for a lifetime of self - education .
as a function on the whole manifold ( and not just a local formula ) , one must equip the symplectic manifold with a flat symplectic connection .
the sole operator , ii.(schl)/lg 2 went back to germany to re - equip with the messerschmitt bf 109e fighter bomber ( " jabo " ) variant .
on the recommendation of the natural resources division of the british high commission in bangladesh , the british oversees development agency ( oda , at present called department for international development ) committed to act as a donor for the construction of a permanent herbarium in the mirpur botanical garden , to provide training facilities to scientists and to equip the herbarium with laboratories and library .
our desire is to equip these young people with a christian world and life view , which will prepare them academically , socially , physically , and emotionally to live out their faith as servant leaders in every area of society . "
hitler has gained vastly increased resources to equip him for further aggression .
singapore consulted international experts from west germany and israel to train their armed forces and equip them .
to prepare those children both for their future education and to equip them with the skills for life in society .
each character can equip up to five items before each battle , which will affect their attributes or give them additional abilities .
the squadron was withdrawn to japan in april 1951 to re - equip with gloster meteor jet fighters and returned to action with these new aircraft in july .
trinity theological college ( ttc ) , located in singapore , was founded in 1948 to provide balanced and holistic theological training to equip men and women for christian ministry .
a short side - mission is arranged to equip the player with the powerful tesla cannon , after which they move on the enclave 's massive mobile crawler base .
as a result of these shortcomings , a number of new anti - tank weapons had to be developed to equip the british army and the home guard with the means to repel german armoured vehicles .
as a magic - using class , summoners are typically shown to be physically frail as a trade - off for high magical potency , and can traditionally equip only light armaments such as clothing and robes .
the squadron ceased operations early in september and withdrew to north africa to re - equip with the spitfire ix in its clipped - wing form .
the mission of the 361st isr group is to train , equip , and present over 250 airmen to provide specialized sof isr forces for worldwide employment .
in june 2007 , lockheed martin announced that the company has been awarded a contract to equip several f-15 eagles with synthetic aperture radar pods .
it is generally possible to equip any kind of vehicle with an electric powertrain .
