she is most well known for her jewellery based on eroticism and sexual ceremony .
richard lindner is one of the famous painters of the 20th century."the artistic universe of richard lindner is unique : he is highly genuine , he is full of urban energy , and he is driven by weird eroticism ...
the beauty of wilde ’s words shine through the eroticism like the jewels in herod ’s secret chamber .
set in barcelona , this is an ironic film that mixes catalan linguistic policies , nationalism and eroticism with a pattern of double identity .
kakar also argued that culturally relative concepts of eroticism and gender have contributed to the western difficulty in comprehending ramakrishna .
elijah moshinsky based the fairies in the play on the baroque eroticism of rembrandt and peter paul rubens .
however , japanese journalist akihiro otani suspected that the crimes were committed by a figure moe zoku , the amount and degree of social hostility against otaku seemed to increase noticeably for a while , as suggested by increased targeting of otaku by law enforcement as being possible suspects for sex crimes , as well as by calls from many persons in local governments for stricter laws controlling the depiction of eroticism in materials which catered to otaku , for example , in erotic manga and in erotic videogames .
he continues , “ bel - imperia 's lead in these stichomythic courtesies , taking horatio in her embrace , accords with the eroticism of the metaphor of a vine entwined around an elm ” .
he began his career by painting landscapes , but his work turned towards a fetishistic eroticism early on .
her works are often characterised by a strong sense of melancholy , and a not very subtle eroticism .
like its predecessor garment , the corset , the girdle attracts a degree of eroticism .
although it is tempting to call this piece a tone poem , there is very little musical literalism in the piece ; instead , the languorous melody and shimmering orchestration as a whole evoke the eroticism of mallarmé 's poem .
most of her works are untitled , enhancing the effect of alienation , while retaining a strong element of eroticism .
author suzana danuta walters represents the eroticism in bannon 's books as a form of rebellion .
he differs from scalia by agreeing with both the plurality and the dissent that , because the state of nudity can enhance the expressive eroticism of a dance , nude dancing must be afforded some constitutional protection .
her work is now highly regarded , incorporating themes of eroticism , surrealism and proto - feminism , and she ranks among a small number of latin american female authors whose works received worldwide acclaim .
he portrayed its culture as morally corrupting and suffused with dangerously alluring eroticism .
this image drew particular attention both for its " archaic eroticism " and her visible clitoris .
in contrast , a " denver post " review of " danse macabre " took a more positive view of the eroticism in hamilton 's work .
the theme of the festival is the carnival combined with light eroticism .
" luscious : stories of anal eroticism " , cleis press , 2006 , isbn 1573442305
the erotic museum of barcelona is the first museum of erotic art and culture where the visitor can contemplate the development of eroticism through the various artistic and cultural facets of the human being .
in contrast to some lesbian novels of the time , such as rita mae brown 's rubyfruit jungle ( also , incidentally , published by daughters ) , which used a prototypical bildungsroman technique with a lesbian placed squarely at the center , " lover " reflects complex notions of radical lesbian philosophy , community , family structure , and eroticism by using highly inventive , often fantastical storytelling techniques .
the film is about a director named françois who embarks on a film project about female eroticism .
his work is characterized by fantastic visuals , capricious and sensuous line flow , flamboyant ( and occasionally grotesque ) eroticism , and frequent use of collage and bright colors .
naturism can sometimes contain aspects of eroticism , although the debate about this is often simplified and seen negatively in the media and the public mind and by many modern naturists and naturist organisations .
in contrast , his works sometimes include a romanticism which combines eroticism and waggery with more erudite influences such as petrarch .
his poetic style combines simplicity and elegance in exploring themes of love , eroticism , feminism , religion , and arab nationalism .
they will establish a full relationship based on sensuality and eroticism .
in the years since the end of world war ii , eroticism had been gradually making its way into japanese cinema .
the lesbian eroticism of " evohé " ( 1971 ) caused a scandal when first released .
weekly paper for lifestyle and eroticism " ) , which bettauer launched in 1924 together with r. olden ; it was closed down after five numbers .
the novel is also characterized by an atmosphere of unrestrained eroticism , which may well be related to pornographic cinema , another industry of los angeles .
volumes 2 and 3 extend the argument to eroticism and sovereignty , respectively .
many of mircea eliade 's literary works , in particular his earliest ones , are noted for their eroticism and their focus on subjective experience .
for visionary daring , swooning eroticism and colors that pop like a whore 's lip gloss , there 's nothing like this baby anywhere . "
the fight between alena johnson and sabine sun in " the war goddess " , otherwise referred to as " the amazons " is a classic example of the eroticism involved in movie catfights .
in scenes of lyric eroticism , while the major powers prepare for war , the terrors of unlimited passion emerge .
she has also published a literary biography of aphra behn , and " the erotic world of faery " a book - length study of eroticism in faery fantasy literature .
' revealing and concealing : notes and observations on eroticism and female pubic hair’ , in hair styling , cultur and fashion , eds geraldine biddle - perry & sarah cheang , berg , 2008 .
the opinions authored by the judges on the seventh circuit 's panel accepted the argument that the statute in question unduly infringed on freedom of expression ; in this case , the message of " eroticism and sexuality " that the dancers were meant to convey .
many of tanizaki 's works are highly sensual , a few particularly centered on eroticism , and virtually all are laced with wit and ironic sophistication .
she can play — no , she can be — a creature of mute docility , then searching ardor , then explosive eroticism , then murderous intent .
many people wrote her letters , to ask for advice on sexuality and eroticism . "
beyond these basic tenets of eroticism , and of purposefully unequal roles within an activity or an interpersonal relationship , there is almost nothing which universally unites all the disparate subcultures which are grouped under the umbrella term bdsm .
the privately printed letters to walter berry have long been celebrated for their lightly veiled eroticism .
thematically his work was a study in contrasts as well — between good and evil , life and death , love and hate , sanity and madness , eroticism and chastity .
eroticism was the main subject of his works , but he was also interested in social denounces and critics about illiteracy and caciquism with peasants in spain and specially in the extremadura of his times in particular .
in 1923 his first volume of verse , " crepusculario " ( " book of twilights " ) , was published , followed the next year by " veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada " ( " twenty love poems and a song of despair " ) , a collection of love poems that was controversial for its eroticism , especially considering its author 's young age .
though a " kavya " written in the classical style , with the conventional eighteen descriptions , the work delves into aspects of eroticism in its treatment of the romances .
his works combined elements of eroticism and social critique to produce a style often called magic realism .
this role " suggests a complex set of associations including the role of entertainer , the love of exotic foods and perfumes , male gender variance , and same - sex eroticism " .
hofmannswaldau 's style of poetry came to be known as " galant " and is marked by extravagant metaphors , skillful use of rhetoric and unashamed eroticism .
her body substitutes for the christmas tree and all of its religious symbolism , offering eroticism in place of religious ecstasy .
for example , conner and sparks argue that the goddess of fire , love and sexuality , arani , has been linked to lesbian eroticism via rituals in her honor : for example two pieces of wood perceived as feminine , called the " adhararani " and " utararani " , are rubbed together , simulating a spiritual lesbian interaction .
pinafore eroticism .
the connection between death and eroticism is probably ancient in scandinavia , and to this testify numerous " white stones " , great phallic stones that were raised on the barrows .
his passionate writings and descriptions of amputation surgery attracted the attention of writers and scholars interested in the aesthetics of eroticism .
the eroticism approaches other times the violence and the blood , like with valle - inclán and rodríguez larreta ; " the glory of don ramiro " is perhaps the most extreme culmination of such associations , that in poetry were registered in unforgettable verses of rubén darío .
eroticism .
according to the urban legends reference pages ( snopes ) inserting items into the rectum for purposes of auto - eroticism is practiced by people regardless of sexuality .
the subject matter of her poetry has ranged from political strife to eroticism .
on the eroticism of the novel .
he said " they had charm , aggression , and ... if not exactly eroticism , then something a little bit dangerous and exciting . "
the irreverent eroticism for which his poetry is noted resulted in w h smith 's banning of his " the pleasures of the flesh " ( 1966 ) from their shops .
the consequent eroticism in the sculpture made it controversial .
his work also extended the eroticism of wood 's female characters .
" when one transcends male - female dualism , eroticism becomes susceptible of a more subtle mathematical understanding .
his nudes , however , acquired surrealistic eroticism , and his shadings created rippling airy covers enveloping forms like snowy mist , marshland fog , or haze of light .
the music for the queen of sheba displays a sultry eroticism with oriental flair .
newley periodically steps out of character to complain about his ' merkin ' role with an unseen director ( voiced by newley ) , two screenwriters , the film 's producers and a trio of blasé movie critics who are turned off by the story 's eroticism and lack of plot .
sixth activity : eroticism and mutual excitement .
style , imagery and eroticism .
the sonnets , remarkable for their frank eroticism , have been her most famous works following the early modern period , and were translated into german by rainer maria rilke .
the result , through the 1970s , was the adoption by many of a " sanitize[d ] lesbianism " , stripped of eroticism .
lip confronts the miserabilist capitalist system with dangerous humor , liberated eroticism and informed revolt . "
where most surrealist artists were men , and their primary images were of women as isolated symbols of eroticism , cahun epitomized the chameleonic and multiple possibilities of the female identity .
there is a strong theme of sex and eroticism , much of it surrounding the enchantress of the book 's title , who was inspired by the renaissance poem orlando furioso .
with a heavy atmosphere charged with eroticism which characterises his films , gréville imposed his independence and original style on the cinema of the time .
this incarnation of group was best known for singing more provocative issues including racism , sexism and eroticism .
in it , before any eroticism , the user has to first win the affection of one of a number of female characters , making the story into an interactive romance novel .
there a four girls , two sisters and two cousins , and the whole establishment has a very intimate atmosphere , ' a casual atmosphere of neighbourly visiting , hosted by these vague and sleepy girls ; subdued talk , a little music , an air of domestic eroticism , with unhurried comings and goings . '
her photo portrait of slawomir belina in a warsaw exhibition in 2000 was also controversial for its alleged eroticism , as his anus was in the centre of the composition .
a surprising shift from religious fervor to playful eroticism follows in " zubovka " ( ზუბოვკა ) , a song of dalliance with a peasant girl .
the eroticism of virgil 's second eclogue , " formosum pastor corydon ardebat alexin " ( " the shepherd corydon burned with passion for pretty alexis " ) is entirely homosexual .
verbal jugglery , obscenity and eroticism characterise the period between 1700 - 1850 , particularly in the works of the era 's eponymous poet kabi samrat upendra bhanja ( 1670 - 1720 ) .
he asserted that kripal 's claims of child eroticism had been built on these mistranslations .
for example , lv 's voice is suffused with eroticism as she croons the prurient ballads which had been sung by marilyn monroe in days of yore while performing on stage .
[t]he feeling 's a mixture of eroticism , of sex , of horror and starkness of image - and to me that is more real than what most people would consider realism in films ... "
in strictly muslim oman , eyebrows were raised at the two - page article entitled ' i 'm loving it in leather and lace ' in which mr al - zakwani described from his own standpoint the ' allure and raw eroticism ' of wearing women 's clothing .
jonathan rosenbaum of the " chicago reader " wrote the " the greatness of carl dreyer 's [ " vampyr " ] derives partly from its handling of the vampire theme in terms of sexuality and eroticism and partly from its highly distinctive , dreamy look , but it also has something to do with dreyer 's radical recasting of narrative form " .
hair and hairy chests were signs of eroticism and free love .
his early short stories , published in 1910s , were panned by critics for excessive naturalism and wanton eroticism .
verbal jugglery , obscenity and eroticism as the characteristics of shringara kavyas , became the trend of this period to which upendra bhanja took a leading role .
however , the eroticism and comedy of picasso 's figures have been replaced by a sense of menace and terror derived in part from matthias grünewald 's " mocking of christ " .
in his work he was influenced by some important 19th century- and contemporary artists , among whom were : puvis de chavannes ( " beauty as religion " ) , gustave moreau , josephin péladan ( the androgyne type ) , fernand khnopff ( sphinx - like women , although unger omitted the lascivious eroticism of khnopff ) , william strang ( an english engraver who unger met in 1895 in dresden , and later visited in london ) and dante gabriel rossetti .
in the original version of his poem , keats emphasized the young lovers ' sexuality , but his publishers , who feared public reaction , forced him to tone down the eroticism .
its oriental ' authenticity ' , its flickering eroticism , its simple beauty pushed it deep into the charts . "
his films , with their simultaneously identifiable and unrecognizable images , trace both a physical cartography and an interior landscape that shifts in its own time and in which emotions , eroticism , and visual pleasure take place .
the first international festival of eroticism was held in held in 1993 , with the european x awards first held in 1995 .
numerous motivations can be ascribed to the use and eroticism of glory holes .
reyes acquired a certain notoriety with the success of her first novel , " the butcher " , which was translated into many languages and adapted for the theatre ; like many of her subsequent novels and essays , it showed a concern with contemporary eroticism and how to treat it in literary fiction .
the eroticism between aniruddha and usha form the main theme .
the argument of anti - manga people , relayed by the press at the time , was that the manga is dangerous for youth because of eroticism and violence it diffuses .
( is it part of the connection which freud observed between compulsive neatness , anal eroticism , and interest in money ? ) " .
alina reyes ( born aline patricia nardone 9th feb 1956 , in bruges , gironde ) is a french writer , best known for her literary treatment of eroticism .
mohanatarangini , although a kavya ( poem in classical style ) written with all conventional eighteen descriptions , deals with eroticism .
" new guard " , or " new leather " , which describes an era in leather culture that started in the early 1990s , embraced switching and a greater variety of approaches to eroticism .
in reviewing the acting , peter travers of " rolling stone " observed , " hawke and delpy find nuance , art and eroticism in words , spoken and unspoken .
eroticism and graphic violence are interspersed with poetic dream - like sequences , as when fran and miriam , after showering away the blood from their latest victim , flee to a nearby cemetery ( denham churchyard ) at break of dawn .
the resulting photographs show that freedom of expression is more important than eroticism .
he saw this as a reaction formation to the child 's having to give up pleasure in anal eroticism .
the subject matter of these poems deals with themes relating to decadence and eroticism .
japan today noted its lack of " overt eroticism " .
while some point to overtones of sadomasochistic eroticism , others cite dramaturgical works and point to parallels with the story arc of the hero in classic drama .
the collection , published at the same time and by the same publisher as cankar 's controversial book " erotika " ( " eroticism " ) , was a compendium of poems from župančič 's earlier periods , when he had been strongly influenced by the decadent movement .
ancient greek philosophy ’s overturning of mythology defines in many ways our understanding of the heightened aesthetic sense in eroticism and the question of sexuality .
in 1968 he won the first annual japan literature grand prize for " the aesthetics of shōnen'ai " ( 「少年愛の美学」 ) , an essay on " aesthetic eroticism " , where he divides stories into a , v , p and k varieties .
dove 's choreography is famous for its speed , force , and eroticism .
her adventures are full of quite explicit , if humorous , eroticism and in one memorable scene she is shown fellating the devil himself .
soap operas reflect less and less of the lives of the average hong kong citizen , and game shows are said to resort to the use of bad language and borderline eroticism , wastage of food and resources , and polluting the minds and children and adolescents .
steve jones of " usa today " gave it 3½ out of 4 stars and wrote favorably of his sexual balladry , stating " the salacious influences of r. kelly and prince are evident , but the dream sets his own standard for audio eroticism " .
an engaging eroticism is also a dominant theme in her oeuvre .
however , préval remains " a painter of the body . " " it 's on the body , according to carlo a. célius that prove two other main characteristics of his work : eroticism and dreamlike , the first as format and the second as layout .
japan is unusual in that the culture 's male homoerotic art has typically been the work of female artists addressing a female audience , mirroring the case of lesbian eroticism in western art .
many critics have written that the film is also an exploration of how eroticism in japanese culture is often morbid or death - obsessed .
in a game of constant lust , the women tangle in a plot of eroticism , betrayal , ambition , passion and death ..
a private association of catholics , called " famiglia domani " , also boycotted the tour for featuring eroticism .
rossetti published the old poems with his newer ones ; they were not well received by some critics because of their eroticism , and he was haunted by the exhumation through the rest of his life .
it is a work of dark eroticism , centred on the relationship between two nineteenth century brothers in a small french village , one of whom is a catholic parish priest , while the other is a libertine .
the poems of this collection also visit the theme of maternity within the context of eroticism , sensuality , and plenitude .
dealing with themes such as religion , antireligion ( often with a specifically anti - christian sentiment ) , germanic paganism and the middle ages , they were also highly unusual for their time ( in the context of death metal ) for focusing at least as much on love and eroticism .
cohen notes that dodgson " apparently convinced many of his friends that his attachment to the nude female child form was free of any eroticism " , but adds that " later generations look beneath the surface " ( p. 229 ) .
rather , as literary historians came to praise and value the masculine novel and , most importantly , to dismiss the courtship novel and to exclude novels of eroticism , haywood 's works were rejected for more chaste or more overtly philosophical works .
armando teixeira is recognized as a composer , musician and producer of note within portugal , and his latest studio album " a grande mentira " has been described by antena 3 as " pop , electronica , eroticism and fury " . "
leather culture denotes practices and styles of dress organized around sexual activities and eroticism ( " kink " ) .
he is well known for long ( 5 - 48 hours ) ritualistic performances with audience participation , nudity , and eroticism .
using allusions , humor and eroticism , much of rebibo 's poetry shows how relationships are shaped by language , culture , religion , and politics .
another point of departure was the series’ subtle eroticism .
irony , satire , humor , eroticism and subversion of government authority are frequent characteristics of artistamps .
the real life crime story was treated in the same way billy wilder did with the facts that inspired james m. cain 's novel " double indemnity " and bigas luna ’s " las edades de lulu " , a movie seen by aranda , inspired the eroticism of the film .
japanese ninja literature and cinema still contain a powerful element of eroticism , including some pornography , often focusing on kunoichi ( ninja women ) .
in " vice versa : bisexuality and the eroticism of everyday life " , marjorie garber argues " the twenties has been linked to the popularization of freud ( or " freudianism " ) , the advent of world war i , and a general predilection for the daring and unconventional : bobbed hair , short skirts , the rejection of prohibition and victorian strictures . " examples of this include drag balls , and the success of artists such as ernest hemingway , d. h. lawrence , virginia woolf , and marlene dietrich .
afterwards , the woman 's beauty takes on a demonic , compelling power , in which eroticism is combined with sado - masochism .
he had a unique style that combined youth , eroticism , wit , and anecdote .
impressionism , which had been considered the artistic avant - garde in the 1860s , did not gain widespread acceptance until after world war i : the academic realist painting style that appealed to the belle époque is exemplified in the eroticism paraded as mythology of william - adolphe bouguereau or john william waterhouse , or the idyllic roman scenes of lord leighton .
" kiekeboe " is a typical flemish comic , about a normal family which unwillingly gets into all kinds of adventures . filled with humour ( mostly puns and misunderstandings ) , adventure , movie references , and some slight eroticism with the promiscuous teenage daughter fanny ,
verbal jugglery , obscenity and eroticism as the characteristics of shringara kavyas , became the trend of this period to which upendra bhanja took a leading role .
this genre was also criticize of representing " eroticism " and " backward - minded culture " .
his films are also notable for feminist - friendly eroticism .
according to the advance press release , the book " dissects the satanic sources that have influenced and informed cradle of filth , with a roadmap to every significant landmark in the domains of darkness , including the arcane secrets of black magic , via the sex rites of vampirism . artfully combining hammer horror style schlock , dripping with eroticism , backed by authentic black arts info and a wicked sense of humour , this will dazzle devoted disciples of darkness .
however , dworkin aimed to depict men 's harm to women as normalized political harm , not as eccentric eroticism .
david hall of " eatmybrains.com " said , " there have been far worse cinematic incarnations of stoker 's tale than this — but it must rank as one of the dreariest adaptations ever — a toothless bore shorn of any frisson of eroticism , with nary a drop of blood in sight . "
the framing of the nude body , with head , arms and lower legs outside of view , emphasizes the eroticism of the work .
laserdisc also believed that the sequels sustained the entertainment value through their intelligent use of eroticism , gore and on - location setting .
most critics believe that gabriel miró 's literary maturity begins with " las cerezas del cementerio " ( " cemetery cherries " ) ( 1910 ) , whose plot revolves around the tragic love of the super - sensitive young man félix valdivia for an older woman ( beatriz ) and presents — with an atmosphere of voluptuousness and lyrical intimism -- the themes of eroticism , illness , and death .
wells claimed that reeves responded to his taste for adventurous eroticism , and the " sexual imaginativess " that his wife jane could not cope with .
thompson has pointed out that in the q'eqchi ' myth - which is about the earthly life of a mountain deity 's daughter before her final transformation into the moon - the themes of eroticism , fertility , and marriage strongly come to the fore .
in addition to editorial cartoons he has also published adult minicomics , including ' popeye has a fuck ' ( 1977),'tard ' ( 1998 ) , and ' ray gun girls ' ( 1999 ) which pavement has described as " an unsettling mixture of japanese school - girl eroticism , fifties ray - guns and haunting landscapes " .
feminateek , also known as the fenomenale feminateek ( " phenomenal library of women " ) , is a collection of 22400 images of female eroticism compiled in 144 volumes by flemish author louis paul boon .
the explicit eroticism of the song was declared offensive at the time of its release .
in the english language , however , it is used in a broader meaning that is closer to the french fantastique genre , including elements of horror fiction and eroticism .
the staff indicates that she is not celibate and has integrated eroticism into her spiritual path , mastering the art of transmuting pleasure into transcendent bliss .
although the film includes numerous concessions to violence and eroticism , it delivered a resounding critique of the franco regime and its brutal treatment of the spanish gypsy population .
this interest in eroticism and existentialism , in turn , is a reflection of a larger existential trend in the literature and culture of japan during the 1960s and 1970s .
certainly " a body of song of comparable intensity , profanity and eroticism [ existed ] in arabic from the second half of the 9th century onwards . "
naturism can contain aspects of eroticism for some people and at different times in history , although many modern naturists and naturist organisations argue it does not , while the public and the media often simplify this relationship .
they note that in spite of his usual expertise with lightweight comedies , " ohara 's direction is crisp , and torture fans will find much to admire in the sadean eroticism he brings to the proceedings . "
the character is sexually precocious , starting his romantic adventures at the age of six , and his particular form of eroticism seems always to lead to destruction of one kind or another .
his songs combine romanticism , love ( even eroticism ) , revolutionary politics , and idealism .
the first edition was published under the pseudonym , lawrence h. davison , because his fictional works , such as " the rainbow " , had been prosecuted for alleged eroticism .
nevertheless , they are frequently sold by couture designers , perhaps because of the implied eroticism .
traci lords arrives at tokyo to explore japanese eroticism .
whether this eroticism is for the viewer or an accurate representation of life is unknown .
he combined eroticism , social criticism , and avant - garde theater ideas , and he considered the body to be a repository for " stored memories , " which could be metamorphosed into dance forms .
another main theme , often in combination with eroticism , was religion .
the dobsons ' most lasting legacy was pairing lisa and bob 's strait - laced son tom with the sluttish margo . justin deas and margaret colin thrilled viewers with their witty banter and subtle eroticism ( colin and deas apparently enjoyed their work — they married in the early 1980s and remain married to this day ) .
it has been suggested that it was this early friendship with marino , and the commissioning of illustrations of his poetry ( which drew on ovidian themes ) , that founded , or at least reinforced , the prominent eroticism in poussin 's early work .
the frank , homosexual eroticism of some of the work of his middle period triggered a more general controversy about the public funding of artworks .
but at the time of his original publication , it met with severe criticism by some parts of the japanese society . " harenchi gakuen " was criticized as vulgar because it introduced overt eroticism to children .
composed by john frizzel , the soundtrack features themes such as romance and eroticism .
hladnik has an obsession with eroticism .
in the years since the end of world war ii , eroticism had been gradually making its way into japanese cinema .
the film was released in italy as " la noia " ( " boredom " ) and in france as " l'ennui et sa diversion , l'érotisme " ( " boredom and its diversion , eroticism " ) .
this included themes of romance and eroticism , incorporating sound effects such as a gong and rub rod .
" ryūkōka " songs often dealt with eroticism and grotesque things .
since that date much has been written about his presumed homosexuality and its role in his art , particularly in the androgyny and eroticism manifested in " john the baptist " and " bacchus " and more explicitly in a number of erotic drawings .
" resentment and the feminine in nietzsche 's politico - aesthetics " and " thomas mann and friedrich nietzsche : eroticism , death , music and laughter"– trace the refractory evolution of nietzsche 's political philosophy in relation to his aesthetics , using the rhetorical registers of power , nature , woman and “ the feminine . ”
ero guro puts its focus on eroticism , sexual corruption and decadence .
her era of furtive eroticism was over , and there was no point in scrapbooking it .
ungerer 's themes include the vietnam war , eroticism ( especially sadomasochism ) , bigotry in various forms and imaginative subjects for children 's books .
the social and commercial appeal of his later work - ( including a 1959 portrait of brigitte bardot , - little black dress , hair tousled , luscious mouthed ) - did not match the artistic promise or the bohemian eroticism of his earlier years .
he released his first solo album featuring a bevy of local talent including kanye west , carl thomas , chantay savage , common and twista , documenting an amalgam of eroticism , religion , gangster folklore and hip - hop .
she served as 1979 co - founder and 1979 - 1987 lecturer for women against pornography , 1980 - 1985 chair of the the national organization of women ( now ) 's media reform committee , board of directors member of new york women against rape where she produced and exhibited a slide presentation on the increasing media eroticism of children , and member of the new york state psychiatric institute 's advisory committee on the treatment of sexual aggressors .
in the years following the end of world war ii , eroticism had been gradually making its way into japanese cinema .
set in barcelona , " el amante bilingüe " takes an ironic approach to catalonian linguistic policies , nationalism and eroticism with a pattern of double identity .
unlike past artists who painted the female nude to glorify the female form and to highlight female eroticism , hopper 's nudes are solitary women who are also psychologically exposed .
in the description by the book 's editor , " without abandoning his profound lyricism and transcedence , juan ramón here reflects a very explicit eroticism and sexuality which were alien to the time and concretely to spanish lyric poetry " .
films of his such as " shanghai express " ( 1932 ) and " the devil is a woman " ( 1935 ) , with their hothouse eroticism and baroque visual style , specifically anticipate central elements of classic noir .
eroticism is an aesthetic focus on sexual desire , especially the feelings of anticipation of sexual activity .
her novels were different from other contemporary european romantic writers ' works because she usually set them in the present and did n't use eroticism .
in 1973 , the bizarre spanish cult film director jesús franco knocked off two low - budget maciste films which were an odd mix of fantasy , adventure , and eroticism .
peter travers in " rolling stone " wrote : " in this classic love story , martin scorsese sweeps us away on waves of dizzying eroticism and rapturous romance ...
as in the examples of the giantess theme in popular culture , the macrophiliac interest in the concept is influenced by notions of female empowerment , eroticism , femdom , gts , and the idea of feminine beauty on an exaggerated scale .
however , his art typically forgoes traditional rural innocence to portray scenes with a definitive style of eroticism , and his mythological scenes are passionate and intimately amorous rather than traditionally epic .
then when itzá conquered the area , they brought more sodomy , more eroticism and extensive sexual ceremonies .
the themes cover portraiture , still life , religious art , nudes , eroticism and occasionally also landscapes .
the narrative is marked by violence and eroticism , depicting sorcery and black magic as natural human activity .
shibusawa , although discouraged , was not deterred , and continued to write works on eroticism and to translate the works of de sade , as well as other french authors ; he also produced essays and art criticism , and became a specialist in the study of medieval demonology .
as a freethinker , she was elected secretary of the philadelphia chapter of the american secular union in 1889.﻿ although a member of the unitarian faith , craddock became a student of religious eroticism and declared herself a priestess and pastor of the church of yoga .
his songs often celebrated women , wine , and entertaining , and today can be considered eroticism .
of his latest book of poems , " azores , " adam kirsch wrote in " the new york sun " on april 23 , 2008 : " like hart crane 's ' voyages , ' ' azores ' is suffused with the eroticism of the sea .
in the years since the end of world war ii , eroticism had been gradually making its way into japanese cinema .
in addition , he worked on series of nudes- sensual , spontaneous paintings with elegant , subdued eroticism that ultimately became extremely popular with private art collectors in japan and other countries .
the leather subculture denotes practices and styles of dress organized around sexual activities and hedonistic eroticism ( " kink " ) .
have her performing for a hidden webcam in her room ( " peeping x shamefulness eroticism " ) , having a birthday celebration in the japanese porn " lotion " genre with her birthday cake spread on her body ( " perversion smear nice sensation lotion " ) and performing in the documentary - style " saliva coating fellatio " supposedly focused on her private sex life .
he is best known for his novels tinged with eroticism .
certainly " a body of song of comparable intensity , profanity and eroticism [ existed ] in arabic from the second half of the 9th century onwards . "
the film is filled with many intricacies , touching such themes as the european society of the 1940s as a whole , conspiracy , guerrilla , the nazi invasion , murder , suicide , but also eroticism , guilt and manipulation of youth by adults .
in doing so , it explores and interrogates the student / teacher relationship , the role of identities in the classroom , the role of eroticism in the teaching process , the nature of disciplines and curriculum , and the connection between the classroom and the broader community with a goal of being both a set of theoretical tools for pedagogical critique / critique of pedagogy and/or a set of practical tools for those doing pedagogical work .
the images in " haskins posters " traversed a number of different creative themes that all became signature passions for haskins ' image - making over the next three decades ; graphically strong compositions of nudes characterised by a natural essence in the models while the image - making explored themes of graphic experimentation , humour and sensual eroticism .
protests against social injustice were portrayed by use of theatrical eroticism , which also mocked public morality .
however , it was not well - received internationally ; in america , for example , roger ebert claimed that it was neither erotic nor about eroticism .
the musée de l'érotisme ( museum of eroticism ) can also be found here .
she also felt that the eroticism in her writing might be an overdose for readers of the time , especially coming from a young woman like herself .
the theme of the festival is the carnival combined with light eroticism .
the cool neoclassical surface finish of his sculptures is charged with an eroticism that their mythological themes can barely disguise .
in addition to his poetry collections , he is the author of a number of critical books , including articulate flesh : male homo - eroticism and modern poetry ( 1987 ) and a history of gay literature : the male tradition ( 1998 ) .
eroticism is implied in the lines ' there were nights of endless pleasure ' and ' the flesh and the fantasies : all coming back to me ' .
secular literatures were on such subjects as grammar ( " sabdagama " ) , logic ( " yuktyagama " ) , philosophy ( " paramagama " ) , poetry , romance , drama , rhetoric , prosody , lexicon , biography , history , medicine , veterinary science , mathematics , poetic inscriptions called " kavya " , cookery , fiction , astrology , meteorology , toxicology , eroticism etc .
the destruction of the incest taboo is essential to the development of cooperative human community based on the free - flow of natural androgynous eroticism . "
episode three - part film , who is condemned by self - appointed guardians of culture as a pornographer and revered by his fans as a master of eroticism .
in it , he tried to express a black wave - style mixture of melancholy and an explosive rebel wrath against the repressive monism of the socialist society , in which eroticism and love are seen as the main escape from the ideological threat .
the " erotic review " is a regular british magazine devoted to discussions about sex and eroticism .
manga artists combine well written stories with sex and eroticism .
the hero 's experience is recorded in " notebooks " , which are compiled to form the actual narrative , and which serve to record his unusual , mostly sexual , experiences in british india — the narrator describes himself as dominated by " a devilish indifference " towards " all things having to do with art or metaphysics " , focusing instead on eroticism .
the track " garden of eroticism " was added to the triple j compilation album "
titles often have instances of eroticism and cannibalism .
nick rennison in " contemporary british authors " characterises " tipping the velvet " as an " unabashed and unapologetic celebration of lesbian eroticism and sexual diversity " .
digital media is revolutionary in that it allows photographers and filmmakers to manipulate images in ways previously not possible , heightening the drama or eroticism of a depiction .
the eroticism of the novel was reduced for edwardian audiences .
according to the 20th - century folklorist and art historian wilhelm fränger , the eroticism of the center frame could be considered either as an allegory of transience or a playground of corruption .
in this way morales has written " el juego del viento y la luna " ( " the wind and moon game " ) ( 1998 ) , which is the only universal erotic anthology that has ever existed in spanish ; the book of tales called " erotica sagrada " ( " sacred eroticism " ) ( 1989 ) and the essay " por amor al deseo .
a review described the abum as " it 's pop , it 's ' chanson française ' , it 's eroticism , it 's electronica and everything else that a disc of such complex songs can suggest .
bernays initially consulted psychoanalyst a. a. brill for advice , brill told him : " some women regard cigarettes as symbols of freedom ... smoking is a sublimation of oral eroticism ; holding a cigarette in the mouth excites the oral zone .
there are elements of eroticism and courtship acted out in the dance , which is usually performed by pairs of men and women dancing opposite .
this epic of seventeen cantos entails shringara rasa , the rasa of love , romance , and eroticism , more than vira rasa ( the rasa of heroism ) .
the religion has a strong emphasis on traditional values found in abrahamic religions , which leaves little room for tolerance of eroticism .
he was inducted into the " avn " hall of fame during the 2004 avn awards , and in march 2005 received the lifetime achievement award in brussels during the brussels international festival of eroticism .
the mild eroticism of a few of her paintings was looked upon unfavourably by many at the time but she remained aloof , perhaps reassured by the fact that some of her husband 's sculptures were erotic in nature .
a major phenomenon on the japanese underground scene , the group has produced a number of stage works marked by experimentalism , folklore influences , social provocation , grotesque eroticism and the flamboyant fantasy characteristic of terayama 's oeuvre .
in his next movie , " lovers of the arctic circle " , which has been compared to the works of krzysztof kieślowski , he explored circular narrative and a taste for minimalistic textures that he then overcame in his next film , " sex and lucia " , where the plot dissolves into a very lyrical eroticism .
the less thoughtful enjoyed the eroticism of some of poussin 's classicizing subjects ( " illustration , left " ) .
female homoerotic art by lesbian artists has often been less culturally prominent than the presentation of lesbian eroticism by non - lesbians and for a primarily non - lesbian audience .
university of wyoming associate professor tracey patton sees woo as the embodiment of the asian fantasy woman , the seductive temptress expert in eroticism who is knowledgeable in the art of sexual pleasure unknown to the western world .
