when the communists withdrew from florina in 1949 , thousands of people were evacuated or fled to yugoslavia and the eastern bloc .
during the evacuation , one of the battalion 's soldiers , william scurry played a significant part through his invention of a self - firing rifle , which assisted in making the turks believe that there were still men manning the trenches even as they were being evacuated .
kerem atzmona ( ) was an unauthorized israeli outpost in the gush katif settlement bloc , located in the south - west edge of the gaza strip , and evacuated as part of israel 's unilateral disengagement plan of 2005 .
6,000 polish soldiers were evacuated from la pallice , a harbor near la rochelle , france .
those students who were left behind in colombo were joined by those of ladies college who had also not evacuated to form " lake school " in the bishop 's college premises .
4 company had to be evacuated by a norwegian steamer and transported to sandnessjøen , then to bodø with no . 5
most of the victims died when a landslide occurred near the la paz waterfall by the poás volcano , and 452 people including 369 tourists were evacuated from the area in helicopters .
the french army had advanced to a depth of eight kilometres and captured about 20 villages evacuated by the german army , without any resistance .
several other dams , including the newmarket dam , were also being watched , with local residents being evacuated downstream .
wounded personnel can be brought to the advance airfield to be evacuated for more complete hospital care at the rear .
since tatp becomes more unstable as time passes , the norman police and the fbi evacuated hinrichs ' building and the four apartment buildings that surrounded it as a precaution .
the british commonwealth contingent consisted of the original 14,000-man british garrison and another 25,000 commonwealth troops evacuated from the mainland .
non - essential staff and tourists were evacuated from the small resort islands of south molle island and long islands . in the whitsundays to shelters located on larger islands .
he had tabriz evacuated of its inhabitants while he waited at ardabil with his army .
the aircraft would be used mostly for reconnaissance before being evacuated to the uk on 18 april due to lack of fuel and ammunition .
on 3 september 1915 , whilst his company were being evacuated , he stayed behind in an attempt to save the lives of the wounded .
izabela 's son adam jerzy czartoryski , going into exile in paris , france , evacuated the museum 's surviving objects to the hôtel lambert .
exceptions were made for children under the age of two or three who stayed with their mothers while the rest should be evacuated .
on one of these voyages , she took 9 tons ( 8 tonnes ) of gold and 13 tons ( 12 tonnes ) of silver from ( which had evacuated it from corregidor ) and delivered them to the united states treasury department at san francisco .
the airfield was briefly evacuated due to heavy fighting in the area and it being shelled by german artillery during late december and early january , however it was secured and put back into operation by mid january .
all 1,090 passengers and crew were safely evacuated .
some residents were evacuated by the oregon national guard .
aboard hms " nereide " they were evacuated to constantinople .
soule was evacuated to landstuhl regional medical center in germany and then transported to fort sam houston , texas , where he spent the next several years recuperating at brooke army medical center .
1 september 1939 - approximately 75,000 birmingham school children were evacuated to make way for the battle of britain .
civilians of aachen were evacuated in summer 1944 .
he was awarded the mc for his actions , and was evacuated from dunkirk .
workers from the chevron corporation and the anadarko petroleum corporation were evacuated from offshore platforms while those working for conocophillips and exxonmobil remained on site .
at the end of july 1863 deas ' brigade evacuated the shelbyville and tullahoma area and pulled back to chattanooga , tennessee due to flanking by union army , and then during august the army of tennessee occupied chattanooga .
the evening of 5 may the ships arrived at fort derussy , " a powerful casemated work " which the confederates had recently evacuated in the face of the naval threat .
it transported supplies to the partisans , evacuated wounded , dropped agents to help them , and provided air support in their operations against german troops .
the evacuation began on 24 april and by 30 april about 50,000 troops had been evacuated , the remaining 7–8,000 troops were captured by the germans .
moller was killed instantly and the remainder of the crew evacuated the damaged vehicle .
several families voluntarily evacuated st. george 's island in southern st. mary 's county , maryland .
the division was initially part of the ill - fated second british expeditionary force ( bef ) landed in france in june 1940 under field marshal alan brooke , later being evacuated from the continent during operation ariel .
the king trần thái tông paid tribute to uriyankhadi who had quickly evacuated đại việt .
the floods , which were the region 's worst on record , resulted in 1000 houses being affected and more than 2500 people being evacuated .
on 18 january 1943 he was one of the last to be evacuated from stalingrad , carrying personal letters and the awards of friedrich paulus .
the greek government in exile was the official government of greece , headed by king george ii , which evacuated from athens in april 1941 , after the german invasion of the country , first to the island of crete and then to cairo in egypt .
his recovery was lengthy , though he spent it in france , refusing to be evacuated while his fellow soldiers remained fighting .
realizing that they could not withstand another attack , the greeks evacuated corsica , and initially sought refuge in rhegion in italy .
emperor baeda maryam conducted a campaign against the dobe'a early in his reign , but they had evacuated their cattle , camels , and his campaign was unable to track down any dobe'a .
as a result , amnesties were issued to the survivors and the camp 's remaining population evacuated early in 1961 .
almost 7,600 patients were later air evacuated to the continental united states for follow - on treatment .
actually , westerners are depicted only sporadically in the book , and by the middle of the book they have all evacuated the city , having flown to the gunboats on the yangtze to avoid the general chaos of the warring
the group continually hauled food , clothing , medicine , gasoline , ordnance equipment , and other supplies to the front lines and evacuated patients to rear - zone hospitals when not engaged in airborne operations .
during the second world war the maudsley hospital moved to the evacuated mill hill school as the mill hill emergency hospital .
during the war of 1812 , important federal documents and government archives were evacuated from washington and stored at leesburg for safe keeping .
the remaining 80% were then evacuated to saudi arabia and bahrain , some aircraft even taking off from the highways adjacent to the bases as the runways were overrun .
the city had , by this point , been evacuated of all civilians and the ltte were preparing bunker positions within the town .
several thousand madurese , who had moved to kalimantan as long as twenty years earlier , were evacuated to other islands to escape the violence .
she was carrying 90 child evacuee passengers who were being evacuated from wartime britain to canada .
on 29 september 1917 , he was wounded and gassed in france , and was evacuated to the uk .
on february 7 and 8 , more than 100 u.s. embassy employees and all embassy dependents were evacuated from beirut .
the greek community in lebanon included no more than 2,500 persons before the recent 2006 war , but most of them have been evacuated from the country with greek ships , in order to avoid war operations .
severely wounded in the shoulder by a sniper 's bullet , grieve was evacuated to england , and on recovery returned to his unit in october .
raised in 1915 as part of the 1st australian imperial force , it was attached to the 5th brigade , 2nd division that served during world war i. the battalion first saw action during the gallipoli campaign , before being evacuated in december 1915 .
on 8 april 1945 he evacuated to bergen - belsen with a death march from hannover - mühlenberg ( hanomag / linden ) .
lang son , the next french base to the south , was abandoned on 17 october and on 18 october the french command evacuated posts south of lang son on rc4 .
the remaining british garrisons were then evacuated to the middle east .
the nazis killed about 20,000 to 30,000 jews who had not evacuated berdychiv .
in 1917 the treadwell , 700-foot , and mexican mines which had been excavated to a depth of more than 500 ft below sea level suddenly began leaking , and had to be evacuated .
during the second world war , it was rumoured that king george vi and queen elizabeth heard that the treasures of the house had n't been evacuated .
in the event of a fire the national archives would be clearly unable to use sprinklers for fear of ruining its holdings , and so when the building is evacuated , argon gas is released into the air - tight repositories .
liedtke remained in service and was evacuated to bornholm in early 1945 .
in total , about 300 occupants of the building were evacuated .
the remaining survivors were evacuated to continental russia .
the caucasus area became a new area of industry when 226 factories were evacuated there during the 1941 industrial evacuation in soviet union .
these patients , along with all hospital staff , staff family members present , and patients were evacuated within five days via helicopters from the top floor of a neighboring parking garage .
loren is then evacuated to the hork - bajir valley .
only occasionally was a decisive naval battle fought , such as the battle of salamis in which a numerically inferior greek navy destroyed the larger persian force , after which most of the persian forces evacuated greece .
on june 20 finland 's government ordered 45,000 people at the soviet border to be evacuated .
as a result , some roads were closed and 2,000 calgarians who lived downstream were evacuated .
when the forces to his rear were pushed back 3 hours later , he refused to be evacuated , but , during several more counterattacks moved painfully about under intense small arms and mortar fire , stiffening the resistance of his platoon by encouraging individual men and by his own fire until he was killed .
in august , his unit deployed to gallipoli , where he fought as a machine gunner before being hospitalised the following month , suffering from typhoid fever ; he was evacuated to england in december .
when the plant was bombed on june 25 , 1941 , the works were evacuated to novosibirsk , to v.p. chkalov facilities where it produced the fighters yak-3 , yak-6 and yak-9 designed by alexander sergeyevich yakovlev .
among those who were evacuated were all the patients , doctors and staff of a government hospital and engineering and medical students of 10 hostels .
the president is safely evacuated to a bunker inside the white house .
the three commanders sailed back to carystus , which evacuated into the city citadel at the approach of such a fleet , and sent ambassadors to beg protection from quinctius .
during world war ii , soas had evacuated to christ 's college , university of cambridge , and there the minorskys retired apart from a year ( 1948 - 49 ) at fuad university , cairo .
it was not until she was rescued by an e.s.w.a.t. ( extra special weapons and advanced tactics ) team led by hitomi and her former lover briareos in the middle of a ruined city , just after deunan had a short but fierce battle with unidentified enemies , that she was finally evacuated from the badlands .
lesterville and annapolis , as well as johnson shut - ins state park , were evacuated in 2005 following a reservoir failure at the taum sauk pumped storage plant .
the family were in 1943 evacuated to moscow .
the california flood resulted in 13 deaths , 50,000 people evacuated and over $ 400 million in property damage .
when the column arrived at the camp it was chaotic as it was to be evacuated due to advancing soviet forces , and arnoldson was told he could collect all french , belgian , dutch , and polish women , in total about 15,000 .
the saudi assault continued the following day , as saudi residents near the southern border of jizan province were evacuated .
later on , neumann and his commander are urging carthusia to have the colony evacuated .
many of the " finch"s crew served during the siege of corregidor , though the captain was evacuated to australia via submarine .
brazilians are being evacuated by bus to the city of adana , on turkey , where the boeing 707 popularly known as " sucatão " ( which was the previous presidential aircraft ) , belonging to the força aérea brasileira , is being used to bring back those who do not have their own means to go back to brazil .
according to a " washington post " article on 29 july 2006 , the " northampton " was part of the u.s. government 's plan for continuity of government and reported to be a " floating white house " to which the president could be evacuated in the event of nuclear attack .
a short while later , the school is evacuated via a fire alarm and announcement from principal victoria .
during the battle of elephant point they cleared japanese rearguards from the defences , but the main japanese garrison had evacuated rangoon several days previously .
in march , she assisted in countering an enemy threat to the marine artillery base at gio ling and evacuated wounded from con thien mountain .
on 3 may porter once again moved his gunboats against the confederate batteries , but the southerners , finding their position totally untenable after grant had taken his army into the country back of grand gulf , had evacuated .
southern university canceled four days of classes because of lili , and 20 texas a&m university galveston , texas students evacuated to the school 's college station location .
major portions of the town were evacuated during both the 2003 cedar fire and 2007 witch creek fire .
lhote had to know whether the luftwaffe had damaged the priceless delacroix murals in the palais du luxembourg , which the nazis had seized and occupied during the war , and evacuated in the preceding days .
on 9 september 1943 the 501st was reformed from a few remnants of the old battalion , including several wounded tank crewmen who had been evacuated to europe for recuperation before the end in tunisia , commanded by major erich löwe .
in durango and coahuila , after the opening of the floodgates of dams lázaro cárdenas and francisco zarco , civil protection authorities evacuated thousands of residents in the communities of abasolo and rodeo in durango , while the comarca lagunera , coahuila , was working in strengthening of the river nazas board .
suffering from two wounds , one serious , he was evacuated to england .
during the fall of saigon , her husband had made arrangements for her and their children to be evacuated , while he made his last effort to save south vietnam , but his efforts were futile and he fled south vietnam aboard the uss blue ridge and fled to the united states , and they settled in california .
he subsequently rode into the area himself , but the dobe'a recognized him from a distance and were able to flee , their possessions already having been evacuated .
the wire leads from the tube were soldered into the pins and the pinched - off glass nub through which the air was evacuated from the envelope fit into the post .
according to terrence prittie 's " eshkol : the man and the nation , " 50 houses were destroyed , but the inhabitants had been evacuated hours before .
over 30,000 people were evacuated , many in veracruz .
large numbers of the civilian population were evacuated to safer towns inland .
during world war ii , allied forces evacuated some forces to gavdos following the german victory in the battle of crete .
as uprising took over the entire region , teutonic forces evacuated into prussia .
immediately after the attacks , and more so after the collapses , many trains lost power and had to be evacuated through the tunnels .
in mid - january 1838 mackenzie and his followers evacuated the island .
the original settlement 's residents were evacuated as a result of the camp david accords , and re - settled in israel , naming their new settlement after their previous one ( after yosef weitz , a former director of the land and afforestation department of the jewish national fund ) .
a silicon wafer is placed in the plasma etcher , and the air is evacuated from the process chamber using a system of vacuum pumps .
part of the city was evacuated .
british forces evacuated the city and went to baghdad .
he led the van of the russian invasion , took tarnovo on july 7 , crossed the balkans by the ham bogaz pass , which debouches near hainkioi , and , notwithstanding considerable resistance , captured uflani , maglizh , and kazanlak ; on july 18 he attacked shipka , which was evacuated by the turks on the following day .
he resigned his commission and returned to england in 1778 , but retained ownership of the island until the british evacuated the city in 1783 and it was confiscated .
the whole area is evacuated .
during the second world war young oleg basilashvili was evacuated from moscow to the transcaucasian republic of georgia .
operating from hollandia the hospital ship evacuated wounded from leyte , philippine islands on two voyages in october and november and then brought patients back to san pedro , calif. , in december .
he grew up in camberwell , london , and during the second world war he was evacuated to north runcton , in norfolk .
however , some factories , museums and thousands of civilians had been evacuated to the east .
the captain and crew ultimately abandoned ship before all the passengers had been evacuated , leaving many still on board the burning ship even after it was towed to harbour ( allegedly the captain and crew were unaware how many passengers had escaped ) .
the evacuated crew of " red october " on board a u.s. navy rescue ship witness this explosion and , not knowing that there is a second soviet sub in the area , they assume it was " red october " that was destroyed .
his wife refuses to be evacuated , as she wants to find a purse with " deep sentimental value " .
in cameron parish , roughly 8,000 residents evacuated inland .
president diori signed legislation to end the employment of expatriate military officers in 1965 ; some continued to serve until the 1974 coup , when all french military presence was evacuated .
most of the local inhabitants who had not evacuated during the war were subsequently expelled to western germany .
along its main advance path , egypt succeeded in taking nitzanim , and yad mordechai and kfar darom were evacuated by the israelis .
it was mainly intended to house the exhibits of the " saxon railway museum " that had been evacuated during the second world war .
when the egyptians evacuated harar , ' abd allah became the logical choice to rule harar , and was given " a few hundred soldiers trained by one of the british officers , 300 to 400 rifles , some cannon , and munitions , a force hardly sufficient to garrison harar and jaldessa , let alone police the traderoutes and ensure the security of the state . "
after the white army 's final defeat in the crimea , kutepov and the remnants of his corps evacuated to gallipoli in november 1920 .
the unidentified remains of 14 to 18 workers were buried in a mass grave on ernston road in old bridge . evacuated and homeless persons were said to be more susceptible to the 1918 influenza epidemic the following winter resulting in a high death toll in the area due to the epidemic .
on 20 july , flash floods affected the vale of glamorgan , causing schools to be evacuated , roads to be closed , and boats used to rescue people from their homes in barry .
route 128 eventually had to be evacuated by cross - country skiers and snowmobilers .
during world war ii the whole school was evacuated for awhile .
when they arrived they discovered that kimura had ordered rangoon to be evacuated , starting on 22 april .
officials also evacuated roughly 160,000 people from coastal areas in fujian .
the regiment formed the advance of their brigade , temporarily commanded by lieutenant colonel mann , and occupied the trenches on the night that it was discovered the fort was being evacuated .
the las vegas metropolitan police department , nevada state police and the national guard evacuated a five - mile ( 8 km ) radius around the plant , concentrating on areas downwind of the explosion .
though most of his troops were successfully evacuated by the royal navy , general moore was mortally wounded during the battle of coruña on 16 january 1809 .
kawaguchi was subsequently relieved of command during the japanese preparations for the battle for henderson field in october , 1942 and he was eventually evacuated from the island .
the damaged ships and injured personnel are evacuated to space station liberty , a massive spacestation located in deep space .
after the hulk invaded a baseball stadium , the mutant force was sent in with the army to stop him , and the stadium was evacuated .
promoted by now to lieutenant colonel , he was subsequently wounded and evacuated back to the united states .
austrian general anton freiherr von puchner , who had taken refuge to the wallachian region of oltenia , pressured şaguna and other leaders to openly demand that imperial russian occupiers of wallachia protect his last contingents as they evacuated transylvania .
though q goads picard into punishing the bandi , picard refuses , instead ordering the " enterprise " to fire a vivifying energy beam onto farpoint after the station is evacuated .
these delays proved ruinous to their cause ; and general fraser , despairing of their assistance , evacuated alexandria on september 14 .
within weeks , the largest part of the 80,000 + belgians who were still working and living in the congo were evacuated in all haste and often under traumatic circumstances by the belgian army and later by the united nations intervention force .
a further 128 people in the houses beyond the slide found themselves isolated due to the destroyed road , and were forced to use a forest trail when evacuated by emergency responders .
the king and queen of yugoslavia were evacuated to a house in bookham during the second world war , and king george vi and his bride spent their honeymoon at polesden lacey , a country house situated to the south of the village overlooking ranmore common .
60,000 were evacuated overnight on august 29 from cuba 's western coasts .
" gilmer " evacuated the wounded in her boats and on " blessman"s rubber rafts .
the destroyer flotillas ( the capital ships having been evacuated to scapa flow ) were essential to the defence of the english channel particularly during operation dynamo and against any potential german invasion and the base itself served a major refit and repair role .
" tubby " bins , a british corporal ( mills ) is trying to get his men to dunkirk , where they , the rest of the british expeditionary force ( bef ) and thousands of french soldiers hope to be evacuated .
the first to be evacuated from the island were the infant and six people in the family ; the infant was taken to a hospital on saipan as a precaution .
the tower was also evacuated on september 11 , 2001 after the attacks on the world trade center , the pentagon and pennsylvania .
when the besieged garrison was finally relieved by the british commander - in - chief , sir colin campbell , the residency was evacuated , as campbell 's communications were threatened .
after the disaster , an airlift evacuated 30,000 people , which was the biggest airlift in australia 's history .
king hassan ii of morocco immediately claimed the area of western sahara evacuated by mauritania ( tiris al - gharbiya , roughly corresponding to the southern half of río de oro ) , which was unilaterally annexed by morocco in august 1979 .
in the course of her service with the yangtze patrol force , the gunboat convoyed american and foreign merchantmen up and down the river , supplied armed guards to u.s. and british river craft , landed bluejackets at treaty ports threatened by unrest and evacuated foreign nationals in times of danger .
as the germans closed in on moscow in 1941 , the factory was hurriedly evacuated to zlatoust ( ) .
he shot robin scorpio to show that he was serious and refused requests by other hostages for her to be evacuated .
sata suffered a heart attack on april 25 , 2008 and was evacuated to milpark hospital in johannesburg , south africa , where he was said to be in stable condition on april 26 .
the 105-meter at marshall space flight center produces 4.6 seconds of weightlessness when it is fully evacuated .
in france , the group flew resupply missions , hauled freight , and evacuated casualties in support of the allied effort to breach the siegfried line .
however , by 2 may german air superiority made the allied position in norway untenable , and all troops were evacuated .
communities just south of the lake were evacuated and were housed in temporary shelters at nearby high schools until the lake 's level dropped .
the day after radetzky evacuated milan , the king of sardinia declared war on austria and crossed the ticino .
4- perhaps a major success of the gis was handling the egyptian " strategic deception plan " that was carried out from 01/1970 to 10/1973 and aimed to conceal the egyptian plans to launch massive operation to free occupied sinai on 06/10/1973 starting the yom kippur war ( 6th of october war)- the plan included planting false information and hidden implied data in egyptian president sadat 's speeches and newspapers articles -for example the gis prepared to the military operations and evacuated complete sections of cairo hospitals to be ready for receiving war casualties , this evacuation that took place few days before the war started , was done after declaring false information that those hospitals were infected with tetanus .
it ’s almost impossible to get an exact figure of how many people were killed in the two bombings , since both cities had people who had evacuated since it was a time of war .
the british garrison was then evacuated from the fort to the entrenched camp , while monro was quartered in the french camp .
this plan was futile and on 7 june the king and government were evacuated to britain .
norris and page were evacuated by a british lynx helicopter , which was being flown by major william chesarek usmc ( then a captain ) as the result of an officer exchange programme .
the next morning , lee informed confederate president jefferson davis that petersburg and richmond must be evacuated , and grant launched an all - out assault ( the third battle of petersburg ) on the thinly manned confederate entrenchments .
in 2001 at al - qaeda 's hastily evacuated operations center in afghanistan , journalists uncovered evidence that the organization used the internet to research rudimentary bomb - making .
in one night alone , over 100 cases of frostbite were evacuated .
in the oro province , about 2,000 people were evacuated as a result of the flooding .
units of the norfolk yeomanry were among the last to be evacuated from the suvla beachhead on 20 december .
during the cuban missile crisis in 1962 , the families of military personnel were evacuated from the base . notified of the evacuation on october 22 ,
they were evacuated by sea from newry to dublin .
even during wartime , when the soviet film industry had been evacuated to alma - ata , pyryev made popular and light - hearted features .
over 338,000 troops were evacuated in total .
the french administration was determined to bring about a full protectorate on the island , and thus evacuated its nonessential citizens from the region .
in october , both okb-293 and rnii were evacuated to the urals , along with most of moscow 's war industry .
once the village 's population is rescued and evacuated , the four freighters and three x - wings jump into hyperspace .
upwards of 20,000 people watched from the nearby temple street garage and other buildings , and residents of nearby apartments were evacuated .
the company personnel evacuated to france , and then left for england .
in 1944 , when most of the kwip was evacuated to hechingen in southern germany due to air raids on berlin , he went there too , and he was the institute ’s deputy director there .
in 1783 , he was evacuated with other british troops to britain .
those wounded who were not evacuated by the red cross were sent into detention .
she was evacuated in 1940 during the blitz to stay with relatives in devonshire , where she contracted tuberculosis and peritonitis .
the cathode is built into the center of an evacuated , lobed , circular chamber .
sablin was evacuated from odessa in 1920 and subsequently lived in constantinople , berlin and paris .
in an ebpvd system , the deposition chamber is evacuated to a pressure of 10 - 4 torr .
by july 23 , israeli magen david adom emergency teams have been called to 505 rocket landing sites in which they have treated and evacuated 976 casualties ( 36 fatalities , 19 severely , 39 moderately and 278 lightly injured , and 604 anxiety attacks ) .
as a result of the breach , lesterville was voluntarily evacuated .
although in the post - war period earlier german sources often cited the number of evacuated and expelled germans at 16 million and the death toll at between 1.7 and 2.5 million , today , the numbers are considered by some historians to be exaggerated and more likely in the range between 400,000 to 600,000 .
pagan complied by replacing maung ok , but on january 6 1852 , when the new governor declined to meet with a british delegation , all british subjects were evacuated and the coast blockaded .
during the second world war work switched to military production , the plant being evacuated twice in the course of the war .
on may 8 , 1950 , eight dikes collapsed , four of the city 's eleven bridges were destroyed , and nearly 100,000 people had to be evacuated , making it canada 's largest evacuation in history .
the csu cancelled all remaining orientation activities , and instead used its venues to temporarily shelter the evacuated dawson students and provide them with food , water , blankets and phones to reach other loved ones .
in 542 the romans evacuated the town and demolished its citadel to prevent it from being captured by sassanid iran .
at the end of this campaign , the 6th division was evacuated to egypt and crete .
shot in the stomach , he was evacuated through the 14th field ambulance to the 1st australian casualty clearing station where he clung to life for six days before dying of his wounds on 10 september .
the local population was evacuated , but was able to return home when the war ended .
the train passengers were evacuated onto the platform and its shoes were lifted from the third rail to cut off the power , whereupon the burning subsided .
after a coast guard response , passengers were evacuated to nearby good samaritan vessels to be taken to sitka and booms were laid out to encircle the stranded , empty vessel .
by the afternoon of may 2nd all rebel forces were evacuated and the croatian army had achieved all of its initial aims .
following the cease - fire , " chenango " supported the occupation forces and evacuated some 1,900 allied prisoners of war and 1,500 civilians from slave labor camps .
though seriously wounded , major hoshiar singh refused to be evacuated till the ceasefire .
after departing guam on 25 july , " warren " evacuated marine casualties to espiritu santo .
it supported the push into the town on 15 december , but with the german offensive in the ardennes the bridgehead was evacuated , and the 90th division established defensive positions on the west bank .
the station had suffered some flooding and been evacuated due to the complete cancellation of train service in germany .
during the second world war , william along with his three brothers frederick , john and dennis was evacuated from blitz - torn plymouth to penzance .
in fact the populace of memel east of the neman river was evacuated to the western parts of east prussia in late summer 1944 .
docklands stadium was evacuated when roofing at gate 3 collapsed .
a typical vircator is built inside an evacuated resonant cavity or waveguide .
her hull was evacuated to petrograd when the germans approached the port in late 1917 and laid up incomplete during the russian revolution .
a study was taken five years after the storm , consisting of a group of 112 people who were evacuated or received monetary assistance in response to the cyclone ; the study showed 12% of the respondents as experiencing posttraumatic stress disorder , of which they reported a general lack of assistance and public support .
into november , she evacuated leyte casualties to hollandia , mantis , and new caledonia .
the earthquake caused little to no structural damage , but as a precaution , government buildings in richmond were evacuated and inspected for damage .
many germans were evacuated from east prussia and the memel territory by nazi authorities during operation hannibal or fled in panic as the red army approached .
like all the israeli settlements in the gaza strip , katif was evacuated as part of the unilateral disengagement plan , decided on by the israeli government in 2004 .
in niue , anticipating that the storm would bring catastrophic damage , 1300 residents sought shelter in their homes while others evacuated coastal areas to higher ground .
from 1941 to the end of 1943 , population dropped from 3 million to less than 700 thousand , as people died in battles , starved to death during the siege of leningrad or were evacuated .
his unit was evacuated from dunkirk two days later .
the ship was lost , but passengers , crew and cattle were evacuated onto the island -- still known as " cattle island " to this day from the marooned beasts . "
twenty - five marines , wounded on shore in heavy fighting with the fanatical japanese defenders , were evacuated to the ship for medical treatment while the ship lay to off the beachhead .
finnish civilians were evacuated when lapland war between germany and the finns broke out autumn 1944 .
because of this , children were evacuated to ireland or the united states .
" radioactive warfare can be used ... to make evacuated areas uninhabitable ... against large cities , to promote panic , and create casualties among civilian populations ...
it took the flood threats in 1993 and again in 1995 , when over 200.000 people had to be evacuated and the dikes only just held , to put plans into action .
he was adopted by amnesty international and other human rights organizations , which allowed him to be evacuated to france in november 1976 .
cartimandua was evacuated , and venutius was left in control of the north of the country .
after shangri - la is evacuated , he is left stumbling through the ruins of his kingdom , covered in animal waste .
according to the " taejong sillok " ( " annals of king taejong " ) , the mainland government forcibly evacuated the islands during taejong 's reign , in accordance to the " vacant island policy "
he was evacuated to the people 's republic of yugoslavia at the age of 8 .
three were already dead ( two handcuffed together in the back of one of the suvs and the other on the ground ) and the fourth died while being evacuated to a nearby hospital .
the fire spread quickly , assisted by strong winds , and all 160 people in the building had to be evacuated .
on april 29 , a small group of army nurses were evacuated , with other passengers , aboard a navy pby catalina .
it was evacuated in 1943 along with the town of hanford to make room for the nuclear production facility known as the hanford site .
wrangel evacuated the army to constantinople in november 1920 .
the group evacuated 239 civilians without a single casualty in only nine days .
by the time she was back in fighting trim , the army of the potomac had evacuated the peninsula and had moved north to help to defend washington .
all passengers and some of the crew were evacuated during the following night , and during the following three days all cars carried on board were transported to shore .
he is injured in the crash and has to be medically evacuated .
meanwhile , with the arrival of the nrrf , the survivors of the earlier nref were subsequently evacuated .
a practical vacuum flask is a bottle made of metal , glass , or plastic with hollow walls ; the narrow region between the inner and outer wall is evacuated of air .
he went on to land the duke of savoy at naples and evacuated the gallery of florence to sicily , ahead of the invading french .
nikolayev was evacuated to tashkent along with other musicians , after germany invaded russia in 1941 , and died there in 1942 .
following the war the squadron evacuated allied prisoners of war from europe until it was disbanded on 29 october 1945 .
ten people needed to be evacuated from their homes due to rising waters .
after saddam 's move against them in 1996 , about 700 iraqi national congress activists and fighters were evacuated to the us , along with 6,000 pro - western iraqi kurds .
occupied by the turkish army in 1915 during world war i , it was evacuated in 1917 .
a coal mine in gibson county , indiana , was also evacuated after the earthquake , but miners returned to work shortly afterwards .
