by the first decade of the twentieth century , the evangelistic ministry of billy sunday had grown dramatically in both size and income , and sunday ’s wife , nell began to travel with her husband and manage the campaign staff .
the church is evangelistic .
babalola 's evangelistic success in efon - alaaye was a remarkable one .
from 1997 to 1998 , she traveled with revival ministries international leading worship for evangelistic crusades in the united states and abroad .
they carry out an evangelistic ministry similar to billy graham 's .
the obsc 's origins are found in two smaller pentecostal groups which can be traced to the azusa street revival : the bible standard conference founded in eugene , oregon in 1919 and the open bible evangelistic association founded in des moines , iowa in 1932 ; as both were similar in doctrine and structure , the two groups amalgamated in 1935 .
with two radio stations , calvary evangelistic mission made the decision to broadcast mostly from wbmj and to combine the two stations into one radio network .
the maramon convention is the largest annual christian gathering in asia , organized by the mar thoma evangelistic association , the missionary wing of the mar thoma church .
the american tract society ( ats ) is a publishing organization that publishes evangelistic christian literature .
the portuguese colonizers had the evangelistic mentality .
mark pennells and zarc porter have also continued to put together evangelistic bands as part of the innervation trust including shinemk , v*enna , thebandwithnoname , tbc and others .
he noted that parker 's greek new testament was " worn to a frazzle " and that when he preached on hell , parker would first discuss all the greek and hebrew words translated " hell " in the bible before launching into an evangelistic message .
however , the abuses of the encomenderos and , above all , the evangelistic character of the spanish state — which based its right over the land and persons of the indies on the papal charge to evangelize them — created an impetus for a better organized missionary involvement .
carey and melford halls are assigned to the state street ministry , an evangelistic effort aimed at university of wisconsin – madison students .
being well known in zürich , grebel left the work to others and set out on an evangelistic mission to the surrounding cities .
oral roberts evangelistic association .
he infused new spirit and vigor into the evangelistic work of the church .
alpheus paget wilkes ( 19 january 1871 – 5 october 1934 ) was an english evangelical christian missionary to japan who was one of the founders of the japan evangelistic band in 1903 .
after serving a stint in the air force as a chaplain service specialist ( a non - commissioned officer assigned to assist commissioned air force chaplains ) , he founded , successively , the united church of jesus christ for all people in beaufort , south carolina , the united christian evangelistic association in boston , massachusetts ( which was his main corporate entity ) , and the christ community united church in new york city .
the station is currently owned by new life evangelistic center .
charles mccallon alexander ( 1867 - 1920 ) , a native of east tennessee , was a popular 19th century gospel singer who worked the evangelistic circuit for many years .
cruse began ministering at the age of six alongside her family , the cruse family , a well - known evangelistic musical group .
danny hood evangelistic association sold the station to current owner withers broadcasting , owner of wdtv and , at the time , krex - tv in grand junction , colorado , both cbs affiliates .
this is when three disciples meet once a week and pray for three non - christians each , nine in total for a period of a month , before inviting the people prayed for to evangelistic events called nets , with the hope that they will follow christ .
garner ted moved to tyler , texas where he founded the church of god international and the garner ted armstrong evangelistic association , through which he would soon return to the television airwaves .
and so it is easy for the court to lose sight of what the university students and the court of appeals found so obvious , and to blanch the patently and frankly evangelistic character of the magazine by unrevealing allusions to religious points of view .
often a new paper was started whenever a millerite evangelistic campaign entered a new area .
the university bible fellowship ( korean : 대학생성경읽기선교회 ) is an evangelistic non - denominational christian organization that originated in south korea in 1961 .
dr. savelle , as he is erroneously known , first established his ministry , jerry savelle evangelistic association , in 1974 as a traveling ministry with only one employee .
according to a recent " christian yearbook " , it now has ten churches , four evangelistic meeting places , a membership of almost two thousand five hundred , and thirty one pastors .
in addition , he was a member of the quincy school committee , where he served for 10 years , a member of the quincy rotary club and the quincy historical society , and director of the evangelistic association of new england .
the churches of god , general conference ( winebrenner ) ( coggc ) is a baptist christian denomination in the united states originating in the revivalism and evangelistic efforts of john winebrenner .
card parties , dances , theaters , all represent agencies of the devil to distract the attention of men and women away from spirituality ... ” while aimee semple macpherson had traveled extensively in her evangelical work prior to arriving in baltimore , she was first “ discovered ” by the newspapers while sitting with her mother in the red plush parlor of the belvedere hotel on december 5 , 1919 , a day after conducting evangelistic services at the lyric opera house .
bosworth was at the time growing in his ministry , beginning with personal witnessing , then doing evangelistic work with another experienced minister , before stepping out into his own independent ministry .
unlike many other evangelists of his era , vaughn delivered his evangelistic messages in a non - confrontational tone .
bill hybels , pastor of willow creek community church and founder of willow creek association , was raised in the christian reformed church , but left , and was a critic of the crc 's apparent lack of evangelistic focus .
the station is currently owned by new life evangelistic center .
owned by the international harvesters for christ evangelistic association , the station was licenced in 2008 .
the vision was said to have occurred during a visit by james and ellen white to otsego , michigan to encourage the evangelistic workers there .
besides the events on specific university campuses , the afes ran various evangelistic rallies with many christian groups from different universities attending .
in their evangelistic campaigns , pastors have invited believers to stay away from pagan idols and refrain from participation in pagan rituals .
in 1875 he added a fourth color to the design of the three - color evangelistic device : gold - to " represent heaven " .
in the evangelistic tradition of the diocese , he belonged to no party and his ability , humanity and broad outlook , made him an excellent leader of his church .
on 2 october 1997 , the appellant , alison redmond - bate , and two other women , all members of an evangelistic christian organization , were preaching outside wakefield cathedral .
currently , degrees in theology ( b.a. ) [ pastoral / evangelistic ministry , teaching , or ministry , pre - counseling / pre - chaplaincy ministry ] , religious education ( b.s. ) , and pastoral studies ( m.a. ) are offered .
he was one time president of the london baptist association ; and an active participant and committee member in the billy graham evangelistic association 's 1955 all - scotland and london crusades and the 1966 london crusade .
after her conversion as a teenager at an evangelistic street meeting , she led prayer services in homes .
they brought missionaries to carry out evangelistic work in order to establish churches in communion with rome under the portuguese patronage .
repent america ( ra ) is a christian evangelistic group based in philadelphia , pennsylvania , in the united states .
as an international figure he was a joint founder of african evangelistic enterprise .
he was superintendent of the irish church missions to the roman catholics from 1919 to 1936 , where he engaged in evangelistic missions in dublin and often in controversies with roman catholic apologists .
the christian evangelistic assemblies is an umbrella organization for non - denominational christianity .
in october 1910 , white city served as the home of a major christian evangelistic crusade .
amid descriptions of various evangelistic activity , acts indicates that a number of jesus ' relatives , including his mother mary and his brother james , were involved in the movement .
on 2 march 1926 wu daoyuan and luke gao held an evangelistic service in changli resulting in sixty two people being baptised , in niutiaowan - twenty - seven baptised and in qingshui - eleven baptised .
recently , a number of satellite broadcasted live evangelistic events have been undertaken by evangelists such as doug batchelor , mark finley and dwight nelson , addressing audiences in up to 40 languages simultaneously .
zbc 's sole purpose is to educate and prepare pentecostal leaders for work in pastoral ministry , prophetic ministry , evangelistic ministry and teaching .
later the mar thoma evangelistic association assumed direct management of the hoskote mission and renamed it hoskote mission and medical centre .
there is also the new life evangelistic center and the jefferson arms apartments .
it is " an evangelistic ministry to young people with ages from 12 to 21 . "
in 1813 she was at geneva , where she established the faith of a band of young pietists in revolt against the calvinist church authorities notably henri louis empeytaz , afterwards the companion of her crowning evangelistic triumph .
" soul in the city london " was a 2004 outreach mission in which " 20,000 young people from all over the world gathered to show the love of god through practical projects and evangelistic events . "
evangelistic efforts .
he is the best evangelistic worker and the most successful organizer that we have ever had in the mission .
many evangelistic techniques that had been developed on the mainland were put to good use in the church 's new home base .
in the 1960s they traveled within the united states , holding tent revivals and evangelistic meetings .
some members are called of god and endowed by the spirit for functions recognized by the church in pastoral , evangelistic , apostolic , and teaching ministries particularly needed to equip the members for service , to build up the church to spiritual maturity , and to foster unity of the faith and knowledge of god .
christianity explored is an informal christian evangelistic teaching course developed by rico tice and barry cooper at all souls church , langham place , a leading evangelical church of england church , and published by the good book company .
this successful work led to invitations to preach at churches in the surrounding area ; his itinerant evangelistic work began at this point .
in 1925 the organization 's homeland headquarters moved from mrs. beezley 's briefcase to the a room in the kletzing building at the chicago evangelistic institute ( now vennard college ) at 1804 washington boulevard , chicago , illinois .
roberts resigned his pastoral ministry with the pentecostal holiness church to found oral roberts evangelistic association ( orea ) .
the major churches are holy trinity church , saint mary 's catholic church , st. monica 's catholic church , christ church okpuala , churubim and saraphim and holiness evangelistic church to mention a few .
throughout the 1890s , gray worked alongside d. l. moody in the latter 's evangelistic campaigns in new york , boston and chicago , and gray became connected moody bible institute serving in a variety of positions from summer guest lecturer ( beginning in 1892 ) to dean , executive secretary , and finally , president ( the third , after d. l. moody and r. a. torrey ) from 1904 to 1934 .
the nation was burmese ; its lost province was british ; and the missionaries were american , but the " apostle " of that first numerically significant evangelistic breakthrough was neither british nor american nor burman .
it can be surmised that foreign christian merchants were visiting the coastal towns of south canara during that period for commerce and possibly some christian priests might have accompanied them for evangelistic work .
amazing facts operates the amazing facts center of evangelism ( afcoe ) . " afcoe trains and equips clergy and lay people in all aspects of evangelistic ministry . "
afes groups run a variety of activities , such as regular public bible talks , smaller bible studies , prayer groups , mid - year conferences and evangelistic outreach events .
these tend to be more evangelistic events with themes chosen to be more accessible to the wider community .
in 1904 , chapman began work on an evangelistic campaign to maximize the efforts of his field evangelists and result in more converts .
in the summer of that year he had occasion to spend a few days with mr. moody at his home in northfield , massachusetts , and during his visit there mr. moody persuaded him to enter evangelistic work under his direction , which he did that autumn .
he conducted successful evangelistic crusades annually in each of his districts as well as others in kingston , jamaica ; tema , ghana ; warsaw , poland ; nairobi , kenya ; and two in london , england .
amish churches are generally not evangelistic , nor do they generally embrace doctrines like the assurance of salvation , and on these points they are also different from the weavertown congregation .
many cliff college graduates still choose to do christian missionary and evangelistic work both in the united kingdom and abroad .
this program serves as a means for supporter of the organization to partner with us to have certain evangelistic teaching and resource materials translated in different languages .
since then , palau has held many large - scale evangelistic festivals and gatherings around the world .
they formed the bethel worldwide evangelistic band in 1931 .
subritzky 's faith healing ministry , dove ministries , distributes pamphlets , books , videos etc . of his teaching and his evangelistic healing meetings .
the world wide message tribe formed in 1991 , and grew out of an evangelistic project called " message to schools " run by fashion designer mark pennells and singer andy hawthorne .
his widow shirley continues to serve as the vice - president of the garner ted armstrong evangelistic association , and continues to reside in the hideaway bay area of flint , a small community outside tyler , texas .
that film 's success led the bgea to buy ross 's production company , and hire him as the president of a new bgea subsidiary incorporated as the billy graham evangelistic film ministry ( which was to be wwp 's official name until 1980 ) .
although this effectively ended his evangelistic work , he continued preaching and publishing articles in such magazines as " christian commonwealth " and " public opinion " , focusing particularly on scholarly issues such as the translation of the revised version .
she accompanied the brothers on their evangelistic journeys throughout britain , until charles ceased to travel in 1765 .
it owes its origins to an evangelistic programme conducted by bishop robert mcalister , a canadian missionary in the pentecostal tradition .
he was the founder of oral roberts evangelistic association and oral roberts university .
once again , social issues ( " elevator muzik " humorously trashes american materialism , " the chair " addresses the plight of paraplegics , and the title track deals with the destructive effects of divorce on children ) , spiritual struggles ( " the crossing , " " alienated " and " ca n't do it on my own " ) and evangelistic challenges to the listener ( " first degree apathy " and " stark / spare " ) dominate the songs on the record .
they also combine the forces of the local churches for evangelistic and general devotional work , open - air services , efforts on behalf of sunday observance , and the prevention of gambling .
the song was first published in 1912 and popularized during the billy sunday evangelistic campaigns of the early twentieth century by two members of his staff , homer rodeheaver and virginia asher .
they have five children together : virginia leftwich ( gigi ) graham tchividjian ( b. 1945 ) ; anne graham lotz ( b. 1948 ; runs angel ministries ) ; ruth graham ( b. 1950 ; founder and president of ruth graham & friends ) ; franklin graham ( b. 1952 ; administers an international relief organization called samaritan 's purse and will be his father 's successor at the billy graham evangelistic association ) ; and nelson " ned " graham ( b.1958 ; a pastor who runs east gates international , which distributes christian literature in china ) .
cfc - singles for christ ( cfc - sfc ) is a catholic evangelistic ministry for single men and women .
the evangelistic association church service is broadcast every sunday with out fail .
when there was an evangelistic series in mwanza , tanzania , african volunteers were invited to come for training in how to use satellite dishes .
the station is currently owned by calvary evangelistic mission , inc. and features programing from salem communications .
among chapman 's disciples on the evangelistic circuit was billy sunday .
readers are the only nationally accredited and canonically governmed lay ministry in the cofe. their theological training enables them to preach , teach , and lead worship , and they are also able to assist in pastoral , evangelistic and liturgical work .
trans world radio ( twr ) is a multinational christian evangelistic broadcaster .
it has been argued that some christian acts are controversial because they do not meet the fundamental evangelistic association 's criteria for a truly " christian " song : must be doctrinally and politically correct , and contains no syncopation .
hell houses have been criticized for misleading potential patrons that they are a conventional halloween attraction rather than an evangelistic presentation .
through a program of modern , relevant music , evangelistic concerts , prayer and caring community , the parramatta songsters have become one of the premier salvation army choirs in australia , boasting a wide range of generations within their healthy membership .
ten years later he joined the assemblies of god , assisting the sturgeons on their evangelistic campaign in 1948 and , afterwards , accepting an appointment to pastor a pentecostal assembly in orange , today known as " orange christian ministry centre " .
but mr. diefenbaker provided the liveliest show of the election ... and many listeners undoubtedly failed to notice that he was saying even less then the prime minister , though saying it more shrilly and with evangelistic fervour ...
as a jewish christian , he has carried a few evangelistic campaigns targeted at the jewish community , drawing some condemnation from anti - missionary organizations and claims of deceptive practices .
vennard spent the next several years teaching part time simultaneously at the chicago evangelistic institute , depaul university and the american conservatory .
the influences of new england christianity , consisting of the inherited puritan foundation with added evangelistic , missional , and philanthropic elements , were evident in the payson family .
in - other - words , do not allow any mormon people to view the video or learn of our intended evangelistic outreach until after march 25 , 2007 .
in the early 1980 ’s , peter tan - chi began an evangelistic home bible study in brookside subdivision , cainta .
the station is currently owned by billy ray locklear evangelistic association .
contributions to the evangelistic life of churches .
finney believed that this experience might provide a solution to a problem he observed during his evangelistic revivals .
global mission pioneers share the gospel through a holistic ministry including : caring for the sick , teaching agricultural skills , running literacy programs , holding evangelistic meetings , and giving bible studies .
at the end of season 9 , the ori begin an evangelistic crusade with their warships and effortlessly wipe out the combined fleet of earth and its allies .
he was the preacher for the first ever adventist satellite evangelistic series " the next millennium seminar " in 1998 .
in the service of moody church she met her future husband , william asher , who had been converted at the same evangelistic meeting as healey , and they were married on december 14 , 1887 .
in so doing , argyle park flaunted the general expectation within the christian music industry that bands will be positive and evangelistic .
during 1891 , he conducted evangelistic tours in pennsylvania and ontario , canada .
while at deets college lillenas was on a college group that held evangelistic services most weekends .
leigh appears regularly on qvc , and her evangelistic travels have taken her to over 30 countries and throughout the united states .
its success opened the way in 1992 for prison fellowship to take in - prison evangelistic programs called “
in 1985 , wbmj passed into the hands of calvary evangelistic mission .
another significant contribution made by jesse bader to the evangelistic life of the churches was the religious census .
in 1954 the met was sold to the reverend thea jones , who used the met for a huge church congregation , the philadelphia evangelistic center , that filled the building .
" gameroom " continues the trend begun on " d.m.z. " of directly addressing the concerns of a high - school aged audience , and the album closes with a powerful evangelistic message from glenn kaiser , which was typical of the band 's live performances .
they were best friends during college , but went their separate ways after graduation ; scott went to florida with an evangelistic crusade , and met pastors randy and paula white , who invited him to move to tampa to help them develop the south tampa christian center ( now known as without walls international church ) .
in 1989 , fletcher 's church called him as its unpaid pastor , but he grew to question some of the church 's doctrines and desired that it be more evangelistic .
hine continued his evangelistic ministry in england working among the displaced polish refugee community .
this same east coast tour led to the rapturous aforementioned " rolling stone " cover story that praised the mc5 with nearly evangelistic zeal , and also to an association with the radical group up against the wall motherfuckers .
during his time in falkirk he was appointed president of the scottish evangelistic council ( 1982 - 85 ) , convener of community care , social responsibility ( 1977 - 85 ) and then convener of the board of social responsibility of the church of scotland ( 1985 - 89 ) .
the voluntary evangelistic association was established in 1924 , as a voluntary lay movement of the church .
since its early years , the oiccu has held an annual week of evangelistic events including apologetics talks and a summary of the gospel .
he then traveled extensively in the united states and throughout the world to preach and conduct evangelistic meetings .
until mid-2007 , the new life evangelistic center also owned a station in new bloomfield , missouri , knlj ; that station has since been sold to the christian television network .
the range includes pastoral and counselling titles , ranges for christmas and easter , and more general evangelistic materials .
over the next few years 18 congregations were establised as a direct result of their evangelistic endeavors .
gospel blues is a form of blues - based gospel music that has been around since the inception of blues music , a combination of blues guitar and evangelistic lyrics .
in the 2009 grs bulletin , barrett emphasized that the seminary should connect " head and heart — the intellect and devotion " and that the seminary should have an " unapologetic and uncompromising commitment to a reformed theology that is christ - centered , biblical , evangelistic , and separatist . "
lyrically , most progressive southern gospel songs are patterned after traditional southern gospel in that they maintain a clear evangelistic and/or testimonial slant .
the main gymnasium also doubles as an auditorium , which is used for daily chapel services , special evangelistic meetings , and fine arts .
featured in this hymnbook is a compilation of classic hymns , martyr songs from the ausbund , evangelistic and gospel songs and tunes from the harmonia sacra .
cerullo , whose evangelistic ministry is based in san diego , california , was born in passaic , new jersey to a russo jewish / italian family .
kōbe was the center of these evangelistic efforts and became the church headquarters of the sanctifying christ church .
in the late 1990s , r. e. jackson would produce " an evaluation of the evangelistic emphasis of the north american power evangelism movement , 1977 - 1997 " as an aid to skeptics , d. williams produced " signs , wonders , and the kingdom of god : a biblical guide for the reluctant skeptic " .
two weeks later the preacher had an evangelistic meeting in the neighborhood .
the cumulative total since 1998 is 50,576,397 evangelistic contacts with a reported 8,963,161 decisions made for christ ( 17.7 percent of contacts ) and 2,944,075 ( 32.8 percent of decisions ) initial discipleship follow - ups .
in the opening episode of the third series , westlife member nicky byrne , was dressed up as mick byrne , " an evangelistic garda from kiltimagh on a mission to clean up the mean streets of swords . "
billy graham evangelistic association ( 1947 to present ) .
eleven years into sunday 's evangelistic career , both he and his wife had been pushed to their emotional limits .
" ccm " magazine stated that the lyrics showed that the band had an " evident evangelistic zeal . "
ralph m. herzig was elected as executive trustee and director of the laymen ’s home missionary movement in 2004 , and assumes the office of general editor of the bible standard and present truth magazines as well as overseeing the pilgrim service , which among other things serves as a speakers bureau serving its many congregations and tendering evangelistic service to outside groups and individuals on request .
the hall held bible classes in the daytime and was the venue for evangelistic services in the evening .
the school was seen as as extension of evangelistic ministry or as " the church involved in education and ministry training " .
the two groups are now working together in many areas of church ministry , meetings , and evangelistic outreach .
he opposes the billy graham organisation 's mission tours because graham has associated with catholics and compromised on the exclusive claims of christ ( quoting from billy graham interviews with robert schuller and david frost ) in the furtherance of his evangelistic work .
the duty of organizing this meeting was given to the mar thoma evangelistic association and the first convention was held in 1895 at maramon .
ruth bliss - kramer , mnn producer , reports that even in countries completely closed to evangelistic outreach , people still have access to mnn on the internet , a blessed opportunity for ministry .
schorer also says that , while researching the book , lewis attended two or three church services every sunday while in kansas city , and that : " he took advantage of every possible tangential experience in the religious community . " the result is a novel that satirically represents the religious activity of america in evangelistic circles and the attitudes of the 1920s toward it .
he was the art director for the billy graham evangelistic association c.a .
dr. patten became a highly successful national evangelist , arrived in oakland , california , in 1944 and began an evangelistic crusade there .
some offerings were taken up for independent causes , such as for the evangelistic work of reinhard bonnke and his team .
as a cardinal in poland , the future pope was heavily influenced toward evangelistic efforts by joe losiak , a polish american student who had attended explo ' 72 and introduced its concepts to roman catholic officials in poland .
the southern phase of the awakening " was an important matrix of barton stone 's reform movement " and shaped the evangelistic techniques used by both stone and the campbells .
the album included songs drawn from among those she sang with her family in their evangelistic outreaches .
the hymnal also tried to avoid the inclusion of songs used for evangelistic meetings and rallies so as to preserve the sacredness of the music that is meant for worship .
in 1993 , he founded jesus christ is calling you evangelistic ministry , inc. and launched a series of large scale revival tent meetings throughout hawaii .
for the next twenty - two years until his retirement , jesse bader continued in this position ( and the similar position in the national council of churches of christ in the usa which succeeded the federal council in 1950 ) providing inspired evangelistic leadership for the member churches and their local communities .
in the late 1990s , she again performed in concerts , evangelistic meetings and churches across the united states .
t.d. jakes church services and evangelistic sermons are broadcast on " the potter 's touch " , which airs on the trinity broadcasting network , black entertainment television , the daystar television network , and the word network .
in 1872 pringle 's wife separated from her husband to pursue evangelistic work , and they formally divorced on october 16 , 1877 .
also located here is the quirino grandstand , which apart from the regular " miting de avance " ( spanish : political gatherings ) , is also a popular rendezvous of various religious groups , such as the charmismatic catholic el shaddai and popular american - based protestant movements , such as benny hinn international ministries and billy graham evangelistic association .
the station is currently owned by the bill davidson evangelistic association .
he was present in many international evangelistic conferences in tokyo and other places .
among its principles were that its evangelistic workers should " live by faith " .
denominational evangelistic leadership showed even more remarkable growth .
the limelight department produced evangelistic material for use by the salvation army , including lantern slides as early as 1891 , as well as private and government contracts .
he was also a popular preacher , who preached at many special services , including anniversaries , conferences ( such as urbana 84 ) , and at evangelistic meetings particularly in canada , the usa , and in italy .
by 1948 , rice believed graham might become another dwight l. moody or billy sunday , and graham 's evangelistic successes were regularly trumpeted in the pages of " the sword of the lord " .
it had been selected as a mission field of the evangelistic association .
among those churches where he held evangelistic services was the wesleyan methodist church in new jersey where the father of george beverly shea was the pastor .
in the 1890s , the couple held open - air evangelistic meetings near the original ferris wheel , built for the world 's columbian exposition in chicago ( 1893 ) .
he was so disenchanted with the bush administration that he wrote a commentary in the minneapolis star tribune claiming that president bush and vice president dick cheney " spew outright untruths with evangelistic fervor " and calling cheney an evil man who was the real decision maker in the administration .
pastor locke has travelled all over the world for over ten years in full - time evangelistic work .
he is also the president of grace international which was formerly known as christian evangelistic assemblies .
“ we desire to see the kingdom of god once more the great object of christian preaching ; the inspiration of christian hymnology ; the foundation of systematic theology ; the enduring motive of evangelistic and missionary work ; the religious inspiration of social work and the object to which a christian man surrenders his life , and in that surrender saves it to eternal life ; the common object in which all religious bodies find their unity ; the great synthesis in which the regeneration of the spirit , the enlightenment of the intellect , the development of the body , the reform of political life , the sanctification of industrial life , and all that concerns the redemption of humanity shall be embraced . ”
a linked missionary organisation , grace baptist mission , ( formerly the strict baptist mission ) supports evangelistic work in over 13 countries worldwide .
church army is an evangelistic church of england organisation operating in many parts of the anglican communion .
the movement traces its roots to reverend john wesley 's evangelistic revival movement in the anglican church .
some " orthodox " beachy amish churches , most notably in kentucky and illinois , still resemble moses beachy 's early congregation ; for example , they use german in services and do not support evangelistic missionary work .
he preached his first sermon in 1976 and went into full time evangelistic ministry in 1978 .
he was converted to the christian faith under the preaching of the rev. d.o. fox , who assisted at the time of the well - known taylor evangelistic meeting in 1873 .
since missionaries often travel to areas or people groups where jesus is not yet known , they frequently take on an evangelistic role .
the band 's purpose was expressly evangelistic .
it proved to be good preparation for his later evangelistic career .
william branham says that his evangelistic healing ministry started one night during his search for personal meaning .
the tombstone is bluish limestone slab , by bearing a shield charged with a double - headed eagle surrounded by gothic foliage ; round the edge of the slab runs a marginal inscription with the evangelistic symbols at the four angles — " sepultura de la schola de sclavoni año dñi mcccclxxxxi " ( " the burial place of the guild of slavonians " ) .
typically of a religious nature , some of the non - hcjb produced programs broadcast from the station were the pacific garden mission 's " unshackled ! " , the billy graham evangelistic association 's hour of decision , the salvation army 's " wonderful words of life " and moody bible institute radio station wmbi 's " nightsounds " with bill pearce , among many others .
shakarian used his organizational abilities to facilitate evangelistic campaigns , in particularly working with charles s. price .
from 1873 on , " the converted gypsies " were involved in numerous evangelistic efforts .
some evangelical figures , such as billy graham , have been willing to pursue common evangelistic projects with roman catholic , orthodox , and mainline protestant churches .
he preached at crusades , revivals , religious rallies and evangelistic conferences around the world .
in 1959 , he created the non - profit sumner evangelistic foundation .
subsequently the period 1880–1903 has been described as " a period of unusual evangelistic effort and success " , and again sometimes more of a " resurgence " of the previous wave .
arbca is strongly evangelistic .
evangelistic services are particularly frequent in the chinese ministry , with many chinese christian celebrities and pastors coming to share their faith with new comers , such as huang xiu ling , a veteran news broadcaster in “ channel 8 news ” of mediacorp , a media corporation based in singapore .
in 1974 , the james robison evangelistic association purchased a hunting and fishing lodge near hawkins , tx , which the association developed into brookhaven retreat , a not - for - profit christian camp and retreat center , still in operation today under different management .
however , his radical ideology always deferred to his evangelistic christian beliefs .
the jesus army frequently engages in evangelistic activities in public places , seeking through outreach to demonstrate the love of jesus and the moving of the holy spirit .
while the campbells resisted what they saw as the spiritual manipulation of the camp meetings , the southern phase of the awakening " was an important matrix of barton stone 's reform movement " and shaped the evangelistic techniques used by both stone and the campbells .
blahyi is now the president of the end time train evangelistic ministries inc. , with headquarters in liberia .
on joining the ministry he followed deep evangelistic trends .
in this way , it can be seen that the goals of the reductions were not only evangelistic , but also demographic , economic , and political .
the act also has three semi - independent associations : the mothers ' union ( mu ) , the tanzania anglican youth organization ( tayo ) and the anglican evangelistic association ( aea )
the rock is owned and operated by calvary evangelistic mission , inc.
he devoted a very large part of his time at london in actual evangelistic work ; and to the end his interest in the pastoral side of the work of the clergy was greater than anything else .
he conducted evangelistic and faith healing crusades across america and around the world .
it is the purpose of central bible college to provide bible - centered courses of training to prepare christian workers for effectual service at home and abroad ; to maintain an institution which shall foster and nourish the spiritual life of its students ; to stimulate missionary and evangelistic interest and zeal ; and to serve as an instrument to perpetuate and strengthen the distinctive testimony and ministry of the assemblies of god .
cerullo has claimed that giving money to send evangelistic booklets to jewish people would result in family members becoming christians .
what gundry suggests is anathema to strict dispensationalists whose pre - tribulationalism demands a complete separation of the church from israel and a primary commitment of the almighty to israel within the crucible of the 70th week of daniel — although dispensationalists recognize a redemptive witness to the gentiles through the evangelistic witness of the 144,000 jewish evangelists .
today , he is an evangelical preacher leading his end time train evangelistic ministries on a crusade against war and warlords .
in 1742 the moravians established a headquarters for their evangelistic work in the north of england at lightcliffe near halifax in yorkshire .
the following works represent some of those who entered into the dialogue : j. woodhouse ’s " signs & wonders and evangelicals : a response to the teaching of john wimber " , k. l. sarles’ " an appraisal of the signs & wonders movement " , k. m. bond ’s " signs and wonders : perspectives on john wimber 's vineyard " and d. h. shepherd ’s " a critical analysis of power evangelism as an evangelistic methodology of the signs and wonders movement " .
yuri openly demonstrates with this album her evangelistic faith with a style of rancheras and gospel music .
he served as vice - president of zambia for a time under levy mwanawasa ; he has also founded evangelistic campaigns and ministries and once served as pastor of the victory bible church .
our numerous outreach evangelistic teams , choirs , drama , dance and singing groups make up for any free time outside the class room .
unwilling to wait for better weather in the spring , they broke ground during the winter months of 1847 - 48 . " " he arrived in north carolina in october of 1847 and began an evangelistic and church organizing ministry ...
hardline sinhalese buddhist organizations such as the sihala urumaya ( sinhalese heritage ) criticized the government on the same lines and also for allegedly pandering to western evangelistic christian organizations and thereby encouraging proselytizing and endangering buddhism .
in the summer of 1942 shea took a leave of absence from wmbi to join word of life ( wol ) evangelist jack wyrtzen for evangelistic crusades in the new york area .
also the evangelistic association operates a non - profit fm radio station wlps - fm ( 89.5 fm ) gospel music format offering only local talent .
" salt on the street " is a weekly evangelistic outreach program founded by cornwall church in 2000 that provides food and clothing for the homeless and poor of whatcom county , washington .
in 1945 , reidhead took an assignment with the sudan interior mission ( sim ) , surveying and analyzing indigenous languages in preparation for evangelistic and educational efforts near the sudan - ethiopia border .
traditional adventist evangelistic efforts consisted of street missions and the distribution of tracts such as " the present truth " , which was published by james white as early as 1849 .
he is the assistant director of the billy graham training center at the cove and associate evangelist of the billy graham evangelistic association .
after returning to japan in 1942 , ōtsuki engaged in evangelistic work and led revival meetings in various locations around japan .
" babylon mystery religion " is a book first published in 1966 and reprinted in 1981 by the ralph woodrow evangelistic association .
in 1903 barclay buxton and paget wilkes founded the japan evangelistic band at the convention .
he always had one major evangelistic thrust under way - a dozen in his time - programs such as the national preaching mission , the university christian mission , the national christian teaching mission , ministry in national parks ( where visitor numbers increased to 15 million each year in the 1950s ) and the missions to the american forces during world war ii .
the billy graham evangelistic association , wycliffe bible translators ' jaars center , and sim missions organization make their homes in charlotte .
under zodhiates ' leadership , amg grew from a small ministry focusing on the land of greece to a worldwide evangelistic and relief ministry .
also in the neighborhood are a roman - catholic church and an evangelistic church .
meanwhile , he continued to hold evangelistic campaigns .
the next awakening ( 1880 - 1903 ) has been described as " a period of unusual evangelistic effort and success " , and again sometimes more of a " resurgence " of the previous wave .
through media advertisements , production and distribution of literature , producing music and organizing person - to - person evangelism , the organization asserts that " a specifically jewish mission " is necessary , saying " jewish people tend to dismiss evangelistic methods and materials that are couched in christian lingo , because they reinforce the assumption that jesus is for ' them ' not ' us . ' "
as the evangelistic mission assumed the responsibility of the mission , evangelists were appointed to the field .
she held evangelistic services in her edinburgh home open to both rich and poor , and also established several chapels in both scotland and england .
by 1900 hoople was a featured speaker in the brooklyn forward movement , a movement that united pastors of various denominations to conduct co - operative evangelistic and civic activities , and to promote temperance .
" acts of thomas " is a series of episodic acts ( latin " passio " ) that occurred during the evangelistic mission of judas thomas ( " judas the twin " ) to india .
temple b'nai abraham ( also known as deliverance temple ; deliverance evangelistic center ) is a historic synagogue and church building at 621 clinton avenue in newark , new jersey .
the mra was a multi - national group , who , led by dr. frank buchman , promoted a philosophy of love , unselfishness , purity and honesty in a world - wide evangelistic campaign .
