september 30 was an eventful day for offshore radio enthusiasts .
the company has now surmounted the difficulties of the last four eventful years , " gowen proclaimed ; but that was not an accurate assessment of all the facts .
the most popular and eventful times to enjoy the “
matches with argentina and germany have produced particularly eventful encounters .
eventful is a web service which aims to help users search for , track , and share information about events .
during its short but eventful life , no 462 squadron lost 131 airmen killed on operations and another 37 made pow .
1986–87 brought a comfortable mid table finish , plus an eventful fa vase run which eventually ended in round five at emley .
he wrote historical poems as well as commemorative , with eventful and sacramental contents .
his short , but eventful test career started with a bang .
a strong sense of duty , genuine piety , and a cautious common - sense coloured every action of his eventful life .
the 1924–25 season was quite eventful for lyner .
the last five months of the year were much less eventful in germany .
however , a glorious and eventful run in europe ended in triumph for everton and stevens when the cup winners cup was clinched , thanks to a 3 - 1 win over rapid vienna .
unfortunately , they got shut out by the nfc west and eventful nfc champion seattle seahawks 42 - 0 .
as all sporting trophies the brennus shield had a very eventful life and by the end of the xxth century was in battered condition .
in 1916 marshall and craig were joined by the artist clare ' tony ' atwood , living in a ménage à trois until craig 's death in 1947 , according to michael holroyd in his book " a strange eventful history".after ellen terry 's death in 1928 , st john and craig revised and edited terry 's " memoirs " ( 1933 ) .
eventually , after a very eventful tour of duty as a commissar , cain retired and was appointed as a tutor to the schola progenium .
it has also witnessed an eventful history , many incidents were handed down from generation to generation and these mixed with facts have become legends .
the second series is even more eventful than the first .
leeds 's long and eventful career , however , terminated soon afterwards by his death in easton neston , northamptonshire , england on 26 july 1712 .
the match itself was not as eventful as the first game , finishing 1 - 0 .
foye 's career was extremely productive and eventful at villanova , but his senior season was by far the best statistically .
on 13 july , she departed long beach with hmnzs " canterbury " , bound for the western pacific and for her most eventful series of line periods off vietnam .
but when he accidentally drops his favorite smoking pipe into the lower submerged levels of his home , his search for the pipe eventually makes him relive scenes from his eventful life .
serious documentation of noongar language began in 1842 with the publication of " a descriptive vocabulary of the language of the aborigines " by george fletcher moore , later republished in 1884 as part of moore 's " diary of ten years eventful life of an early settler in western australia " .
the amendment was passed in an eventful parliamentary session on 23rd of december 2008 with no discussion in the house .
hewett 's 1891 marriage to cora whitford proved eventful for his eventual career and prominence .
in the 1987 fa cup final against coventry city , mabbutt had an eventful game where he scored spurs ' second goal to put them 2 - 1 up but , after coventry had equalised to force extra time , he scored an own goal to give coventry a 3 - 2 win .
thus , his four eventful years in college ended without any qualification degree .
liverpool 's ministry was a long and eventful one .
edge magazine was concerned about the overwhelming power of the mega strike feature , also citing " the eventful , minute - long matches and frantic to - and - fro make mario strikers a suitable curtain - raiser for online gaming on the wii , but a balanced and deep extreme sports game this is not . " , giving it 6/10 .
his last game of the season was eventful , after scoring at loftus road against queens park rangers on 62 minutes he was sent off in stoppage time .
the interviews were eventually published as " living by the words of bhagavan " , a book which chronicled annamalai swami ’s eventful and devotional relationship with sri ramana maharshi .
at the beginning of the 2005 - 2006 season he spent an eventful spell with buxton .
this brought him into collision with the civil power , an attitude which he maintained throughout a stormy and eventful life .
during an eventful dance sequence , toby overcomes his reluctance to marry , sir barnaby gives way , and all three couples are free to marry .
betty 's hypnosis sessions were not as eventful .
the child jai singh ii , who came to the throne in these tragic circumstances , raised his family and kingdom ( known as jaipur after him ) to the first rank in rajasthan after an eventful career of 44 years .
morrell had an eventful early career , running away to sea at the age of 16 and being twice captured and imprisoned by the british during the war of 1812 .
the year was also eventful with the attainment of the local government ( ireland ) act 1898 which put the administration of local affairs into irish hands , not at all favoured by dillon before attaining full home rule .
mrs ross was now effectively set up in the business of flag and color making for the government ; through all her after life , which was a long , useful and eventful one , she " never knew what it was , " to use her own expression , " to want employment , " this business ( flag - making for the government ) remaining with her and in her family for many years .
" warren , plains to plenty : a story of 75 eventful years " , warren , minn : sheaf printing , 1956 .
in one review by barnes and noble , the novel was praised for being eventful .
his political poems in the " kladderadatsch " gained him a wide reputation , especially those written during the eventful period 1860 - 80 .
this brought to an end a relatively short but eventful career .
first , grêmio won the south - american league copa libertadores , after a consistent yet eventful campaign .
after an eventful history , it is still being used today on the llangollen railway , although now under another name .
in 1963 , this was the site of paul ’s eventful 21st birthday party , at which john lennon got drunk and beat up a local dj for intimating he was a homosexual .
the course of afghan history though not eventful is far from smooth .
the stay in the top league lasted only one year with the club finishing last after an eventful year .
under mofolo 's pen , the eventful career of chaka ( shaka ) becomes the epic tragedy of a heroic figure whose overweening ambition drives him to insane cruelty and ultimate ruin .
the eventful sports life of our town is reflected by active and successfully performing sports clubs .
after a long and eventful tour , blade ( relying on his own terrible sense of direction ) manages to get the party badly lost in the wastelands .
she had an eventful career , eventually receiving the nickname ' lucky tartar ' due to her numerous escapes from dangerous situations .
muttu virappa , mentioned above , was succeeded by the great " tirumalai nayak " , the most powerful and best - known member of his dynasty , who ruled for thirty - six eventful years .
the second patrol was more eventful , as the boat rounded florida at the end of april 1942 , taking full advantage of the lit - up settlements on the shoreline to pick and choose her targets amongst the unescorted shipping which bottlenecked between cuba and the floridan peninsula .
france played their first ever test match in 1906 against the famous " originals " new zealand team , on their way home after an eventful tour of the british isles .
wikisource had an eventful early history ( 2003–2005 ) that included several changes of name and location ( url ) , and the move to language subdomains in 2005 .
graves first wrote the work in his thirties , when he had a long and eventful life ahead of him ; the book deals mainly with his childhood , youth and military service .
her far eastern voyage in 1941 proved eventful .
at the start senna got away well from mansell , berger , patrese , and alesi , with everyone making it through the often - eventful double chicane .
she finally reached newport on 20 july , ending the eventful deployment .
eventful users can search for events worldwide by time , location , performer , and descriptive keyword .
she nonetheless had a useful and eventful career , playing an active role in british operations on foreign stations during world war i until her loss .
the mets and reds had the same record at 95–66 heading into an eventful final day of the season .
typical examples of the watchtower 's attitude are found in the watch tower society 's book publication " the finished mystery " ( ss-7 ) , 1917 edition : " also , in the year 1918 , when god destroys the churches wholesale and the church members by millions , it shall be that any that escape shall come to the works of pastor russell to learn the meaning of the downfall of ' christianity . ' " " the people who are the strength of christendom shall be cut off in the brief but terribly eventful period beginning in 1918 a.d. a third part are ' burned with fire in the midst of the city . '
the catalan campaign settled down in 1690 , but a new front in piedmont - savoy proved more eventful .
dinnertime proves to be very eventful , as many of the staff take the opportunity to pass naughty notes to each other around the table .
as a result of the territorial feelings of scarface , they become confined to a small area of the park and there are several eventful meetings between farthing and white deer park foxes on both sides of the boundary .
in an eventful debut he performed strongly , booting three goals ( including 2 from his first 2 kicks ) to become the first power player to register a trio of majors on debut .
typical examples of the watchtower 's attitude are found in the watch tower society 's book publication " the finished mystery " ( ss-7 ) , 1917 edition : " also , in the year 1918 , when god destroys the churches wholesale and the church members by millions , it shall be that any that escape shall come to the works of pastor russell to learn the meaning of the downfall of ' christianity . ' " " the people who are the strength of christendom shall be cut off in the brief but terribly eventful period beginning in 1918 a.d. a third part are ' burned with fire in the midst of the city . '
he cites cyril connolly in " enemies of promise " for whom the key eventful period in his life was his public school education - " five years in a lukewarm bath of snobbery " .
his later life has been described as " eventful and troublesome " .
isaac nathan was an anglo - australian composer , musicologist , journalist and self - publicist ( c. 1792–15 january 1864 ) who ended an eventful career of triumph and failure by becoming the " father of australian music " .
death came at the age of fifty - one and found him exhausted with the austerities and labors of his eventful career .
what would these good people think of a united states school history that took the same liberties with facts that some of our nature writers do : that , for instance , made washington take his army over the delaware in balloons , or in sleighs on the solid ice with bands playing ; or that made lincoln a victim of the evil eye ; or that portrayed his slayer as a self - sacrificing hero ; or that represented the little monitor that eventful day on hampton roads as diving under the merrimac and tossing it ashore on its beak ?
the last and most eventful action , the march for a free palestine , took place in brunswick .
for example , in shakespeare 's " the taming of the shrew " , act 4 , scene 1 , the character grumio describes the eventful coming of his master and new wife to a young servant by saying ,
a staunch imperialist , p.j. woods had an eventful career before entering politics .
the year 1939 was especially eventful for leipziger , who adopted his new name " henry j. leir " about this time .
the story line , which did in fact receive the sought after mpaa " r " rating after several edits , is about a single eventful night in the lives of a crew of los angeles - based , trans - pacific stewardesses .
from then on he had an eventful , busy and very musical life , one which saw him as a founder member of the philharmonia orchestra , a regular player at the royal opera house , a much - valued member of benjamin britten 's english opera group orchestra , a conductor of the royal philharmonic orchestra , long time professor at trinity college of music , london and occasional writer .
charleville castle grew from paper doodles in early 1798 to grandiose plans by the end of that very eventful year in ireland .
the same year the company also announced integrations with the event listing site eventful and the social networking site facebook
the 1915 season was not very active in terms of the number of storms but it was fairly eventful , with two powerful hurricanes hitting the gulf coast of the united states .
his book , " a strange eventful history , democratic socialism in britain " was published posthumously in 2000 .
matches against argentina and germany have produced particularly eventful encounters .
the 1997 season was the most eventful for smith and his team , which made a preliminary final .
it gave her birth chart and described what certain individual factors indicated , namely her leo sun sign ( " the princess will share certain basic characteristics common to all people born in the present month " ) , and her angular uranus , saturn and venus ( " these three planets will greatly modify the basic characteristics " ) , but diplomatically not her close mercury - mars square nor her close venus - jupiter - uranus t - square , ending with a general forecast ( eg health will be " fairly good " , life will be " eventful " ) .
he left south africa while the economic crisis was still acute and at a time when the voice of the critic was audible everywhere but , in the words of the colonial secretary alfred lyttelton , he had in the eight eventful years of his administration laid deep and strong the foundation upon which a united south africa would arise to become one of the great states of the empire .
subsequent seasons have been less eventful .
2000 was an eventful year for the band as they returned to touring , playing three dutch festivals ; " waterpop " , " bospop " and " lowlands " .
some of the dopier lads get a crash course in rock salt , while boss henderson takes a horse for an eventful walk .
he moved to darwen after twelve eventful seasons which had not only seen five fa cup victories , but also the move from amateur to professional football and the creation of the football league .
thus , for more than twenty years , during the most eventful period of united states history , he was continually serving his constituents in offices always onerous , and often hazardous .
george fernandes ' second tenure as minister of railways in the v.p. singh 's government , though short - lived , was quite eventful .
thus kristo das pal had rare opportunities for proving his abilities and independence during an eventful career of twenty - two years .
different towns and regions fared differently during the eventful seventy - year history of the province .
rachel reitsleff from " if magazine " said the episode had " lots of action , lots of emotion , and lots of exposition in an eventful episode . "
the 2008 trip to the us was eventful , as the plane home experienced engine difficulties and had to return to boston .
" boys that wore the green " : " ... colonel corcoran led the sixty - ninth on that eventful day , i wish the prince of wales were there to see him in the fray ; his charge upon the batteries was a most glorious scene , with gallant new york firemen , and the boys that wore the green . "
cyril takayama had an eventful yet troubled upbringing .
as defending champions at the 1989 brier , team ryan would not disappoint , capturing their 2nd canadian championship defeating rick folk of british columbia in a non - eventful 3 - 2 victory .
at the end of her eventful and memorable last cruise , she returned to long beach , california , on 21 september 1969 .
she had a brief but eventful career in wartime service .
colonel george barney 's expedition was eventful .
three events occurred before she even left halifax harbor that presaged an " eventful " crossing .
various presidential campaigns for the 2008 u.s. election have been using eventful demand , most notably john edwards , barack obama , and ron paul .
he lived at the school house on sparkes creek for a year , which turned out to be the most eventful year of his life up to that point , as he called it afterwards .
prolific reviewer danny yee called it " an engaging autobiography of an intriguing individual who lead an eventful life " , and remarked that the book could be appreciated by readers uninterested in philosophy of science or who had never heard of feyerabend . " kirkus reviews " described it as " a fascinating memoir with an ending that will change many people 's opinion about the peck 's bad boy of philosophy " .
the voyage to europe remained eventful .
her voyage to the scrapyard was eventful .
the quarterfinals turned out to be quite eventful , as simona krupeckaite was relegated in her first match sprint against willy kanis when she failed to hold her line in the last 200 metres but managed to win the next two matches to go through to the semifinals .
1992 - 93 was one of the most eventful seasons in the history of sheffield wednesday football club .
in 1908–09 , he had an eventful season .
since that eventful day , locals started hearing cries of a little girl and that prompted lady windsor to stay by the bridge for the rest of her life .
an exhibition on the history of chiddingstone castle explores the different aspects of the castle ’s eventful past .
perhaps the most eventful was the return after more than 20 years of a band to back up randy at select dates .
" kol nidrei " has had an eventful history , both in itself and in its influence on the legal status of the jews .
typical examples of the watchtower 's attitude are found in the watch tower society 's book publication " the finished mystery " ( ss-7 ) , 1917 edition : " also , in the year 1918 , when god destroys the churches wholesale and the church members by millions , it shall be that any that escape shall come to the works of pastor russell to learn the meaning of the downfall of ' christianity . ' " " the people who are the strength of christendom shall be cut off in the brief but terribly eventful period beginning in 1918 a.d. a third part are ' burned with fire in the midst of the city . '
kerouac carried small notebooks , in which much of the text was written as the eventful seven - year span of road trips unfurled .
2004 saw an eventful 11 - 8 win to the roosters before the dragons won the next two clashes .
while there they all visit the tolland ancestral home , thrubworth park , for a frugal but eventful dinner .
beers’ career as a serious novelist would last no longer , however , than this eventful ten year period between the early twenties and the appearance of " the mad stone " .
" calypso " had a less eventful and shorter career overall , although she spent more time at sea than her sister .
the away game , in france , was also an eventful game for cfr cluj .
braham 's second term as speaker was only marginally more eventful than her first .
on may 1 , 1863 , the corps broke camp and marched to chancellorsville , an eventful field in its history ; a battle in which the brunt of the fighting fell on the iii and xii corps .
after serving as headmaster for thirteen eventful years , bro .
my eventful also summarizes all demands that a user has joined or started .
( this eventful ' turning ' may have resulted in the islands ' name . )
gaius and caprica six are informed god 's plan is never complete , but their lives will be less eventful from now on .
during this eventful year , mary was wrongly excommunicated by bishop sheil , who was against most of the things she had fought for , on the grounds that ' she had incited the sisters to disobedience and defiance ' .
stern had also mentioned the emperor 's humble origins in a book he had published ; although the reference was not intended to be insulting ( " the eventful and romantic history of the man , who , from a poor boy , in a reed - built convent became ... the conqueror of numerous provinces , and the sovereign of a great and extensive realm " ) it proved to be a dangerous mistake .
the more recent history of the island has been most eventful .
his four years on the ducal throne were very eventful .
" port fairy " had an eventful war employed as an ammunition ship .
even without the legends , the inaugural two mile melbourne cup of 7 november 1861 at flemington was an eventful affair .
the a 's half of the seventh was more eventful , however .
the year 2000 was a very eventful year for the bec - tero sasana fc .
the colourful and eventful programmes and festivals are hosted by the historic sites and buildings of the city .
the following season failed to live up to expectations , although the club again reached the semi - finals of the auto windscreens shield , eventually going out to birmingham city , and an eventful fa cup run saw them win at middlesbrough in a third round replay , before going out to newcastle united at st james ' park .
the period of his administration was an eventful one .
the 1992 - 93 season was an eventful one for dicks , mainly for the wrong reasons .
the popular marvel comics superhero wolverine has been depicted as having an eventful life from his birth in the 1880s to the present day , having had numerous encounters with various other prominent characters in the marvel universe , having fought in many wars , allied with countless allies , and had numerous romances with various women .
the day - trip to margate proves eventful ; the coach driver apparently gets drunk half - way through the journey ( but it is later established that he was overcome by fumes from the radio burning out ) , rodney gets arrested for accidentally throwing a football at a policeman , and alan gets sick after eating too many jellied eels .
throughout this eventful period in his life roa bastos continued to write and he was considered a poet of the paraguayan vanguard .
2008 was an eventful year for esthero , with a number of high - profile collaborations including the viral sensation yes we can , a song ( with accompanying video ) inspired by a speech delivered by barack obama and produced by will .
jamison had returned to sydney aboard the hercules in 1802 after an eventful voyage from london .
after an eventful career in the pacific during the second world war , she was sold to be broken up for scrap on 28 october 1949 , and finally scrapped by metal industries of ardgour in august 1950 .
2009 was an eventful year for gabriela : she was awarded a guggenheim fellowship as well as a latin grammy for best contemporary classical music composition for inca dances ( tonar label ) , which was written for guitarist manuel barrueco and the cuarteto latinoamericano .
born in philadelphia , johnson led a rich and eventful life – by his own accounts , he had rubbed shoulders at various times with standard oil tycoon john d. rockefeller and henry ford , and also claimed that his grandfather was u.s. president andrew johnson .
brienz was first documented in 1146 , and in 1528 after an eventful history brienz became part of the canton of berne .
following an eventful summer at the beach and the spanish countryside , celia 's mother , with some help from her sister - in - law julia , convinces her husband to have the girl sent off to a convent , where they hope she 'll learn discipline and good behaviour .
in 2008 , northwestern university press issued " captain o'neill 's sketchy recollections of an eventful life in chicago , " a non - musical memoir edited by ellen skerrett and mary lesch ( a descendant of o'neill ) , with a foreword by nicholas carolan of the irish tradiitonal music archive .
her time in sun hill is eventful , involving an affair with pc des taviner , which ends after his confession of murder , and the cot death of her baby , niamh , from that affair .
but the later events of the eventful year went uniformly against the russians .
the patwar system was first introduced during the short but eventful rule of sher shah suri and the system was further enhanced by emperor akbar .
it exemplifies the long and eventful history of the city and the jewish community focused on this place .
the eventful night [ feb. 17 , 1874 ] came and the new hotel which in those days was far ahead of anything that had been anticipated by the community , was ablaze with light ...
among the notable performers using eventful demand are pretty ricky , a group whose album late night special reached # 1 on the billboard 200 charts in january 2007 .
martin also had a very eventful life .
from a largely unknown status in ancient times through the low points of the medieval period , to the promotion of equal rights by many reformers , the history of women in india has been eventful .
judge jeffreys led an eventful life and made many enemies .
in 1947 , britannica released 10 eventful years , a compendium of world war ii in 4 volumes .
cheadle has had a varied and eventful history .
an eventful first season ensues and viv is involved in an armed robbery , a fight with his manager and other training ground scuffles , as well as locking the team in the changing rooms – during a game !
in 1884 it was republished as part of moore 's diary of ten years eventful life of an early settler in western australia and also a descriptive vocabulary of the language of the aborigines .
2010 is looking to be an exciting and eventful year for the band .
he added , " my view of the world and of human affairs i gathered as a boy and youth , in the solitude of a country life , from ancient and modern history , and in particular i was attracted by the incidents of the eventful history of england . "
after three eventful and formative years , crystal clear split up , yet within months shima formed concerto moon .
she nonetheless had a useful and eventful career , playing an active role in british operations on foreign stations during the first half of world war i.
bradley had an eventful christmas day in 1909 , regular goalkeeper sam hardy 's absence saw bradley take on the role , bolton were the opposition and they had a shock as bradley kept a clean sheet as liverpool went on to hit the net three times .
he left office in 2003 , saying his one term was so eventful it felt like two .
the album included all the singles that ami released in 2005 : " hopeful " , " delightful " , " eventful " , " negaigoto " and " around the world " ( the single of this song was released the same day of the album ) .
in the eventful 15th century the ottomans conquered the balkans .
without any ceremony or fanfare , the national theatre boarded up its doors and pulled down the curtains on an eventful era for local theatre .
juvarra finished his short but eventful career in madrid , where he worked on the royal palaces at la granja and aranjuez .
a third example begins with the third season episode " is there in truth no beauty ? " , in which guest actress diana muldaur recited the line , " we 've come to the end of an eventful ... trip " , to which shatner replies , " i do n't know what you 've been taking ... " — a reference to the then - topical issue of drug - induced hallucinations or " trips " .
so out franzen went that eventful saturday night .
the seventh earl 's second son , the right hon . francis inherited and lived an eventful life .
the year proved an eventful one for jack , highlighted by his november marriage to louise bryant in peekskill and an operation to remove a kidney conducted at johns hopkins hospital which forced his hospitalization until mid - december .
according to michael holroyd 's book about irving and terry , " a strange eventful history " : " years later , when irving was dead , marguerite steen asked ellen whether she really had been irving 's lover , and she promptly answered : ' of course i was .
jackson followed his good performances at thruxton with a hugely eventful but successful trip to croft .
this was after an eventful week prior to the fight , which included cotto having to wait four hours for his luggage to arrive ( after a 2 a.m. local time arrival ) at mccarran international airport in las vegas , and almost being removed from the mandalay bay hotel , where the fight was held , by a security guard who thought he was an unaccompanied minor .
the lyrics to " fifteen " were inspired by swift 's eventful freshman year at hendersonville high school , during which she met anderson , experienced her first date and first kiss , and supported anderson through a broken heart .
the next year , howe was elected to the assembly as a liberal reformer , beginning a long and eventful public career .
fidelma had only just arrived in iberia after a very eventful voyage ( see " act of mercy " ) when she received a message from her brother colgu that eadulf had been charged with murder .
for the first three stages , nothing really eventful happened .
ratherius ' long life was an eventful one .
styles has since had a famous and eventful career in the police department , has gone on to further fame and success as an assistant district attorney , has gotten married and has had two daughters .
after an eventful year in kudat he was transferred to sandakan as port health officer , then to keningau as district surgeon , beaufort and the interior .
both vessels were inshore minesweepers and the passage was epoch - breaking , eventful , and uncomfortable .
the eventful political climate of the day saw the hundred years ' war , where the plantagenets battled with the house of valois for control of the kingdom of france , as both claimed house of capet seniority .
year 2007 has been an eventful year for the band .
besides kal and akal , guru ji uses maha kal ( macro - time ) and sarb - kal ( all - time ) to indicate a being above and beyond the eventful times of the universe .
" wadsworth"s first summer overseas proved to be the most eventful period of her wartime service .
further wartime service with the " allied invasion forces " provided an unusual start to an episcopate although the last decade of his service was somewhat less eventful .
the 1992 hooters 500 , the final race of the 1992 season , is considered one of the most eventful races in nascar history .
this ended an eventful year in which the election of an official was campaigned against when he voted against equal right for gays and lesbians on numerous occasions .
the trip was unexpectedly eventful , the jams accidentally hitting and killing a moose , and later being shot at by a farmer , a bullet cracking the engine of their ford galaxie police car .
as of january 2009 , include apple , cabo communications , carnegie mellon , dartmouth , duke university , eventful , fresno state , google , ibm , kerio technologies , mailsite , microsoft , mozilla foundation , neutralspace , new york university , nokia , oracle , patricia egen consulting , peoplecube , rensselaer polytechnic institute , scalix , sony ericsson , stanford university , stockholm university , sun microsystems , swami ( swedish alliance for middleware infrastructure ) , symbian , synchronica , timebridge , university of california , university of chicago , university of michigan , university of pennsylvania , university of washington , university of wisconsin , yahoo!/zimbra .
the widow of a factory owner , she entered into a brief but eventful marriage with mike baldwin in 1990 .
this trip would prove to be eventful .
when mir kassem , then nawab of sube bangala , ceded bardhaman along with medinipur and chittagong to east india company in 1760 ( three years after the battle of plassey ) , it was the beginning of an eventful chapter for the region .
joined the majority after a long and eventful life , in the course of which his reputed sanctity and gift of second sight
written by united kingdom journalist jo tatchell this book details nabeel yasin , one of iraq 's most famous poets and currently a candidate for prime minister in his extraordinarily eventful life in iraq through the 1950s , 60s and 70s during the rise of ba'athism and the emergence of saddam hussein , and of repression , dictatorship and violence under the militaristic ba'athist regime .
it had an eventful tenure there , winning in almost all the sports and drill competitions , and receiving accolades from the force commander .
bennett had an eventful 2003 .
the treatment of acute and chronic wounds is an ancient area of specialization in medical practice , with a long and eventful clinical history that traces its origins to ancient egypt and greece .
lying in the austrian heartland of lower austria , the place took part in the eventful history of austria .
following two eventful days in the life of a seven - year - old , the work masterfully wrestles with a child ’s understanding of life ’s mysteries and the reality that is forever imposing itself .
radjabov - adams was more eventful .
the 1935 season featured below average activity , but it was extremely eventful .
" calamity jane " , as she would become known , lived a very colorful and eventful life but often claimed questionable associations or friendships with notable famous american old west figures , almost always posthumously .
his family moved frequently , as his father took up various pastorships including a congregation in london , a brief but eventful stay in northern scotland , back to london , and then up to chorley , lancashire .
francis montgomerie inherited the nearby giffen castle and lived an eventful life .
rachel stamp were renowned for their rabid , glammed - up , colourful following and eventful shows .
she had an eventful wartime career , sailing as part of a number of convoys and surviving being torpedoed by a u - boat on one occasion .
during his eventful trip he barely escaped drowning during a typhoon in the east china sea .
though relatively brief , his stay with the troupe was eventful : in 1624 he was embroiled in both the " game at chess " controversy in august and the " spanish viceroy " affair in december .
also his appointment by president j.a. garfield to be recorder of deeds in washington ; with many other interesting and important events of his most eventful life , " with an introduction by mr. george l. ruffin of boston , hartford , conn. , park publishing co. , 1881 .
the first lap was eventful : alonso started better than polesitter massa and was able to take the inside line into turn one and gain the lead .
in the course of his eventful career , la chetardie was sent on diplomatic errands throughout europe : in london ( 1727 ) , then in holland and prussia , in russia twice , and finally in turin in 1749 .
after an eventful year , haga left wsbk and joined 500cc world championship for 2001 season .
though it was a short period his leadership was eventful .
their progeny without fail lead exceptional and exemplary lives , with each episode following one of the brothers from eventful birth through to untimely death .
the 2009 vancouver whitecaps season went down as one of the most eventful campaigns in club history .
10 eventful years .
the genome of " s. cerevisiae " underwent a more eventful evolution , which includes a whole - genome duplication .
a subsequent royal commission inquiring into the activities of the nugan hand group revealed money - laundering , arms shipments , drug dealing , theft ( including us$ 5 million from us military personnel in saudi arabia ) and large - scale tax avoidance by nugan hand throughout its brief but eventful existence .
among his arrangements was mötley crüe 's eventful 1982 tour of canada .
jules et jim " by françois truffaut would deconstruct a complex relationship of three individuals over the course of their eventful lives through innovative screenwriting , editing , and camera techniques .
1995 was an eventful year for dicaprio .
it culminated with his leading role in the cpi(m ) for an eventful four decades .
it won the eventful fans ' choice award at the 2009 billboard touring awards .
it won the eventful fans ' choice award at the 2009 billboard touring awards .
he and cotton each have several goes at the jury at a very eventful court case .
with more touring and an appearance at wembley stadium concert with elton john and the beach boys , 1975 saw the eventful recording of the band 's fifth outing in the studio , the concept album " mr. mick " based on stories / poems by steve augard which was eventually recorded at ramport studios , putney with the revised line - up of davis , slater , walter , gemmell plus the addition of dave lawson on keyboards ( greenslade ) and peter van hooke on drums .
unlike the short story , drama as a form in punjabi has not had a very eventful or a consistent track record of growth and evolution , as it has been somewhat sporadic and fitful .
she had an eventful career after the outbreak of war .
although he wrote it at the relatively early age of forty - eight , soon after his deportation , his life up to then had been eventful enough to merit recording . "
the following season was an eventful one , as roy shook up the team by signing retired players turned tv pundits bob wilson and emlyn hughes , as well as two members of pop group spandau ballet !
theatre of france has a long and eventful history dating back to the middle ages .
for a short period in august 1928 he acted as prime minister ( baldwin was on holiday in aix - en - provence ) with schuster as his chief adviser , but he rarely went to 10 downing street and nothing eventful happened during his time in charge .
in this eventful period , chris fathered two daughters : jasmine surprise cwej - hutchings with ishtar hutchings , and ikrissi with dep of the people .
the author 's standing and experience , the latter embracing directly or indirectly the space of a century dating from the conquest , constitute him an authentic chronicler of an obscure yet eventful period of history .
after a long and eventful career that included participation in many of the royal navy 's most famous victories " theseus " was broken up at chatham in 1814 .
in the summer of the eventful year , 1813 , he wrote the prose narrative " peter schlemihl " , the man who sold his shadow .
promotion to the dr martens league was the outcome and the club ’s debut campaign in the midland division proved hugely eventful .
her eventful night with the baby ( see above ) is documented in the " jack - jack attack " short included on the dvd release , ending with rick dicker erasing her memory of the incident .
lives start to unravel during an eventful dinner party where the cook spoils the food , a coke headed model flirts with a married vicar , a secret affair is exposed , old family wounds are reopened and ... of course ... one meddling mother drops by to cause even more trouble .
pavalakkodi set the stage for m. k. thyagaraja bhagavathar 's eventful career as the first superstar of tamil cinema .
a dapto high school junior , goodwin had a long and eventful club career .
a fleet of fry turned out one day , eventful in the sequel : whose left and right retractors on the two sides were unequal : their starboard halliards fixed astern alone supplied the head , while those set aport were spread abeam and served the back instead .
