unaware of his sisters literary accomplishments , branwell dies of marasmus exacerbated by heavy drinking .
because of the shift to a service - based economy , exacerbated by the growth of internet sales , the sales tax has been eroded over many years .
this sorrow was exacerbated by the fact that her father had acquired a new maîtresse - en - titre , the " comtesse du barry " .
spam is enabled by several factors , including vendors implementing " broken " mtas ( that do not adhere to standards , and therefore make it difficult for other mtas to enforce standards ) , security vulnerabilities within the operating system ( often exacerbated by " always - on " broadband connections ) that allow spammers to remotely control end - user pcs and cause them to send spam , and a lack of " intelligence " in many mtas .
the rigors of the road exacerbated nicky hopkins ' frail health ; he too would battle drug addiction before undergoing the church of scientology 's purification rundown several years later .
heavy logging activity exacerbated by hunting by collectors devastated the population of ivory - billed woodpeckers in the late 1800s .
these problems are exacerbated by the shortage of trained manpower and health facilities .
the opening of ashdod as a port exacerbated this .
research suggests that students suffering from the disease aged 11 - 18 strongly believe that their illness was ' nurtured , exacerbated or sometimes even caused by the well - meaning action in schools ' .
in the late 1990s , brown 's health began to deteriorate , with longstanding respiratory problems exacerbated by cocaine use leading to him being taken ill in may 1999 , after touring in brazil with other reggae singers , where he was diagnosed with pneumonia .
the situation between tombstone and robertson was exacerbated when lonnie returned to robertson 's neighborhood .
matters were complicated by wilson 's reliance on both prescription and illegal drugs , amphetamines in particular , which only exacerbated his underlying mental health problems .
these new soldiers were poorly trained , and this was exacerbated by the fact that most did not know of the offensive until days before it was launched , meaning many were not even informed of their objectives ; the volksgrenadier divisions ordered to protect the flanks of the three advancing armies were not even properly reinforced , because the germans found it difficult to detach these units from areas of the front being pressured by the slow allied advance .
acute decompensated heart failure is a term used to describe exacerbated or decompensated heart failure , referring to episodes in which a patient can be characterized as having a change in heart failure signs and symptoms resulting in a need for urgent therapy or hospitalization .
the sand war laid the foundations for a lasting and often intensely hostile rivalry between morocco and algeria , exacerbated by the differences in political outlook between the conservative moroccan monarchy and the revolutionary , arab nationalist algerian military government .
according to the fathers ' rights campaigners , the article inappropriately linked the mixed feelings of the children to their inability to relocate with their mother and to the shared parenting arrangement of their parents rather than to their parent 's divorce adding that the reporter and her editor were biased to the extent that the reporter willingly questioned the children about their living situation and thus exacerbated the conflict in parental loyalty felt by the children .
this was exacerbated
widespread suffering and economic crises were exacerbated by joan , primarily across costa rica , as heavy rains and high winds impacted those near the hurricane 's path .
neurogenic claudication is thought to result from central canal narrowing that is exacerbated by the listhesis ( forward slip ) .
the downturn was exacerbated by a scandal in which top executives were discovered to have been augmenting their personal revenues without informing the board of directors .
the rivalry between the two clubs was exacerbated by the shock defection of kestrels captain cynna kydd to the phoenix in april 2006 , on the eve of the 2006 season , echoing the move of janine ilitch from phoenix to kestrels years ago .
a poor fit of the action to the stock is also a source of problems , and this problem is exacerbated by issues such as thermal expansion of metal parts during use , and swelling and contracting of wooden stocks with changes in humidity .
these qualms exacerbated animosities toward peru dating from the colonial period , now intensified by disputes over customs duties and loans .
exacerbated by the additional memory traffic associated with
" he knew he was right " is a 1869 novel written by anthony trollope which describes the failure of a marriage caused by the unreasonable jealousy of a husband exacerbated by the stubbornness of a willful wife .
the series’ failure reportedly exacerbated lynde ’s pre - existing drinking problem , which led to numerous run - ins with the law and frequent arrests for public intoxication .
because the rotation of p3 is exacerbated by continued pull on the deep digital flexor tendon , one approach to therapy has been to cut this tendon , either in the cannon region or in the pastern region .
this exacerbated his injury , forcing him to have surgery on the ankle after the season .
instead of healing the wounds , gurney 's visit exacerbated the growing rift among the orthodox friends .
food shortages were exacerbated when the french government ordered acadians to cease fishing and focus exclusively on crop production —
many of the religious communities failed to adjust to the new regime this was exacerbated by the emigration or impoverishment , due to deteriorating economic conditions , of families that hitherto had financially supported community institutions such as hospitals and schools .
the talmudic record is meant to illustrate how internal tensions among the jewish people exacerbated the external threat from the roman conquerors .
the resulting chaos when the grid formed up again at the end of this lap was exacerbated when nelson piquet missed his starting position and was sent round on another lap , with the other cars being held in position .
the combination of taxation by the nobility , the furor of the protestant reformation , and the abrupt secularization of the teutonic order 's remaining prussian lands exacerbated peasant unrest .
the resolution is no more than a hodge - podge of unsupported conclusions , distortion of law , exacerbated by ultra partisan considerations .
the initial crash was exacerbated when the gasoline from the ruptured fuel tank of the bus ignited immediately after impact , which also blocked the front loading door .
however , the process arguably exacerbated already existing social and economic tensions within the soviet union , and no doubt helped to further nationalism among the constituent republics , as well as social fragmentation .
booker 's presidency exacerbated the differences , and boteach ended his relationship with the organization after an invitation he extended to yitzhak rabin to speak at oxford was rejected by chabad leadership .
centuries of deforestation and over - grazing , exacerbated by china 's population increase , have resulted in degenerated ecosystems , desertification , and poor local economies .
several experts agreed that " zoloft can cause agitation and a certain amount of disinhibition so that some individuals engage in aggressive or dangerous behaviours without due regard for the consequences and in a manner that is out of character for them " and that the prisoner 's behavior was consistent with agitated depression further exacerbated by akathisia and toxic delirium that developed as a result of zoloft overdose .
it was exacerbated by the fact that while the cas was " de jure " head of the raaf , jones ' rank of air vice marshal was no higher than bostock 's .
the party 's development was further hampered by connolly 's departure to the united states in september 1903 , exacerbated by the resignation of the editor of " the socialist , " george yates , that same month .
criticism came from across the orthodox spectrum , with the haredi agudath israel of america calling the court 's halachic basis " spurious " and british chief rabbi jonathan sacks claiming that rabbi rackman 's solution exacerbated the problem it was trying to solve .
the actions were not considered technically as chucking as they were exacerbated by a congenital condition .
this was all exacerbated by the representatives of the competing rolls - royce company , who had their own agenda .
although the production was difficult ( exacerbated by the irritating presence of gardner 's then husband frank sinatra ) , " mogamabo " became one of the biggest commercial hits of ford 's career , with the highest domestic first - year gross of any of his films ( $ 5.2 m ) ; it also revitalized gable 's waning career and earned best actress and best supporting actress oscar nominations for gardner and kelly ( who was rumored to have had a brief affair with gable during the making of the film ) .
during the past 15 years , it has been reported in women taking calcium supplements above the recommended range of 1.2 to 1.5 g daily , for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis , and is exacerbated by dehydration .
the initial eruption may be exacerbated by pressure or trauma to the affected areas .
exploding landfill costs had exacerbated this trend .
this catfight actually exacerbated taiwan 's image , as the summit yearbook did not even mention taiwan 's presence .
this was exacerbated by the discovery of gold and diamonds in the south african republic , after which many miners from british empire countries migrated there .
it was further exacerbated by vergennes ' prodding louis xvi to get involved in great britain 's war with its north american colonies , due to france 's traditional rivalry with england .
perón 's frustrated december 1964 return to argentina only exacerbated tensions between the two factiona and , in february 1966 , the cgt was divided .
both have cordial ties to the militant group , hezbollah , and concerns over iran - syria relations were further exacerbated following the 2006 lebanon war , which both ahmadinejad and president assad claimed as a victory over israel .
these lobbying efforts exacerbated some of the tensions between the university faculty , represented by the faculty association , and the non - university faculty , represented by the bcgeu .
it has been suggested by at least one biographer that anne 's extreme discomfort at sharing her room with a middle aged man while she was going through puberty may have been at the root of her problems with pfeffer but the pressures of being in hiding and the generational differences of the forty year age gap between them undoubtedly exacerbated the differences in their natures .
the cibecue community has a high unemployment rate , which was exacerbated by the rodeo - chediski fire , arizona 's largest wildfire in recorded history .
the bumpurs case was one of several racially charged cases in new york during the 1980s that exacerbated racial tensions .
this problem was exacerbated with the collapse in 2002 of itv digital , holder of tv rights for the football league , which cost league clubs millions of pounds in revenue .
tallon 's little left finger had swelled up after the third test , and he exacerbated the injury during the match against middlesex .
all of the storms were stronger than bilis , and exacerbated flooding and other problems in the region .
what the cost of conflict tool serves to demonstrate is the impact of conflict above these and other natural factors , and how it has sometimes exacerbated them .
in may 2007 , controversies on press freedom were further exacerbated when rctv ( radio caracas television ) 's terrestrial broadcast licence expired , with the government declining to renew it .
however , the russian ship 's arrival severely curtailed " goeben 's " activities and so by this time , the russian fleet had nearly complete control of the sea , exacerbated by the addition of another dreadnought .
morrissey supporters exacerbated the injury by stepping on heenan 's hand when he fell over .
the flight of suitcase - loads of usd paper in the economic collapse following the april 12 , 1980 coup d'état created a currency shortage , which was only exacerbated when the government began minting $ 5 coins .
historian david m. robinson states that " these developments must also have fed suspicion about mongols living in north china , which in turn exacerbated mongol feelings of insecurity .
this turned out to be a curse , since many people ended up suffering terribly without a hope for death to end their pain - a situation intentionally exacerbated by mephisto , who hoped that the heroes , particularly reed richards , would free the entropic man .
this is further exacerbated by attempts to whitewash japan 's role in the war in certain school history textbooks , such as by softening some statements and removing others .
even the 1086 settlement did not settle the steyning - bramber dispute once and for all , and it continued for centuries afterwards , exacerbated by the lord of bramber founding his own religious establishments , and even though , in the 14th century , the river began to silt up and the town began to decay .
the presence of abir in the area exacerbated the effect of natural disasters such as famine and disease .
confusion was exacerbated by the soviet practice of mixing the types within a class of ships .
it was characterised by nausea and vomiting exacerbated by the sight or smell of food and , unlike the usual gastro - intestinal infections , by constipation rather than diarrhoea .
he was also being vilified by some pow / mia activists as a traitor or a brainwashed " manchurian candidate " , which the embrace with tin only exacerbated .
in 1916 another russian offensive in galicia exacerbated the already desperate situation of civilians in the war zone ; about 1 million polish refugees fled eastward behind russian lines during the war .
in 1972 the death of three roman catholic bishops and the revocation of state approval of a fourth exacerbated the already acute shortage of roman catholic leaders .
this was exacerbated by other factors , including the costs of running an efficient military and a lack of commercial prosperity .
the khartoum government , rather than trying to calm these new ethnic tensions , instead exacerbated them when it seemed useful in the sudan - libya - chad struggle .
the lyrics were an attempt to make a political statement on the lebanese civil war which had been exacerbated by israeli invasion of southern lebanon of 1982 .
some critics have argued that there is too much focus on battle - related ' direct ' deaths in the report , however an entire section discusses the large number of ' indirect ' deaths caused by war - exacerbated malnutrition and disease .
the decline of wagonload traffic was exacerbated by the removal of some of br 's legal liabilities as a common carrier - in particular the requirement that general goods handling facilities must be maintained at every station although these were already becoming under - utilised in the face of competition from road transport .
the difficulty with hygroscopic hydraulic fluid was exacerbated in the ds / id due to the extreme rise and fall in the fluid level in the reservoir , which went from nearly full to nearly empty when the suspension extended to maximum height and the six accumulators in the system filled with fluid .
this is exacerbated by the positioning of the car park and loading bay entrances , a legacy of the original 1960 's design ideas about vertical separation of pedestrian and vehicle traffic .
the precipitous decline in urban assembly sector jobs , from a high of over 100,000 in 1986 to fewer than 20,000 in 2006 , exacerbated the scarcity of jobs .
the st kilda and brighton railway company experienced financial difficulties and was bought by the melbourne and suburban railway company in 1862 , no doubt exacerbated by the direct link to melbourne through prahran and windsor .
shaw 's dissatisfaction was exacerbated by the theatrical - themed album " paradise theatre " and brought to a boil by the tour for the next album " kilroy was here " , which featured a progressive stage show combined with an 11-minute movie intro and theatrical performances by the band .
she lived during a period of political tension between france and england known as the hundred years war , the situation was exacerbated by the mental instability of her father who was known as the mad ( french : le fol or le fou ) .
the catastrophe was exacerbated by the outbreak of an epidemic , which panaretus states as having come about from the foul stench of the rotting corpses of horses and men .
there were doctrinal issues like the filioque clause and the authority of the pope involved in the split , but these were exacerbated by cultural and linguistic differences between latins and greeks .
this pollution will be exacerbated by climate change , and low socioeconomic status groups and racial and ethnic minorities are more likely to lack health insurance , making them increasingly vulnerable to these elevated levels of air pollutants .
a scenario of general ecological change – exacerbated by the beginning ice age and changes in ocean currents due to plate tectonic shifts ( e.g. the emergence of the antarctic circumpolar current or the closing of the isthmus of panama ) – is more likely , with the pseudotooth birds as remnants of the world 's paleogene fauna ultimately failing to adapt .
both during and after the war friction between the mohawks joseph louis cook and joseph brant , who had sided with the americans and the british respectively , further exacerbated the split .
the shell , probably a stray shot , had caused the single biggest loss of the sas , and had likely been exacerbated by the fact many of the men had been carrying armed hawkins grenades as they had been about to depart to shore up a defensive line .
the continuing economic drain caused by the military campaigns in africa was exacerbated by the first great oil " shock " of 1973 .
malley is caring for his dying mother , and his stress is exacerbated by a series of threatening phone calls and written notes he receives .
other cases exacerbated the problem .
the situation was exacerbated by the transfer of underachieving wildcat power forward / center marvin stone .
in the u.s. , international outsourcing and the recently allowed increase of skilled visa " guest workers " ( e.g. , those participating in the u.s. h-1b visa program ) exacerbated the situation .
the situation was exacerbated by the appearance of a pamphlet written by richard cort ( the son of henry cort and cashier of the company until his resignation in february 1826 in protest at the way in which the company 's business was being managed ) which was highly critical of the management of the company .
this is exacerbated by removal of riparian ( riverbank ) vegetation which causes siltation and degrades river ecosystems in many ways .
this of course exacerbated the rivalry between louise - françoise and her younger sister , the duchess of orléans , now the highest ranking lady of france .
the decline of the depression years was briefly arrested by world war ii — the u.s. navy built a reserve center on the site of david denny 's former mill , just west of cascade — but it resumed after the war , and was greatly exacerbated when the april 13 , 1949 earthquake caused structural damage to the cascade school .
this scene is echoed later in the film when violet says " i had this image of you inside of me ... " this theme of being trapped is exacerbated by the claustrophobic feeling created by the fact that most of the film takes place in corky 's apartment , violet and casear 's apartment , or the apartment next door where corky is working .
many believe that this has exacerbated the problem of violence against prostitutes .
however , the danger had been exacerbated by kossuth himself , through appealing exclusively to the magyar notables rather than the other subject minorities of the habsburg empire .
shortly after his ordination to this position , brigham young printed a clarification in a church newspaper that stated that smith had not been ordained as patriarch " over " the church , but rather as patriarch " to " the church ; smith regarded this clarification as a slight , and it exacerbated the growing tension between smith and young .
lucy did not comment about the difficulties she encountered with church leaders during the transitional period — troubles which , without doubt , were exacerbated by her son , william — but they are suggested in the few letters and second - hand accounts that have survived ( quaife , 246 - 48 ) .
this was exacerbated by the growing political movement for indian independence , which wished to foster unity amongst indians as opposed to competition .
this situation was exacerbated by nepotism on the part of the ruling saadi family , before they lost political power in the 1990s .
john paul overhears this and expresses concern at craig 's reluctance to come out ; this is further exacerbated by craig not being able to bring himself to kiss or hold john paul at the airport as they wait for the plane to dublin .
wind changes that evening exacerbated parts of the churchill complex , causing the cfa to issue further warnings to residents at won wron and surrounding areas .
raw materials and foodstuffs were requisitioned , and the collaborationist government was forced to pay the cost of the occupation , giving rise to inflation , further exacerbated by a " war loan " greece was forced to grant to the german reich .
a minority among the british troops exacerbated the situation by shouting " heil hitler , " scrawling swastikas on walls , and referring to gas chambers while conducting searches .
he is best remembered today for his comment that " there is something wrong with our bloody ships today " at jutland , where two of his battlecruisers exploded and sank under german fire exacerbated by design faults and poor strategy .
the reagan administration 's 1982 cuts to federal food stamp programs exacerbated this need , and led to further expansion of the food bank system .
rising tensions between the us and ussr , now exacerbated by both rumors of the information in the libraries and the general situation on the stone ( the soviets and their allies have only limited access to the asteroid ) , suggest that such a war is imminent .
the revenue disparity between large and small market teams , exacerbated by the falling value of the canadian dollar , forced the quebec nordiques to move to denver and become the colorado avalanche in 1995 ; the winnipeg jets relocated to phoenix , arizona , becoming the coyotes , the next year .
the general secretary of the association of teachers and lecturers , dr. mary bousted , said " unless there are crucial changes in the way many faith schools run we fear divisions in society will be exacerbated .
in later life she suffered from ill - health , exacerbated by alcohol and opiate medicines .
the situation was exacerbated by häkkinen retiring from three further races whilst in the lead - all from engine failures - including at the nürburgring , where the team lost a comfortable one - two finish when both cars retired with identical failures within a lap of each other .
in 1970 , u.s. president richard nixon lifted import quotas on oil in an attempt to reduce energy costs ; instead , however , this exacerbated dollar flight , and created pressure from petro - dollars .
he is most remembered as a founding member of psychedelic rock band pink floyd , providing major musical and stylistic direction in their early work , although he left the group in 1968 amidst speculations of mental illness as a consequence of , or exacerbated by , heavy drug use .
the shortage of teachers and the overcrowding of classes in the public schools are exacerbated by the fact that many teachers who have qualified through the university system will obtain employment in the better - remunerated private sector .
the quick escalation of the war only exacerbated already severe economic problems in bolivia ( and in paraguay ) , while causing many thousands of casualties .
while the climate of the appalachian region is suitable for agriculture , the region 's hilly terrain greatly limits the size of the average farm , a problem exacerbated by population growth in the latter half of the 19th century .
that necessity is exacerbated by the fact that many modern consultants are reluctant to share knowledge , even with other firms , because of paranoia , client confidentiality , and their regard for their work as " trade secrets " .
tensions were exacerbated by the irish war of independence of 1919 - 21 , which disrupted contact between northern and southern clubs and prevented resumption of the irish league .
this is exacerbated if the player 's foot gets caught in the turf and by the additional weight of the defender .
however , with rare exceptions , all soviet guns and howitzers at this time were towed rather than self - propelled ; this lack of mobility proved to be greatly exacerbated by the absence of roads , the presence of deep snow cover and a scarcity of artillery tractors .
" the situation was exacerbated because of work completed earlier in the day on the water mains .
ignorance , overpopulation , lack of farm implements and draft animals , too few rural credit institutions and excessive land fragmentation , exacerbated as the population grew , kept many peasants in poverty and yields inferior .
these problems were exacerbated by escalating drug use – especially slick 's alcoholism – which caused the airplane to become increasingly unreliable in their live commitments and led to some chaotic situations at concerts .
following claims made in the canadian media about the cause of the fire , blaming the uk for supplying an unsafe vessel , the situation was further exacerbated by controversial comments made by secretary of state for defence geoff hoon .
although the cause of the crash is not known , it seems likely that it was the result of a controlled flight into terrain , possibly exacerbated by alleged mistakes made by the sfor air traffic controllers at mostar ortijes international airport .
the next day , hou held his feast , while sitting on the same seat emperor wen sat on , while his guests sat at the seats that imperial officials sat on — acts that emperor wen could not tolerate , and his anger was exacerbated when a fire occurred at chongyun palace ( 重雲宮 ) -- and hou , while trying to command the soldiers to put out the fire , entered the palace in full armor .
this pollution , exacerbated by stagnant weather , comes mainly from diesel and gasoline fueled vehicles and agricultural operations .
by the end of may , monsoon rains which turned contested slopes and roads into a morass exacerbated both the tactical and medical situations .
this shortage is exacerbated by the strain of filling the afghan army order .
the " popish plot " involving titus oates further exacerbated anglican - catholic relations .
the prospect of two new afl clubs in the coming years has exacerbated this tension .
this is further exacerbated by the ease with which this can be accomplished in a digital environment without being detected .
in addition to the death of the shogun ienari and the death of emperor kōmei , intervening factors exacerbated some of the conditions which the shogun intended to ameliorate .
again , a schism arose between basic and applied scientists in the esa , this time exacerbated by the question of environmental advocacy .
the shogunate 's interventions were only partly successful . intervening factors like famine , floods and other disasters exacerbated some of the conditions which the shogun intended to ameliorate .
first , the heavily forested terrain , squeezed between the rhine and maas rivers , largely nullified anglo - canadian advantages in manpower and armour and the situation was exacerbated by soft ground of the glacial loam and deliberate flooding of the adjacent flood plains .
infectious and parasitic diseases are very often predicated and/or exacerbated by macro and micro - nutrient deficiencies .
the red river rebellion ( and execution of louis riel ) and manitoba schools question exacerbated tensions within the conservative party and fanned hostility to the conservatives in quebec .
overcrowdedness in the ghetto was exacerbated by the deportation there of some 40,000 people from the surrounding areas , as well as germany , luxembourg , and the protectorate of bohemia and moravia , particularly from terezín .
despite an excellent preview , the studio did n't know how to market the film , and howard hughes 's takeover of rko exacerbated the situation .
poor work conditions were exacerbated by the government 's austerity measures reducing workers ' standards of living .
as jamestown in the colony of virginia was first settled by english colonists beginning in 1607 along the james river , the colonists had frequent and violent encounters with the native americans who had long lived there , and were increasingly squeezed out by the every - growing number of colonists , exacerbated by their cultivation of land - hungry tobacco as a cash crop to export after 1612 .
however , it exacerbated the schism between zionism and orthodox judaism .
valentine went on to claim that government stimulus monies exacerbated not helped ease the recession , even though as he claimed , " in all fairness , most of the stimulus money is yet to be spent . "
the link between education and employment was also weak , exacerbated by the economic recession of the 1980s .
to a large extent lowe 's hands were tied by the instructions from lord bathurst , but his lack of tact exacerbated the unavoidable friction between them .
some of these are no doubt exacerbated by propertius ' bold and occasionally unconventional use of latin .
this condition is exacerbated by the conditions of the 21st century - a world of information overload where " major tom is now an info monk . "
the situation was exacerbated by fox talbot 's insistence that frederick scott archer 's collodion process was covered by his patent .
the welkin was seriously handicapped by compressibility problems exacerbated by its long but thick wings , causing the flight envelope ( flyable speed range ) between high - incidence stall and shock - stall to become very small at high altitudes - any decrease in airspeed causing a " normal " stall , any increase causing a shock - stall due to the aircraft 's limiting critical mach number .
recent line duplication shortcomings which was exposed by unexpectedly high passenger take - up during the construction of the gold coast - brisbane m1 motorway were exacerbated by the extension of the service to brisbane airport while failing to provide for the additional passengers ' baggage .
cornwell claims this marriage and the end of the friendship provided the spark which exacerbated his awareness of his disabilities and ignited a latent anger against the opposite sex .
his work as a writer earned much praise but little money , a problem exacerbated by bouts of alcoholism .
his nickname , " grumble " , reflects his irritable disposition , undoubtedly exacerbated by the death of his wife , who was washed from his arms in a shipwreck shortly after their marriage in 1852 while enroute to texas .
the democracy act of 1992 further exacerbated the problems in cuba 's medical system .
the injury was exacerbated when schilling fielded a ball rolling down the first base line .
habitat fragmentation , which is already affecting the species , is exacerbated by this .
the problem is further exacerbated by his frequent use of pseudonyms .
the growing tension was exacerbated by an incident in 1907 , when a working class player , alex burdon , broke his arm while playing for the new south wales team , and received no compensation for his time off work .
this is exacerbated by the fact that at the pedicle 's toetip , where the luapula ostensibly flows out of the bangweulu system , the river swamps are at least 6 km wide and the floodplain is 60 km wide , making a road impossible with the resources available for most of the 20th century .
this was particularly exacerbated by the opening of the suez canal in 1869 .
the deal exacerbated tension between fantasy sports companies and professional leagues and players associations over the rights to player profiles and statistics .
as the armero tragedy was exacerbated by the lack of early warnings , unwise land use , and the unpreparedness of nearby communities , the government of colombia created a special program ( " oficina nacional para la atencion de desastres " , 1987 ) to prevent such incidents in the future .
according to masen davis , executive director of the transgender law center , lgbt people in prisons often face barriers in seeking basic and necessary medical treatment , exacerbated by the fact that prison health care staff are often not aware of or trained on how to address those needs .
his poor health was exacerbated by heavy drinking and smoking .
the return of peronism to power exacerbated political tensions in argnetina , however , and among the hundreds of victims of the growing wave of violence was his own brother , law professor silvio frondizi , who served as chief counsel to the trotskyite erp , and who lost his life in a 1974 attack by the fascist triple a. given little say by the new peronist government , which , instead saw its policy shift from populism to erratic crisis management measures , frondizi initially supported the 1976 coup against perón 's successor ( his hapless widow , isabel perón ) .
they contend that the " white flight " to the suburbs exacerbated by busing has permanently eroded the tax base of major metropolitan areas , impairing the metropolitan areas ' abilities to offer programs aimed at improving the plight of the ethnic minorities whom busing was allegedly supposed to benefit and that a better way of tackling racial segregation within schools would be to find ways of tackling racial segregation within cities and neighborhoods .
the novel intertwines garnet 's difficult wooing of a girl living nearby , with the struggles of the farm , which are exacerbated by ukridge 's bizarre business ideas and methods .
although blight ravaged potato crops throughout europe during the 1840s , the impact and human cost in ireland – where a third of the population was entirely dependent on the potato for food – was exacerbated by a host of political , social and economic factors which remain the subject of historical debate .
though they seemingly resolved their differences during the visit , a thanksgiving visit by mike and gloria to archie and edith 's house during the 1979 - 80 season of " archie bunker 's place " found that the stivics ' marriage was still troubled , exacerbated by the fact that mike had lost his job .
the erection of the diocese of laoag in 1961 weaned from the mother see of nueva segovia exacerbated the growth of the faith .
the eurasian federation resents its inferior position to the atlantic , which has been exacerbated by their successful development of mobile suits .
he also secured two loans from the league of nations to help bolster the economy , although economic problems were exacerbated by an earthquake in plovdiv .
the effects of low agricultural output can be exacerbated by internecine struggles , such as the famine conditions that occurred in somalia during the 1990s .
austria was excluded because of its highly protected industry ; this economic exclusion exacerbated the austro - prussian rivalry for dominance in central europe , particularly in the 1850s and 1860s .
new york state dairy farmers were disproportionately affected by farm prices decline after world war i , and the great depression further exacerbated the problems they faced .
the problem which many people believed was an anomaly in the ski resorts due to limited land for development caused by the mountains and national forest and exacerbated by deep snow in the winter time which made " sprawling " unrealistic has turned out to in fact be just a precursor today to the same problem in cities all around the country and the world .
governor supervision of day - to - day operations was minimal and was exacerbated by the geography of the 18th century .
the world - wide economic recession of 2008 - 09 exacerbated the situation and more closures were seen in 2009 .
the situation was exacerbated by the presence of the lake breeze boundary because the atmosphere was capped through much of the day with little in the way of a trigger .
the relationship was strained , however , and the strain was exacerbated when the party lost most of its seats in english - speaking parts of canada in the 1963 federal election .
a wide - field research for a regional crisis and a thorough investigation to the reasons and factors that exacerbated it , in order to reach the authentic roots for the crisis with the participation of experts at al - alam studios in beirut or via sng ( satellite news gathering ) .
much of the rural welsh real - estate market was driven by a cycle of growing dormitory towns , which was exacerbated by second home buyers and growing retirement communities .
according to lady avon herself , churchill 's wife clementine thought her " too independent and totally unsuitable " , while the marriage is said to have exacerbated the antagonism towards eden of the churchills ' often wayward son randolph , who , having initially defended his cousin to evelyn waugh , gave her " two years to knock him [ eden ] into shape " .
in his book , collins says that the strain of the interrogation exacerbated doubts that he had already had about the morality and direction the ira campaign .
self - handicapping can be exacerbated by self - presentational concerns but also occurs in situations where such concerns are at a minimum .
neglect was exacerbated by his own increasing reclusiveness and hostility to the learned societies .
these problems are exacerbated by the shortage of trained manpower and health facilities .
in the case of isolated waters that are wetlands , these questions are exacerbated because wetlands may be seasonally dry or reduced in area and may not have the physical characteristics of wetlands at all times .
a saddle sore is a skin ailment on the buttocks due to , or exacerbated by , riding on a bicycle saddle .
in may 1997 , awaleh suspended pnd spokesman farah ali wabert from the party , a move that reportedly exacerbated the situation .
generally , regional famine intensity was correlated to flood exposure and no doubt the floods exacerbated the famine .
this negative trend intensified as international tourist arrivals fell by 8% during the first four months of 2009 , and the decline was exacerbated in some regions due to the outbreak of the influenza ah1n1 virus .
" internment of japanese americans , who provided critical agricultural labor on the west coast , created a labor shortage , which was exacerbated by the induction of many american laborers into the armed forces .
in 1899 , construction of the first aswan dam was begun to address agricultural and energy shortages exacerbated by population growth in egypt and the sudan .
the weakness of this capability in most farming communities is itself an important problem ; one which has often been exacerbated by earlier agricultural development programmes that fostered a dependency on external sources of expertise .
his anger was exacerbated by emma 's refusal to retire from the quarterdeck during the brief exchange .
the decline reported in us dollars was also exacerbated by the strengthening of the us dollar during the year .
lewis and gagg state that failure occurred in tension at the bottom of the girders , exacerbated by stress concentrations .
the rift had been exacerbated by the airport authority 's $ 2 million proposal to build several large hangers using taxpayer funds .
as a result of so much change over a relatively short period of time , many haudenosaunee began to turn toward alcohol , which exacerbated the erosion of the traditional family unit further .
this situation was exacerbated by the workload problems of the air traffic controllers association ( atca ) , under its executive director francis mcdermott , whose members were forced to use radar data on aircraft positions , relaying those positions by radio to the aircraft from their control locations .
the effect can be initiated or exacerbated by possible inaccuracies in manufacture or construction .
as a result , parking for all three schools is usually congested , a situation that has been exacerbated by recent efforts by the ballina shire council to raise revenue by issuing parking tickets , under the guise of safety concerns .
his government was accused of overlooking catholics and tensions with catholics were exacerbated by joseph howe 's rupture with nova scotia 's irish catholic community over his recruitment of americans to fight on the british side in the crimean war .
the situation was exacerbated by nash 's frequent absences from the country , leaving nordmeyer and other labour ministers to defend the government 's policies themselves .
this clash is further exacerbated by the lack of cultural understanding between the two groups .
differences between peter and nathan , an ambitious politician focused on his congressional campaign , cause tensions between the two , which are exacerbated when peter starts having extraordinarily vivid dreams of flying .
the apparent error was aggravated by clinton 's refusal to acknowledge it , and exacerbated by pankaj mishra 's book " temptations of the west : how to be modern in india , pakistan , tibet and beyond " where he repeated the allegations against hindus even after the confession of the lashkar - e - toiba militants ..
the loss marked a major turning point in northern territory politics , a result which was exacerbated when , at the 2005 nt election , the alp won a second landslide victory , reducing the once - dominant party to a total of just four members in the legislative assembly .
global warming has exacerbated the retreat of these glaciers .
the drought of 1999–2002 exacerbated these conditions .
the disaster of the trade was also exacerbated by ham struggling to adapt to the run & shoot offense .
he had asthma , perhaps exacerbated by the change in elevation , and was prescribed inhalers by dr. rutz during his second and final visit with her one month later on february 8 , but was forbidden to use them without the permission of facility staff .
, skin eruptions that may be chronic but which are exacerbated premenstrually or occur immediately following menses .
however , the magic which had been so evident on previous releases had evaporated , and a radically - different sophomore album , " hyperactive " only exacerbated the situation .
the stress of the war had taken its toll on the king 's health , exacerbated by his heavy smoking and subsequent development of lung cancer among other ailments including arteriosclerosis .
the vehicle is reportedly well liked by its users , but its lack of commonality with the other armoured vehicles used by the uk has caused spares support problems , exacerbated by the poor nature of the initial spares support package procured from alvis moelv by the uk 's defence procurement agency .
the situation was exacerbated by the lack of track marshals on the circuit or indeed anyone who could have provided him with emergency assistance .
the problem of a reverse brain drain is exacerbated by the crisis in developed countries where not enough undergraduate students in engineering and science are seeking advanced degrees at the doctorate level leading to widespread replacement of the native - born with foreign - born engineers and scientist in areas of greatest intellectual and economic interest to the developed country .
any attack to dislodge a defender from high ground in mountain warfare requires a far higher ratio of attackers to defenders , and the difficulties would be exacerbated by the high altitude and freezing temperatures .
for instance , candidates might only spend time in certain battleground districts instead of the entire state , and cases of gerrymandering could become exacerbated as political parties attempt to draw as many safe districts as they can .
rising tensions between the natives and western settlers were exacerbated by fighting in the french and indian war and the encroachment on tribal hunting grounds .
contempt of cop " situations may be exacerbated if other officers witness the allegedly contemptuous behavior .
the situation was exacerbated by a united states blockade that prevented french reinforcements from landing .
ethiopia is the source of over 85% of the total nile waters flow but it underwent a series of tragic famines in the 1980s , exacerbated by adverse geopolitics and civil wars , resulting in perhaps a million deaths .
the situation has been exacerbated today when the us army is engaged in operations against a non - traditional enemy ( insurgents , guerrillas , etc . ) and no order of battle can be compiled , the equivalent military intelligence output requiring an increase in acquired data and analysis effort to provide an accurate and timely picture to the combat commander .
the odour in the dissection rooms is also said to have exacerbated his illness .
thurman died at the age of 32 from tuberculosis , which many suspect was exacerbated by his long fight with alcoholism .
the crisis in relations was exacerbated in late august 1994 , when an albanian court sentenced five members ( a sixth member was added later ) of the ethnic greek organization omonoia to prison terms of 6–8 years on charges of treason , because they demanded that northern epirus be granted to greece , and for illegal carrying of arms .
this is exacerbated by the increased rate of desertification thought to be the result of global warming .
the anomalous jurisdictional situation only exacerbated tensions between town and gown .
ken aston , the english supervisor of referees , entered the field to try to persuade rattín to leave , but this exacerbated the situation since the latin american teams had already suspected that the english and germans were collaborating to eliminate them from the competition .
magruder , an amateur actor before the war , exacerbated mcclellan 's confusion by moving infantry and artillery in a noisy , ostentatious manner to make the defenders seem a much larger forces than their actual numbers .
at 76 years of age , he is in a poor state of health , exacerbated by his treatment in prison , which has included torture , inadequate access to medical treatment , being held in a cell designed for military dogs , without bedding , and being deprived of food and water for long periods of time .
the sale came following financial difficulties exacerbated by the loss of a copyright infringement suit , in which composer glenn monroig won $ 7.7 million from a federal jury , which had grown to $ 11 million with interest , based on claims that rmm had modified one of his songs and used it without his permission or payment of royalties .
fiscal reforms in 1979 and 1980 exacerbated overinvestment by allowing local governments to keep a much greater percentage of the revenue from enterprises in their respective areas .
most of this growth reflected the exacerbated proliferation of civil service employment and the associated cost of public administration , together with the contribution of tourism services during the 1980s to the detriment of more sustainable and reproductive activities like manufacturing , exporting and technology / capital - intensive industries .
china 's growing economy has resulted in a large increase in demand for shark fins ; combined with the importance of this top predator in oceanic ecosystems , has exacerbated problems the practice perpetuates .
the mixed results were a combination of reliability problems ( exacerbated by the tropical climate ) , limited pilot training in fighter - to - fighter combat , and restrictive rules of engagement that generally prohibited bvr ( beyond visual range ) engagements .
the game received poor reviews and sales , which was exacerbated by the negative attention over the nudity .
his membership of the farmers ' parliamentary union ( country liberal party from 1913 ) , however , exacerbated disunity among government ranks .
the chaos that this produced was exacerbated by a charge by the louisiana tigers , who began looting and pillaging in the wagon train .
moore had expensive tastes , and , despite the large sums he was earning from his writing , soon got into debt , a situation which was exacerbated by the embezzlement of money by the man he had employed to deputise for him in maine .
entering 1995 the financial crisis exacerbated .
li qiang , executive director of clw said low pay , long hours and poor working conditions combined with the inability to communicate with their colleagues exacerbated deeply held mistrust between the han and uyghurs .
