this work led him to excavate at phoenicê and nearby butrint in southern albania , where his excavations uncovered the theate with a fine group of statues , the late - antique baptistery and many other monuments .
the excavations have unearthed the oldest pieces of black - and - white pottery , characteristic of the tribes of northwest greece , discovered so far .
excavations outside the white hart pub in 1991 discovered part of a causeway - probably dating from the late saxon period .
phoenicians and carthaginians deeply exploited the mining richness , above all in the iglesiente , where there are some traces of excavations and wastes of fusion ascribable to this period .
however , there was a considerable amount of evidence uncovered in 2002 , after excavations on the site took place .
no professional archaeologist had ever been able to work at balkh until 2003 when excavations started to identify early strata down to the period of the achaemenids and the greeks .
excavations began in 1928 .
in the 20th century the belgian academy at rome carried out excavations at the site , under the direction of joseph mertens .
there have been several earlier archaeological surveys and excavations at kaupang .
excavations were made in 241 tombs and revealed mostly burials of children inside engraved ceramic vases .
recent excavations have shown that the town continued to be inhabited by the nabataeans continuously from this period until its destruction by earthquake in the early seventh century ce .
the capital city of chernihiv has known human settlement for over 2,000 years , according to archaeological excavations .
archaeological excavations at the site established a previously unknown cultural complex , designated as malagana - sonsoid , that dates between 300 bc to 300 ad
the survey also led to his important excavations at monte gelato ( 1986 - 1990 ) and narce ( 1966 - 1971 ) .
the settlement of the i bc millennium along with some buildings of the ancient people of italy were the object of very recent archaeological excavations .
the buildings were found during excavations between 1927 and 1934 at megiddo .
pieces of art found during the excavations are now exhibited in i̇zmir and ephesus museums .
in his autobiography , " search for truth " , written between 1941 and 1942 , price claimed he was involved with archaeological excavations in greenwich park , london but in earlier writings on greenwich denied he had a hand in the excavation .
the findings of excellently preserved settlements as well as typological , radiometric , archaeological , and botanical analyses of the present excavations show a large scientific potential of the place regarding the late neolithic period .
archeological excavations began in 1934 , and some portions of the palace were reconstructed .
the then recent work of georges cuvier on fossil mammalia encouraged lartet in excavations which led in 1834 to his first discovery of fossil remains in the neighborhood of auch .
the museum was home to many of the greek world 's ancient relics found in and around the acropolis site since excavations started .
as a result of relaying the 19th century granite cobblestones , shallow excavations of the foundations revealed remains of a building that sat on that site .
extensive excavations and a survey were carried out at in 1962 - 1964 .
in the 1970s further excavations and restorations of some structures were conducted by inah and the university of missouri .
an eb ia - eb iii stratigraphic sequence from the 1946 excavations at tel bet yerah .
archaeological excavations show that the alemannians came to the area in around 260 ad upon the departure of the romans .
excavations on the biblical fishing village bethsaida , on the shore of the sea of galilee and birthplace of the apostles peter , philip and andrew , have shown that bethsaida was established in the tenth century bce .
excavations in the 19th century showed one layer on top of the other .
local labour was taken on during construction of the railway to break or ' shatter ' rocks as well as work on the excavations .
he criticized earlier han dynasty maps for their lack of precision and quality when representing scale and measured distances , although 20th century archeological excavations and findings of maps predating the 3rd century prove otherwise .
over the years there have been a number of major archaeological explorations of this site , starting with excavations from 1889 - 1891 by e. pavlovich and g. ossowski .
later excavations strengthened the idea that this site is herod 's mausoleum .
among the noteworthy finds from the ongoing excavations are the impressive late 9th cent .
he subsequently took up his residence in rome as lecturer on greek antiquities and greatly interested himself in the roman forum excavations .
soviet excavations , started in 1957 , yielded rich finds , including a marble statue of a greek goddess ( " aphrodite of taman " ) .
earlier guesses had been that the bishop 's church was beneath today 's parish church , but from historic comparisons franz glaser , who is in charge of the teurnia excavations , deducted the actual position along the western city walls .
the ecomuseum ’s visitors receive all the information related to this territory inside the santa teresa building , by means of audiovisual material , scale models and the exhibition of the archaeological findings revealed in the excavations that are carried out in the port of sanitja .
following excavations , the area that contained mastodon b was backfilled and incorporated into the backyard of a single - family home .
he was a phd student under grahame clark ( learning " prehistory on clark 's excavations at star carr in the early 1950s " ) , but " left this [ his phd ] unfinished " when in 1952 , he married ann paull ( b. 1931 ) , the daughter of vivian hearle paull and rachel alice merz , and " was in need of an income . "
thorough excavations at castlehill in 1985 - 1989 revealed the remains of the stone castle and traces of the previous timber one .
from 1904 to 1907 curtius participated in excavations at aegina and hattusa , afterwards becoming an associate professor at the university of erlangen , where in 1913 he became " professor ordinarius " .
the species ' binomen honors j. c. lopdell , who assisted marples in recovering the fossils of this bird and others found in the duntroon excavations .
through more recent excavations , the existence of a city was confirmed , at least for the latter period in the 8th century .
archaeological excavations in the area have uncovered very little remains , probably the site was never used .
the recording and giving of advice is currently the primary role of the service and excavations are now principally carried out by other agencies .
excavations carried out in 1996 and 1997 hit gold when archaeologists discovered a buddhist stupa along with monastery ( vihara ) which were estimated to belong to the 8th-9th century ad ( contemporary to paharpur stupa now in bangladesh ) .
excavations in 2004 at the hill " dyado sabev bair " , which is located right next to the hill " zajchi vrah " , opened a unique tumulus , ( or burial mound ) , of the yamna culture .
he returned to study at the national school of anthropology , where he completed his master dissertation " excavations at the archaeologic zone of cerro del tepalcate " ( 1961 ) .
excavations proved that it was an advanced town with monumental buildings .
since june 2005 , the village has been undergoing archaeological excavations for the first time ever , as a result of an agreement between abyaneh research center and the archaeology research center of the iranian cultural heritage and tourism organization ( ichto ) .
excavations at mathura revealed many jain statues from the kushana period .
in 1881 a portion of a highly intricate coloured floor mosaic or tessellated pavement , depicting different types of fish , were unearthed during excavations in the garden of a cottage .
excavations were hurried , and there was little time for preservation or study .
the castle was bought by the municipality in 1967 , and from 1995 to 1999 excavations and consolidation works have stopped its deterioration .
modern excavations have shown that human presence on the island can be dated back to the neolithic and the bronze age .
in the 1990s excavations were made under the direction of yannos g. lolos , assistant professor of prehistoric archaeology at the university of ioannina , epirus , in collaboration with the department of palaeoanthropology of the greek ministry of culture .
the site of uruk was discovered in 1849 by william kennett loftus who led the first excavations from 1850 to 1854 .
the excavations have revealed the traces of a 3,500 year - old civilisation similar to that of harappa - mohenjo - daro .
roman pottery was also found in these excavations , including samian ware and roof tiles .
he began excavations there in 1861 , later extending his archaeological ventures to philippi , western macedonia , illyria and thessaly .
in 1887 , excavations at tell el - amarna in egypt uncovered the diplomatic correspondence of pharaoh amenhotep iii and his son akhenaton .
though the site of the villa was rediscovered during brief excavations carried out by francesco la vega in the eighteenth century , the swimming pool , which measures 60 by 15 meters , was not unearthed until the 1970s .
in excavations , conducted here in 1925 - 26 , traces of four structures along with some lintels of terracotta , buddha images , and an inscribed visnu image were found .
recent excavations , though , have revealed more cultural diversity within that region than scholars had expected .
university of oregon archaeologist luther cressman 's 1938 excavations at fort rock cave placed human habitation in oregon as early as 13,200 years ago .
kathleen kenyon 's first field experience was as a photographer for the pioneering excavations at great zimbabwe in 1929 , led by gertrude caton - thompson .
archaeological excavations in the 20th century unveiled ships and landing bridges under the present streets — today located more than 500 metres ( 1.600 feet ) from the waterfront .
normally , excavations are made around the building and the building is separated from the foundations .
excavations that began in 1956 succeeded in uncovering the fortified city of hasanlu , once thought to be a potential mannaean site .
future excavations will give an answer to a lot of questions for its origin .
this continuum has proved to be invaluable in relating and dating other excavations in the rocky mountain region .
victor place resumed the excavations from 1852 to 1855 .
excavations at the site have yielded two punic cemeteries and roman ruins , including baths and a villa with mosaics " .
during excavations in the early 1980s , a 3 metre by 2 metre area of floor in a mid 18th century cellar beneath the house was removed .
archaeologist petar mutafchiev conducted excavations in 1913 and published his findings in the article " the elenska basilica in the vicinity of pirdop " .
it has been involved in a multitude of excavations , such as leukas and ithaca ( ionian islands ) , orchomenos and thebes ( boeotia ) , menidi and eleusis ( attica ) and amyklai ( laconia ) .
by the early 16th century , there were stone excavations operating around today 's jardin des plantes , boulevard st - marcel , val - de - grâce hospital , southern luxembourg ( by then the chartreuse coventry ) and in areas around the rue vaugirard .
evans found 3,000 clay tablets during excavations and worked to transcribe them .
archaeological excavations were done in 1995 and 1998 in a quest to uncover its mysterious past ..
in the 1960s , some previously discarded debris from the excavations beneath st peters basilica were re - examined , and the bones of a male person were identified .
this roof , however , was later demolished and the present cover building erected in the 1990s following the excavations of 1990–1991 .
excavations of the bronze age monuments usually reveal not the bronze articles themselves , but their stone imitations ( replicas ) .
brew also became actively involved with the national park service advisory board and unesco ’s international committee for monuments , historic sites , and archaeological excavations , for which he was chairman for a number of years .
the roman water supply also served the town and recent excavations in the town centre have uncovered the fifth aqueduct and the roman baths .
additional excavations have unearthed tombs with mummies , tools , ceramic works , painted pottery and other artistic artifacts .
archaeological excavations have found several wall paintings of the kri - kri .
the final publication of the rescue excavations at the important site of khan khaldeh was interrupted by the archaeologist 's untimely death in 1979 .
joint american - jordanian excavations have been conducted , but nicolo marchetti , an italian archaeologist , says they do not constitute genuine collaboration : " [ ... ] you might find , at a site , one hole with jordanians and 20 holes with americans digging in them .
excavations in haiti conducted by charles fairbanks and kathleen deagan between 1979 and 1988 also generated two large historic - era collections that are being curated at the florida museum of natural history on behalf of the haitian government .
some exploratory excavations at merv were conducted in 1885 by the russian general a.v. komarov , the governor of the transcaspian oblast , 1883 - 89 ; komarov employed his tsarist troops as excavators and published his collection of trophy artifacts and coins from the area in 1900 .
since 1990 the excavations have been directed by susanne wilbers - rost .
he also led the 1875 - 1881 german excavations at olympia .
his works feature numantia , in " die keltiberer und ihre kriege mit rom " ( 1914 ) ; " tartessos " ( 1924 ) ; viriato ; " sertorius " ; " l'amour , l'amour est la véritable clef de l'histoire " ; " los cántabros y astures y su guerra con roma " ( 1943 ) is schultens most important monographs on his excavations .
in 1994 , kelso began excavations on jamestown island at the behest of the apva , despite the widely - held belief that the original location of the first permanent english settlement in the united states had washed into the james river .
he is a former member of the faculty at columbia university ( 1959–1988 ) , and his best - known excavations were at the neanderthal site at shanidar cave in iraq .
archeological excavations carried out by the archeological survey of india unearthed treasures from the vaults in the buildings , which date the occupation of this monument during feruz shah ’s reign and also by sheikh hasan tahir ( a saint ) during sikander lodi ’s rule at the beginning of the 16th century .
the figurine was found by local amateur archaeologist tommy olesen on september 2 , 2009 during roskilde museum 's excavations at the small village of gammel lejre ( old lejre ) , near the modern town of lejre .
however , excavations of jerusalem have shown a distinct lack of monumental architecture from the era , and remains of neither the temple nor solomon 's palace have been found , although it should be noted that a number of significant but politically sensitive areas have not been extensively excavated , including the site that the temple is traditionally said to have been located .
also during salvage excavations under mehmet önal , an archaeologist from gaziantep museum , two more roman villas were uncovered .
the excavations carried out by maharaja ranjit singh in 1830 , have yielded a large amount of coins , copper and brass vessels .
when large - scale excavations of pompeii were undertaken in the 1860s , much of the erotic art of the romans came to light , shocking the victorians who saw themselves as the intellectual heirs of the roman empire .
the brochtorff circle excavations ( 1987 - 1994 ) .
excavations at st. andrew 's cathedral have revealed artifacts dating from the 14th century to the 20th century , which suggest that the 14th - century settlement in singapore extended well beyond the singapore river .
the indus valley civilization ( ivc ) was discovered in the 1920s and is known only from archaeological excavations , except , possibly , for sumerian references to " meluhha " , which has been proposed to correspond to the ivc .
a century later , in the 1970s , french archeologist annette laming - emperaire carried out excavations in the area and discovered the oldest human fossil in brazil , over 11 thousand years old , given the nickname luzia .
excavations at nausharo , 6 km from mehrgarh , revealed a dwelling - site contemporaneous and identical to mehrgarh , it was occupied between 3000 and 2550 bce and again between 2550 and 1900 bce .
it carries out archaeological surveys and excavations funded through membership subscriptions as well as being involved in the protection and recording of historic buildings and churches .
the papacy started organizing its own investigations with pope pius vii ; under mussolini massive excavations were undertaken from 1938 to 1942 .
excavations here had yielded 30 buddhist monasteries , as well as art works and inscriptions of great historical importance .
the objects obtained are described and ifiustrated in excavations in cyprus , published by the trustees of the museum in i900 .
archaeological excavations carried out here in the 1930s laid bare the remains of the roman forum and civic building constructed on two colonnaded floors with two apses .
it was found in 1977 during excavations by c.m. stibbe .
the excavations have cast some light onto the floor plan of the first church , which featured the large mosaic .
excavations .
in the following years , 1923 - 24 , andersson , in his capacity as a staff member of china 's national geological survey , conducted archaeological excavations in the provinces of gansu and qinghai , again in collaboration with chinese colleagues , and published numerous books and scientific papers on chinese archaeology , many in the bulletin of the museum of far eastern antiquities , which he founded and launched in 1929 .
in 1998 , excavations uncovered a structure that proved later to be that of a church immediately north of the tower .
excavations carrid out by iraqi department of antiquities revealled that although these towers stretched two meters into the ground , they were being stabilized by another set of differently sized towers beneath them , that at one point belonged to an earlier mosque on the site .
subsequent excavations produced evidence of neolithic , bronze age and early pre - roman occupation of the hill - top and uncovered remains of a late pre - roman iron age and romano - british iron - working settlement of the first , second and early third centuries ad .
following the conquests of alexander the great ( 336 bc to 323 bc ) , greek culture spread as far as india , as revealed by the excavations of ai - khanoum in eastern afghanistan , and the civilization of the greco - bactrians and the indo - greeks .
evidence of this has been found in recent excavations in kumrahar in modern day patna .
during those 2 centuries before the mid-5th century bce , the archaic smile was widely sculpted , as evidenced by statues found in excavations all across the greek mainland , asia minor , and on islands in the aegean sea .
excavations continue by a team from the college of william and mary , the virginia department of natural history and representatives of virginia descendant tribes of the powhatan .
on the bases of both some excavations and the typology of the burial monuments , it has been suggested that there was a gradual spread of the iron age sites from the north to the south .
assisted by dr. duncan mackenzie , who had already distinguished himself by his excavations on the island of melos , and mr. fyfe , an architect from the british school at athens , evans employed a large staff of local labourers as excavators , and began work in 1900 .
herzog directed the excavations at tel beer sheba , tel michal and tel gerisa and in 1997 has begun a new exploration project at tel yafo ( ancient jaffa ) .
from the eighteenth century in fact , ancient egyptian pieces from excavations include the ancient practice of the municipal library of grenoble , which jean - françois champollion is the assistant librarian .
modeling of the potential marine carbon contribution to the chilean archaeological specimen casts further doubt on claims for pre - columbian chickens , and definitive proof will require further analyses of ancient dna sequences and radiocarbon and stable isotope data from archaeological excavations within both chile and polynesia .
st. andrews kirk ( church ) - which excavations have revealed was built on the foundations of an older church or pagan temple - was built in 1177 and used by pilgrims to pray for safe passage across the water .
excavations have revealed burial cist in the largest mound as well as a bronze age building nearby .
the trust through its projects teams undertakes assessments , evaluations , surveys , watching - briefs , building recording and excavations in south wales and elsewhere .
another was found during rescue excavations at penhale round on the a30 , the most easterly example , but this has since been destroyed .
aerial photographs and minor archaeological excavations in 1976 indicated the presence of the remains of a roman villa underneath the school 's sports fields .
joined the ongoing excavations of the peking man site at zhoukoudian as an advisor in 1926 and continued in the role for the cenozoic research laboratory of the geological survey of china following its founding in 1928 .
she used the fellowship to study at the american school of classical studies at athens , works on excavations with carl blegen at phlius and hetty goldman at eutresis .
however , excavations of the fujiwara - kyō yakushi - ji site in the 1990s suggest that there may have been two yakushi - jis at one time .
systematic excavations commenced in 2001 , and initially probed only a very small ( 18 x 25 m ) segment of what had been interpreted as a residential zone .
" excavation techniques at first were modelled after excavations in egypt and the near east and searched for large artifacts and walls without much care for the delicate remains that might have existed in the ground around these artifacts .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montanes , freshwater marshes , and open excavations .
excavations of the surrounding area uncovered hindu and buddhist relics from the 9th century ce .
a revival of digging in section with machines has occurred in recent years by a proliferation of limited time constrained development led excavations .
its excavations continued after the war and the area becgan to develop around the area .
key excavations .
excavations .
these excavations were finally published in 1905 as " forty years researches in british and saxon burial mounds of east yorkshire " .
" with a desolate future , the people look to their past for a glint of hope . excavations at an ancient tower have provided the people with a deadly arsenal , now turned upon their foes .
myers wood : recent archaeological excavations have uncovered the most complete iron working site in the north of england at myers wood .
the archaeological excavations at pattanam show that the ancient port town of muziris was in modern kerala .
in 1892 when excavations were undertaken by alexander rea , three inscribed stone relic caskets containing crystal caskets , relics of buddha and jewels were found .
as part of the survey potter worked on the " ager faliscus " leading to two influential books , " a faliscan town in south etruria : excavations at narce 1966 - 71 " ( 1976 ) and " the changing landscape of south etruria " ( 1979 ) .
features that only form on sub - aerial ground , including erosion channels , pothole - like excavations , mud cracks and dendritic rill marks are all present , and provide firm evidence that parts of the environment consisted of beaches or unvegetated ground that occasionally ran dry .
excavations carried out by tel aviv university since 1992 have revealed continuous habitation from the second millennium bce up to the middle ages .
it stands now in its little garden on the tripodon street ( " street of the tripods " ) , which follows the line of the ancient street of the name , which led to the theater of dionysus and was once lined with choragic monuments , of which the foundations were discovered in excavations during the 1980s .
excavations at pueblo bonito , chaco canyon 's most famous site , is what sets him apart from most american anthropologists .
no excavations have as yet been undertaken at termessos .
further excavations at the temples were conducted in the post - world war ii period under the directorship of dr. j.g. baldacchino .
archaeological excavations carried out at tagaung had yielded bronze age drums , and also votive tablets connected to anawrahta .
archaeological excavations of burial sites on the island of lovön near modern - day stockholm have shown that the actual christianization of the people was very slow and took at least 150 - 200 years , and this was a very central location in the swedish kingdom .
excavations in the late 20th century in pylos uncovered a wine cellar reportedly belonging to king nestor .
later research and excavations conducted by the tennessee division of archaeology , however , placed both fort blount and williamsburg just outside the listing 's boundaries .
ambassador college also sponsored archaeological excavations in israel .
1996 ( gil j. stein ) “ 1995 excavations at hacınebi tepe ” .
" barroco " ( from " excavations " ) , seamus eam 9401
he summarized his findings in " the meryans and their lifestyle as shown by kurgan excavations " .
in 1973 the collection was increased further by the acquisition of part of the sir henry wellcome collection , and by the bequest of colonel j. r. danson in 1976 , which included more material from amarna and from garstang ’s excavations at abydos .
although the site 's existence was known to archaeologists for decades , due to its remote location no thorough investigation of the site took place until 2004 , when the mirador basin project carried out the first systematic excavations .
the annex was used at first to house the items found in searches in the necropolis of carthage and excavations of the st. louis hill but also douimès , the hill of juno , the sainte - monique hill and also the carthaginian christian basilicas .
further excavations are planned to search for a shaft tomb .
it was thought that the church had a small latin - cross plan , but continuing excavations in 1927 by ramsay and in the present by taşlıalan have shown that the central church has a larger and a more orthodox plan .
many other castles were identified by excavations .
recent excavations have yielded some tiles bearing gold leaf .
excavations in 1984 to determine the layout were unsuccessful .
they should at charles de vigneral , levistre chassaigne and summarize the results of excavations at dolmen di nador and wadi frarah .
with the support of bma trustee robert garrett , the baltimore museum of art joined the musées nationaux de france , worcester art museum , and princeton university during the excavations of 1932 to 1939 , discovering 300 magnificent mosaic pavements in and around the lost city .
earlier excavations had indicated saxon burials in the area however it was not expected to make such a find .
since excavations started in 1999 major descoveries include a phoenician sanctuary , a large communal tomb from the end of the middle bronze age containing 58 human remains , a large city wall , several domestic structures from the iron age ii and multiple small finds .
in 1837 , english army officer richard william howard vyse , and engineer john shae perring began excavations within the pyramid of menkaura .
data recovery excavations at the maple swamp ( 38hr309 ) and big jones ( 38hr315 ) sites on the conway bypass .
excavations were also made below the royal tombs layer : a -thick layer of alluvial clay covered the remains of earlier habitation , including pottery from the ubaid period , the first stage of settlement in southern mesopotamia .
alodia 's location in modern sudan rather than egypt has also hampered excavations as the greater instability of that country has long hampered work .
in 1993 excavations found pockets of shells and a scatter of large greenstone flakes .
this was confirmed by excavations in which foundations of the wall which closed the original basilica were found .
excavations done during 1924–1925 , in noin - ula kurgans located in selenga river in the northern mongolian hills north of ulan bator , produced objects with over 20 carved characters , which were either identical or very similar to that of to the runic letters of the turkic orkhon script discovered in the orkhon valley .
two test trenches in the front and rear galleries revealed eneolithic age and bronze age layers dating back to 5000 - 4000 b.c.e. excavations during 2007 - 2008 uncovered 3 pot burials in the rear chamber of the cave .
recently another theory appeared , based on new archaeological excavations .
since 1986 excavations have resumed in a joint franco - syrian effort under the direction of pierre leriche .
she is best known for her excavations in jericho in 1952 - 1958 .
excavations at akoris .
excavations in 1949 following the discovery of the site by aizawa tadahiro confirmed the existence of two cultural strata , one of which contained small tools such as points and blades made of obsidian and agate .
( leblanc , p. 174 ) other excavations within the ancient pueblo culture area produce varying numbers of unburied , and in some cases dismembered , bodies .
since the late 1970s , excavations of the offerings in the great pyramid of tenochtitlan , teotihuacán 's pyramid of the moon and other archaeological sites have provided physical evidence of human sacrifice among the mesoamerican peoples .
qazvin contains several archeological excavations .
howard carter joined him as his assistant in the excavations in 1909 .
martin carver has developed the carver matrix and other analytical procedures for writing up excavations .
findings of the excavations include paved roads , some brick and many adobe buildings , floor heating systems , bed - stoves , evidence for processing of copper , gold , silver , iron ( incl . iron wheel naves ) , glass , jewels , bones , and birch bark , as well as ceramics and coins from china and central asia .
the excavation is one of the largest ever undertaken in ireland at a monastic house and the publication by , " kells priory , co. kilkenny : archaeological excavations by t. fanning & m. clyne " , is one of the largest ever published on a rural medieval site .
using his excavations as well as textual sources , including the dead sea scrolls and the historical accounts recorded by pliny the elder , philo , and flavius josephus .
the conclusion of the excavations was that the site had " enormous archaeological potential " , but that there were still unanswered questions about the castle .
the account of his excavations was published in 1842 .
in the 1880s , the smithsonian institution team led by emmert conducted several excavations in the valley , uncovering artifacts and burials related to valley 's 18th - century overhill cherokee inhabitants and prehistoric inhabitants .
" phra padhone chedi ( วัดพระประโทณเจดีย์ ) " : as wat phra padhone chedi is located in the middle of the ancient city of nakhon chaisi thus several artefacts were discovered during excavations .
in the 1st century , the tradition was brought across the baltic sea to the area of modern - day northern poland , probably by the goths , as excavations made in 20th as well as in the end of 19th century indicate .
excavations were conducted through the 1960s , and the remains of approximately 40 ichthyosaurs were found .
so far , excavations have not revealed whether netley had a separate infirmary complex .
the first excavations took place in tigranakert 2005 .
excavations in 2004 - 5 under the initiative of an italian archaeological team unearthed evidence of an enormous factory that existed 4,000 years ago during the bronze age .
several years ago during the reordering of the church excavations , part of a celtic cross that dates back to the 9th ( possibly the 6th ) century was found .
charcoal pieces that were found in one cave during initial excavations from 1969 - 72 have been carbon dated to 13,000 years old ( before present ) .
the first copy of the code to come to light , dated to the reign of tiglath - pileser i , was discovered in the course of excavations by the german oriental society ( 1903 - 1914 ) .
the institute conducts archaeological excavations and also publishes a number of books and journals .
excavations in the 1970s and 1980s by roger mercer produced large quantities of neolithic material .
it is thought to have been rediscovered in the early 17th century during some excavations for the foundations of the villa ludovisi and was first recorded in a 1623 inventory of the collections of the powerful ludovisi family of rome .
h. m. krishna , after his excavations at chandravalli and brahmagiri , discovered 2000 inscriptions and published these discoveries as the volumes 13 , 14 and 15 of " epigraphia carnatica " .
he spent his spare time in peshawar exhuming bactrian greek and kushan coins from buddhist stupas in the khyber pass , making numerous excavations then sending the findings on to the asiatic society of bengal in calcutta .
archaeological excavations of pre - catholic cemeteries in nousiainen and surrounding parishes show a clear discontinuation of traditions in the early 13th century , but no abrupt changes are apparent in the religious environment among the 12th century finds .
his return to the american academy in rome from syria in 1947 marked the beginning of the academy 's involvement in archaeological fieldwork in italy with the excavations of the latin colony of cosa ( ansedonia ) in southwestern tuscany , a site which has since become a template for the archaeology of latin colonies and mid - republican rome itself .
this account by procopius corresponds with the excavations of yoram tsafrir , as well as a tablet uncovered on the vaulted subterranean cistern that securely dates the building to 543 .
it contains some of the very first realistic drawings of egyptian monuments and to this day remains a primary source for the looks of egyptian monuments before widespread 19th and 20th century tourism and excavations .
history of excavations .
excavations at worms , treves , cologne and in the eifel revealed glass factories that were probably roman in origin - indeed , " römer " is german for " roman " .
excavations at brunswick town began in 1958 and items such as bullets , buttons , and a cannon ball were retrieved inside the st. philip 's church ruins .
this has restricted extraction of groundwater , drilling of new holes and excavations within their aquifer habitat .
excavations of dark age communities such as nichoria in the peloponnese have shown how a bronze age town was abandoned in 1150 bc but then reemerged as a small village cluster by 1075 bc .
through another member , pietro visconti , it succeeded in abolishing the purely commercial administration of the excavations at ostia , and placed them on a scientific basis .
evidence showing the worship of eastern deities has also been found during excavations in york .
following the iron age , the excavations revealed that qumran was principally in use from the hasmonean times until some time after the destruction of the temple by titus .
and recent excavations to the south of the fort have found evidence of further roman activity
japanese government conducted excavations of archeological sites and preservation of their artifacts .
the project was jointly sponsored by the pacific school of religion ( psr ) and the american schools of oriental research ( asor ) and represents one of the earliest scientific excavations in israel / palestine .
the location is about five miles from present day hissarlik , the site of the present archeological excavations .
. excavations at many sites along the coast of the district , including present day villages such as : enmelen , nunlingran , yanrakinnot and sireniki indicate an abundance of food as well as indicating a considerable dgree of continuity in terms of indigenous settlement .
he wrote and edited with clarity , and his popular works are not dumbed - down : " archaeology and the old testament " ( 1958 ) traced the evolution of modern approaches to archaeology from the first excavations in the holy land ; " solomon and sheba " ( 1974 ) separated fact from legend .
marcel - auguste dieulafoy ( august 3 , 1844 - february 25 1920 ) was a french archaeologist , noted for his excavations at susa ( modern - day shush , iran ) in 1885 and for his work , " l'art antique de la perse . "
subsequent excavations have shown that only one corner of the first triangular fort ( which contained the original settlement ) turned out to have been destroyed .
excavations from minoan crete at knossos , for example , have yielded specimens from about 1800 bc , including one cylinder seal depicting an ibex defending itself from a hunting dog .
excavations in the village of kuşsaray and the small town of elvançelebi indicate habitation since 5000 bc .
he began excavations in amarna , where he discovered the workshop of the sculptor djhutmose , amongst its contents was the bust of nefertiti , ( now in the neues museum in berlin ) .
it was the site of archeological excavations in 1978 to 1980 .
theodore m. davis ( 1837 – february 23 , 1915 ) was an american lawyer and is best known for his excavations in egypt 's valley of the kings between 1902 and 1914 .
thanks to british excavations crried out in sparta ’s sanctuary of artemis orthia , their true origin was quickly identified .
in 2006 , excavations revealed that it continues for some distance below the current ground level .
systematic excavations at the site were carried out in the twentieth century by the german school in athens , at first under the direction of adolf furtwängler .
a - k were found during ernest de sarzec 's excavations in the court of the palace of adad - nadin - ahhe in telloh / girsu .
excavations on rabbi pinchas street in the flea market have revealed walls and water conduits dating to the iron age , hellenistic period , early islamic period , crusader period and ottoman era .
the story of the 1980s excavations of roman dover during the construction of the new a256/york street bypass is most interesting .
excavations in the carmel region indicate that human settlement in the area dates back over 150,000 years .
there was a settlement on the chigwell side of the river at little london ; excavations indicate that this may have been a relay station ( mutatio ) where official travellers on state business could change horses and rest for the night .
the school also sponsored excavations in mexico , guatemala , and south america , and led the effort to preserve 22 spanish missions in new mexico .
further excavations also identified a complex of monumental buildings ( a 23 m x 8 m two - level palace / port , two churches , a tower with a well , palisades , ditches and other construction components — portal , frieze , colons , mouldings , capitals , window enclosures , arches — local and imported ceramics , sculpted pieces , coins , book binders , adornments , fragments of apparels , bronze vessels , knives , crossbow arrows , spurs , glass panes , plates , dishes and pots , candles .
excavations have revealed the remains of an earlier stone church on the site , probably never completed .
in 1884 , i. pantelidis made excavations and founded marble writings .
the review also stated no evidence of a prehistoric african influence or presence had been found in controlled archaeological excavations in the new world .
it is probable that the first , apparently rather amateurish , excavations on the castle site took place in 1906 .
the research project has become one of the biggest and most interdisciplinary excavations in the mediterranean , where all aspects of the city and its territory are studied by means of a variety of modern research techniques .
the excavations were under the direction of d.m. robinson and , employing at times over 200 men from yalvaç , the great basilica , tiberia platea , propylon and monumental western gate were exposed .
