arriving in early january 1944 , the division fought exceptionally during the fierce battles around the city .
although extremely rural , in recent years sumter county has sustained an exceptionally large increase in population , almost solely due to the expansion of the villages retirement complex , a significant portion of which is in the county .
the patch was exceptionally large .
they also mocked them by calling them " the methodists " for being overly methodical and exceptionally detailed with their bible study , opinions and lifestyle .
while in the shipyard in december 1970 , " sturgeon " was awarded the navy unit commendation for exceptionally meritorious service during a period earlier that year .
the known fossil material of " yinlong " consists of a single exceptionally well - preserved skeleton , complete with skull , of a nearly adult animal , found in 2004 in the middle - late jurassic strata of the shishugou formation located in xinjiang province , china .
a result of this was that the morale of the hj was exceptionally high , and the relationship between the officers , ncos and men was an informal one , based on mutual trust and respect .
this meant that nearly all of the cosmological programs were essentially impossible since they required observation of exceptionally faint objects .
anam supports exceptionally talented young musicians in their pursuit of excellence in performance .
because of this system , the game has an exceptionally large number of playable characters , 150 in all .
an exceptionally slender building , it was one of the city 's tallest office highrises until the skyscraper boom of the late 80s .
instead , 1946 was witnessed to an exceptionally severe drought , turned into famine over some areas .
it is not unusual for species that typically have five - rays to exceptionally possess five or more rays due to developmental abnormalities .
clive coates describes bonneau du martray 's white corton - charlemagne wine as " one of the very greatest in all burgundy " and hugh johnson lists bonneau du martray as one of the leading côte d'or producers and gives the estate his highest rating of 4 stars indicating " exceptionally fine or great quality , consistent over many vintages " .
he performed exceptionally well , getting 130 hits in 114 games and maintaining an impressive.307 batting average .
but in the event of an exceptionally large chorus , say 700 to 800 voices , the entire chorus should only be used for the " dies irae " , the " tuba mirum " , and the " lacrymosa " , the rest of the movements being restricted to 400 voices . "
pal performed exceptionally well and the scene was completed in one take .
thus , he tells his visitors that he wishes to merge fallom 's brain with his own , as fallom 's life span is the exceptionally long one of a spacer .
these hybrids are selected for exceptionally fast growth and disease resistance .
science high schools ( turkish : fen lisesi - fl ) are public boarding high schools in turkey aimed to train exceptionally talented students on a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics .
its head spines are exceptionally strong .
as a result , b - triples are much more stable than road trains and handle exceptionally well .
the waterfall is fed only from the surplus water and thus now functions only for a very short period during the winter months when the water level of the lake is exceptionally high .
gebhard 's conversion and marriage were exceptionally costly , in terms of lives and property , and historians have made no actual estimate of its actual cost , although 19th century historians tend to criticize him for acting rashly .
however , they are not exceptionally radiation - resistant compared to other insects , such as the fruit fly .
the republic of macedonia has an exceptionally rich musical heritage .
the film was exceptionally well received by critics receiving an 87% ' fresh ' rating on rotten tomatoes director johnson was praised for his ' crowdpleasing ' debut and his success in getting the participants to ' open - up ' on camera .
the beatrice m. tinsley prize is awarded every other year by the american astronomical society in recognition of an outstanding research contribution to astronomy or astrophysics of an exceptionally creative or innovative character .
tannerite is unique in that it is exceptionally stable when subjected to less severe forces such as a hammer blow or being dropped .
in 1712 , henri de portal , a huguenot refugee from france , established a paper mill at bere mill in whitchurch , producing exceptionally hard and close - textured paper .
such material would cause " exceptionally grave damage " to national security if publicly available .
in fact , all members work in an honorary capacity , in continuing to be exceptionally responsive towards designing for inclusion and thereby empowering everyone through ' increased opportunities ' in daily life , to be more productive and gainful , healthier and full - fledged citizens .
the 1930s and 1970s featured exceptionally wide lapels , whereas during the late 1950s and most of the 1960s suits with very narrow lapels — often only about an inch wide — were in fashion .
around the time the first movies were going to be released , the popularity of the series in japan was exceptionally high .
this was good for business because he was exceptionally quick and efficient in his own well - fitted studio , but it was bad for business when haarlem fell on hard times .
individual orks are exceptionally cheap in terms of points and come in squads of up to 30 , and this allows players to build a large horde of models which can outnumber a more elite opponent several times over .
here , exceptionally , the elements " aber " and " inver " answer the question " which loch ? " , and so are placed second .
it was the success of this engine that allowed the company to grow exceptionally fast , necessitating the restructuring of the company .
january was very wet in the top end , kimberley and central australia , but distinctly dry in the south of the continent , leading onto a major heatwave with exceptionally dry conditions in the far southeast during february , when orbost received no rain and hobart only .
cliffs adjacent to the valley are exceptionally high , rising vertically some 800 m , while the nearby peaks of the weisshorn and dom sit 3000 m above the town of randa .
thailand 's leading singles player for a decade , the diminutive jaiyen performed exceptionally well in thomas cup ( men 's international team ) competition .
coupled with a simplified grammar , this made occidental exceptionally popular in europe during the 15 years before world war ii , and it is believed that it was at its height the fourth most popular planned language , after volapük , esperanto and perhaps ido in order of appearance .
lysenko was a member of the soviet union team during the early 1990s , a period when their pool of talent was exceptionally deep .
his 18 months at defense came at an exceptionally difficult time for the u.s. military establishment : communist governments came to power in czechoslovakia and china ; the soviets imposed a blockade on west berlin prompting the u.s. berlin airlift to supply the city ; the war between the arab states and israel after the establishment of israel in palestine ; and negotiations were going on for the formation of nato .
dan is exceptionally physically fit and health conscious .
huge calls feature exceptionally insightful and/or pointed commentary , and/or a great deal of smack that is not only articulate but inventive and humorous .
from the original family seat of fernleigh to the 1928 georgian manor of west hill , the properties are exceptionally well cared for .
charles xavier is a psychiatrist who ran the " xavier school for exceptionally wayward youth " , in westchester where he took in juvenile delinquints , but instead of reforming them , he actually further trained them in criminal talents , due to his belief that sociopathy was in fact the next state in human behavioral evolution .
there is an outstanding curriculum ... the school provides an excellent level of care and guidance which results in outstanding personal development ... the school is exceptionally well led by the headteacher and her senior team . '
” goudeau is described as a loving husband and exceptionally friendly neighbor who took meticulous care of his lawn .
the knights attempt to fight one of the soldiers who has come to the morgue , searching for survivors , but discover the man is not only exceptionally strong , but also possesses incredible healing abilities .
growing to a height of 10 - 20 m tall with a 0.4 m trunk diameter , exceptionally to 30 m tall and 1.6 m diameter , the tree is often stunted or prostrate .
moreover , he was exceptionally harsh toward and contemptuous of lower classes in society , as indicated by the heavy taxes he levied as prince of aquitaine and by the massacres he perpetrated at limoges and caen .
considered the best chopper pilot of the vietnam war , murdock is officially declared mentally unstable ( possibly caused by post - traumatic stress disorder during the war , which was common for many mentally - ill ' nam vets at that time ) , but is in fact exceptionally good at pretending he is .
judah i once invited him to a meal , and exceptionally he decided to accept the invitation ; but on arriving at the house of the patriarch he noticed in the yard mules of a certain kind the use of which was forbidden by local custom on account of the danger in handling them .
the 17 volumes of his mihai eminescu edition form part of an eminescu book collection at the botoşani county library , which in turn resulted from an exceptionally large donation made after the romanian revolution of 1989 .
this shrubby pine ranges from 1–3 m in height , exceptionally up to 5 m , but may have individual branches that extend farther along the ground in length .
for conspicuous gallantry and exceptionally distinguished service above and beyond the call of duty as communication officer of the u.s.s. san francisco in combat with enemy japanese forces in the battle off savo island , 12–13 november 1942 .
exceptionally also in initial position ( scottish gaelic " thu " /u:/ ' you ' ) .
vrilissia has exceptionally wide , straight roads , in stark contrast to those typically found in athens , and is also relatively green , with most houses / apartment blocks extending to gardens .
reviews for ' the gay divorcee ' have been exceptionally favourable ;
and as the doctor explains , zeiton-7 is exceptionally rare and only comes from one planet : varos .
taylor is a player , with an exceptionally strong tackling abilityhe is considered a great prospect and talent .
he has an exceptionally large record collection , with over 60,000 records .
during this period , he adopted a stage costume that comically accentuated his height , consisting of a shirt with an exceptionally long waist and tail , tucked into a pair of short blue jeans ( from little jimmy dickens ) belted around his knees .
he took 140 wickets that year , and in 1924 - a summer so wet that only one lancashire match was played throughout on a pitch " un"affected by rain - he was consistently deadly except against the most exceptionally skilled batsmen .
he has phenomenal strength , agility , and savage combat skills , and uses exceptionally long - bladed iron claws as weapons .
a remarkably unemotional and restrained woman ( her hair usually tightly pulled back in a severe bun ) , she has exceptionally pale skin , a monotonous voice , and dresses almost exclusively in drab , conservative clothing .
in this region , which would later be known as the american bottom , the alluvial soil was exceptionally fertile , and the local native americans , members of the illiniwek nation or illinois confederacy , were friendly to the newcomers .
the rapid rise in lake levels is due in part to an exceptionally rainy season and the removal of numerous unauthorized dams upstream .
the site shows rock exposures through the upper greensand and chalk which contain fossil crustaceans which are both unique and exceptionally well - preserved and support study of palaeontology in britain .
the body was found to be naturally mummified and in an exceptionally good state of preservation , so much so that some of his internal organs could be examined .
" the velocity of the bullet subcluster is not exceptionally high for a cluster substructure , and can be accommodated within the currently favoured lambda - cdm model cosmogony . "
the area 's only school , woodthorpe primary school , performs exceptionally well in its four yearly ofsted inspections and is regarded as one of the best primary schools in the country .
exceptionally for a french armoured cavalry regiment , it uses gold ( and not the usual silver ) insignia .
the playing surface sloped downwards and was initially known for being exceptionally muddy , but in 1880 the club 's committee spent £ 100 improving the drainage .
a rescue rope may be needed for tethering a team involved in exceptionally dangerous conditions .
in addition to having the highest ballistic skill of any ork character , his army is exceptionally well - equipped and has more heavy support options available to it than regular ork armies .
hundi loomine received numerous exceptionally positive reviews and commentaries in the local media , there was talk of the true mind of the estonians , the destruction of the negative effects of the english language and the rebirth of folklore through contemporary means and people .
how else to explain one ’s total flatness of feeling at the climax of each movie ? " taking a more positive stance , film critic chris barsanti compared " che " to a " guerrilla take on " patton " , calling it " an exceptionally good " war film , which rivaled " the battle of algiers " in its " you - are - there sensibility " .
she has strawberry - blonde hair and exceptionally large breasts .
the quantity of work was low as few commissions were made , but always of exceptionally high quality ; the stavelot triptych is an example of work done at this time .
little is known of wulfric 's life , but his will , approved while he was still living or shortly after his death by king æthelred , shows him to have been exceptionally wealthy .
other characters in the rincewind story arc include : cohen the barbarian , an aging hero of the old fantasy tradition , out of touch with the modern world and still fighting despite his advanced age ; twoflower , a naive tourist from the agatean empire ( inspired by cultures of the far east , particularly japan and china ) ; and the luggage , a magical , semi - sentient and exceptionally vicious multi - legged travelling accessory , made from sapient pearwood .
although massa managed to stay in the top 3 for the first half of the race , the exceptionally quick graining of the super soft tyres forced him into a 3 stop strategy .
she was a critical figure in mollifying the often fiery irish transit union leaders when african americans obtained jobs in the city ’s transit system in the aftermath of world war ii , demonstrating her abilities as a successful mediator between exceptionally hostile parties .
the outer hull , made of high - nickel , high - chrome content stainless steel 8.5 mm thick , had exceptionally good resistance to corrosion and a weak magnetic signature which helped prevent detection by magnetic anomaly detection ( mad ) systems .
as a technical work , this piece requires an extremely flexible hand , wide spans between fingers , accuracy in large leaps , and exceptionally fine tone control .
he was an exceptionally prolific journalist and scientific propagator .
for the live performance at the contest bissi made full use of her vocal strength and range ; one of the singer 's trademarks is the exceptionally low register of her contralto voice , " per elisa " is also partly sung in falsetto and thus covers close to four octaves .
the club still employs a members only policy during exceptionally busy times , for example when a major rugby international is played at the millennium stadium .
reaching or leaving grosmont by car involves an exceptionally steep hill on the road which goes up to the a169 .
in 1986 ( 8 sacks ) , 1987 ( 7 sacks ) , and 1988 jeter performed exceptionally well in his role , getting a career - high 11½ sacks in 1988 , including 5 in one game against the los angeles raiders on september 18 , 1988 , for which he was awarded the nfc player of the week .
during the early years of the war , warboys was a relatively conventional bomber station which was supplemented with the addition of an exceptionally long main runway measuring 6,290 feet .
gillingham won 2 - 0 that night in a game that went to extra time and wallis played exceptionally well in an unfamiliar position .
thanks to its long coastline and numerous fishing ports , tunisia can serve an abundant , varied and exceptionally fresh supply of fish in its restaurants .
the freckling that develops on the skin is also exceptionally dark and dense .
besides an exceptionally brilliant school career at j.j.school of arts , the student ravishankar was exposed to the prominent writers , thinkers , journalists of that time .
unlike other marine mammals , the sea otter has no blubber and relies on its exceptionally thick fur to keep warm .
the selection and training of today 's parabats remains exceptionally rigorous to ensure that the standard of combat efficiency is retained at a high level .
michael dirda said in an interview : " tom sharpe is very funny -- but exceptionally vulgar , crude and offensive .
nicknamed the " hwt " ( herschel walker trade ) , walker 's trade was widely perceived as an exceptionally poor move considering what the vikings had to give up in order to get him , and remains one of the most frequently vilified roster moves of the team 's history .
he was locally famous and known for being exceptionally tall .
after an exceptionally long voyage , they first landed at the entrance to the chesapeake bay on the south shore at a place they named cape henry ( for the henry frederick , prince of wales , the elder son of their king ) .
this is an exceptionally fast - flying martin which gives an occasional short " chi - i " call in flight .
sao follows an exceptionally inclined and moderately eccentric orbit illustrated on the diagram in relation to other irregular satellites of neptune .
the unveiling of the statue took exceptionally long time due to endless requests for revisions coming from the artistic committee .
signals in the range.01–.5 hz rose to exceptionally high levels about three hours before the earthquake .
the rich , typified by the handsome man - about - town lennox ( lowell sherman ) , are exceptionally selfish and think only of their own pleasure .
nassau officers ( along with the neighboring suffolk county police department ) have become known in recent years for their exceptionally high rate of pay , especially as compared with the nearby new york city police department .
the peninsula extends across an exceptionally dry belt even when compared with its immediate neighbors .
leibniz , who was exceptionally well read , could not have ignored this , but he did not use it himself until mid-1696 when he was sending for print his " new system " .
fabrics made with microfibers are exceptionally soft and hold their shape well .
whether in print or on the internet , comments and documents for the lost monarch are exceptionally limited , because few people know where this tree is .
at first he thinks it is a prank perpetrated by an exceptionally brilliant but eccentric graduate student named carl axelrod .
on 5 october 1945 , which had been officially designated as " nimitz day " in washington , d.c. , admiral nimitz was personally presented a gold star in lieu of the third distinguished service medal by the president of the united states " for exceptionally meritorious service as commander in chief , u.s. pacific fleet and pacific ocean areas , from june 1944 to august 1945 ... "
alam 's memoirs , published posthoumously , are exceptionally detailed documents on the life and the deeds of the shah as perceived by an insider .
lisi 's main work in theoretical physics is his exceptionally simple theory of everything , which proposes a unified field theory combining a grand unification theory of particle physics with albert einstein 's general relativistic description of gravitation , using the largest simple exceptional lie algebra , e8 .
soon after , having encountered exceptionally strong resistance from red army troops , he suggested a partial withdrawal to the don , due to high casualties among his troops in the salient north of stalingrad , just to the west of the volga .
compton was no exception , but it did have an exceptionally well - organized police department .
hussein received some criticism for the exceptionally large size of the somali government ; according to hussein , in naming the government he followed the " 4.5 " formula or quota required by the 2004 transitional federal charter , which provides for the division of posts between four main clans and a grouping of smaller clans .
clement was always exceptionally close to his sister , anna belle , relying on her for advice and support , and during his second governorship she served as his chief of staff .
" the bollocks " — and the definite article is important here — can be used to mean something exceptionally good , when one is talking about a person or object : " my new car is " the bollocks " ! " or " that new chef down the road , she 's " the bollocks " ! " .
since the release of the movie , the phrase has grown to mean any event where a situation is aggravated drastically by an exceptionally rare combination of circumstances .
the " conte di savoia " was more modern in decoration and appearance than the " rex " and was considered to be an exceptionally beautiful ship .
the welded metal bellows accumulator provides an exceptionally high level of accumulator performance , and can be produced with a broad spectrum of alloys resulting in a broad range of fluid compatibility .
given the magazine 's exceptional ( and exceptionally self - aware ) looseness , the focus of each issue is hard to discern .
the soil is gravelly and sandy , with exceptionally good drainage .
since he was normally very safety conscious and had exceptionally not worn a helmet on that day , it is believed that his death may have been a carefully planned suicide .
he putted exceptionally well thanks to his old " yes ! " putter he won both his u.s. open titles with and named " tracy " after his wife .
co - star ben stein was exceptionally moved by the film , calling it " the most life - affirming movie possibly of the entire post - war period . "
mahidol wittayanusorn school endeavors to provide world class education at the upper secondary level ( grade 10 – 12 ) for exceptionally gifted students in mathematics , science , and technology , so that they will have the essential qualities to become active lifetime learners , researchers and innovators .
exceptionally , one animal survived 15 months in captivity .
he was also , for example , an exceptionally gifted performer of richard strauss ; and even today his recordings of strauss 's tone poem " ein heldenleben " , which had been dedicated to him and the concertgebouw orchestra , are widely regarded by critics as among the best — if not the very best — of this piece ever made .
exceptionally skilled with computers and electronics , she creates a program that succeeds in uncovering batman 's secret identity out of pure curiosity .
in instances where many individuals are affiliated with an exceptionally successful program , project , or mission , the meritorious service award should be awarded to the relatively few individuals whose contributions clearly stand out from the others and who have contributed most to the success of the program .
they had an exceptionally happy marriage .
however , guitar pro only gives the user the choice of a treble or bass clef when defining instruments , and often it will produce the wrong default clef for certain instruments e.g. a treble clef for a cello where a bass clef should be used ; this would be exceptionally high for a cellist to play .
perfectionists tend to be exceptionally sensitive to criticism .
the opisthoproctid eye has a large lens and a retina with an exceptionally high complement of rod cells and a high density of rhodopsin ( the " visual purple " pigment ) ; there are no cone cells .
several students , such as christian reiher , have performed exceptionally well on the imo , scoring multiple gold medals .
expensive , exclusive private and international schools provide for an exceptionally high level of achievement and a large number of their students continue their education at renowned international universities .
in forests , the northern red oak grows straight and tall , to 28 m ( 90 ft ) , exceptionally to 43 m ( 140 ft ) tall , with a trunk of up to 50 - 100 cm ( 20 - 40 in ) diameter ; open - grown trees do not get so tall , but can develop a stouter trunk , up to 2 m ( 6 ft ) in diameter .
his music is less virtuosic and less adventurous harmonically than that of dieterich buxtehude , although , like buxtehude , pachelbel experimented with different ensembles and instrumental combinations in his chamber music and , most importantly , his vocal music , much of which features exceptionally rich instrumentation .
hermione is portrayed during the whole series as an exceptionally talented young witch .
the unique timbre of her voice was in part due to a medical anomaly : her throat was exceptionally wide .
it is a medium - sized to large tree , growing to 20 - 35 m ( exceptionally 41 m ) tall , with a trunk up to 2 m diameter .
mika is a senior in high school and is exceptionally talented at playing golf .
finally , because layouts are stored internally as a graph ( rather than " paint " ) , the lvs check is exceptionally fast , often running in under a second on full - chip designs ( such as the recent chip ) .
set in the near future when a scientific principle has been discovered allowing exceptionally accurate predictions of solar flares and the occurrence of the sun increasing its solar output .
roškovs was never considered an exceptionally talented player however he was very disciplined and trained hard to be kept on the team and in late 1960s he played for daugava in nearly all matches .
unless the load is exceptionally high , the engine and transmission can usually " supply " as much torque as necessary , so the limiting factor is usually the traction under each wheel .
in a number of places , shirer describes the birth and growth of an exceptionally warm and intimate relationship with murrow in the 1930s .
while this characteristic is found in many colubrids , it is exceptionally apparent on this particular species due to the rich , dark colour of its scales .
other members of the genus are also commercially important ; for example the copaia ( " jacaranda copaia " ) is important for its timber because of its exceptionally long bole .
the album did not sell exceptionally well , however , due to limited distribution .
the positive attributes of the roadrailer were its exceptionally smooth ride , light weight and low capital costs to set - up a rail yard .
careful examination of the decision of the judge park indicates the connecticut court found the argument of the defendant - respondent to be exceptionally weak in terms of the law .
brunel enjoyed an exceptionally high reputation during his lifetime .
guenièvre is so frightened by a storm at night that arthur must , exceptionally , hold her in his arms for a while .
the recording is generally regarded as having exceptionally clear and beautiful sound and visual quality , although allmusic reviewer john serba complained of the ubiquity of shots from what he termed the " åkerfeldt orifice cam " , showing close - ups of the singer 's mouth and nose in excruciating detail .
vietnamese australians have an exceptionally low rate of return migration to vietnam .
in 1948 , he received the medal of merit from president harry s. truman , " for exceptionally meritorious conduct in the performance of outstanding service to the united states . "
in a few exceptionally unhealthy trades , such as the manufacture of lucifer matches , vulcanization of india - rubber by means of carbcn bi - sulphide , the age of exclusion from employment has been raised , and in the last - named process hours have been reduced to 5 , broken into two spells of 21 .
his childhood education started from his neibour village name shekpura , there an old mosque , where he went to learn persian , he was an exceptionally gifted student .
it was exceptionally angular , and equi - span with the fuselage mounted between its two bays .
this species is noted for exceptional cold tolerance for a eucalypt ( to −14 °c , exceptionally −20 °c for brief periods ) and is now commonly planted as an ornamental tree across the british isles and some parts of western europe .
( this is a subset only of the actual features and , exceptionally , lower case is used
trolls are large creatures , exceptionally strong and usually with tusks .
from 1600 to 1602 , switzerland , latvia and estonia had exceptionally cold winters .
we have seen a few cavities of the appropriate size and shape for ivory - bills , but these can be old , or exceptionally large pileated woodpecker cavities , or mammal - enlarged pileated woodpecker cavities . …
on the level the spitfire is considerably faster and climb is exceptionally good .
they are named after an exceptionally fast bird of prey .
exceptionally tall for a bantamweight , his physique belied his considerable knockout power .
his exceptionally impressive statistics for a utility player not only earned him his nickname , but raised interest in the very concept of a " supersub " ( everyday utility player ) .
the university built two accommodation blocks , and , later , a women 's hall ( neuadd martin ) , with exceptionally fine sea views , on the hill behind the castle .
he is principally known for an exceptionally brief career as a member of the united kingdom parliament representing mid - ulster : he did not win an election , but was declared elected when his opponent was disqualified .
the year preceding the fires was exceptionally hot and dry and this trend continued into the summer of 1851 .
the result was that the glarus cock overslept , while the uri one , driven by hunger , crowed exceptionally early , and the runner of uri crossed the entire urnerboden before the glarus runner even set out .
however , in 1976 , dale cruikshank , carl pilcher and david morrison of the university of hawaii calculated pluto 's albedo for the first time , finding that it matched that for methane ice ; this meant pluto had to be exceptionally luminous for its size and therefore could not be more than 1 percent the mass of the earth .
this has exceptionally promising implications for the growth of new branches of fip in areas , such as , pharmacy education and the human resources for health .
apple snails are exceptionally well adapted to tropical regions characterized by periods of drought alternating with periods of high rainfall .
the tears are exceptionally dangerous as they are each the size of a grape - fruit and give the user the power of an entire node .
it not only maintains an excellent academic record but also is exceptionally good in extra - curricular activities as well .
they are small to medium - sized deciduous trees typically growing 10–20 m tall , exceptionally to 27 m tall .
walker 's trade was widely perceived as an exceptionally poor move considering what the vikings had to give up in order to get him , and remains one of the most frequently vilified roster moves of the team 's history .
in short , he " threw ground balls " , and was exceptionally effective .
besides being an exceptionally successful band leader , laszlo is also a sought after sideman .
in the village lives a cossack named choub , whose daughter oksana , an exceptionally beautiful village girl loved by all the young boys , is the object of the blacksmith vakula ’s affection .
he defined it as “ a project for the future involving the process of examination , evaluation and selection of the indestructible sources of our living traditions in combination with selected contemporary art forms and elements ” : the outcome was an exceptionally original sound emerging from the unique tone colours stemming from the unaccustomed blends of instruments and voices .
on evelington heights , part of the property of edmund ruffin , the confederates had an opportunity to dominate the union camps , making their position on the bank of the james potentially untenable ; although the confederate position would be subjected to union naval gunfire , the heights were an exceptionally strong defensive position that would have been very difficult for the union to capture with infantry .
kirsty was born in manchester with an exceptionally rare condition in which her heart is back to front , causing the misplacement of her internal organs .
" t. dumosa " is a tree growing 20 to 25 metres ( 65 to 80 ft ) high and exceptionally to 40 m ( 130 ft ) .
the stream 's waters were exceptionally high following heavy rain , so to keep his stockings ( cockers , as they were known in scotland ) dry the man was obliged to " doff " them , and the name has stuck .
the lack of exceptionally preserved fossil skeletons of " c. megalodon " have forced the scientists to rely on the morphology of the great white shark for the basis of its reconstruction and size estimation .
later , in southern lebanon , the guardians fighters had a reputation for being exceptionally motivated and among the toughest fighters in the ranks of the sla .
in 1882 , portarlington was described as an exceptionally clean town , with a variety of stores and traders , and a daily coach service ran to geelong , via drysdale .
the lyrics indicate the singer is watching an exceptionally bad tv program .
she was nicknamed the " queen of technicolor " because her fair complexion and flaming red hair photographed exceptionally well in technicolor .
according to research funded by the usaid caps project , armenia 's exceptionally high rate of economic growth during the last decade has been largely dependent on external factors ( e.g. remittances , assistance from international financial and donor organization ) .
quazal was constructed from two words : " quetzalcóatl " , the mesoamerican featured serpent god who , they believed , created mankind ; and " quasar " , a massive celestial object emitting exceptionally large amounts of energy .
they are drought resistant and can withstand the exceptionally hot dry and rainless summers and cold dry winters .
joan tower says that she found her inspiration for island prelude in oboist peter bowman 's " exceptionally lyrical playing and also samuel barber 's wonderfully controlled " adagio for strings " .
real estate is exceptionally expensive in this neighborhood , albeit slightly less expensive than the more stately properties north of montana .
the head is small with exceptionally large eyes , giving the snake excellent eyesight .
however , he also asserted that many more lives would have been lost , had not the p-47 proved to have an exceptionally rugged airframe .
among center 's unique architectural features is the exceptionally large grand court with its full arched glass dome roof , designed by the michigan based jpra architects .
the manganese content of some iron ores used in greece led to the speculations that the steel produced from that ore contains inadvertent amounts of manganese making the spartan steel exceptionally hard .
he tells the story of thales , a poor philosopher from miletus who developed a " financial device , which involves a principle of universal application . " thales used his skill in forecasting and predicted that the olive harvest would be exceptionally good the next autumn .
the speyer school , ps 500 , opened in 1936 at 514 w 126th street for exceptionally intellectually gifted students , ages 7 to 9 .
what is shown of his fight with masataka , he is exceptionally fast and likes to attack primarily with his knees and legs , while using his arms for defense .
infants and mothers in communities with exceptionally high rates of infant mortality .
fredonia 's opera house was an exceptionally large and elegant community theatre able to support such a wide range of activities that , for almost 100 years after opening night , virtually every citizen 's life was in some way enriched .
the shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong .
relations between australia and new zealand , also sometimes referred to with the adjective trans - tasman to acknowledge the presence of the tasman sea directly between the two neighbouring anglosphere countries , are exceptionally close in both their international and interpersonal dimensions .
tropicbirds are slender white birds of tropical oceans , with exceptionally long central tail feathers .
it was invented by maynard ferguson and larry ramirez and remains an exceptionally rare , specialist instrument .
though the wet was not abnormally powerful in november and december , southeastern australia remained exceptionally wet .
on these occasions , the bet would be on the remaining televised races , and would be comparatively easy to win , although still exceptionally hard .
contrary to drummond 's previous 4 - 6 - 0 designs , the d15s performed exceptionally well and were put to work on trains to bournemouth , where many drivers noted their superior operational characteristics when compared to the t14 class 4 - 6 - 0s .
it is very likely that none of the offers from aremberg were in good faith , and it is exceptionally unlikely that the spanish court , already deeply indebted to banks in belgium and netherlands and having lost its armada and many of its galleons to english pirates , was in any position to offer such an astronomical sum to an unlikely intrigue .
when the stakes are exceptionally high in civil matters , the burden of proof must be " clear and convincing " evidence .
as an exceptionally " clean " monoplane seaplane , the s.4 design was in marked contrast with the biplane supermarine sea lion flying boats which mitchell had designed for previous schneider trophy races , which won in 1922 and came third behind the american curtiss cr seaplanes in 1923 .
they were exceptionally popular during the health craze of the late victorian era , used by military cadets and well - heeled ladies alike , and even appeared as a gymnastic event in the 1904 and 1932 olympics .
his vast theological attainments and his natural ability to impart knowledge made him an exceptionally successful teacher .
summer is exceptionally hot ; temperatures in low - lying areas may exceed during may , leading to heat waves that can each kill hundreds of indians .
the exceptionally large portal rises to a monumental fifteen meters by 7½ m wide ( 50 x 25 ft ) , overshadowing the rest of the chapels at the monastery .
his exceptionally mature cycle , " seven ravens " from grimm 's fairy stories was produced in 1857 .
the climate was exceptionally warm throughout the period , also playing an important role in the evolution and diversification of new animal species .
hd62166 has an exceptionally high surface temperature of about 200,000 kelvins and a luminosity 1,100 times that of the sun .
he contributed regularly to " viaţa românească " and " adevărul " , as well as to " sămănătorul " , but was on exceptionally bad terms with the latter 's founder , nicolae iorga .
in response , johar stated : " i think it ’s an exceptionally relevant time , as the unity of our nation is of paramount importance , and i am very happy to witness such a movement in front of my eyes .
he later said ' were practically frozen out of scotland ' by ' an exceptionally severe winter ' .
mammoths would probably normally weigh in the region of 6 to 8 tons , but exceptionally large males may have exceeded 12 tons .
cadets who perform exceptionally in rifle shooting can achieve a range of proficiency badges and go on to earn county colours for representing the county at cadsam , the cadet annual skill at arms meeting shooting competition .
sachiko had a daughter named mariko , a girl whom etsuko 's memory paints as exceptionally solitary and antisocial .
however mother quickly jumps to an exceptionally serious conclusion : tom bought a two - seater , so he does n't want kids- the others and even susan are inclined to believe her ...
the twelve pins are not exceptionally tall , with the highest peak approximately 730 meters .
among the latter day saint movement and particularly in the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , enoch is viewed as having founded an exceptionally righteous city , named zion , in the midst of an otherwise wicked world .
this character generally allows eliding of all object pronouns as well as subject ones : indeed , most reports on native american languages show even emphatic use of pronouns exceptionally rare .
among them were joseph schwarz ( a vocal virtuoso ) , heinrich schlusnus ( the owner of an exceptionally beautiful voice ) , herbert janssen , willi domgraf - fassbaender , karl schmidt - walter and gerhard hüsch .
at the time , it would exceptionally be heard in households , as tradition did not allow a gangster language to be used in the house .
an exceptionally expensive motte and bailey was that of clones in ireland , built in 1211 for £ 20 .
a typical height is about 1 m , but exceptionally it can grow to 4.6 m ( 15 ft ) with a " trunk " diameter of 25 cm ( 10 in ) .
grain was a large man with exceptionally large and expressive hands .
he graduated alexander kaminsky class of architecture with an honorary medal and a construction license in 1886 at the age of 19 - an exceptionally quick education by any standard ( normally , it would take 10 to 15 years from admissions to professional license ) .
he quickly honed his skills , becoming a qualified art teacher in 1909 and simultaneously developing into an exceptionally good clarinet player .
he has also been honoured by the guyanese government with a medal of service for long and dedicated service of an exceptionally high standard in the field of creative writing .
this means they have an exceptionally abrasive tongue with which to scrape food from rocks .
from the thrill ride experience at disneyland , the colloquial expression " an e ticket ride " is used to describe any exceptionally thrilling experience .
while not exceptionally numerous , the rhiani are a hardy race ; their lives in the deserts of uj necessitates such a character .
in his confessions , cooke demonstrated an exceptionally good memory for the details of his crimes irrespective of how long ago he had committed the offences .
on the men 's vault he performed the exceptionally difficult vault that bears his name ( a handspring double front with half turn ) and received a 9.9 , the highest score awarded in world or olympic competition since 1995 .
however , he was not exceptionally intelligent , and relied on general zod to tell him what to do .
tropicbirds are slender white birds of tropical oceans , with exceptionally long central tail feathers .
