in the bible , " to cover one 's feet " referred to excretion .
increased uptake and excretion from the liver therefore follows .
fructose also inhibits the excretion of uric acid , apparently by competing with uric acid for access to the transport protein slc2a9 .
these agents increase the concentration of the non - ionized amphetamine molecular species resulting in an overall decrease in the urinary excretion of amphetamine .
however , various diseases and medications may decrease the body 's excretion of potassium , thereby increasing the risk of potentially fatal hyperkalemia .
aquaresis is the excretion of water without electrolyte loss .
renal excretion of unchanged prucalopride involves both passive filtration and active secretion .
they also have nephridia ( " little kidneys " ) , which extract other wastes for excretion as urine .
if conception does not occur , decreasing excretion of progesterone will allow the hypothalamus to restart secretion of gnrh .
the urinary sodium excretion over 8 hours < 50 meq/8 hours predicts resistance .
excretion .
a random urine sodium - to - potassium ratio of > 1 is 90% sensitivity in predicting negative balance ( > 78-mmol / day sodium excretion ) .
in buddhism ( theravada or hinayana ) menstruation is viewed as " a natural physical excretion that women have to go through on a monthly basis , nothing more or less " .
organic acidemias are usually always diagnosed in infancy , characterized by urinary excretion of abnormal amounts or types of organic acids .
treatment of animals with fgf21 results in increased energy expenditure , fat utilization and lipid excretion .
this diagnosis is confirmed by demonstrating increased urinary excretion of epinephrine and norepinephrine and/or their metabolites ( vanillylmandelic acid ) .
santorio santorio spent a large portion of 30 years living on a platform meticulously measuring his daily weight combined with that of his intake and excretion in an effort to test galen 's theory that the respiration occurs through the skin as " perspiratio insensibilis " ( insensible perspiration ) .
the disease is either due to defects in bile excretion from hepatocytes or impaired bile flow .
the excretion can take place at the base ( " coxa " ) of the legs or , in some higher crustaceans , of the antennae or maxillae ( then called " antennal glands " or " maxillary glands " , respectively ) .
because renal excretion is the primary means of eliminating acid from the body , there is consequently a tendency towards acidemia .
in 1866 it was proposed that cnidaria and ctenophora were more closely related to each other than to bilateria and formed a group called coelenterata ( " hollow guts " ) , because cnidaria and ctenophora both rely on the flow of water in and out of a single cavity for feeding , excretion and respiration .
the kidneys are responsible for regulating blood water levels , re - absorption of substances into the blood , maintenance of salt and ion levels in the blood , regulation of blood ph , and excretion of urea and other wastes .
scyphozoans have no durable hard parts , including no head , no skeleton and no specialized organs for respiration or excretion .
it is characterized by hyperabsorption and decreased biliary excretion of dietary sterols leading to hypercholesterolemia , tendon and tuberous xanthomas , premature development of atherosclerosis , and abnormal hematologic and liver function test results .
once intakes of 2.5 mg / d are reached , excretion becomes approximately equal to the rate of absorption ( horwitt et al . , 1950)(18 ) .
the liver deactivates the toxic components ready for excretion , and the hind gut ( especially the caecum ) is greatly enlarged to extract the maximum amount of nutrient from the poor quality diet .
experimental balance studies indicate that urinary riboflavin excretion rates increase slowly with increasing intakes , until intake level approach 1.0 mg / d , when tissue saturation occurs .
excretion / elimination .
this substance inhibits the action of the enzyme uridine diphosphoglucuronic acid ( udpga ) glucuronyl transferase responsible for conjugation and subsequent excretion of bilirubin .
tongue , hands , feet , genital and anus ) to perform the functions of speech , grasp , motion , reproduction and excretion .
their functions are to make locomotion possible and to protect the major organs of locomotion , digestion , excretion , and reproduction .
they have one opening for excretion and reproduction called the cloaca .
abnormal ranges of the fractional excretion of sodium can imply acute tubular necrosis or glomerular dysfunction .
diagnosis is made by a fena ( fractional excretion of sodium ) > 3 and presence of muddy casts in urinalysis .
biliary excretion of azithromycin , predominantly unchanged , is a major route of elimination .
although commonly associated with the excretory system , this is incorrect . excretion by definition is passive and deals with metabolic wastes as filtered by the kidneys .
defects in electron - transfer - flavoprotein have been implicated in type ii glutaricaciduria in which multiple acyl coa dehydrogenase deficiencies result in large excretion of glutaric , lactic , ethylmalonic , butyric , isobutyric , 2-methyl - butyric , and isovaleric acids .
it is converted to the less toxic substance urea prior to excretion in urine by the kidneys .
he proved that the mechanism of the trap was purely mechanical by both killing the trigger hairs with iodine and subsequently showing that the response was unaffected , and by demonstrating that the trap could be made ready to spring a second ( or third ) time immediately after being set off if the bladder 's excretion of water were helped by a gentle squeeze ; in other words , the delay of at least fifteen minutes between trap springings is due solely to the time needed to excrete water , and the triggers need no time to recover irritability ( unlike the reactive trigger hairs of venus flytraps , for example ) .
in " gout " , the acute inflammatory arthritis is caused by excess uric acid caused by either overproduction or under - excretion .
its excretion is measured .
they feed mainly on nectar and avian excretion .
this is followed by excretion of the siderophore into the extracellular environment , where the siderophore acts to sequester and solubilize the iron .
during hcl excretion in the stomach , the gastric parietal cells extract cl- anions , co2 , h2o and na+ cations from the blood plasma and in turn release bicarbonate back into the plasma after the hcl acid is formed from co2 and h2o constituents .
novel organic substances are not easily degraded because organisms lack previous exposure and have thus not evolved specific detoxification and excretion mechanisms , as there has been no selection pressure from them .
diuretics induce weight loss through the excretion of water .
simultaneously , c. orientalis also reduced the rate of urea excretion , and excreted 33% of the total nitrogenous waste as ammonia .
in most birds , both excretion and reproduction is done through a single posterior opening , called the cloaca — male and female birds touch cloaca to transfer sperm , a process called " cloacal kissing " .
deep within the lungs exists its constituent alveoli sacs , the sites responsible for the uptake of oxygen and excretion of carbon dioxide .
the gills are also thought to be involved in excretion , with nh4 + being swapped with k+ from the seawater .
the water current is utilized for respiration , but also for filter feeding , excretion , and reproduction .
by contrast , loop diuretics promote a significant increase calcium excretion .
the following age related changes may occur in the respiratory system of an old person : diminished muscle strength in the diaphragm and thorax , stiffer chest wall , decreased elastic recoil , decreased elasticity in the alveoli reduced surface area , with diminished capacity for gas exchange , decreased vital capacity , and drier mucous membrane leading to more difficulty in mucous excretion .
it participates in electrolyte and fluid balance through reabsorption and excretion , processes regulated by the hormones aldosterone and antidiuretic hormone .
the large intestine primarily serves as a site for fermentation of indigestible matter by gut bacteria and for resorption of water from digesta before excretion .
it has also been claimed to increase excretion of lead in the urine .
however , the last two locations are unlikely as places " upon the shores of which , amber is thrown up by the waves in spring , it being an excretion of the sea in a concrete form ; as , also , that the inhabitants use this amber by way of fuel " as pliny the elder describes the island in " natural history " ( using for the island alternatively the names of baltia , basilia and abalus ) because amber is not found there in large amount .
causes of hyperuricemia can be classified into three functional types : increased production of uric acid , decreased excretion of uric acid , and mixed type .
the consumption of edible parts of a non - castrated pig , containing 19-nortestosterone , has been shown to results in the excretion of 19-norandrosterone in the following hours , so athletes should prudently avoid meals composed of pig offal in the hours preceding doping tests .
the ureters will carry urine from the kidneys to the bladder for excretion from the fetus into the amniotic sac .
the excretion of ofloxacin may be reduced in patients with severe liver function disorders ( e.g. , cirrhosis with or without ascites ) .
with limited urobilinogen available for reabsorption and excretion , the amount of urobilin found in the urine is low .
pytheas says that the gutones , a people of germany , inhabit the shores of an estuary of the ocean called mentonomon , their territory extending a distance of six thousand stadia ; that , at one day 's sail from this territory , is the isle of abalus , upon the shores of which , amber is thrown up by the waves in spring , it being an excretion of the sea in a concrete form ; as , also , that the inhabitants use this amber by way of fuel , and sell it to their neighbours , the teutones .
this excretion is shown to play a role in causing endocrine disruption , which affects the sexual development and the reproduction , in wild fish populations in segments of streams contaminated by treated sewage effluents .
however some long species have an anus and some with complex branched guts have more than one anus , since excretion only through the mouth would be difficult for them .
no evidence for prolonged excretion of polioviruses in persons with residual paralytic poliomyelitis in ethiopia , pakistan and guatemala .
they are caused by increased urine excretion of cystine ( a relatively insoluble amino acid ) in dogs with a defect in renal tubule reabsorption of cystine .
excretion is substantially prolonged in patients with renal impairment , and so a dose reduction may be needed .
honeydew is a sugary excretion from plant sap sucking insects such as aphids or scales .
this process drives the movement of cholesterol from peripheral tissues towards the liver for excretion .
urine does contain substances that are beneficial , such as vitamin c ; however , these substances have been excreted because they could not be used or because they were present in excess , so re - taking them will just result in re - excretion .
since the normal excretion rate of sodium is ~100mmoles / day , then a regulation of the absorption of still more than 1000 mmoles / day entering the collecting duct system has a substantial influence of the total sodium excreted .
the mode of excretion is not entirely clear , but a small amount is renal .
end stage renal failure patients undergoing therapy by renal dialysis must observe strict dietary limits on potassium intake , as the kidneys control potassium excretion , and buildup of blood concentrations of potassium ( hyperkalemia ) may trigger fatal cardiac arrhythmia .
decreased dietary solute — when the urine osmolality is fixed , as in nephrogenic di , the urine output is determined by solute excretion .
the excretion depends on vapour pressure and lipid solubility of the perfluorocarbons .
excretion is through small ducts known as metanephridia .
this load is handled more poorly because of renal fat infiltration and insulin resistance which are felt to impair ammonia excretion ( a buffer ) .
of the radioactively labelled docetaxel administered , 80% was eliminated to the faeces with 5% in the urine over seven days , an indication that urinary excretion of docetaxel is minimal .
potassium replacement becomes of utmost importance in this setting because potassium is usually also lost in urine and hypokalemia promotes bicarbonate ion retention and prevents bicarbonate excretion , thus interfering with alkalinization of the urine .
when probenecid and penicillin are administered together , probenecid competitively inhibits the excretion of penicillin , increasing penicillin 's concentration and prolonging its activity .
the lower excretion rate of carboplatin means that more is retained in the body , and hence its effects are longer lasting ( a retention half - life of 30 hours for carboplatin , compared to 1.5 - 3.6 hours in the case of cisplatin ) .
there is increased fat excretion , which can be measured by determining the fecal fat level .
a deficiency of riboflavin can be primary - poor vitamin sources in one 's daily diet - or secondary , which may be a result of conditions that affect absorption in the intestine , the body not being able to use the vitamin , or an increase in the excretion of the vitamin from the body .
they often have very low muscle mass and a much lower creatinine excretion rate than predicted by the equations below , such that a cirrhotic patient with a serum creatinine of 0.9 may have a moderately severe degree of renal insufficiency .
this leads to a decreased blood volume , which severely hampers the kidney 's excretion of glucose and a vicious cycle is begun .
after 24 hours only very small amounts of carvacrol or its metabolites could be found in urine , indicating an almost complete excretion within one day .
ph balance is regulated by the excretion of bound acids and ammonium ions .
suitable dose / response ( regression lines ) and a more favourable na / k excretion ratio .
by increasing the delivery of sodium to the distal renal tubule , chlorthalidone indirectly increases potassium excretion via the sodium - potassium exchange mechanism ( i.e. apical romk / na channels coupled with basolateral nkatpases ) .
according to aristotle , there is a direct connection between food and semen : " sperms are the excretion of our food , or to put it more clearly , as the most perfect component of our food . "
this binds copper ( chelation ) and leads to excretion of copper in the urine .
functions of diuretic and antidiuretic hormones include : postprandial diuresis , post - eclosion diuresis , excretion of excess metabolic water , clearance of toxic wastes and restricting metabolite loss ( coast et al . , 2002 ) .
in most patients , there is an increased urinary excretion of 5-hiaa ( 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid ) , a degradation product of serotonin .
however , schooling can also have some disadvantages such as : oxygen- and food - depletion , excretion buildup in the breathing media .
an x - linked recessive disorder , this variant is characterized by a deficiency in biliary copper excretion that causes deformations in the skeleton .
feeding and excretion .
respiration and excretion .
in epithelial tissues , its activation leads to the expression of proteins regulating ionic and water transports ( mainly the epithelial sodium channel or enac , k+ pump , serum and glucocorticoid induced kinase or sgk1 ) resulting in the reabsoprtion of sodium , and as a consequence an increase in extracellular volume , increase in blood pressure , and an excretion of potassium to maintain a normal salt concentration in the body .
uromodulin excretion in urine follows proteolytic cleavage of the ectodomain of its glycophosphatidylinositol - anchored counterpart that is situated on the luminal cell surface of the loop of henle .
lastly , ( + ) -totarol serves as a therapeutic for individuals with bad heart health by inhibiting cholesterol absorption and possibly stimulating cholesterol catabolism or excretion .
traube showed that sugar excretion in the urine of a diabetic patient rose after starch intake but fell after protein consumption .
a diet rich in sucrose may lead to gout as it raises the level of insulin , which prevents excretion of uric acid from the body .
his first objective was to find a replacement for shellac ( made from the excretion of lac beetles ) .
negative values are possible if excretion of nitrogen exceeds intake in proteins .
in humans , for example , this process effects the formation of fatty acids for fats produced for fat storage in the liver , adipose tissue , and excretion into breast milk .
most pharmaceuticals are deposited in the environment through human consumption and excretion , and are often filtered ineffectively by wastewater treatment plants which are not designed to manage them .
it was included in the classification of renal tubular acidoses as it is associated with a mild ( normal anion gap ) metabolic acidosis due to a " physiological " reduction in distal tubular ammonium excretion , which is secondary to hypoaldosteronism .
in contrast to the more commonly used diuretics like hydrochlorothiazide and furosemide , these potassium - sparing diuretics actually reduce the kidney 's excretion of potassium .
elevations in bilirubin must be expected with rmp treatment ( rmp blocks bilirubin excretion ) and usually resolve after 10 days ( liver enzyme production increases to compensate ) .
it is a respiration organ whose function is the extraction of oxygen from water and the excretion of carbon dioxide .
the buildup of oxalate in the body causes increased excretion of oxalate , which in turn results in renal and bladder stones .
mammalian excretion .
by inhibiting meh , valproic acid and valnoctamide cause a buildup of the active metabolite , prolonging the effects of carbamazepine and delaying its excretion .
the resulting effects on blood ph are compensated for by increased excretion of bicarbonate via the urine , maintaining a normal acid - base balance .
this can be detected based on urinary excretion of xanthurenic acid after an oral tryptophan load .
probenecid competitively inhibits the renal excretion of some drugs , thereby increasing their plasma concentration and prolonging their effects .
researchers believe this may be due to oxalate inhibiting calcium absorption — but it could also be due to the chocolate 's sugar content , which may increase calcium excretion .
water for respiration and excretion is drawn in under the edge of the shell and exits through the " keyhole " at the apex .
however , the scientific consensus is now that it plays a role in osmoregulation , water uptake and excretion .
slightly increased urinary calcium excretion without the tendency to develop kidney stones .
salt works as a preservative because salt promotes water excretion in microorganisms such as bacteria .
if potassium were removed from the diet , there would remain a minimum obligatory kidney excretion of about 200 mg per day when the serum declines to 3.0–3.5 milliequivalents per liter in about one week , and can never be cut off completely .
like other nsaids , naproxen can inhibit the excretion of sodium and lithium .
this gene encodes a protein belonging to a family of transporters involved in excretion of toxic electrolytes , both endogenous and exogenous , through urine and bile .
edta , a chelating agent , has successfully increased uric acid excretion .
it decreases afterload and also through specific dopamine receptors along the nephron promoting sodium excretion .
medications that alter urinary ph will cause variations in the amount and method of excretion , and usage should be monitored when taken concurrently with adderall .
all colonies contain autozooids , which are responsible for feeding and excretion .
excretion and osmoregulation in insects are not orchestrated by the malpighian tubules alone , but require a joint function of the ileum and/or rectum ( gullan & cranston , 2005 ) .
the anterior pituitary gland 's excretion of lh and fsh are , in turn , controlled by the hypothalamus ' gonadotropin - releasing hormone .
overeating generally refers to the long - term consumption of excess food in relation to the energy that an organism expends ( or expels via excretion ) , leading to weight gain and often obesity .
" pāyu tattva " , the excretion organ , is the first " karmendriya " ; it is associated with muladhara chakra , having as inferior octaves the ' ( earth ) and " gandha " ( smell ) tattvas " .
dogs with portosystemic shunts or endstage liver disease also have increased uric acid excretion in the urine due to reduced conversion of uric acid to allantoin and ammonia to urea .
one scientist researching this protein excretion concluded that a single hagfish could fill an entire barrel with slime in less than 100 minutes .
the reduction in urine output will be directly proportional to the decrease in solute intake and excretion .
exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfill a set of functional roles including protection , excretion , sensing , support , feeding and acting as a barrier against desiccation in terrestrial organisms .
the major homeostatic control point for maintaining this stable balance is renal excretion .
sglt2-inhibiting compounds can potentially treat diabetes by increasing urinary glucose excretion , thereby lowering blood glucose levels .
besides its digestive function , bile serves also as the route of excretion for bilirubin , a byproduct of red blood cells recycled by the liver .
clinical trials have shown the effect of acupuncture to be comparable with amitriptyline ; in addition , specifically electroacupuncture has been found to be more effective in depressive patients with decreased excretion of 3-methyl-4-hydroxy - phenylglycol ( the principal metabolite of the central neurotransmitter norepinephrine ) , while amitriptyline is more effective for those with inhibition in the dexamethasone suppression test .
ludwig researched several topics such as the physiology of blood pressure , urinary excretion and anesthesia .
excretion .
the excretion occurs when substances such as glucose enter the kidney tubules .
fractional excretion of other substances can be measured to determine renal clearance including urea , uric acid , and lithium .
the intersalt study was an observational study that showed an association between dietary salt , measured by urinary excretion , and blood pressure .
a non - inherited cause of excess urinary excretion of proline and glycine , similar to that found in iminoglycinuria , is quite common to newborn infants younger than 6 months .
urinary excretion after this dose ranges from 1.8 to 24.8 percent ( mean : 17.3 percent ) .
they have bursae for respiration and excretion , dorsal and ventral arm shields are present and usually well developed .
dr. baekeland had originally set out to find a replacement for shellac ( made from the excretion of lac beetles ) .
this sac - like structure is primarily involved in nutrition and excretion , and is webbed with blood vessels .
another effect of hyperthyroidism is bone loss from osteoporosis , caused by an increased excretion of calcium and phosphorus in the urine and stool .
in contrast to hrs , however , pre - renal failure usually responds to treatment with intravenous fluids , resulting in reduction in serum creatinine and increased excretion of sodium .
urea can then be transferred back to the blood stream and to the kidneys for filtration and on to the bladder for excretion .
prostate massage is also used for sexual stimulation , either to achieve a pleasurable orgasm , or to achieve excretion of seminal fluid without orgasm as part of bdsm orgasm denial activities .
a decrease in glomerular filtration rate is related to aging and this results in decreasing efficiency of sodium excretion .
pharmacokinetics includes the study of the mechanisms of absorption and distribution of an administered drug , the rate at which a drug action begins and the duration of the effect , the chemical changes of the substance in the body ( e.g. by enzymes ) and the effects and routes of excretion of the metabolites of the drug .
urate stones form due to an increased excretion of uric acid in the urine .
the principal drugs that contribute to hyperuricemia by decreased excretion are the primary antiuricosurics .
geriatric patients tend to have higher peak plasma levels of both acebutolol and diacetolol and a slightly prolonged excretion .
2008 - 05 - 09 " heroine excretion hell vol . 11 " - [ jhhd-11 ] ( starring sakura aragaki )
various diseases may lead to this state ; disturbed gas exchange may lead to impaired excretion of the gas .
enhanced excretion of manganese prompted by chelation therapy brings its blood levels down but the symptoms remain largely unchanged , raising questions about efficacy of this form of treatment .
the potency and duration of the effects of benzodiazepines can be increased because reboxetine interferes with their excretion .
elevated serum uric acid ( hyperuricemia ) can result from high intake of purine - rich foods , and/or impaired excretion by the kidneys .
" the extent of renal excretion of vistaril has not been determined "
like some other flatworms , cestodes use flame cells ( protonephridia ) , located in the proglottids , for excretion .
hyperoxaluria is an excessive urinary excretion of oxalate .
phrynophiurida have bursae for as exchange and excretion .
the majority of drugs that contribute to hypouricemia are uricosurics ( drugs that increase the excretion of uric acid from the blood into the urine ) .
because norpropoxyphene has a long half - life in the body of up to 36 hours ( compared to around 6–12 hours for dextropropoxyphene ) , it can accumulate in tissues during chronic use of dextropropoxyphene - containing medications , especially in people whose excretion of drugs is slower than normal such as young children , the elderly , and individuals with reduced kidney or liver function , and so side effects including serious adverse events are more common in these groups and use of dextropropoxyphene should be avoided where possible .
two molecules of deferasirox are capable of binding to 1 atom of iron which are subsequently eliminated by fecal excretion .
with these tumors , urinary excretion of 5-hiaa is often much higher than would be expected from clinical presentation .
with subsequent renal and biliary excretion .
vitamin c in doses higher than 1 g increases oxalate and urate excretion and may cause kidney stones .
excretion .
the pharmacology of the cephalosporins is similar to that of the penicillins , excretion being principally renal .
blood levels of hormones reflect a balance between secretion and degradation / excretion .
these patients showed little improvement with rifaximin , as found in the previous study , but experienced clearance of rosacea symptoms and normalization of methane excretion following administration of the antibiotic metronidazole , which is effective at targeting methanogenic intestinal bacteria .
phase iii - further modification and excretion .
a study examining the health effects of mercury on dentists in the uk published in the occupational and environmental medicine journal concluded that 180 dentists had on average 4 times the urinary mercury excretion levels of 180 people in a control group .
good ” cholesterol to usher fat out of the arteries and into the liver for excretion leading to the purchase of esperion therapeutics , the tiny company that had produced recombinant apo - a1 milano , by pfizer for $ 1.3 billion .
depending on when in the excretion cycle a sloth is weighed , urine and feces may account for up to 30 percent of the animal ’s body weight , which averages about 6 kilograms ( about 13 pounds ) .
in 1866 it was proposed that cnidaria and ctenophora were more closely related to each other than to bilateria and formed a group called coelenterata ( " hollow guts " ) , because cnidaria and ctenophora both rely on the flow of water in and out of a single cavity for feeding , excretion and respiration .
if excretion does not occur in an organism , waste products will accumulate , which will sicken and eventually kill the organism .
some taboos are specific to a particular part or excretion of an animal , while other taboos forgo the consumption of plants , fungi , or insects .
elimination is by excretion in the bile and then , faeces .
due to reduced angiotensin production , plasma concentrations of aldosterone are also reduced , resulting in increased excretion of sodium in the urine and increased concentrations of potassium in the blood .
it seems paradoxical to treat an extreme diuresis with a diuretic but the thiazide diuretics will increase proximal tubule reabsorption of sodium and water and decrease distal delivery of fluid to the distal nephron thereby decreasing excretion rates .
probenecid ( benuryl ) is a uricosuric drug that increases uric acid excretion in the urine .
bioavailability studies are conducted on healthy volunteers to document the rate of absorption and excretion from the body of a compound 's active ingredients .
together they help in excretion of nitrogenous waste products in much the same manner as the vertebrate kidney does .
polydipsia and polyuria occur when blood glucose levels rise high enough to result in excretion of excess glucose via the kidneys ( glycosuria ) , producing osmotic diuresis .
in preclinical studies , animals treated with lx4211 demonstrated increased urinary glucose excretion and decreased blood hba1c levels ( a marker of long - term blood sugar levels ) .
these are the chief excretion organs .
by inhibiting meh , valproic acid causes a buildup of the active metabolite , prolonging the effects of carbamazepine and delaying its excretion .
urine tests have been used to ascertain rates of excretion in order to set upper limits in exposure to fluoride compounds and associated detrimental health effects .
impaired renal excretion of urea may be due to temporary conditions such as dehydration or shock , or may be due to either acute or chronic disease of the kidneys themselves .
feeding and excretion .
the concentration of blood lipids depends on intake and excretion from the intestine , and uptake and secretion from cells .
he also described diabetic gangrene , and treated diabetes using a mixture of lupine , trigonella ( fenugreek ) , and zedoary seed , which produces a considerable reduction in the excretion of sugar , a treatment which is still prescribed in modern times .
it has been reported among the pima indians to cause elevated urinary albumin excretion .
excretion .
organisms in both aquatic and terrestrial environments must maintain the right concentration of solutes and amount of water in their body fluids ; this involves excretion : getting rid of metabolic wastes and other substances such as hormones that would be toxic if allowed to accumulate in the blood via organs such as the skin and the kidneys ; keeping the amount of water and dissolved solutes in balance is referred to as osmoregulation .
dosage is adjusted to maintain a reduced urinary excretion of uric acid .
the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone hypersecretion ( siadh ) that occurs in some users of mdma can compound hyponatraemia by disrupting the body 's normal response of releasing excess water by excretion .
one of the major setbacks is that when a particle is too large , the patient ’s liver will take up the particle and degrade it for excretion , but if the particle is too small there will not be enough drug in the particle to take effect .
in protists , it is considered as an organelle for osmoregulation and excretion .
the data suggest that , unlike inorganic cu , organic cu chelates exhibit absorption and excretion mechanisms that do not interfere with fe .
in strict biological terminology , undigested food expelled in the feces is not considered to be excretion , since it is not metabolic waste .
in addition , excessive intake of non - fermentable fibre , ( typically in supplemental form ) may lead to mineral deficiencies by reducing the absorption or increasing the excretion of minerals , especially when mineral intake is too low or when mineral needs are increased such as during pregnancy , lactation , or adolescence .
for example : the heart and nephridia ( " kidneys " ) are important parts of the reproductive system as well as the circulatory and excretory systems ; in bivalves , the gills both " breathe " and produce a water current in the mantle cavity which serves both excretion and reproduction .
high - density lipoprotein ( hdl ) particles transport cholesterol back to the liver for excretion , but vary considerably in their effectiveness for doing this .
functioning in conjunction , these two secondary active transporters ensure that only negligible amounts of glucose are wasted through excretion in the urine .
in contrast , the nematodes class , such as hookworms , have complete digestive tracts and separate orifices for food ingestion and waste excretion .
2008 - 02 - 22 " heroine excretion hell vol . 7 "
to fulfill pi homeostasis , i.e. , keeping extracellular pi concentration within a narrow range , urinary pi excretion is under strong physiological control .
excretion .
18 hydroxy 11 deoxycorticosterone ( also designated 18oh - doc ) is a steroid hormone probably used to conserve sodium and stimulate hydrogen ion ( or acid ) excretion .
faecal excretion of nitrogen must also be taken into account - this protein is not absorbed by the body and so not included in the calculation of bv .
the amount of chromium in the body can be decreased as a result of a diet high in simple sugars , which increases the excretion of the metal through urine .
the excretion and reabsorption of bile acids forms the basis of the enterohepatic circulation which is essential for the digestion and absorption of dietary fats .
renal excretion occurs by both glomerular filtration and tubular secretion as evidenced by the high rate of renal clearance ( approximately 275 ml / min ) .
here absorption of water , salts and other beneficial substances take place before excretion ( gullan & cranston , 2005 ) .
additional organs of excretion , at least in some species , include pericardial glands in the body cavity , and digestive glands opening into the stomach .
the completed circuit is displayed visually as a graph with different waveforms indicating either different insect activities such as saliva excretion or the ingestion of cellular contents or indicating which tissue type has been penetrated ( i.e. phloem , xylem or mesophyll ) .
similarly , ingesting sodium bicarbonate with amphetamine , a weak base , causes better absorption of amphetamine ( in stomach ) and its lesser excretion ( in urine ) , thus prolonging its actions .
urinary excretion of the unchanged drug ranges from 0% to as high as 18.7% , depending on various factors .
robley d. evans made the first measurements of exhaled radon and radium excretion from a former dial painter in 1933 .
the disease is mainly characterized by the detection of the abnormal excretion of fructose in the urine through a urinalysis .
feeding , excretion and respiration .
in lpi , urinary excretion of cationic amino acids ( ornithine , arginine and lysine ) is increased and these amino acids are poorly absorbed from the intestine .
atwater recognised that the faecal excretion was a complex mixture of unabsorbed intestinal secretions , bacterial material and metabolites , sloughed mucosal cells , mucus , and only to a small extent , unabsorbed dietary components .
indoleic acid excretion is another indicator of hypertryptophanemia .
the three main ways through which insects can lose water are ( 1 ) the surface of the body ( integument ) ; ( 2 ) the tracheae ( respiration ) ; and ( 3 ) excretion , or waste products .
ammonia excretion is common in aquatic animals .
intestine excretion .
the main excretion route is via the faeces .
foglio cited rape , mind control , pedophilia , " classical necrophilia " , excretion , snuff porn , branding , piercing , heavy sadomasochism , and spanking as topics that he did not find appealing and would not write about .
2009 - 09 - 11 " the inferno of assumption and excretion " - [ jdsd-10 ]
the valsalva maneuver assists in lifting , excretion , pushing , and birthing .
furosemide may help aid urinary excretion in individuals with renal impairment or where bromide toxicity is severe .
therefore , the means by which the fetus produces urine and transports it to the bladder for excretion into the amniotic sac has been severely compromised ( in the cases of ura ) , or completely eliminated ( in the cases of bra ) .
however , a well - controlled clinical study by heaney and rafferty using calcium - balance methods found no impact of carbonated soft drinks containing phosphoric acid on calcium excretion .
all of the estimating equations depends on a prediction of the 24-hour creatinine excretion rate , which is a function of muscle mass .
urea is a less toxic compound than ammonia ; two nitrogen atoms are eliminated through it and less water is needed for its excretion .
licorice contains a compound ( glycyrrhizin ) that increases urinary excretion of potassium .
dietary fiber can bind to lithocholic acid and aid in its excretion in stool ; as such , fiber can protect against colon cancer .
urinary and stomach ph levels can have a strong effect on -amphetamine excretion and absorption .
levofloxacin is eliminated primarily by renal excretion .
fecal incontinence is the loss of regular control of the bowels . involuntary excretion and leaking are common occurrences for those affected .
feeding , digestion and excretion .
ofloxacin is eliminated primarily by renal excretion .
feeding and excretion .
in addition , after sodium excretion , the osmoreceptor system may sense lowered sodium concentration in the blood and then direct compensatory urinary water loss in order to correct the hyponatremic ( low blood sodium ) state .
