the hall , the drawing room , lord bute 's bedroom and lady bute 's bedroom comprise a suite of rooms that exemplify the high victorian gothic style in 19th - century britain .
massey used the example of kilburn high road in north west london to exemplify what she termed a ' progressive ' or ' global ' sense of place , in the essay ' a global sense of place ' .
the goal of the organization is to identify young american scholars who best exemplify the values of their greek heritage and provide them with educational support .
the university of missouri alumni association annually presents the awards to two state - elected officials and one citizen who exemplify the dedication and spirit of henry s. geyer .
wall murals in the takamatsuzuka tomb and the portrait of kichijōten at yakushi - ji exemplify the kara - e style .
accordingly , the figures on the walls below exemplify philosophy , poetry ( including music ) , theology , law .
she is a figure both of the epic tradition and of tragedy , where her combination of deep understanding and powerlessness exemplify the tragic condition of humankind .
as florida demonstrated in his books , cities like buffalo , new orleans and louisville are examples of cities which have tried to attract the creative class but , in comparison to cities which better exemplify the " three ' t 's " , have failed .
his paintings still exemplify the visual image of elizabethan england , very different from that of most of europe in the late sixteenth century .
driven by either madness or complete harmony with nature , the subjects of herzog 's films exemplify life at its most spiritually extreme .
as eduard seler remarked , the depictions in the codex cospi resemble those in " comic books " : this may characterize the political situation ( regarded as farcical and comical ) wherein tlaxcallan , although completely encircled by the aztec empire , was deliberately not incorporated into it in order to exemplify the magnanimity of the aztec rulers .
although transitional fossils elucidate the evolutionary transition of one life - form to another , they only exemplify snapshots of this process .
it was not well received by the black public because some felt that the journal did not exemplify the sophisticated self - image that blacks of that era were trying to portray .
opening song " the prosthetic aesthetic " quickly ascertains that the band has sacrificed none of its energy , whereas songs like " baby 's got a new flame " and the title track exemplify the fusion of post - hardcore with classic rock that rye coalition would perfect on later releases , while the acoustic ballad " tangiers " and closing instrumental track " through the years " are probably the group 's most melodic songs ever recorded .
all of these openings exemplify nimzowitsch 's ideas about controlling the center with pieces instead of pawns .
thus , he made attempts throughout the series to provide a contrast of emotions , commenting that he could make the violence exemplify this throughout the series .
first to exemplify this new plan was the residence facility of 1972 named zinfandel , a “ village ” of inviting stucco and redwood structures .
( " cf . " zodiacal origin , above ) fuat köprülü suggests that the lion and sun on the turkic and mongolic flags and coins of these times are merely astrological signs and do not exemplify royalty .
the presentation here attempts to exemplify some of the better practical uses of analysis by elite coaches and athletes .
very simply , examples 4 to 7 exemplify typical bantu object noun / object pronoun agreement .
according to hindu vaishnava theology the stories concerning the gopis are said to exemplify " suddha - bhakti " which is described as ' the highest form of unconditional love for god ' ( krishna ) .
coming from aforesaid , job students are establishments service ; vacancies can exemplify : sales - people , cashiers , hostes , different sort of helpers on work in hotels , restaurants , or parks of entertainment .
it honours those " ... who exemplify extraordinary sportsmanship and citizenship " , and is given in memory of mike venezia , killed on october 13 , 1988 in a spill at belmont park .
" there is only one way in which one can endure man 's inhumanity to man and that is to try , in one 's own life , to exemplify man 's humanity to man . "
social psychologist patricia devine and her colleagues , for example , showed in their research that many people who score low on a prejudice test tend to do things in cross cultural encounters that exemplify prejudice ( e.g. , using out - dated labels such as “ illegal aliens ”
staff sergeant rivers ' fighting spirit and daring leadership were an inspiration to his unit and exemplify the highest traditions of military service .
the rebirth was to be rooted in the great european tradition , but should exemplify scotland .
beginning in comic books during the 1940s with leonard starr , stan drake and his brother sy barry , he helped define and exemplify a particular kind of " new york slick " style which dominated comics until the marvel revolution brought attention to the jack kirby style .
early king oliver pieces exemplify this style of hot jazz ; however , as individual performers began stepping to the front as soloists , a new form of music emerged .
he extensively discusses playwright molière 's work , and uses the play le misanthrope to exemplify a comedy in which the audience derives immoral pleasure .
men nominated for honorary membership are usually older men whose contributions to the latino community over their personal and professional lives exemplify the goals and ideals of la unidad latina .
thus , the first reelout queer film + video festival was held in an official capacity at the screening room , a local art house cinema in march 1999 and continued to exemplify programming on an international scope , but with a strong canadian component and a large focus on diversity and education .
she would also exemplify the " flat top " hairstyle in many of her concerts in the 1970s , which would become popular among black men in the 1980s .
ilocanos also exemplify a great degree of respect and humility in their everyday dealings , much similar to their tagalog counterparts .
the awardee 's activity will exemplify skills in broadening the impact of anthropology , the skills for which margaret mead was admired widely .
recognizing the profound and positive effect of popular music on the world 's culture , the prize will be given annually to a composer or performer whose lifetime contributions exemplify the standard of excellence associated with the gershwins .
sheraton is a late 18th century neoclassical english furniture style , in vogue " ca " 1785 - 1800 , that was coined by 19th century collectors and dealers to credit furniture designer thomas sheraton , born in stockton - on - tees , england in 1751 and whose books , " the cabinet dictionary " ( 1803 ) of engraved designs and the " cabinet maker 's & upholsterer 's drawing book " ( 1791 ) of furniture patterns exemplify this style .
the trust was created by blaine 's family , with support from the nhra , to give scholarships to those high school students that exemplify the drive and determination in the classroom that blaine exhibited on the track and in life .
sometimes this choice is seen as charging the jewish people with a specific mission — to be a light unto the nations , and to exemplify the covenant with god as described in the torah .
in 2004 , the whitman vfw post 697 established the albert w. hall award , a cherry wood trophy with an olympian on top , which is presented each year to a male and female student - athlete at whitman - hanson regional high school who exemplify the qualities of teamwork , dedication , and perseverance .
in the view of many protestants apostolic succession is not a matter of tradition , rather it is a matter of god safe - guarding his church by means of bestowing authority to those who best exemplify sound doctrine .
each of the two long essays require that a student be able to cite two examples of works of art that exemplify certain themes in art history .
einstein 's comments " i , at any rate , am convinced that he ( god ) does not throw dice . " and " do you really think the moon is n't there if you are n't looking at it ? " exemplify this .
her writings are collected in four american anthologies , and she is quoted at length in ' bias ' by bernard goldberg to exemplify quality writing on the subject of terrorism .
so i wanted to exemplify the situation we were facing after the war , by using the issue of a woman 's frigidity .
certain lines in the song , such as " my idea of love comes from a childhood glimpse of pornography , " exemplify this .
exemplify this strain of maniera that lasted from about 1530 to 1580 .
riordan 's bravery and extraordinary heroism in the face of almost certain death were an inspiration to his men and exemplify the highest traditions of the u.s. armed forces .
the award is now presented annually to an " outstanding american patriot " or " an outstanding group of individuals who most exemplify the true ‘ spirit of america.’ "
recent scholarly works on the topic of stakeholder theory that exemplify research and theorizing in this area include donaldson and preston and mitchell , agle , and wood ( 1997 ) , friedman and miles ( 2002 ) and phillips ( 2003 ) .
step by step the increasing influence of this new point of view transforms that entire society -- its political and social structures , its business organizations and commercial practices , its technologies , mathematics , religious beliefs , music and visual arts , and architecture-- to exemplify this unique outlook ; he terms it the culture ’s “ prime symbol . ”
this may exemplify a rare example of insular dwarfing in a mainland context , with the " islands " being formed by the extensive river networks in the amazon basin , which form effective biogeographic barriers .
the lyrics of the chorus exemplify a tone that dave would pursue throughout his work .
our midwest high - speed rail network and recycled paper coalition projects exemplify this approach .
g.r. hawting writes that this is partly due to the complexity of his argument , but mainly to the fact that the satanic verses incident does not serve to justify or exemplify a theory that god reveals something and later replaces it himself with another true revelation .
the school brings students together with teachers who exemplify intellectual curiosity , a dedication to truth , and the advantages of living the examined life .
colonel champeny 's outstanding leadership , personal bravery and zealous devotion to duty exemplify the highest traditions of the military forces of the united states and reflect great credit upon himself , the 88th infantry division , and the united states army . ”
although the deep fried mars bar is jokingly said to exemplify the modern scottish diet , scottish cuisine offers such traditional dishes as haggis , the arbroath smokie , salmon , venison , cranachan , bannock , scotch broth and shortbread .
written as a satire of thatcherism and its embodiment in conspicuous consumption and yuppies in the united kingdom during the 1980s , the song 's indirect attack on its subject matter has come to exemplify the pet shop boys as ironists in their songwriting .
" the wasps " has been thought to exemplify all the conventions of old comedy at their best - structural elements that are common to most of aristophanes ' plays are all found in this play in a complete and readily identifiable form .
the 21st century leaders awards were designed to honor individuals who exemplify an individual ’s power to effect positive change and the first award ceremony was held in doha on the 30th of october 2009 .
to show how indo - european might have looked he created a short tale , schleicher 's fable , to exemplify the reconstructed vocabulary and aspects of indo - european society inferred from it .
milk also binds tannin , rendering it harmless , which helps to exemplify the effect on tea 's constituent parts ( i.e. egcg binding ) .
these bags are made with karaguata fibers and exemplify rustic indian beauty in its conception .
often the myth serves to exemplify a moral while also aligning the world of the poet and his audience with the world of gods and heroes .
produced and composed with a gospel backbeat , jazz overtones and , doo - wop call and responsive vocals , " heat wave " was one of the first songs to exemplify the style of music later termed as being the " motown sound " .
also described are several new prestige classes for martial characters , and eight new legacy weapons that exemplify the philosophies of the nine schools ( the ninth , " desert wind " , the exemplar of the eponymous school , is a slightly modified reprint from the " weapons of legacy " book ) .
pip , the narrator , is the eventual victim , and miss havisham readily dresses estella in jewels to prettify her all the more , and to exemplify all the more the vast social gulf between her and pip .
the eight questions he posed in the first proposition exemplify his approach .
as models of individualists he names socrates , epicurus , jesus and epictetus and so these persons exemplify what he defines as " harmonic individualism " .
the large - scale oratorios , " dewi sant " ( saint david ) and " pantycelyn " , exemplify his imagination and technical competence and combine the early twentieth century british tradition with his original harmonic language .
to exemplify the watchers ' knowledge , dawson showed duncan his cousin connor 's , the kurgan 's , and his own personal databases .
the entire " familia " was expected to adhere to the core principles and laws of the twelve tables , which the " pater familias " had a duty to exemplify , enjoin and if necessary enforce , so within the " familia " republican law and tradition ( " mos maiorum " ) allowed him powers of life and death ( " vitae necisque potestas " ) .
private first class martinez 's intrepid actions , personal bravery and zealous devotion to duty exemplify the highest traditions of the military forces of the united states and reflect great credit upon himself , his unit , and the united states army . "
it did not exemplify jewish immigration and its offspring , nevertheless it was exploited by anti - semites and anti - immigration forces as arguments to bolster their prejudices .
stories about shango 's life exemplify some major themes regarding the nature of character and destiny .
finally , in memory of the passengers aboard flight 5966 , the cosgp encourages events to be held on all campuses and throughout communities in order to honor all those who exemplify compassion and humanism , and those who inspire others to do the same during the day of compassion in october annually .
“ landmark wine ” in their portfolios as listed under langton ’s classification and/or 75% agreement by group that a wine is considered “ iconic ” , must have the ability to do at least a 20-year vertical tasting , have a history going back a minimum of two generations , ownership of vineyards more than 50 years old and/or ownership of distinguished sites which exemplify the best of terroir , and be paid - up members of the winemakers federation of australia .
the singles , " know your enemy " and " 21 guns " exemplify the themes of alienation and politically - motivated anger present in the record .
modernism followed by a nationalist instigated traditionalist back - lash the effect of this backlash on many older “ mainlanders ” sparked the chinese cultural renaissance movement , which sought to exemplify the selected cultural traits of china in contrast to the “ west ” and moreover , answer the communist cultural revolution ( wang 2005:62 - 65 ) .
the j. r. " bud " mccaig award is a team award given annually to two people , a player and a flames ' staff member , who " best exemplify mr. mccaig ’s enduring virtues of respect , courtesy and compassion for all individuals he encountered both in his professional and everyday life . "
his paintings exemplify the internal contradictions and tensions of the literati or scholar - amateur artist , and they have been interpreted as an invective against art - historical canonization .
eagar 's criticisms also exemplify a common stance that the theories are best ignored .
additionally , certain culture - bound syndromes such as " ataques de nervios " ( " attacks of nerves " ) identified in hispanic populations , and popularized by the almadovar film women on the verge of a nervous breakdown , exemplify psychiatric phenomena that encompass both somatoform and dissociative symptoms and that have been linked to psychological trauma .
the tactics used during his tenure as manager of barcelona best exemplify frank rijkaard 's commitment to playing stylish attacking football .
" attempts to muzzle him and trinity united church of christ in chicago exemplify a bad omen for every african american preacher and every african american church in the country .
the colorado book awards are awards presented annually to colorado authors who exemplify the best writing in the state during a given year .
by providing this kind of nurturing background for secondary students , the hope is that community members will eventually enter into the wider world and contribute profoundly to the lives of others and strive to exemplify a deep sense of compassion and justice .
they were both completed in 1921 in fontainebleau near paris , france , and exemplify the synthetic cubist style .
to recognize those campers - scouts , explorers and scouters - who best exemplify the scout oath and law in their daily lives and by such recognition cause other campers to conduct themselves in such manner as to warrant recognition .
the concept for " super mario galaxy"s game play originated from ideas taken from " super mario 128 " , a tech demo shown at nintendo space world in 2000 to exemplify the processing power of the nintendo gamecube .
the effects of skin color exemplify this fact , often perpetuating the inequalities that universal citizenship claimed to remove .
the moa holds temporary indoor exhibits , special events , and collaborative performances designed to exemplify its commitment to visual and performing arts as a crucial part of community life .
all of them exemplify the past prosperity of the qi state .
but when this time comes , war is taught to be a matter of great personal and religious importance , where every man must do his duty ( if he belongs to the warrior caste ) , exemplify courage , honor and fearsome prowess even against all the odds , and even at high cost of life .
plugins exemplify one common usage of dynamically linked libraries , which is especially useful when the libraries can be replaced by other libraries with a similar interface , but different functionality .
in recent times , other examples of poets that have seemed to particularly exemplify the traditions of the makars have included robert garioch , sydney goodsir smith , george campbell hay and norman maccaig among many others .
in addition to peek - a - boo , pat - a - cake and " so - big " are other caregiver games that exemplify scaffolding and turn - taking sequences .
one good marketing technique is to provide clear and memorable " catch phrases " that exemplify the point we wish to convey , and also emphasize the interoperability of the program with anything else provided by the manufacturer .
the solo guitar works " el decamerón negro " ( 1981 ) the " sonata " ( 1990 ; for julian bream ) and " paisaje cubano con campanas " ( 1986 ) exemplify this tendency .
these legends exemplify the franciscan mode of charity and poverty as well as the saint 's love of the natural world .
to better exemplify his ideas of food production and population control , quinn introduces the abcs of ecology .
judaism teaches that god chose the jewish people to be in a unique covenant with god , and one of their beliefs is that jewish people were charged by the torah with a specific mission — to be a light unto the nations , and to exemplify the covenant with god as described in the torah to other nations .
" movement " marks a transition toward hip hop , while continuing with bt 's trademark trance methods ; the opening four tracks of the uk pressing exemplify the newer hip hop techniques , while the rest of the album is more trance - based .
figures 8 - 11 exemplify the obj cut algorithm .
she had done so quite ostensibly as a jewish woman , since her fate was intended to exemplify that of the jews caught in the cataclysm of world war ii . ” ( 1 )
oceans and continents exemplify the highest - order landforms .
results exemplify the fact that the nash category is somewhat intermediate
tomcat from apache and jonas from objectweb exemplify typical containers which can store these modules .
the university desires to inculcate a christian ethic into its students so that they exemplify excellence in every area of life .
chapter 5 considers choice , willingness and deliberation in cases which exemplify not only virtue , but vice .
by analogy , newtonian physics , general relativity and quantum mechanics exemplify three distinct systems , each scientifically proven to have integrity according to their base assumptions and measures .
he is i presume , trying to exemplify a linear progression of wittgenstein 's theory of mind that is to say , universal mind .
must go to organizations that best exemplify the beliefs that he championed during his lifetime , causes that could improve the quality of life for all the people in the dane county area .
3rd party rdds , like rddsql , rddsix , rmdbfcdx , " advantage database server " , and " mediator " exemplify some of the rdd architecture features .
despite many colleges who may or may not request their students to abide by the score choice policy , those who send all scores , good or bad , will not usually be penalized as many universities , such as columbia university and cornell university , promise to overlook those scores which may be undesirable to the student and to focus more on those scores which best exemplify the student 's achievement and academic potential .
his retelling of the biblical stories and ancient legends exemplify medieval imagination : divković 's didactic prose is saturated with fiery images of hell and purgatory for sinners and paradisical bliss for the just ; also , his sermons abound with the tales of the miraculous and the supernatural .
an organization must exemplify respect , honesty , integrity and equity to allow communicative competence with the participating members .
doing so may involve the construction of marking criteria and support materials , such as training materials for markers and samples of work which exemplify categories of responses .
national codes , such as the nec or csa c22.1 , exemplify the common objectives of iec 60364 , and provide rules in a form that allows for guidance of those installing and inspecting electrical systems .
houses are then rewarded to applying groups who exemplify high academic , moral , and volunteer efforts , based on objective and subjective review .
tori 's works exemplify japanese buddhist art during the asuka period .
" to establish and maintain a christian institution of higher education which emphasizes the spiritual life ; in which students may search for the truth , unhampered by prejudice , superstition , or skepticism , and in an atmosphere permeated by the spirit of the great teacher – to the end that they become men and women , whose wholesome bodies are fit temples for the indwelling of the holy spirit ; whose social graces make them welcome where gentlefolk congregate ; whose keen minds enrich scholarship ; whose reverent souls worship god in spirit and in truth ; whose loyal lives exemplify the teachings of jesus christ and serve to advance his kingdom and his righteousness . "
fulk iv claimed rule over touraine , maine and nantes ; however , of these only touraine proved to be effectively ruled , as the construction of the castles of chinon , loches and loudun exemplify .
since 1977 , two awards have been presented at each annual dinner , the distinguished leadership in business award and the distinguished leadership in government award , to honorees whose careers exemplify the professional , ethical , and leadership principles that define columbia business school .
affectionately referred to as the " tibbie " , these national awards are made annually ( since 1998 ) to those small firms , projects , organizations and individuals judged to exemplify the very best in sbir achievement .
" there were many interpolations of songs into " a trip to chinatown " due to the many touring companies , the most famous being charles k. harris 's " after the ball , " which was not part of the 1891 broadway production but became a big hit and was later interpolated into " show boat " to exemplify the 1890s style .
many episodes of the american sitcom " frasier " exemplify the qualities of this sort of comedy .
" voice ; of course he could not exemplify his own direction for the "
some mainstream bands that exemplify the geek rock " sound " include they might be giants , jonathan coulton , weezer , guster , ben folds , nerf herder , and barenaked ladies .
exemplify the apollonian skeptic , carroll says , and charles sanders peirce , tertullian , søren kierkegaard , and blaise pascal are dionysian skeptics .
the concept for " super mario galaxy"s game play originated from ideas taken from " super mario 128 " , a tech demo shown at nintendo space world in 2000 to exemplify the processing power of the nintendo gamecube .
these unique exhibitions exemplify the ayala museum ’s embrace of the old and the new , the local and the global , the traditional and the progressive .
these elements exemplify the baroque desire to mold nature to fit its wishes , thus using nature to imitate nature .
, with visuals intended to exemplify the passion , intensity , endurance , and teamwork required to compete in the tour de france cycling event .
she conceived the original form of a " novel - essay " in which each essay would be followed by a novelistic passage -- presented as extracts from an imaginary longer novel -- which would exemplify the ideas explored in the essay .
these buildings have been taken to exemplify tofu - dreg projects .
amalgamated has been used to exemplify " the new guerrilla ad guys " who first integrated social media and stunts within " viral " advertising campaigns .
these actions taken by timur 's army do not necessarily exemplify a hatred towards jews by timur though , but rather an unfortunate casualty of war .
routers exemplify special cases of gateways .
he offers a scholarship called " the al neuharth free spirit scholarship " honoring graduating high school students who exemplify the qualities of a ' free spirit ' and aim to pursue a career in journalism .
the unique status of the ladies ' college draws from both the independent and the maintained traditions of english education and hopes to exemplify the best of both .
in his chapter entitled " social capital in the dog park " putnam uses the example of fido and his owner jane to exemplify the bridging relationship between jane and her dog .
his character and courtesy exemplify the ideals of the antebellum south .
on display in the gorge one can find a variety of unique geologic features and processes that exemplify the geology of the appalachian plateau , including the exposure of over 1,000 feet of sandstone and shale , house - sized boulders scattered from rim to river , plant and invertebrate fossils , and steep channel drop - offs .
we are on this planet to exemplify that light , that bread , that living water , those metaphors that jesus used , to live out the truth in a non - violent way , simply to do justice , live justly , try , in the space over which you 're responsible ... to create an oasis ... to which the stranger can come and find refuge .
each episode of japanorama has a theme , around which jonathan ross presents cultural phenomena , films , music , and art that exemplify facets of japan .
though only a modest hit for cooke in comparison with his previous singles , the song came to exemplify the sixties civil rights movement .
societies that exemplify each of these cultures have existed historically , however their historical placement is not of primary significance .
archbishop mccarthy high school identifies itself as a college preparatory institution and takes measures to exemplify this in its curriculum .
the serene mood and luminous colours of giorgione and young titian exemplify the high renaissance in venice .
both traditional and modern instruments are used in songs to exemplify the unique qualities typical of folk music : simple , direct lyrics and infectious melodies .
mabry 's superlative courage , daring , and leadership in an operation of major importance exemplify the finest characteristics of the military service .
the founders a. langston taylor , leonard f. morse , and charles i. brown , wanted to organize a greek letter fraternity that would exemplify the ideals of " brotherhood , scholarship , and service . "
in practice , the phrase " coptic binding " usually refers to multi - section bindings , while single - section coptic codices are often referred to as " nag hammadi bindings , " after the 13 codices found in 1945 which exemplify the form .
firstly , the " motdc " shows that the round square does not exemplify the property of being round , but the property of being round and square .
trivium 's " this world ca n't tear us apart " , " mordecai " by between the buried and me , and zao 's " angel without wings " exemplify the most common way that metal bands write about love in a positive manner . "
their efforts are then connected to species conservation , and to exemplify that hunters are truly concerned in wildlife conservation , argentine hunters capture an andean condor to sell to a zoo .
" mito kōmon " , the fictitious story of the travels of the historical daimyo tokugawa mitsukuni , and the " zatoichi " movies and television series , exemplify the travelling style .
his fighting determination and intrepidity in battle exemplify the highest traditions of the u.s. armed forces .
according to him , lelouch 's actions exemplify the wish to see problems like " economic collapse , class conflict , political instability , radical extremism " solved by " zero 's vigilante methods " but santos expresses doubt in such an approach and concludes that " the series is at its best when raising questions rather than offering a final solution " .
as towering figures of the twentieth century , churchill and orwell ( through his " 1984 " character winston smith ) in their different ways exemplify lives spent brooding and acting on that imperial past , and most movingly for us , writing and shaping its history .
the death of klinghoffer " , " nixon in china " and " doctor atomic " by john adams , and " dead man walking " by jake heggie exemplify the dramatisation on stage of events in recent living memory , where characters portrayed in the opera were alive at the time of the premiere performance .
the names for the language in the dialects of basque ( " euskara " in standard basque ) for example exemplify to some degree the dialectal fragmentation of the basque speaking area .
particular physical objects merely exemplify or instantiate the universal .
the state buildings feature exhibits and vendors which best exemplify the heritage , food , and traditions of each state .
though this is a small subset of the large number of potentially important species , these four members exemplify the wide use and importance of the burseraceae .
the recipients are recognized as people who have enhanced relations between americans and asians and who exemplify pci 's commitment to building bridges to a better future .
la quinta high has obtained several awards , including a california distinguished school award , in 1999 and 2003 , which is awarded by the california department of education to california schools each year that best represent and exemplify quality education programs .
the tables below exemplify the range of forms with those of one large inflectional class of verbs , the 1st conjugation .
membership is thus accorded to those who exemplify the order 's latin motto , taken from , " desiderantes meliorem patriam " , meaning " they desire a better country . "
all four novels exemplify characteristics of krleža 's narrative prose : highly eloquent , almost baroque style ; expressionist innovations and techniques integrated in a mature authorial voice ; numerous essayist passages that define these works as novels of ideas ; a blend of existentialist vision and sharp consciousness of politics as the determining factor of human lives .
compared to the verists , the magic realists more clearly exemplify the post - world war i " return to order " that arose in the arts throughout europe , and that found expression in neoclassicism .
it has now been transformed into a museum to exemplify the feel of the terminal in that era .
small classes and programs that allow students to progress at their own pace exemplify the school ’s philosophy of supporting individual goals and learning styles .
it was here that he began his interests in civic association which he later came to exemplify .
the song was first interpolated into the musical " a trip to chinatown " , sung by j. aldrich libbey , and was later famously used in the musical " show boat " to exemplify the 1890s style of music .
meanwhile , singapore - based springboard research exemplifies progressive use of offshoring research and experton and experture exemplify loose federations of independent analysts .
they exemplify the principle " tradition re - imagined " .
to further exemplify her obsession , sara has developed a means of draining other shard caster 's energy directly into her own body through multiple leech - like appendages that can be extended from her summoning crystal on her neck .
ms. brooks always felt it was important to exemplify the role of iota sweethearts to both in word and in deed .
we strive to give undergraduate students of western michigan university a setting in which to research and generate pragmatic solutions to kalamazoo 's environmental challenges , educate the academic and local communities , and exemplify a sustainable and regenerative lifestyle ..
the college has tried to build its core values around four " pillars " -- catholic , benedictine , liberal arts , residential — which exemplify the benedictine experience .
the term bogan ( , rhyming with " slogan " ) is australian and new zealand english slang , usually pejorative or self - deprecating , for a person who is , or is supposed to be , of a lower - class background and whose characteristics exemplify , often crudely , this background .
rising to a fever pitch at the end , the review claims that " the moral sentiments and moral conduct of mrs. wollstonecroft [ " sic " ] , resulting from their principles and theories , exemplify and illustrate jacobin morality " and warns parents against raising their children using her advice .
critics have noted that studies sponsored by firms assessing their own activities are invariably biased and typically exemplify an illegitimately narrow focus that ignores a competitive market context and the prevalence of external effects throughout the supply chain .
from the end of canto 5 up to the end of canto 9 the verses exemplify in sequence long series of aphorisms ( sūtras ) from the of .
the public trusts that the service academies will adhere to the highest standards and that we will serve as beacons that exemplify character , dignity and respect .
in many of his tales , characters seem to exemplify alternate futures and possibilities , as most markedly in " the jolly corner " , in which the protagonist and a ghost - doppelganger live alternate american and european lives ; and in others , like " the ambassadors , " an older james seems fondly to regard his own younger self facing a crucial moment .
the fifa development award is an award given out by fifa annually which is designed to exemplify the extraordinary amount of effort and financial support which go into increasing the development of football in those countries which need it most .
shalit names a " rebel of the month " on the site , choosing young women who exemplify modesty , intelligence , and integrity .
this would exemplify the time when there was a strong anglo - danish movement and three successive danish kings had held the throne until edward the confessor succeeded in 1042 .
he was intensely interested in the subject of mural decoration , and studied every variety of it very closely , preparing a long essay on the subject and a series of paintings representing the beatitudes , in order to exemplify his ideas in this direction .
they exemplify the highest of mende ideals , and they have the duty of enforcing positive social relationships and of removing any harm that might come to women in their community .
saral sarkar has updated the thesis of 1970s ' limits to growth ' to exemplify the limits of new capitalist technologies such as hydrogen fuel cells , which require large amounts of energy to split molecules to obtain hydrogen .
benjamin lee whorf , a well - known linguist , used the hopi language to exemplify his argument that one 's world - view is affected by one 's language and vice - versa .
these were " probably to exemplify the ruler 's power . "
the christophers also award the christopher awards each year , primarily to media that exemplify the human spirit , and have a weekly syndicated radio show .
those who deliver training must exemplify both military skills and cultural sensitivity .
all inductees have played key role in the organization 's history and success ; they exemplify the principles that the fraternity was founded upon .
because of this period of wealth and affluence , ponca city has an high concentration of buildings that exemplify the popular spanish revival architecture of the period , as well as art deco - influenced buildings and homes .
the dramatic , overblown production style of the song , loaded with synthesizers , orchestra hits and bookended by a non sequitur sample of a nasa countdown , has come to exemplify the most theatrical extremes of the pet shop boys ' musical style .
an instance of a popular riot calling for revolution could exemplify this .
since 2000 the player in the match considered to best exemplify the anzac spirit - skill , courage , self - sacrifice , teamwork and fair play - has been awarded the afl " anzac medal " .
beginning in 1997 , the college has annually awarded the edward r. murrow award to members of the communication industry who exemplify a commitment to excellence and integrity emblematic of murrow 's career and legacy .
the panegyrics exemplify the culture of imperial " praesentia " , or " presence " , also encapsulated in the imperial ceremony of " adventus " , or " arrival " .
members of first church founded the beacon center in the early 1980s to exemplify the values of the church .
t.h. white 's works exemplify it , l. sprague de camp and fletcher pratt 's complete enchanter stories are early exemplars .
they fairly exemplify both the merits and the defects of the special school of religious thought to which they belong .
the devil has nearly omnipotent supernatural powers , and often teleports an unsuspecting sam to locations that serve to exemplify whatever subject he wishes to speak with sam about .
chosen by a diverse selection committee from hundreds of nominations received nationwide , these individuals exemplify the meaning of national student - athlete day .
based in los angeles , california , its raw and abrasive energy and simple , repetitive lyrics came to exemplify the garage rock style of the 1960s .
these are things that exemplify how language ( or even just a " dialect " of a language ) reflects our culture .
lieutenant baker ’s fighting spirit and daring leadership were an inspiration to his men and exemplify the highest traditions of the military service .
similar to the toya award this program recognizes young people who excel in their chosen fields and exemplify the best attributes of the world 's young people .
ikeda continued the tradition with toda as his mentor , and now members throughout the world have chosen ikeda , whom along with toda , makiguchi , nichiren , and shakyamuni , can all be considered mentors in life , as they exemplify this compassionate spirit of supporting others to excel in their own individual missions , all the while sharing the same " vow " of the bodhisattva , exemplified by a stanza of the 16th chapter of the lotus sutra that states : " this is my constant thought ; at all times i think , how can i cause all living beings , to achieve the body of a buddha , without distinction " .
though only a modest hit for cooke in comparison with his previous singles , the song came to exemplify the sixties ' civil rights movement .
nmfa sponsors a military spouse scholarship program , as well as the " nmfa very important patriot award " , which recognizes outstanding volunteers in the military community , and the " nmfa family award " , which recognizes families that exemplify the best of the military lifestyle .
since 2006 , council for a livable world and its research center and sister organization , center for arms control and non - proliferation , present the father robert f. drinan national peace and human rights award to individuals who exemplify the late father drinan 's commitment to peace and human justice .
two funerary monuments exemplify weekes ' style from this period , and are considered his finest works .
this scholarship is a $ 10,000 award presented yearly to the member whom scholarship committee determines to best exemplify the ideals of phi eta sigma .
the award honors players who ' exemplify commitment to the principles of sportsmanship and courage ' .
the four stated purposes of the order of the arrow are : " ( 1 ) recognize those who best exemplify the scout oath and law in their daily lives and through that recognition cause others to conduct themselves in a way that warrants similar recognition ; ( 2 ) promote camping , responsible outdoor adventure , and environmental stewardship as essential components of every scout ’s experience , in the unit , year - round , and in summer camp ; ( 3 ) develop leaders with the willingness , character , spirit and ability to advance the activities of their units , our brotherhood , scouting , and ultimately our nation ; and ( 4 ) crystallize the scout habit of helpfulness into a life purpose of leadership in cheerful service to
transactions , security , and logging all exemplify " cross - cutting concerns " .
numerous publications , teaching and public service awards , scientists mentored , and editorial boards served - on exemplify pollard 's tremendous contributions to the fields of education and cell biology .
theory and gauge gravitation theory exemplify classical
hall 's fearlessness , his determined fighting spirit , and his prodigious combat skill exemplify the heroic tradition of the american infantryman .
3rd party rdds , like rddsql , rddsix , rmdbfcdx , advantage database server , and mediator exemplify some of the rdd architecture features .
marx and the wealth creation guru robert kiyosaki both believe that wealth condensation is common throughout democratic countries with free market economies , which they claim exemplify the old phrase " the rich get richer and the poor get poorer . " ( although most would concede that the extent to which this is true varies from regime to regime , particularly in regard to " unearned income tax " policies . )
mills gauge theory and gauge gravitation theory exemplify irreducible lagrangian field theories .
grade vi : these runs have almost never been attempted and often exemplify the extremes of difficulty , unpredictability and danger .
" oriental sketch " and prelude in d minor , two pieces he composed very late in his life , are short works that exemplify his style as a mature composer .
participants were placed in one of four eight - way " regions " named for historic athletes that , in the judgment of espn , best exemplify the qualities of " now " : former nba player michael jordan , former boxer muhammed ali , baseball player babe ruth , and former tennis player billie jean king .
in addition , his performances exemplify his heightened passion of the african culture .
andrew s. tanenbaum created minix at vrije universiteit in amsterdam to exemplify the principles conveyed in his textbook , " operating systems design and implementation " ( 1987 ) .
other words such as captain , kennel , cattle and canvas introduced from norman exemplify how norman retained a /k/ from latin that was not retained in french .
a crystal memento , illuminated certificate , and $ 10,000 honorarium are awarded to recognize innovative contributions to high performance computing systems that best exemplify the creative spirit demonstrated by seymour cray .
the building 's recessed rounded - arch entry , arched window openings and massive heft exemplify the romanesque style inspired by architect henry hobson richardson .
chief amongst the films which exemplify hu 's blend of chan buddhism and unique chinese aesthetics is his trilogy " a touch of zen " ( which won the technical prize in 1975 cannes film festival and which many regard as his masterpiece ) , " raining in the mountains " and " legend of the mountains " ( both dating from 1979 , and shot in korea ) , all of which were loosely based on pu songling 's " strange stories from a chinese studio " .
early designs such as the " ilot saint maurice " in lille and the " chassé apartment " towers , breda , exemplify his capacity for innovative architectural design .
but one of several brilliant things that the filmmakers do is show us how mets fans exemplify the human race at its best , and arguably , at its healthiest .
the traffic jams that thousands of motorists experienced in south carolina while fleeing hurricane floyd and texas while fleeing hurricane rita exemplify the frustration of people trying to evacuate .
september 2009 ) new zealand is marketed as a " clean , green " adventure playground , with typical destinations being nature areas such as milford sound and the tongariro alpine crossing , while activities such as bungee jumping or whale watching exemplify typical tourist attractions .
it requires each pipestone candidate to exemplify the very qualities which he pledges to uphold in the oath and law , and it requires his leader to evaluate his fulfillment of this requirement with equal importance to the skills , swim , and other requirements .
however , scholars of montanism agree that these words of montanus exemplify the general practice of religious prophets to speak as the passive mouthpieces of the divine , and to claim divine inspiration ( similar to modern prophets stating " thus saith the lord " ) .
for example , the palaces of versailles or the hermitage in st. petersburg with their vast collections of art , amassed by the fabulously wealthy royalty of europe exemplify this view .
the " edward h. mccune distinguished chapter award " for chapters which exemplify the principles of the fraternity .
the icty trial chamber observed that two of the crimes of which he was found guilty , the pionirska street fire and the bikavac fire , " exemplify the worst acts of inhumanity that a person may inflict upon others " and they " must rank high " in the " all too long , sad and wretched history of man ’s inhumanity to man " .
honrees ' efforts exemplify the organization ’s goal to build relationships , programs and activities relevant to creating an inclusive society .
for example , water is newtonian , because it continues to exemplify fluid properties no matter how fast it is stirred or mixed .
“ landmark wine ” in their portfolios listed under langton ’s classification and/or 75% agreement by group that a wine is considered “ iconic ” , must have the ability to do at least a 20-year vertical tasting , have a history going back a minimum of two generations , ownership of vineyards more than 50 years old and/or ownership of distinguished sites which exemplify the best of terroir , commitment to export and environmental best practice , appropriate cellar door experience , and be paid - up members of the winemakers federation of australia .
at this time , 1918 - 20 , his books of poetry exemplify the imaginist period .
mccall 's intrepidity and unhesitating willingness to sacrifice his life exemplify the highest traditions of the armed forces .
to exemplify express indications , this would occur where a non - partner has his name on the company letter - head or to go even further , actively introduces himself as a partner .
the order of the arrow is scouting 's national honor society that recognizes youth and adult leaders who best exemplify the scout oath and scout law in their daily lives .
