in a nationally - televised speech on april 9 , 2006 , venezuelan president hugo chávez threatened to expel brownfield for “ provoking the venezuelan people . ”
psus with two fans are also available , which typically have a fan on the inside to supply case air into the psu and a second fan on the back to expel the heated air .
after the company had successfully reduced his enemies , he attempted to expel the company from athens with their pay in arrears .
after delegates voted 16 - 14 to expel one of the four suspended nec members , parizeau 's opponents staged a mass walkout from the convention hall .
other government officials suggested that drc president laurent kabila was arming the adf through the hutu ex - far / interahamwe armed groups fighting in eastern congo as part of his efforts to expel the foreign forces .
he managed to expel vasile lupu , but the latter was helped to regain his position by bohdan khmelnytsky 's force ( under the command of the hetman 's son tymofiy / tymish ) , sent to moldavia to depose him .
andronikos’ father was killed at the siege of corfu in 1149 , when he commanded the byzantine forces attempting to expel the normans of the kingdom of sicily .
according to the prc: ... there was a historically imperative need for the progress of tibetan society and the happiness of the tibetan people to expel the imperialists and shake off the yoke of feudal serfdom .
napoleon bonaparte had given orders to expel the louverture brothers from france and bring them back to saint - domingue .
the presiding judge of the territorial court had ruled that only the president of the united states had the authority to expel a foreigner , even in the process of committing an illegal act , and that the officers arrest was unlawful unless receiving a presidential order .
lewis and jolliffe made the case to expel him from the ontario ccf caucus at a toronto special meeting of the ccf executive and the legislative caucus on april 13 , 1948 .
the decoction thereof in wine , is an excellent good cure for those that have inward wounds , hurts , or bruises , both to stay the bleeding , to dissolve and expel the congealed blood , and to heal the parts , as also to cleanse and heal outward sores , ulcers and fistulas ; and for green wounds , many do only bruise the herb , and apply it to the places , and it heals them quickly .
when a male is done urinating , he will usually shake and/or gently squeeze his penis to expel the excess urine trapped in the opening of the foreskin or on the glans .
farley urges him to keep quiet about his past , but the deacon reveals his secret to the monsignor as well , prompting him to expel dolson from the seminary .
despite a rising suspicion that the dutch were not in sri lanka to expel the portuguese , so much as to replace them , the alliance was one that was too valuable for rajasingha to simply cancel , and joint dutch - kandyan efforts resulted in the seizure of galle on 13 march 1640 and the restriction of portuguese power to the west coast of sri lanka by 1641 .
roman forces pacified the region , but did not expel the franks , who continued to be feared as pirates along the shores at least until the time of julian the apostate ( 358 ) , when salian franks were granted to settle as " foederati " in toxandria , according to ammianus marcellinus .
in october 1964 , in response to an offensive by the pathet lao and north vietnamese to expel the neutralists from the plain of jars , the united states began providing air support against pathet lao positions and north vietnamese supply lines .
ambassador carney had instructions only to push the sudanese to expel bin ladin .
we had tried to restore the socialism , but now there was a dictatorship and what the people most criticized was that the dictator declared everyone against him an enemy of the state , and therefore you have to incarcerate them , shoot them , or expel them out of the country .
as the factional situation in the socialist party intensified early in 1937 , the decision was made by the hostile new york party organization to expel the trotskyists , which took place late in the spring of 1937 .
he is believed to have just as many enemies as he has friends , to the point that for years rumors circulated of a group of people gathering signatures to " expel lafourcade from chile " .
ovid notes that at this festival it was the custom to appease or expel the evil spirits by walking barefoot and throwing black beans over the shoulder at night .
the bureau is tasked with managing the assembly schedule and interpreting its rules of order , even with the power to expel disrupting members from the sessions .
guy returns and shoves the painting into parallax 's eyesight , allowing hal to use it to help kyle overcome his fears and expel parallax .
gruffydd ap rhydderch was however able to expel him in 1045 and became king of deheubarth himself .
evil could expel evil .
in 1565 suleiman sent an invasion force of about 40,000 men to besiege the 700 knights and 8,000 soldiers and expel them from malta and gain a new base from which to possibly launch another assault on europe .
meeting with luciano in his room at the hotel nacional , genovese told him that the u.s. government knew that luciano was in cuba and was pressuring the cuban government to expel him .
this encourages the bladder to expel urine through the urethra .
to enable accurate shooting when outside of water , the barrel is rifled , however it has shallow grooves running along its length , which expel some gases ahead of the bullet and blow any water out of the barrel .
the headmaster revokes his threat to expel the boys if they broke more rules and gives them special awards for services to the school .
friends , fellow fighters ... especially the youth of indonesia , we will fight on , will will expel the colonialists from our indonesian land that we love ... long have we suffered , been exploited , trampled on .
deslaur remained with walter even after he tried to expel the catalans .
the main point of this short work is that authorities who could expel the jews from their lands should do so if they would not convert to christianity .
in 1439 he was sent by the pope to expel the rebel corrado iv trinci from foligno , which he besieged and captured .
according to orthodox rabbi bernstein , the major reason for its failure was the orthodox rabbis insisted that the conservative rabbinical assembly expel conservative rabbis for actions they took before this new beth din was formed , and the ra refused to do so .
there are no respiratory organs , and both cell layers absorb oxygen from and expel carbon dioxide into the surrounding water .
in 1888 , bismark successfully convinced the swiss government to expel a number of key members of the german social democratic movement from its country , and so bernstein moved to london , where he had close contacts with friedrich engels and karl kautsky .
they are not classical heat engines since they expel the working substance , which is also the combustion product , into the surroundings .
in 1846 , clashes over policy led the dutch authorities to expel all but one of the catholic priests in the colony .
the closest gaelic lords came to waging an identifiably nationalist campaign against the english presence was the rebellion of hugh o'neill in the 1590s ( known as the nine years war 1594 - 1603 ) , which aimed to expel the english and make ireland a spanish proctorate .
a motion to expel him failed by only eight votes , and he was unanimously censured by the house of representatives on october 24 , 1921 , for " abuse of leave to print . "
children are more likely to be able to expel a bowel movement right after eating .
a resolution to expel the american and canadian provinces from all church bodies was rejected .
the body then moves the mucous out of the body to expel the particles .
astronomers believe that it plays an important protecting role in using its massive gravity to capture or expel from the solar system many comets and asteroids that would otherwise threaten earth and the inner planets .
from the early 1840s they mounted a 14 year guerilla campaign to expel the settlers .
twister studied the occult until he found a means to expel the demon from star .
the party 's board was the highest organ of the party , it decided the order of candidates on election lists for the senate , house of representatives and european parliament , had the final say over the party program and had the ability to expel members .
the plunger can be pulled and pushed along inside a cylindrical tube ( the barrel ) , allowing the syringe to take in and expel a liquid or gas through an orifice at the open end of the tube .
the sultan of muscat and imam of oman gathered their forces to expel the saudis but were persuaded by the british government to exercise restraint .
the ' taikō 's sword hunt , ' as it came to be called , was accompanied by a number of other edicts , including the expulsion edict of 1590 , by which toyotomi sought to establish a census and expel from villages any newcomers who arrived in or after 1590 .
abbott raised a muslim force and marched on the capital to expel chatar singh .
the bishops found it easier to condemn paul than to expel him , and he remained in full possession of the church with his enthusiastic supporters .
the vote fell short of a two - thirds majority needed to expel a member and he retained his seat .
if a joke fell flat , he 'd gesture accordingly ( and sometimes a cow 's moo would be played in the background as to not let him continue ) ; if a studio crewmember ( the stage crew were unofficial participants of the show ) would make a flat joke , he would expel them from the studio in mock anger .
on 25 october 1971 , the 21st time the united nations general assembly debated on the prc 's admission into the un , united nations general assembly resolution 2758 was adopted , by which it recognized that " the representatives of the government of the people 's republic of china are the only lawful representatives of china to the united nations and that the people 's republic of china is one of the five permanent members of the security council , " and decided " to restore all its rights to the people 's republic of china and to recognize the representatives of its government as the only legitimate representatives of china to the united nations , and to expel forthwith the representatives of chiang kai - shek from the place which they unlawfully occupy at the united nations and in all the organizations related to it . "
this would be used as an excuse by edes forces at the end of the war , to expel all muslim chams from the region , whether collaborated or not .
in the latter case , awatere huata 's former party went to the supreme court to expel her from parliament under so - called " party - hopping " legislation .
debate on the motion lasted for three hours , with labour leaders leading the charge to expel the waffle .
most ciliates also have one or more prominent contractile vacuoles , which collect water and expel it from the cell to maintain osmotic pressure , or in some function to maintain ionic balance .
by mid-1943 , the resistance had managed to expel the italian garrisons from some mountainous areas , including several towns , creating liberated zones ( " free greece " ) .
new york state legislative law , section 3 gives both houses of the state legislature the power to expel fellow politicians from their ranks .
in 1820 , the sultan of sennar informed muhammad ali that he was unable to comply with a demand to expel the mamluks .
this caused a miniature rebellion , and in its suppression five ringleaders were publicly hanged by the british at slagter 's nek where they had originally sworn to expel " the english tyrants . "
however , as oliver padel has noted , no example of a welsh prophetic poetry telling of arthur 's return to expel the enemies of the welsh from britain has survived , which some have seen as troubling and a reason for caution : we must rely on non - welsh texts ( such as the above ) for the notion that this was a widespread belief amongst the welsh from the mid-12th century onwards , along with more debatable evidence such as henry vii 's attempts to associate himself with arthur when taking the throne , discussed below .
the state senate voted to expel monserrate .
before becoming viceroy he held the post of governor of buenos aires , under the administration of the viceroyalty of perú and viceroyalty of río de la plata , having as his main priority to expel the portuguese from the " banda oriental " , present - day uruguay , without success .
skywriting is the process of using a small aircraft , able to expel special smoke during flight , to fly in certain patterns to create writing readable by someone on the ground .
moshe dayan claimed the destruction was carried out under the orders of an officer who wished to expel the residents , brigadier general uzi narkis claimed the credit for the action .
however , frolinat factional infighting killed dozens within darfur in 1971 , leading sudanese president gaafar nimeiry to expel the group .
when the glider was carrying tanks or other vehicles , common practice was that their engines would be started in the air , usually just prior to the glider casting off from the tug ; special exhaust ducts were fitted to the glider to expel exhaust fumes .
historically and culturally martial arts have been seen as a vehicle to constructively expel anger , frustration and energy ; along with providing discipline , focus and endurance which are all necessary characteristics of human integrity and moral growth.2 biblical teaching and worldview compliments an accompanying physical discipline to create a genuine holistic lifestyle giving the practitioner a greater sense of well - being and synergy.3
spain insisted that the f-16 aircraft be removed from torrejon as a condition for renewal of the base agreement , and the spanish government threatened to expel all united states forces in spain if this demand were not accepted .
this was then used to confiscate their property and expel around 90% of the ethnic german population of czechoslovakia .
it may also more rigidly define the definition of " orthodox " belief within its particular group or organisation , and expel or excommunicate those who do not agree with this newfound clarified definition of political or religious ' orthodoxy . '
the oghuz once even managed to occupy and sack mosul in 1044 , although qirwash was able to expel them with the support of the mazyadids .
he was , moreover , prepared to furnish money to help expel philip v from spain .
another view of cluster formation is that they form rapidly out of a contracting molecular cloud core and once the massive stars begin to shine they expel the residual gas with the sound speed of the hot ionised gas .
all of them saw the austrian resistance and the resulting war of the fifth coalition as a chance to expel napoleon bonaparte from northern germany as well .
in october 2005 , the bbc reported that venezuelan president hugo chávez had announced his intention to expel new tribes mission from venezuela .
jim learns of hayley and mateo 's investigation and rigs the furnace of their apartment building to expel carbon monoxide gas into their apartment .
of concern to breeders is the condition known as uterine inertia , an inability to expel the fetus due to weak muscles .
in france , the parlement de paris , with its strong upper bourgeois background and jansenist sympathies , opened the pressure to expel the jesuits from france in the spring of 1761 , and the published excerpts from jesuit writings , the " extrait des assertions " , taken out of context perhaps , certainly provided anti - jesuit ammunition .
on 4 july , churchill entered the chamber to a great cheer from conservative mps orchestrated by the two , and the prime minister was almost overcome with emotion at the first cheer he had received from his own party 's benches since may. churchill returned the loyalty , refusing to consider labour and liberal attempts to expel chamberlain from the government .
ricki decides to expel natasha because she felt she did n't need " charm school " as much the other two do and bubbles is beginning to speak up for herself .
the northern provinces were free , but during the 1580s the south was recaptured by spain , and , despite various attempts , the dutch republican army was unable to expel them .
sudan also began efforts to expel bin laden .
he played the title roles in the bbc shakespeare production of " king john " ( 1984 ) and also in the short film " le pétomane " ( 1979 ) , the stage name of josef pujols who , due to an unusual accident he suffered in youth , was able to take in and expel an almost limitless amount of gas through his anus , an ability he exploited to become for several years the main attraction at the moulin rouge .
the treaty referred to tancred as the illegal holder of antioch , and alexios had expected bohemond to expel him or somehow control him .
ambassador carney had instructions only to push the sudanese to expel bin laden .
on 14 january 2000 , the icty ruled in the " prosecutor v. kupreškić and others " case that the lašva valley ethnic cleansing campaign in order to expel the bosnian muslim population from the region was persecution , not genocide per se the echr noted the opinion of the international court of justice ruling in the bosnian genocide case that ethnic cleansing is not in and of itself genocide .
in august 1941 , because reza shah refused to expel the german nationals , britain and the soviet union invaded iran , arrested the shah and sent him into exile , taking control of iran 's communications and railroad .
this situation was not acceptable for the american southern settlers of inland alabama and mississippi , who were rapidly expanding profitable cotton plantations ( and hoping to expel the remaining indians from the entire region ) .
he decided to expel the moors from the city , after exhausted all possible means to bring them to submission .
in 466 bc , taranto was again defeated by the iapyges ; according to aristotle , who praises its government , there were so many aristocrats killed that the democratic party was able to get the power , to remove the monarchy , inaugurate a democracy , and expel the pythagoreans .
it was the only time when a td , let alone a cabinet minister , was allowed flout the party whip in fianna fáil and damaged lynch 's authority when he failed to expel the minister from the government and parliamentary party .
the ilythiiri began to openly worship evil gods and commit such atrocities that all the remaining elven kingdoms decided to expel the ilythiiri dark elves from corellon larethian 's grace .
the posadist group was accused by soviet - friendly forces in cuba of arguing that the cuban government should forcibly expel the american military base at guantanamo bay and of trying to organise workers in the town of guantánamo to march on the nearby military base .
in the brigade ’s culminating mission to expel al qaeda from baqubah , their self - proclaimed capital of the islamic state of iraq , c-52d conducted a 50 km attack from the march into battle in support of operation arrowhead ripper .
macdonnell is best known for establishing the macdonnell clan in antrim and resisting attempts by shane o'neill and the english to expel them back to western scotland .
in june 2005 , the greens voted to permanently expel skandrani .
the explicit russian goal was to expel the groups in question from their lands .
the insurrection spread to the eastern region of slavonia in early 1991 , when paramilitary groups from serbia itself took up positions in the region and started to expel non - serbs from the area .
the feeling of fullness or need to expel brought on by this differential in atmospheric pressure has been verified by studies involving military pilots subjected to pressure changes simulating flight .
the yugoslav partisans were able to expel the axis from serbia in 1944 and the rest of yugoslavia in 1945 .
in return , the raja assured him to expel his opponent , jaitra singh , from the paragana of kaithwada .
pheidon assisted the pisatans to expel the elean superintendents of the olympian games and presided at the festival himself .
in this troubled atmosphere , muhammad ahmad ibn as sayyid abd allah , a fakir , or holy man , who combined personal magnetism with religious zealotry , emerged , determined to expel the turks and restore islam to its primitive purity .
however , since the call to implement ariel sharon 's israel 's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004 to withdraw the idf from gaza and northern samaria and to expel the jews living there , the hardalim have been undergoing an intense ideological crisis .
the contrabassoon has a water key to expel condensation , and a tuning slide for gross pitch adjustments .
all land was said to have belonged to the chief and he had the right to expel witches and undesirables ; abuse was checked by the general need to maintain a large population ; and while no one had the right to sell land in a chiefdom , the people had considerable security in their rights to the land .
when pormes refused to step down , the party board threatened to expel him .
carpenter publicly labelled her behaviour " unacceptable and reprehensible " , but refused to expel her in the face of opposition and media pressure .
discipline within congregations is maintained by a system of judicial committees , which have the power to expel members who breach organizational rules and demand their shunning by other witnesses .
however , his chief of staff , clarissa saunders ( jean arthur ) , has come to believe in him , and talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the works bill and prove his innocence on the senate floor just before the vote to expel him .
a sharp exchange took place between them , and robespierre tried to expel fouché from the jacobin club on 14 july 1794 .
ambassador carney had instructions only to push the sudanese to expel bin laden .
the spanish had to expel the missionaries , generating a conflict with the guaraní people that lasted eleven years .
soviet threats to withdraw support were the main reason why reformists did n't expel the hardline stalinist minority ( " taistoists " , after taisto sinisalo .
at the same time as their appearance , the centuries - long battles to expel the muslims from iberia were gradually swinging to the christian side , represented by the kingdom of aragon and the kingdom of castile , which were not united into spain until the time of christopher columbus .
the phuc quoc were connected to phan boi chau and cuong de , two leading anti - colonial activists from the early 20th century who championed cooperation with japan and pan - asianism to expel french colonialism .
during ares ' family bonding with cassie , he blessed her with a powerful lasso able to expel zeus 's lightning in times of anger for her to use in her persona as wonder girl .
the party also made a point of integrating its dances and other social events and continued to ostracize and expel members accused of " white chauvinism " .
the african football confederation was again the first international sports institution to expel rhodesia from membership , only four days after the unilateral declaration of independence by the rebel regime of ian smith on 11 november 1965 .
the sidings used still exist , including a bay platform at the station and most of the machinery used to expel and fill the wagons that transported the stone at the site .
nestor gomez had to march ahead a group of more than 100 private gunner men over vitoria , the capital city of espirito santo , to expel his predecessor and take the office by force .
" in the part of the great climate change swindle where i am describing the fact that the ocean tends to expel carbon dioxide where it is warm , and to absorb it where it is cold , my intent was to explain that warming the ocean could be dangerous — because it is such a gigantic reservoir of carbon .
in 1846 , arista was given command of the army of the north and sent to expel american troops from mexican territory in texas .
at the same time , the exiled kke central committee under zachariadis decided to expel ploumpidis from the party on the grounds that he was a secret police spy and british agent .
in the conflict between ebroin and st. leger ( leodegarius ) , bishop of autun , genesius ( 675 - 76 ) took the part of the bishop and was in consequence attacked by an armed band sent by ebroin to expel him from lyons ; but genesius collected a force and successfully defended his city .
france was successful in supporting the american war of independence in 1776 , and wished to expel the british from india as well .
the argument about the weights had so delayed matters that the exiled dictator marcus furius camillus had extra time to muster an army , return to rome and expel the gauls , saving both the city and the treasury .
before their deaths , aybak and shajar al - durr firmly established the mamluk dynasty that would ultimately repulse the mongols , expel the european crusaders from the holy land , and remain the most powerful political force in the middle east until the coming of the ottomans .
though , initially , cpi(m ) leadership was forced to expel parameswaran and depromote pillai from the state committee because of the high reputation that vijayan enjoyed among the party supporters , writers and the literate , later the social democrats group got control over the cpi(m ) organization .
in december , the party executive voted to expel him , but he disputed their authority to do so , as he was the party officer on the dáil register of parties .
in some bivalves the mantle edges fuse to form siphons , which take in and expel water for suspension feeding .
padover saw to it that his story was leaked to the press so as to create sufficient uproar in the american public , and a purge of the city administration resulted , to expel former nazis .
from that place he sought help from portugal to restore him to the throne and expel the jagas .
ltp in the hippocampus requires a prolonged depolarization that can expel the mg2 + block of postsynaptic nmda receptors .
in another campaign he deceives the enemy into descending onto an uninhabited planet to expel an occupying force of great strength , only to find that the ground forces were an empty threat , a diversion .
for example , like other members of his race , the doctor has two hearts ( binary vascular system ) , a " respiratory bypass system " that allows him to go without air , an internal body temperature of 15–16 degrees celsius ( 60 degrees fahrenheit ) and he occasionally exhibits a super - human level of stamina , and the ability to absorb , withstand , and expel large amounts of certain types of radiation ( the tenth doctor claimed they used to play with röntgen bricks in the nursery , after absorbing the radiation from an x - ray of significantly magnified power ) .
the military of federal republic of yugoslavia and the serbian police were in spring 1999 . " in an organized manner , with significant use of state resources " conducted a broad campaign of violence against albanian civilians in order to expel them from kosovo and thus maintain political control of belgrade over the province .
the french troops , instead of attempting to expel the libyan forces from chad , drew a " line in the sand " .
although père jean is deeply distressed by the injustice , he fires joseph but does not expel the students for the sake of their parents .
on 26 april 2009 , the political bureau of mnsd - nassara decided to expel eight party members , including five deputies to the national assembly for " indicipline " .
a few days before his death father dabrowski was compelled to expel from the seminary twenty - nine students for open rebellion .
by entering the presynaptic neuron , amphetamines force dopamine molecules out of their storage vesicles and expel them into the synaptic gap by making the dopamine transporters work in reverse .
as a result of his efforts the jews of moravia were protected from pillage in 1742 , and the intention of maria theresa to expel the jews from the whole of the austrian empire , in 1748 or 1749 , was abandoned .
hoffa defied the board of monitors , refusing to expel glimco from the union .
on the 9th may 1948 the alexandroni arab affairs experts decided on a meeting in netanya , in preparation for the declaration of israeli statehood , to immediately " expel or subdue " the inhabitants of the palestinian villages of kafr saba , al tira , qaqun , qalansuwa , and tantura .
the committee 's report was released on january 14 , 2010 and recommended that the full senate expel or censure him .
after getting into too many fights , her teacher threatens to expel her .
his solution for raising the school 's performance average is to expel the dumbest student , who happens to be chris ( though he is so dumb that he himself does not ascertain that ) .
the english were concerned that the spanish still claimed the area and would eventually attempt to expel them .
the conductor undertook to get her off , first alleging the car was full ; when that was shown to be false , he pretended the other passengers were displeased at her presence ; but [ when ] she insisted on her rights , he took hold of her by force to expel her .
the treaty required finland to expel all german troops , which led to the lapland war ( 15 september 1944 - 25 april 1945 ) .
on february 2 , 2010 an anonymous official of the saudi foreign ministry declared that the kingdom had no intention of getting involved in peacemaking in afghanistan unless the taliban would sever ties with extremists and expel osama bin laden .
there is also a ban against grazing in the trees from may to august , when the fruit ripens to a bright yellow and eventually the goats climb the trees , eat the fruit and expel the pits , which locals continue to collect .
his ignorance of latin led him to expel the language from the academy ; it was replaced with german , in which he was fairly fluent .
the biological function of the anus is to expel intestinal gas and feces from the body , therefore when engaging in anal masturbation for pleasure hygiene becomes important .
i figured that the fast - moving locomotive would expel the air to such an extent that i could follow in the vacuum behind . "
hyperbolos tried to bring about the ostracism of one of this pair , but nicias and alcibiades combined their influence to induce the people to expel hyperbolos instead .
but with the exception of a few border guard skirmishes and mutual support for cross - border raids by opposition groups , no heavy fighting broke out until 1991 , when syria joined the us - led un coalition to expel iraq from kuwait .
her case was notable because when the soviets began to expel children from church services , varavva petitioned all the way to the chief croca plenipotentiary in belarus to whom she argued that she had a constitutional right to educate her children as christians .
the lombards turned against their erstwhile allies and pope leo ix determined to expel the norman freebooters .
the national council meeting was also preceded by a decision of the indian national congress in the beginning of the year to expel all dissenting tendencies within the congress , including the forward bloc .
mizoguchi spends it on prostitutes in the hope that dosen will be forced to expel him .
say : warfare therein is a great ( transgression ) , but to turn ( men ) from the way of allah , and to disbelieve in him and in the inviolable place of worship , and to expel his people thence , is a greater with allah ; for persecution is worse than killing .
in the second half of 1949 , the idf and police started to descend on abu ghosh in a series of more or less brutal search - and - expel operations , where they rounded up the most recent " infiltrators " and pushed them over the border into jordan .
the plausible explanation to this unusual phenomena in the home of the ijirait is likely related to large deposits of sour - gas , of which can be disturbed by simply walking over top of the pockets , causing them to expel the toxic gas hydrogen sulphide .
the most serious incidents of police brutality contained in the document included the case of a 30-year - old sudanese asylum - seeker who suffocated on an aircraft during an attempt to expel him from germany .
from then on , the superior council took a firm grip on the peronist organizations in order to expel from it the left .
the hungarian government protested against the expel of the hungarian population from czechoslovakia and requested intervention from the allies .
however , many of the conference 's affiliates ( prominent among them the afro - asia group and canadian premier john diefenbaker ) attacked south africa 's racial policies and rebuffed verwoerd 's application ; they would go to any lengths to expel a south african republic from the commonwealth .
the resulting energy release could be used to expel propellant out the back of the spacecraft .
accordingly , they describe the insurgents in positive terms as " resistance " fighters whose main aim is to expel the foreign forces .
although they promised not to harm oedipus , they wish to expel him from their city , fearing that he will curse it .
the following january , he voted to expel cuba from the organization of american states ( oas ) and in july 1964 successfully petitioned to have oas sanctions imposed on cuba after the discovery of an arms cache on a venezuelan beach the previous november , allegedly dropped by cubans for use by the fuerzas armadas de liberación nacional ( faln ) guerrillas seeking to establish a marxist government .
if , in the umpire 's judgment , such a violation occurs , the umpire may elect either to : expel the pitcher , or the manager and the pitcher , from the game ... to pitch at a batter 's head is unsportsmanlike and highly dangerous .
article 1 section 5 of the constitution does state that each house of congress may set its own rules of behavior , and by two - thirds vote to expel a member .
the narrative in the book of exodus states that , on account of their thirst , the israelites grumbled against moses , so moses , in fear for his life , appeals to yahweh ; the narrative continues with yahweh telling moses to walk ahead of the others , and strike the rock at horeb with his rod , and when moses does this , it causes the rock to expel water .
snyder takes an immediate and profound dislike to buffy , and seeks out any excuse to expel her .
chassis or case fans , usually one exhaust fan to expel heated air from the rear and optionally an intake fan to draw cooler air in through the front , became common with the arrival of the pentium 4 in late 2000 .
the u.s. tried to expel the prc , which required a two - thirds vote , but the motion failed and the prc was admitted into the un on a vote of 76 in favor , 35 opposed , and 17 abstentions .
zealotry was originally a political movement in first century judaism which sought to incite the people of iudaea province to rebel against the roman empire and expel it from the holy land by force of arms , most notably during the great jewish revolt ( ad 66 - 70 ) .
as long as the singularity point is conscious , he can expel the imagin from his body and send it back to the train of time that he uses as a kamen rider .
the revolts were funded by byzantium , which hoped to expel the germans from italy ; this sponsorship was , like the invasion of the south , part of a twelfth - century byzantine effort to regain the influence it had held on the peninsula during the reign of justinian .
the diaphragm is also involved in non - respiratory functions , helping to expel vomit , feces , and urine from the body by increasing intra - abdominal pressure , and preventing acid reflux by exerting pressure on the esophagus as it passes through the esophageal hiatus .
a second way of driving momentum transfer to a spacecraft , used in the devices described below , which is more commonly proposed is using the laser to help expel mass from the spacecraft as in a conventional rocket .
initially dispatched to canada , the 62nd took part in the campaign to expel the colonial forces from canada .
the other schoolchildren learned about emmy 's sister 's criminal connection and attempted to expel her , but michi saved her ; emmy returned the favor by telling michi she knew the location of michi 's father ( still abiding by duke red 's plan ) but she was abducted by a giant wasp .
in 1961 the posadist section in cuba argued that the cuban government should forcibly expel the american military base at guantanamo bay .
unable to resolve the crisis , the tunku decided to expel singapore from malaysia , choosing to " sever all ties with a state government that showed no measure of loyalty to its central government " .
this time , however , barré is assisted by father mignon and father rangier ; yet , the attempts to expel the devil are unsuccessful .
louis allied with the byzantine emperor basil i to expel the arabs from bari in 869 .
empress dowager cixi decided to use boxers to expel western influences from china ; meanwhile , the boxers would be weakened by western forces .
the mission was sent following the 1863 " order to expel barbarians " ( 攘夷実行の勅命 ) edicted by emperor kōmei , and the bombardment of shimonoseki incidents , in a wish to close again the country to western influence , and return to sakoku status .
they suggest that charter , rather than officially " expel " an unwanted student , " asks the student to leave " without an actual choice .
he could also remove his hand to play pranks and his arms functioned like a pair of stretchy accordions , could expel blue electricity from his mouth and could disappear and reappear from the ground at will .
there the villagers voted to expel the imperial representatives , form a " people 's militia " to guard the forests which were an important source of income , and set up a peasants ' republic , effectively seceding from the russian empire .
ferdinand , the first habsburg to occupy the hungarian throne , drew support from magnates in western hungary who hoped he could convince his brother , holy roman emperor charles v , to expel the turks .
occasionally , the web - shooters are modified to expel other liquids .
in response to this , the senate passed a motion , by a majority of one , to retroactively unseat him , despite the fact that the constitution specified that a two thirds majority was required to expel a senator .
in 546 the byzantine empire allied themselves with the lombards to expel the gepids from this region .
while this conviction did not automatically remove him from office , the senate later voted to expel him from the senate .
portugal used it against its neighbours in 1640 , to expel the spanish kings ( house of habsburg ) from the country .
the zealots were a political movement in first century judaism that sought to incite the people of iudaea province to rebel against the roman empire and expel it from the holy land by force of arms .
the attempts to censure and expel frank were led by republican larry craig , whom frank criticized for hypocrisy after craig 's own later arrest for soliciting gay sex in an airport bathroom .
under united states labor law , a private sector union can expel a member from the union for any number of reasons , so long as it provides the member with the minimum due process required by the labor management reporting and disclosure act ( lmrda ) and does not do so for reasons prohibited by law ( such as the member 's race or protected political activities within the union ) .
and lungs also have excretory functions : the skin eliminates metabolic wastes like urea and lactic acid through sweating , and the lungs expel carbon dioxide .
the scoreline was 2 - 0 to vėtra at the time , and on july 11th , uefa decided to reward the tie 3 - 0 to vėtra , and expel legia from the competition .
he was a legal adviser to the labour party through the 1980s , which included advice on how to expel members of the militant tendency , and he was given a life peerage as baron irvine of lairg , of lairg in the district of sutherland in 1987 .
in 1975 , however , haddad decided to expel sánchez from his team after he had been accused of refusing to kill two hostages and possibly stealing ransom money , after the assault on the opec conference in vienna on december 22 .
concerned , the faculty decided to expel chivas from the academy .
but ricci stayed in zhaoqing until 1589 , when a new viceroy decided to expel him from the city , and the jesuit had to move to shaozhou .
however in march 2008 , a tierra del fuego court requested that the senate expel him in connection with the ongoing allegations relating to improper use of funds while mayor of río grande .
moreover , the irgun 's fight against the british was only intended to expel them from the area , and the option of future diplomatic ties with britain was not discounted .
after queen mary 's husband , lord darnley , was murdered by suspected agents of the queen , captain thomas planned the assault and led a small force of 150 men in 1571 that scaled the cliffs and embattlements to expel the castle garrison loyal to catholic queen mary from dumbarton castle .
since mexican laws establish that an individual may take legal possession of a property after five years of peaceful occupation , many " paracaidistas " establish themselves with the hope that the legal owner will not discover them and expel them before five years .
toad also possessed the ability to psionically communicate with amphibian life and to expel powerful gusts of wind from his lungs capable of knocking someone down , though he has used both abilities only on one occasion each .
as a result of the war , the u.s. government abolished the reservation and attempted to expel the dakota people from minnesota .
however , johor was able to expel the acehnese garrison later that year , and iskandar muda was never able to assert permanent control over the area .
but while north of the alps , in virtue of his preparations for the augsburg interim and its enforcement , the emperor was widely instrumental in recovering germany to roman catholicism , the pope now held aloof from him because charles v himself had stood aloof in the matter of endowing pier luigi with parma and piacenza , and the situation came to a total rupture when the imperial vice - regent , ferrante gonzaga , proceeded forcibly to expel pier luigi .
she convinces tara to fund an exorcism to expel a demon that she is convinced is responsible for the terrible things she has done , and chooses to corrupt her because of her closeness with jesus .
john hunyadi was leader of the long campaign in which the hungarians tried to expel the turks from the balkans ; early on it was successful , but finally they had to withdraw .
the mission was sent following the 1863 " order to expel barbarians " ( 攘夷実行の勅命 ) edicted by emperor kōmei , and the bombardment of shimonoseki incidents , in a wish to close again the country to western influence , and return to sakoku status .
according to human rights watch , during the war georgian paramilitary groups committed acts of violence against ossetian civilians within south ossetia that were motivated by the desire to expel ossetians and reclaim villages for georgia , and by sheer revenge against the ossetian people .
53 parliamentarians of jordan have signed a petition , calling on prime minister nader dahabi to expel the dutch ambassador and sever all diplomatic ties with holland .
the split occurred after the socialist congress of livorno refused to expel the reformist group as required by the comintern .
in 1949 furubotn 's enemies within the party began a campaign to expel him .
armed with the conference mandate , the leadership then moved to expel the leading 79 group members .
" so evident is their intention to disrupt the party that it has been necessary to expel all left wing branches and exclude the members from any vote on party affairs .
with all evidence pointing at kiwi as the thief , courtesy of the prefect who made up a story on how she could 've gotten away with the money ( perhaps he 's looking a chance for revenge on kiwi , on the kick she landed on his face ) poor kiwi had to be sent back home , while the school decides on actions they should take , whether to expel her from school or not .
this was significant , as under the rule of the barons , zülz was only one of two silesian cities , the other being głogów , which did not forcibly expel their jewish populations .
he added , " every union will welcome this clear decision that they can now expel bnp members . "
between 1975 and 1980 , attempts by reg underhill and others within the leadership of the labour party to expel the militant were rejected by the labour party 's national executive committee , which appointed a militant member to the position of national youth organiser in 1976 .
in 1710 , the zamorin was made to sign a treaty with the voc undertaking to trade exclusively with the voc and expel other european traders .
they will also expel gases from their body , the toxicity of which is relative to their mood .
his green activities and ecologically motivated rants against socialist members of parliament caused the austrian socialist party to expel him in 1985 .
he presumably participated in the council 's decision to expel the city 's jewish community in 1519 , as well as making two famous etchings of the synagogue just before it was destroyed after the expulsion , to be replaced with a church , which altdorfer designed , at least in part .
the tapeworm can also expel antigens that can cause an allergic reaction in the individual .
his opponents tried to block him from becoming a senator by asking a senate committee to expel him for what he had done in the past , charging him with bigamy , desertion and living under an assumed name .
order to expel barbarians .
in the summer of 2009 the romanian minister of education decided to expel graduates of spiru haret university from a titularization exam .
the mandubii decided to expel the women and children from the citadel , hoping to save food for the fighters and hoping that caesar would open a breach to let them go .
the banu khalid tribe , who ruled al - hasa in eastern arabia , held considerable influence over al - uyayna , and compelled ibn mu'ammar to expel muhammad ibn abd al - wahhab from the town in 1744 .
in 1966 - 67 , egypt 's leader , gamal abdel nasser , began a pan - arab campaign seeking unified support to conquer israel and expel the jews .
in the leaves , stomata open to take in carbon dioxide and expel oxygen .
the movement , led by all assam students union and the all assam gana sangram parishad , set an agitational program to compel the government to identify and expel the illegal immigrants .
in the 1970s , the nordic countries placed pressure on the world organization of the scout movement ( wosm ) to expel the south african movement for its racial policies .
early expulsions were undertaken by the polish communist military authorities even before the potsdam conference placed them under temporary polish administration pending the final peace treaty , to ensure their later integration into an ethnically homogeneous poland as envisioned by the polish communists : " we must expel all the germans because countries are built on national lines and not on multinational ones " .
their bodies are highly resistant to injury and heal rapidly ; even gunfire is unlikely to seriously injure them . they are immune to most poisons and toxic inorganic substances , which they can usually resist and expel from their bodies with minor difficulties .
he wanted to raise an army of 26,000 troops to expel the swedes and enforce george william 's claim on pomerania , but he was only able to raise 11,000 undisciplined soldiers .
at first he is accepted , and the school directors are surprised at his brilliance , but later , suddenly , they expel him , because they say they do not need intelligent people , but brutes for work .
