in return , the " kon - tiki " explorers reported on the quality and utility of the provisions .
lerman provided inspiration for two additional explorers ( mirko and stjepan seljan ) who were mapping africa and south america at the turn of the 20th century .
in the early 1990s , a group of cave explorers here discovered the 5th largest underwater cave in the world .
" see also : " list of russian language writers , list of russian language poets , list of russian language playwrights , list of russian artists , list of russian architects , list of russian inventors , list of russian explorers , russian culture
the authorities in british india renewed their interest in tibet in the late 19th century , and a number of indians entered the country , first as explorers and then as traders .
he was an excellent bushman , making little of his privations , a good judge of conditions , and although he made only two expeditions , he ranks among the great explorers of australia .
even in the mid 18th century , explorers ' maps clearly depicted frisland as separated from greenland by a wide strait .
he also met there with fellow - explorers , including nansen , shackleton , and roald amundsen .
the area was inhabited by the beaver ( dunneza ) first nation , and the first european explorers arrived in the 1700s .
the arab empire significantly contributed to navigation during the middle ages , when the knowledge , trade and economies from many previously isolated regions and civilizations began integrating due to contacts with muslim explorers , sailors , scholars , traders , and travelers .
urban explorers ( film ) .
on november 27 , 2006 , edelin signed with the cba 's great falls explorers
an expedition in 1802 to survey van diemen 's land by french explorers nicolas baudin and louis de freycinet aboard " geographe " , " casuarina " , and " naturaliste " , stopped in the derwent river to make observations of the indigenous tasmanians , and the native flora and fauna .
it was the são francisco river that first brought explorers up to the vast interior .
the 2009 history channel series , expedition africa , documents a group of explorers attempting to traverse the route of stanley 's expedition in search of livingstone .
another site was linked to cryptidsarereal.com : the page for an organization called " ten hero tusk " , which states that its explorers are " d. blackwell , b. finster , and l. van rook " , all of which are characters in in the show .
port gamble s'klallum and lower elwha s'klallum members tell of tribal gatherings , ceremonies , and ancestral canoe burials , as well as regular trapping , hunting , and fishing endeavors going back far beyond the first documented visits made by european explorers to point hannon in the 1790 's , and continuing to the present day . shanghaied crew aboard inbound clippers , loggers , and other freighters were waylaid at whiskey spit so that they would not escape , and they were replaced by native crews for the remainder of the sail into puget sound and back .
portuguese explorers had recently been establishing new routes south along the west african coast , and it seemed likely that the portuguese caravels would shortly reach the rich trading areas of asia by traveling east .
the island 's chief is worried that life is slowly diminishing on the island and has selected a tribe of explorers to find the source of isola 's troubles .
these keys , known as the geelong keys , are believed by some to have been dropped by portuguese explorers some hundreds of years previously , but the poppykettle papers suggest another origin -- namely , that the hairy peruvians left them there .
french explorers used the word " marais " to mean " harbor of refuge " as well as " marsh . "
apart from the first essay , " geography and some explorers " , they are not of any great consequence , but contain many passages of interest to the enthusiast .
the term " trobriand " itself is not kilivilan , it was instead devised by french explorers .
ebierbing ( ) , also known as " joe , " " eskimo joe , " and " joseph ebierbing " , c. 1837 - c. 1881 , was a remarkable inuit guide and explorer , who assisted several american arctic explorers , among them charles francis hall and frederick schwatka .
broadstone is the centre of many clubs , societies and organisations for the south east dorset area including the lytchett archery club , broadstone and springdale scout group ( including beavers , cubs , scouts and explorers ) , broadstone football club , the broadstone golf club , broadstone horticultural society , broadstone tennis society , dorset caledonian society , broadstone youth centre and the broadstone cricket club .
historic artifacts from the early colonial period suggest it was one of the villages of people known to the spanish explorers and colonists .
in , he moved on to the daytona beach explorers , pitching in eight games without allowing an earned run .
pigs were brought to southeastern north america from europe by hernando de soto and other early spanish explorers .
catholic missionaries were some of the first explorers in british and french colonial lands in the east , and spanish lands in the southwest .
though many do not trade or give away patches , many agencies nationwide sell their patches , for around $ 5 , some being for a new police cruiser , charity , or for their explorers program .
the explorers who mapped the routes through the area and the emigrants who followed them named the black rock desert for a prominent point near a spring along the route now known as black rock point .
the shape of the main island of taiwan is similar to a sweet potato seen in a south - to - north direction , and therefore , taiwanese , especially the min - nan division , often call themselves " children of the sweet potato . " there are also other interpretations of the island shape , one of which is a whale in the ocean ( the pacific ocean ) if viewed in a west - to - east direction , which is a common orientation in ancient maps , plotted either by western explorers or the great qing .
the original explorers often flew into the area by helicopter .
the valley extends from taylor glacier in the west to mcmurdo sound at explorers cove at the northwest head of new harbor in the east and is about 29 km long .
in the 17th century dutch explorers such as abel tasman explored the coasts of australia , while in the 18th century it was british explorer james cook who mapped much of polynesia .
the book takes place millennia in the future with the same group of explorers introduced in the first two books of the series , " summertide " and " divergence " .
combat in the asteroid belt is more dangerous and instead of being returned to their mother ship all of the enemy explorers are removed from play instead .
gold explorers receive many extra benefits , such as mansions , special games to help defeate evil emperor withering and special clothes .
dutch explorers also discovered australia and new zealand in 1606 , thought they did not settle the new lands ; and dutch immigration to these countries did not begin until after world war ii .
by 1840 , the discoveries of explorers , naturalists , and mountain men had produced maps showing the rough outlines of the entire west to the pacific ocean .
the school 's nickname is " the explorers . "
he cites this exposure to all forms of literature - in particular a tintin album ( " explorers on the moon " ) aged 4 and a " stash of superhero comics " aged 7 - as a " pivotal event " in his young life , which clearly deeply imbued in him considerable enjoyment of such genres and titles .
ross island , an historic jumping - off point for polar explorers , designates the eastern boundary .
the true character of the birds only became apparent when european explorers penetrated the island of new guinea in the nineteenth century .
since the 16th century , american indians in georgia told european explorers that the small amounts of gold which they possessed came from mountains of the interior .
native americans used the goose lake valley for thousands of years before the first white explorers arrived .
within forty years after the discovery of the huli by western explorers , the haroli bachelor cult , which was the main educational structure of huli male society , had virtually disappeared .
he then traveled to bangkok which , aside from long stays in new york and san francisco , has served as his base for exploration and ultimately leading to his election as a fellow of the explorers club .
urban explorers may use dust masks and respirators to alleviate this danger .
in the spring of 1999 , that office was closed and with the announcement of opportunity for the third set of smex missions nasa converted the program so that each mission was managed by its principal investigator , with oversight by the gsfc explorers project .
the portuguese burghers are largely descendant from the sri lanka mestiços , the people of mixed portuguese and sri lankan descent ( either a portuguese father and a sri lankan mother , or a sri lankan mother of portuguese descent and a sri lankan father ) who appeared in the 16th century , after the portuguese explorers found the sea route to the indian ocean .
once the cord was in position up , over , and back to the ground , a climbing rope was pulled into position , and the explorers ascended into what they named the spirit world .
peake mostly uses gibson guitars such as les pauls , gibson explorers and gibson flying vs , as well as a modified glass lucite gibson look alike flying v made by dillion guitars that he plays " figured you out " with live .
as part of the research , brucker and a small group of explorers even ventured into sand cave several times to the spot where collins was trapped , to better understand why rescuers had been unable to free him .
because explorers found navigation hazardous in this new world place of rocks and converging tide - driven currents ( from the long island sound , harlem river strait , upper bay of new york harbor and lesser channels , some of which have been filled ) , the anglicization stuck .
although they did not know it , the three explorers had walked into the largest known enclosed space in the world , which they later named the sarawak chamber .
the sighting of the creature is considered the scariest part of the story , and the explorers decide that it is better not to alert it to their presence as they fear it may be hostile .
by the time english explorers arrived in the area in the late 1600s and early 1700s , however , the chiaha area was a largely uninhabited part of the cherokee domain .
he is then set upon by a troupe of wise - cracking explorers , including a w. c. fields pastiche , who appear to be on a half - hearted expedition .
the oregon trail , the longest of the overland routes used in the westward expansion of the united states , was first traced by explorers and fur traders .
these compasses are popular among cave explorers , foresters , geologists , archaeologists , land surveyors , and mariners .
data explorers data is used as a proxy for short interest data by the mainstream media , including the financial times , the economist , the wall street journal , and bloomberg
the islamic empire significantly contributed to globalization during the islamic golden age , when the knowledge , trade and economies from many previously isolated regions and civilizations began integrating due to contacts with muslim explorers , sailors , scholars , traders , and travelers .
fifty years later in 1841 , the third era begins when charles wilkes and his american exploring expedition visited the puget sound to map and often rename what earlier explorers had named .
early explorers called the milwaukee river and surrounding lands various names : melleorki , milwacky , mahn - a - waukie , milwarck , and milwaucki .
this culture eventually evolved into the siouan tribes known to european explorers .
the early explorers of the coastline were in search of a “
through the late 15th and early 16th centuries , european missionaries and explorers spread catholicism to the americas , asia , africa and oceania .
explorers we is a science fiction short story by philip k. dick .
although he was on good terms with hedin and other foreign explorers , the british government , as represented by george macartney , monitored his movements across central asia .
early explorers .
the lunar explorers society is an organisation dedicated to achieving permanent presence of humanity on the moon .
this species was described by the explorers during the lewis and clark expedition .
the italians almost certainly visited the cave during the occupation years , but apparently none of these early explorers made a through trip from ayiew maco to holuca .
many well - known explorers and pioneers passed through bridgeport valley and mono county , including jedediah strong smith , john c. frémont , kit carson and others .
the european exploration of australia encompasses several waves of seafarers and land explorers .
the next european visit to the geelong area was by the explorers hamilton hume and william hovell .
early dutch explorers and traders discovered red ores in the area and attempted to mine them as early as 1750 , but were unsuccessful in their mistaken attempts to extract copper from the ores .
in contrast to most contemporary explorers , nachtigal did not hold to the alleged inferiority of africans ; his convictions are clearly reflected in his descriptions and choice of words .
he was honoured by the national geographical society , received tributes from polar veterans such as peary and adolphus greely , and was given the presidency of the explorers club of new york .
1986 lowell thomas award for undersea exploration , explorers club
the first explorers in the area misspelled the name , thus changing the " c " to an " s " .
the character of johan padan is inspired by both the commedia dell'arte characters of zanni and harlequin ( characters whom fo frequently draws upon ) and by such historical figures as cabeza de vaca , hans staten , gonzalo guerrico and michele da cuneo , early european sailors and explorers of the americas who came to sympathize with the native peoples and often aided them in resisting europeans .
in 1673 french explorers jacques marquette and louis joliet , were among the first europeans to encounter the osage as they explored southward from present - day canada in their expedition to the mississippi river .
the program is called the king county sheriff explorers and is a local post of the learning for life exploring program .
he was commissioned by the viceroy , luis de velasco , in 1564 , to lead an expedition in the pacific ocean , to find the spice islands where the previous explorers ferdinand magellan and ruy lópez de villalobos had landed in 1521 and 1543 , respectively .
in the 16th century , its port gained great importance as one of the main ports from which portuguese explorers set sail , due to the discoveries .
1988 carried flags of society of women geographers , explorers ' club and the national geographic society to the bottom of monterey canyon ( 12,000 ft )
however , he was widely disgraced in the philadelphia area after his last head coaching position with the la salle explorers .
the explorers recommended the same spot for the winter headquarters for the next expedition , called the astor expedition , from st. louis to mouth of the columbia river .
he was the president of the moscow society of nature explorers for 17 years .
these explorers , led by a man named max schmidt , believed that , because of the carib ancestry of the nahukuá , they were probably immigrants to the region , hailing originally from southwestern guiana .
over the next few decades , a number of spanish explorers from florida visited the inland region .
as petherick was away , hunting in the countryside the two explorers instead were welcomed by samuel baker and his wife florence , who greeted them with a cup of tea .
in 1586 the first european explorers sailed up the fifty - five mile length of the albemarle sound .
he made a cameo appearance in " destination moon " and confronted tintin again in " explorers on the moon " .
the first european explorers and traders came to the region around 1650 .
the explorers club institutional support for exploration award
it was presumably carved by norse explorers .
the island may have been first named by portuguese explorers and early fishing crews in the 16th century ( " fogo " means " fire " in portuguese ) .
in 2005 the band entered metway studio in brighton and recorded three tracks with producer damien taylor which would eventually be on the bands second album " year of explorers " .
spanish explorers observed the sound in 1791 and named it boca del carmelo .
the history of caraga can be traced back to the 15th century when explorers discovered the existence of " kalagans " , believed to be of visayan origin in one of the three districts in mindanao .
he also belongs to the association of space explorers .
it influenced the market so that smaller rifles became more common , and inspired civilian gunmakers , who made the plains rifles and mountain rifles , used in the west by the mountain men and explorers and everywhere by civilians as sport rifles .
throughout its history , whether for native americans , explorers , or modern commerce , the mississippi has always been a major navigation route through the center of north america .
these mahogany prototypes , christened " futura " many years later , resembled the eventual explorer design , but had a differently - proportioned body , as well as a ' split ' or ' forked ' headstock which survived into the first few production explorers but was quickly replaced .
he was one of the world 's foremost cave explorers , and the international founder for the science of biospeology ( study of life in caves ) .
in fact , the name of " tierra del fuego " ( land of fire ) is a name given to the island cluster by passing european explorers who witnessed these fires burning .
on october 31 , de portolà 's explorers became the first europeans known to view san francisco bay .
the first party of explorers did not notice this part of the cave upon entering and traversed the entire length of the cave , following much the same route now taken by tourists .
a decade later , when the scottish explorers hugh clapperton and walter oudney visited katagum , they found it had two surrounding walls , each 20 ft . in height with a 10 ft .
he holds membership of a number of organisations including senior fellow of the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics , member of the association of naval aviators , aircraft owners & pilots association , the aviation boatswains mate 's association , and the association of space explorers .
since native americans speaking a language of the algonquian group were generally the first to meet english explorers and settlers along the eastern seaboard , many words from these languages made their way into english .
since nobody lived on the island before 1765 , the singular form for " maison " could be attributed to the ruins of a habitation built by early basque visitors and found by french explorers in 1663 .
maps from this period and the early 18th century often have australia marked as " new holland " on account of the voyages of these dutch explorers .
the first encounter with the olthoi resulted in the death of one of the explorers and nearly the death of asheron .
mcclintock point ( ) is a point at the north side of the entrance to explorers cove , new harbor , mcmurdo sound , on scott coast , victoria land .
early explorers .
its superficial similarity to wolves was often noted by explorers during the coppermine expedition of 1819–1822 .
the region was known as sava to portuguese explorers .
” humboldt did not consider himself an explorer , but rather a scientific traveler , who accurately measured what explorers had reported inaccurately .
it contains several essays about archeology and field research from early european explorers in mexico .
brome may have pulled hints and suggestions from other travel accounts , since the play refers to the famous english explorers of the day , sir francis drake , martin frobisher , sir richard hawkins , and sir thomas cavendish .
originally it is the apache were friendly to the explorers and colonists , but when their land and water was taken over by the pioneers they fought back .
the explorers were favorably impressed by those whom they met ; and , as they made the remainder of their journey to the pacific in boats , they entrusted the keeping of their horses to " 2 brothers and one son of one of the chiefs . "
paul wilhelm is traditionally included as one of the first explorers of the headwaters of the mississippi and missouri rivers .
a time - slot dispute occurred between sm entertainment and mbc when sm insisted to have kang - in stay on sbs 's " explorers of the human body " instead of mbc 's " sunday night dong - an club " ( 동안클럽 ) where kang - in has been a regular host .
an underground dispute broke out in july 1981 between jewish explorers inside warren 's gate and arab guards who came down to meet them through surface cistern entries .
razzak mentions that the " ear of intelligence had never been informed that there existed anything equal to vijayanagara in the world " and the " pupil of eye has never seen a place like it " ( on an interesting side note the two explorers also commented on deva raya ii 's large harem in which 4000 queens followed him everywhere he went ) .
at the end of the 17th century sugar exports started to decline but the discovery of gold by explorers in the region that would later be called minas gerais ( general mines ) around 1693 , and in the following decades in current mato grosso and goiás , saved the colony from imminent collapse .
subspace explorers .
the majority were named after various beings that 16th century explorers had encountered ( e.g. bird of paradise , chameleon , toucan , flying fish ) .
they became extinct before the arrival of european explorers .
among the most famous of the european explorers were david livingstone and serpa pinto , both of whom mapped the vast interior of southern africa and central africa .
ivanov is a member of the ase — association of the space explorers .
the hayes was the main route between york factory and norway house in the interior of the continent for explorers , fur traders and european settlers from 1670 to 1870 .
spanish explorers once found a lone rum keg washed up on a shore and changed the name again to rum cay ( pop : 53 1990 census ) .
maspero had already made some repairs and clearances there ( continued in his absence by unofficial but authorized explorers of many nationalities ) in his previous tenure of office , and now he set up a team of workmen under french egyptologists and regularly visited to oversee its reconstruction work , opposing some romantics who wished the ruins left as they were .
on october 31 , de portolà 's explorers became the first europeans known to view san francisco bay .
the site of the town lay on one of the well - travelled routes used by traders , hunters and explorers to gain access to the interior .
saturnians are descended from an underclass of worker clones created by ancient martian explorers .
in the 1954 tintin comic book " explorers on the moon " , a drunken captain haddock almost becomes a satellite of the asteroid , which is improbably depicted passing between the earth and the moon .
the islands were named " near islands " by russian explorers in the 1700s because they were the nearest of the aleutian islands to russia .
following the 1768 treaty , british explorers , surveyors , and settlers began pouring into the region.(see vandalia ( colony )
when white explorers first entered the region , they encountered numerous american indian tribes including the arapaho , bannock , blackfeet , cheyenne , crow , gros ventre , kiowa , nez perce , sioux , shoshone and ute .
bits and pieces " often featured a number of talking puppets , " charley and humphrey " , and the space explorers were aimed at delivering positive and educational messages to children .
although many maritime explorers also used force as part of their missions , these are not considered as a reason for exclusion from the list because it represents a subjective contemporary view of the use of force .
a cherokee village thrived at citico when english explorers and traders began entering the tennessee valley in large numbers in the early 1700s .
cockell was the first president of the association of mars explorers , an organisation he co - founded in california in 2002 .
the explorers spent much of their time on the northeast branch which they felt was the main channel .
andrews joined the explorers club in new york in 1908 , four years after its founding .
a member aboard an early ship of spanish explorers , zeballos remained relatively obscure until well over 100 years later , when the village grew exponentially due to a gold rush in the 1930s .
in the 16th century , the indigenous mariches were killed by the explorers ; when the development of el hatillo began , spaniards from the canary islands settled in the area .
in post-"crisis on infinite earths " continuity , the eradicator , programmed to preserve all kryptonian culture , altered the birthing matrices ( " artificial wombs " ) the explorers took with them so that the newborns would be fatally vulnerable to lead .
early fur traders and explorers noted regional trading centers , and archaeological evidence has shown some to be of considerable antiquity .
during the late 1600s , explorers and fur traders established outposts in northern ontario ( then part of rupert 's land ) to capitalize on the fur trade .
from that time , point iroquois became a familiar landmark " for french explorers , fur traders and missionaries who followed .
the teller of this saga is uncertain whether the explorers remain here over the next winter ( said to be very mild ) , or only for a few weeks of summer .
after widening the hole to allow for human entry , the explorers discovered one of the most spectacular caves in the western u.s. the cave has since been named ursa minor , because of the large bear skeleton ( g. ursus ) found in the cave .
during convict settlement , explorers passed through the region but it was not until 1865 that the first settlers started farming the area 's rich alluvial soil .
additionally , the bystrom family , owners of vermilion houseboats , have a rich family history dating back to the first explorers to travel north of duluth as fur traders , trappers , and prospectors .
capable of monitoring a range of physiological signs including heart rate , respiration , skin and core body temperature , the system is used by military , emergency services , sports and sports science research organisations , and arctic explorers .
the europeans : explorers , universities , and talented amateurs ( 1600–1850 ) .
originally settled by farming families in the late 1800s , following good reports from explorers to the region and due to its good soils , consistent , reliable rainfall , rivers and lakes , the land was cleared of its heavy wandoo , jarrah and marri to make way for pastures for grazing and arable land for cropping .
this is a story of a band of four such explorers .
a major problem with using the accounts from explorers and missionaries in north america was how they labeled the native americans as one group because of the lack of visual physical differences .
in ensuing years explorers such as narvaez , de luna , pardo , and de ayllon would follow in his footsteps .
nalin de silva 's writings and lectures , as well as " gaweshakayo " ( explorers ) organization which he guided while teaching mathematics in the university of colombo , and the " chinthana parshadaya " organization , of which he is the secretary , have made a definite impact on the sri lankan society .
he raises funds for the prince 's trust and is an official ambassador of the 2012 london olympic games as well as a fellow of the royal geographical society in london and a member of the explorers club in new york .
the royal company 's islands are a group of phantom islands reported by some early explorers to lie southwest of tasmania .
european explorers were reaching southeast asia from the west and from the east .
the club as explained in its charter was formed to further general exploration , to spread knowledge of the same ; to acquire and maintain a library of exploration ; and to encourage explorers in their work by “ evincing interest and sympathy , and especially by bringing them in personal contact and binding them in the bonds of good fellowship ”
the name was given by 18th century european traders and explorers who had to cross the appalachian mountains to reach these settlements when traveling from british colonies along the atlantic coast .
the russian explorers ivan moskvitin and vassili poyarkov were the first europeans to visit the sea of okhotsk ( and , probably , the island of sakhalin ) in the 1640s .
since the voyages of discovery by european explorers of the 15th and 16th century , another development has occurred whereby which european forms of government , industry , commerce and culture have spread from western europe , to the americas , south africa , australia , and through colonial empires , to the rest of the planet .
a modified proposal , called " mars to stay " , involves not returning the first immigrant / explorers immediately , or ever .
they faced league champions calderdale explorers , almost by default after raiders’ semi - final opponents liverpool withdrew due to fixture congestion .
the event happened at the same time with the arrival of the first european explorers to penetrate the uncharted coastal waters of northern british columbia .
the california seen by these ship - bound explorers was one of hilly grasslands and forests , with few apparent resources or natural ports to attract colonists .
the balleny corridor through the southern ocean would be used by future explorers such as robert scott , ernest shackleton , roald amundsen , and richard byrd , and is used today by surface vessels resupplying mcmurdo and other scientific bases located in and around the ross sea sector of antarctica .
explorers and trappers traveling through the region in the early 1800s remarked on the scarcity of game animals and their ability ( or inability , as he case were ) to find food .
the armada also carried spanish explorers to the north american mainland , including juan ponce de leon and alvarez de pineda , who discovered florida ( 1519 ) and texas ( 1521 ) respectively .
they journeyed from detroit towards modern - day pontiac where they met land explorers who told them of the land 's beauty .
( girls 14 years of age or older were explorers , and younger girls were girl scouts . )
european explorers thomas batts and robert fallam gave the area its first recorded name : totero town , after this tribe , who supplied them with a guide to help with further exploration .
one theory of columbian exchange suggests explorers from the christopher columbus expedition contracted syphilis from indigenous peoples and carried it back to europe , where it spread widely .
the lower parts of the hall are panelled with inset paintings of a curious selection of modern worthies , including protestants such as elizabeth i and william the silent ; catholics such as philip ii and ambrogio spinola ; the explorers christopher columbus and ferdinand magellan , and muhammadans such as bajazet and mohammed ii ; it is thought this scheme might be rather earlier than the other work and date from the time of thomas charnock mp , who died in 1648 .
he also takes high rank among australian explorers , for though his parties were small in number and comparatively poorly equipped , his courage , resourcefulness , and knowledge , enabled him to achieve what he set out to do , and his journeys opened up much country for settlement .
it was at this point that captain charles sturt and his party of explorers first sighted the murray river in 1830 .
by this theory , the explorers from the north_east walked along the banks of the são francisco river and went on along the das velhas river .
beckwith was born in pennsylvania in 1795 and moved to indiana as a young man ; in 1819 he accompanied the first white explorers to the area where danville later existed because of his interest in the salt springs of the vermilion river .
the creek is believed to have been discovered by french explorers as early as 1615 , probably by etienne brule , a scout and interpreter for samuel de champlain .
boone signed on with the bradenton explorers , where he showed off a new pitch in his arsenal : the knuckleball .
explorers may assist paramedics when on medical calls to the level of training to which they have obtained .
in an attempt to observe the first transit of the pair , scientists and explorers from britain , austria and france travelled to destinations around the world , including siberia , norway , newfoundland and madagascar .
the first nonnative explorers entered humboldt bay in 1806 , but the region was not permanently settled by euro - americans until the 1850s , when the gold rush brought a flood of new residents .
along with residential properties , privy diggers , metal detectorists , artifact scavengers and various urban explorers are all likely to pursue permission to investigate these places as they become available .
several explorers from across europe explored the lands that became nebraska .
it was a landmark for early explorers and natives .
he succeeded in planting corn , received fresh supplies from hispaniola and spain , and got his men used to life as explorers in the new territories .
he traveled the north of the province extensively via foot , dogsled , and canoe , camping out with prospectors and explorers while documenting the extensive natural resources of the canadian north .
serving under him were three future russian explorers of prominence - fyodor litke , fyodor matyushkin , and ferdinand von wrangel .
" daily telegraph " columnist jasper rees , likening the changes in explorers ' reputations to climatic variations , suggests that " in the current antarctic weather report , scott is enjoying his first spell in the sun for twenty - five years . "
more recent series he has directed include " vandread " , " ruin explorers fam & ihrlie " , " meltylancer " , and " stratos 4 " .
there is no clear documentation of just when the concept of protecting wildlife through habitat preservation was born , but as long ago as the mid-1800s , diaries of early western explorers , pictorial records and reports from journalists and speakers familiar with the west brought a public realization that the unrestricted slaughter of wildlife for food , fashion and commerce was systematically destroying an irreplaceable national heritage .
member of the association of space explorers , american helicopter society , army aviation association , and the aircraft owners and pilots association .
the ojibwa frequently acted as guides for the european explorers .
frustrated by the interlopers , he switches the climate control to " land of the pharaohs " and is then transported to egypt ... along with the explorers .
ōtani was a fellow of the royal geographical society , and played host to several of his fellow central asian explorers , such as sven hedin and albert von le coq .
events recorded in the libraries prior to the death ( with the exception of the stone itself ) are almost identical to events occurring on earth in the explorers ' present time .
thistle opened reserve as a tribute to her late husband and preserve ' bargo brush ' plants and animals as bargo is believed to be the first areas where colonial explorers saw the lyrebird , koala and wombat .
the first documented european visit was made by french voyagers / explorers , in the early 1700s , who mapped the area and took census counts of the indigenous cities communities at that time ( with the blood run population being 10,000 people , not outnumbered in population until the 1800s by euro - american settlers , thus this area has been a thriving urban area for quite some time ) .
ua pu is the only major island that was unified under a single monarch prior to the arrival of european explorers .
the cajon pass was used by many early explorers , settlers , and traders going to places further west .
marco polo passed near the lake , and the famous explorers ferdinand von richthofen , nikolai przhevalsky , sven hedin and aurel stein visited and studied the area .
these include accounts of early explorers , such as juan rodríguez cabrillo and sebastián vizcaíno ; from late eighteenth and early nineteenth century observers , such as luis sales and josé longinos martínez ; and from twentieth century ethnographers , including peveril meigs , william d. hohenthal , and jesús ángel ochoa zazueta .
her stores were unloaded onto the ice , and came to the rescue of many arctic explorers over the next few decades .
unlike the majority of the photographic explorers , who are continually clicking away at the american west , douglas hall ’s camera is firmly rooted in the region ’s very center . “
individuals and teams of explorers arrived in edmonton and prepared for travel by foot , york boat , dog team , or horses .
a legal dispute over the rights to the treasure was resolved in july 2007 when the colombian supreme court concluded that any treasure recovered would be split equally between the colombian government and the explorers .
the video depicts the band , minus brent hinds , as explorers on a snowy mountain .
the sight of a woman and her infant son would have been a reassuring sight to native americans who might have mistaken the armed explorers as a group on a warlike mission .
after wilson 's expedition a series of expeditions followed decades later by john warby and botanist george caley(an associate of joseph banks ) , the hume brothers and later famous pioneer explorers john oxley and charles throsby .
some have called this period the " pax islamica " or " afro - asiatic age of discovery " , in reference to the muslim ( as well as jewish radhanite ) traders and explorers from southwest asia , central asia and north africa who travelled most of the old world , and established an early global economy across most of asia and africa and much of europe , with their trade networks extending from the atlantic ocean and mediterranean sea in the west to the indian ocean and china sea in the east .
buchli is an associate member of naval academy alumni , american legion , association of space explorers , and american geophysical union .
it was here that the french explorers became convinced that the coast visited by maarten gerritsz vries in the " castricum " in 1643 ( i.e. , in fact , the east coast of hokkaido and sakhalin ) was not the mainland , since they french were now at the same latitude as the dutch had been a century and a half before , but the location looked entirely different .
he appeared only in episode 7 onwards of sbs 's explorers of the human body but his injuries only allowed him to compete in some activities .
the crow , arapaho , lakota , and shoshone were but a few of the original inhabitants encountered when white explorers first entered the region .
the term " mauri " , or variations thereof , was later used by european traders and explorers of the 16th to 18th centuries to designate ethnic berber and arab groups speaking the " hassaniya " arabic dialect .
from the 1500s until 1822 , european explorers and traders had multiple names for liberia , varying by language .
the " advanced tools " section allows users to discover potential vulnerabilities with a series of software explorers .
despite the efforts of these explorers , and the presence of humans in the area since the origins of the species , the course of the didessa from its point near nekemte to its confluence with the abay apparently was only traced in 1935 by dunlop and taylor .
descriptions from early explorers and settlers give some idea of what the pine creek gorge was like before it was clearcut .
explorers william clark and his slave york , were members of the lewis and clark expedition ( 1803 - 1805 ) ; both were born near what is now ladysmith .
european incursions into what later became the yukon started in the first half of the nineteenth century with the fur trade . hudson 's bay company explorers and traders from mackenzie river trading posts
spanish explorers on the expedition of miguel lopez de legaspi first came to the island in april 1565 .
the nordics are , all over the world , a race of soldiers , sailors , adventurers , and explorers , but above all , of rulers , organizers , and aristocrats in sharp contrast to the essentially peasant character of the alpines .
the early explorers , hume and hovell in 1824 and charles sturt , later in 1828 - 9 , also used bullock teams during their explorations .
the laperouse museum contains maps , scientific instruments and relics recovered from french explorers .
stephen bishop ( 1820?–1857 ) was a mixed race slave ( freed by manumission in the year before his death ) famous for being one of the lead explorers and guides to the mammoth cave in the u.s. state of kentucky .
modern archaeologists are appalled at the damage done by early explorers and scholars but note that , in contrast to the modern focus on understanding the people and culture that created the sites , preservation was not a concern at that time .
in the company of wilderness explorers .
and some are arguably of very recent origin , most likely the work of white explorers , settlers , and/or tourists .
in the same period , european explorers of the silk road like william rubruck and marco polo increase geographical knowledge of asia in the west , in particular establishing that the caspian sea is not connected to the northern ocean .
early western contact included a battle in the 18th century between french explorers and islanders in tutuila , for which the samoans were blamed in the west , giving them a reputation for ferocity .
several journeys and explorers passed the northern coast of bass strait in the interim , but it was not until john batman journeyed from van diemen 's land in 1835 to establish a farming community at what was to become melbourne that the new colony was established .
his " letterbook of explorers ' journals " survives to this day , as a result of which western australia has an exceptionally good record of its early explorations , nearly every significant journal being extant from 1827 until roe 's retirement in 1870 .
" ceratosaurus " is also featured in " the land that time forgot " ( 1975 ) where it battles a " triceratops " , and its sequel " the people that time forgot " ( 1977 ) in which patrick wayne 's character rescues a cavegirl from two pursuing " ceratosaurus " by driving the dinosaurs off with smoke bombs ( after having failed to frighten them off by firing shots in the air once the " ceratosaurus attention had been shifted to patrick wayne 's party of explorers ) .
the history of the jews in oceania starts with early explorers , sealers and whalers .
" the great explorers " is the fourth studio album by guitarist frank gambale , released in 1993 on jvc music .
the explorers grand slam or adventurers grand slam is an adventurers challenge to reach the north pole , the south pole and all of the seven summits .
stein , as well as other contemporary explorers sven hedin , sir francis younghusband and nikolai przhevalsky , were active players in the british - russian struggle for influence in central asia , the so - called great game .
in " pokémon mystery dungeon : explorers of time and darkness " , chimchar is one of the male protagonists .
when the portuguese explorers arrived in 1500 , the amerindians were mostly semi - nomadic tribes , with the largest population living on the coast and along the banks of major rivers .
