later commentaries expanded , expounded , and critically discussed gotama 's work , the first being by vātsyāyana ( c.450–500 ce ) , followed by the " nyāyavārttika " of uddyotakāra ( c. 6th–7th century ) , vācaspati miśra 's " tātparyatīkā " ( 9th century ) , udayana 's " tātparyapariśuddhi " ( 10th century ) , and jayanta 's " nyāyamañjarī " ( 10th century ) .
also from this period dates a major work entitled the " de perenni philosophia " , dedicated to paul iii , in which he attempted to show that many of the ideas expounded by the sages , poets , and philosophers from classical antiquity were in essential harmony with the central tenets of the catholic faith .
tomkinson 's most original contribution to muggletonian belief was to adapt the theory of ' the seed of the serpent and the seed of the woman ' , which john reeve had expounded in a divine looking - glass , to produce a doctrine of predestination that avoided the perceived pessimism of calvin 's model .
kane and the undertaker feuded with one another over the following year , during which time their history vis - à - vis one another was expounded upon .
many theories have been expounded to account for its origin , including , that the houses built on the righthand side after the old railway bridge were constructed on the site of the old ' dumblies ' pig farm .
cohen has since expounded upon his former views of support for the iraq war , and his later stance against it .
we believe that the experience of a christian environment , where the virtues of love , respect , unity , and dignity are expounded , enables each one of us to accept jesus as a model and teacher and to understand the message of the gospels .
additionally , will j. french , the director of the california department of industrial relations , supported the report , to which he wrote an introduction , describing a “ third wave of filipino immigration , ” the rapidity of which he characterized as being too great ; he also implied the wrong kind of filipinos were coming in and this heavily influenced american federation of labor , which expounded upon anti - filipino sentiment in equating filipinos with the increase of “ ethnic ” labor , associated with declining field wages and increasing strikes .
on the program bey also promoted the bakery , and frequently expounded on the need for the economic self - reliance and " knowledge of self " of african - americans , whom he lectured the audience as being the " original man " , a racially - charged idea deriving from nation of islam doctrine .
religious law informed and in some cases overrode political decisions and must be explained , expounded and rigorously administered by qualified professionals , not by politicians for personal gain .
to dr. williamson , romans expounded his plan for an expedition to explore the mississippi river basin and the great lakes , then moving westward to the pacific coast .
having expounded the description of creation , it returns to the gnostic question and answer session about how to achieve salvation via gnosis , but is abruptly interrupted by a " natural history list " of the four elements , the powers of heaven and earth , and so forth .
they call it the " gospel of the hebrews " , for in truth matthew alone of the new writers expounded and declared the gospel in hebrew using hebrew script . "
wilson 's theories have been expounded , perhaps falsely , by many prominent american mayors , most notably oscar goodman in las vegas , richard riordan in los angeles , rudolph giuliani in new york city and gavin newsom in san francisco .
they called it the " gospel of the hebrews " , for only matthew expounded and declared the gospel in hebrew using hebrew letters .
in his later writings , he expounded a controversial hypothesis of azov rus , which was alleged to have been centered on sarkel and tmutarakan .
in the latter , velarde published one of his best - known essays , " novedad de la patria " , where he expounded on the ideas of his earlier poems .
in his investigation of the first bali bomb , vialls cited an opinion article in the jakarta post , indonesia 's largest english - language newspaper by circulation , written by an expatriate editor at the post , which expounded a similar theory .
further explanations of his ' cosmic identity ' were expounded in collages such as " dada milchstrasse " ( dada milky way , 1919 ) and written pieces .
the view of human nature usually expounded by anti - communist objectivists is that while an egalitarian society could be looked at as ideal , it is virtually impossible to achieve .
ceci tuera cela’ ( " this will kill that " , as he looks from a printed book to the cathedral building ) , sums up this thesis , which is expounded on in book v , chapter 2 .
with the dignity of expression and the clearness of thought and language … he expounded the law of homicide in terms which have been followed closely in nearly every murder trial from that day to this . ”
... this infallibility with which the divine redeemer willed his church to be endowed in defining doctrine of faith and morals , extends as far as the deposit of revelation extends , which must be religiously guarded and faithfully expounded .
rabbi simeon expounded on the report in that eldad and medad remained in the camp .
issue number 3 expounded declared its policy : " it is not controlled by one person , nor is it inspired by one .
he pleaded with malko to be accepted on a provisional basis , and over the years in fact became the supreme authority on manual technique , having developed a system , which he expounded in his book " the technique of conducting " .
the historical , continental rationalism expounded by rené descartes is often regarded as antithetical to empiricism , while some contemporary rationalists assert that reason is strongest when it is supported by or consistent with empirical evidence and hence relies heavily on empirical science in analyzing justifications for belief .
ben meïr 's failure was chiefly due to the intervention of saadia , whose opinion on the subject of discussion , expounded in his " sefer ha - mo'adim " written for that occasion at the request of the exilarch , became authority .
he presented a paper on the subject to the institution of civil engineers the following year and in 1841 , academic william whewell of trinity college , cambridge published his book " the mechanics of engineering " in which he expounded the virtues of building skew bridges with equilibrated courses , but due to the poor complexity to benefit ratio , there have been few other adopters .
his greatness as a fighter was expounded by the fact that he fought in an era when there were only 8 divisions with eight world champions compared to today 's 17 divisions and more or less 70 world champions .
her talent for writing is expounded on in the series finale , when we are shown that ginger has become a successful author later in life .
the irrationality of the conflict in lebanon is expounded upon .
alexander hamilton , for example , mentioned and expounded upon the doctrine in federalist no .
that i expounded a three - vehicle law .
in 1979 hütt published a monographic overview entitled " philosophical problems of physics in soviet estonia in 30 years 1948–1978 " , where he expounded his philosophical ideas about the complementarity and objectivity in physical knowledge .
( the latter parallels the essay written by dante in " latin " in which he expounded the virtues of the vernacular " italian " . )
the philosophical school of stoicism takes its name having first been expounded here , having derived from the word " stoa " .
the early medieval " acta " of either saint valentine were expounded briefly in " legenda aurea " .
his doctrines are mostly expounded in short detached essays , in comments on the writings of boehme and saint martin , or in his extensive correspondence and journals .
the initial theme is expounded upon and changes to many different keys .
to advanee his candidature , lucas in 1748 - 9 published twenty political addresses to his fellow - citizens , explaining his views on the constitution , reflecting severely on the corruption prevailing in the house of commons , and advocating the principles expounded by molyneux in favour of parliamentary independence .
in keeping with the theonomic principle , it seeks to establish laws and structures that will best instantiate the ethical principles of the bible , including the old testament as expounded in the case laws and summarized in the decalogue .
his huge " opus de theologicis disciplinis " expounded not the private views of a theologian , but those of the augustinian order and therefore had a semi - official status in the catholic church .
apart from its importance as a traditional talmudic commentary , " dor revi'i " is also noteworthy because of the philosophy of the oral law that is expounded in the introduction ( haqdamah ) to the work .
" vaishnavism is expounded in a part of the mahabharata known as the bhagavad gita , which contains a dialogue between krishna and arjuna .
" the principle expounded here corresponds to the concept of brahman laid out in the upanishads .
in a continuous sequence , broken only toward the end , the biblical text is expounded , verse for verse , often word for word .
" bastiat 's " rule " was later expounded and developed by henry hazlitt in his work " economics in one lesson , " in which hazlitt borrowed bastiat 's trenchant " broken window fallacy " and went on to demonstrate how it applies to a wide variety of economic falsehoods .
rabbis expounded on and debated the tanakh , the hebrew bible , without the benefit of written works ( other than the biblical books themselves ) , though some may have made private notes ( ' ) , for example of court decisions .
they insisted on the purity of family life and cultivation of proper domestic relations and virtues , a way of life and philosophy that are reflected in the basic doctrine of bhagvadgita expounded at kurukshetra .
sensing their sincerity and aspiration to learn , the old monk briefly expounded the essence of buddhism for them .
he further expounded this thesis in a 1925 article on motets of the medieval period , in which he proposed that such works had not been designed for the enjoyment of listeners , but with only their devotional purpose in mind ; this purpose would only be fulfilled through participation , whether performance or prayer .
oakland was chosen because it had greater diversity than nearby palo alto and terman needed diversity to work on the racial views expounded in his book , measurement of intelligence , published in 1916 , which asserted that northern european whites were the most intelligent .
it was he who expounded the concept in christian prayer of the inseparability of the spiritual life from the physical life .
they even went to the extent of supporting his theory , expounded in 1835 , “ i am quite ready to take oriental learning at the valuation of orientalists themselves .
in order for this dominion pursuit to be realized , the five - fold ministry expounded in eph.4:11 ( apostles , prophets , evangelists , pastors , and teachers ) needed to be commissioned by the church at large and given room to exercise their spiritual gifts and authority in the church of jesus christ .
john beverley robinson wrote an essay called " egoism " in which he states that " modern egoism , as propounded by stirner and nietzsche , and expounded by ibsen , shaw and others , is all these ; but it is more .
the ideogrammic method was a technique expounded by ezra pound which allowed poetry to deal with abstract content through concrete images .
andré boisclair expounded a debt reduction plan and spoke of free higher education provided by the state .
campbell began preaching in may 1974 , and preached his first sermon on bible prophecy on 24 september 1978 ( he expounded on ezekiel 38 , interpreting it as a prediction of a future invasion of ireland by russia ) , and was baptised by full immersion in 1979 ( although he had already been baptised by sprinkling as an infant ) .
further criticisms of the cognitive effects of powerpoint have been expounded by others , for example , edward tufte ( 2006 ) and kalyuga et al .
during 1944 - 1947 he composed various scientific organizations and held many conferences where he expounded upon his theories .
yaqūb followed the indian planetary model expounded in aryabhata 's " aryabhatiya " ( 499 ) , where the heavenly bodies move in elliptic orbits , hence yaqūb gave his estimates for their distances in terms of their greatest , medium and closest distances .
. 1016 ) he wrote a lengthy work which , although not strictly homiletic , summarizes many of the favorite points he had hitherto expounded upon in his homilies .
he expounded on the fact that the low economic status of the city manifested itself in many ways , among them unwanted and unloved children and countless vacant houses .
during the awards ceremony for the 2007 national book awards , judge elizabeth partridge expounded on the distinction between elfpunk and urban fantasy , citing fellow judge scott westerfeld 's thoughts on the works of holly black who is considered " classic elfpunk — there 's enough creatures already , and she 's using them .
nietzsche also read harald høffding ’s " psychologie in umrissen auf grundlage der erfahrung ( ed . 1887 ) " which expounded and critiqued kierkegaard ’s psychology .
gampopa and tsongkhapa expounded the short root - text of atisha into an extensive system to understand the entire buddhist philosophy .
uriah smith ( 1832 - 1903 ) , long - time editor of the " review and herald " ( now " adventist review " ) , the official organ of the seventh - day adventist church , had expounded this position in his discourse on the book of revelation first published in 1865 .
economists as diverse as adam smith , john stuart mill and stanley jevons noticed a long - run empirical trend for the internal rate of return on capital invested to produce industrial products to decline , but the hypothesis was most famously expounded by karl marx in chapter 13 of das kapital vol .
vajrayana claims that its teachings were first expounded by the buddha 16 years after his enlightenment .
the last section begins with a verse from joshua ( 6:26 ) , which is then expounded by means of a quotation from the psalms of joshua ( see 4q379 ) .
he ran a dance hall in effrinagh where he arranged free events where he expounded his political views .
in later decisions , the courts have expounded on the principles and policies underlying the act of state doctrine .
for the next two years he expounded holy scripture at reims .
( in his august 1856 letter to bishop elliott , he expounded on the secessionist motives for his university . )
this was also a concept expounded in the " the endless summer 2 " ( 1994 ) which sees two talented surfers go round the world to emulate the original film bruce brown 's the endless summer .
following the rise of political literature during the war of independence , venezuelan romanticism , notably expounded by juan vicente gonzález , emerged as the first important genre in the region .
shortly after reading gregory s. paul 's " predatory dinosaurs of the world " , olshevsky realized that the arguments expounded there for the secondarily flightlessness of the maniraptora might well be adapted to argue for the same condition in all theropoda , indeed in all dinosauria .
critics of the books have criticised koolhaas for being cynical - as if western capitalism and globalization demolish all cultural identity - highlighted in the notion expounded in the books that " in the end , there will be little else for us to do but shop " .
it was reasserted by doyle , furey and flowers , writing in 2005 , that the central messages expounded by rose remain highly relevant to modern public health policy and practice .
" there were also comments about the novel 's use of brand names : " school library journal " said that it " has trendy references kids will love " ; " booklist " expounded more on the subject , saying that the novel goes into " too much detail about how the superwealthy live " but added that it " has fun with the tyranny of brand names " - although they also cautioned that " the very specifics that teens will recognize will be ' so out ' before the year is over . "
it is firmly based on the traditional eight limbs of yoga as expounded by patanjali in his yoga sutras , emphasizing the development of strength , stamina , flexibility and balance , as well as concentration ( dharana ) and meditation ( dhyana ) .
therein he expounded , " surrealism will at least have served to give experimental proof that total sterility and attempts at automatizations have gone too far and have led to a totalitarian system ....
he has expounded the " versailles thesis " laying the blame for the great wars of the 20th century on intrigues by britain to retain her dominance .
the earliest extant chinese illustration of ' pascal 's triangle ' is from yang 's book " xiangjie jiuzhang suanfa " ( 详解九章算法 ) of 1261 ad , in which yang acknowledged that his method of finding square roots and cubic roots using " yang hui 's triangle " was invented by mathematician jia xian who expounded it around 1100 ad , about 500 years before pascal .
he got abodes excavated for the recluse , instructions inscribed for officials , expounded the main principles of ' dandaniti ' for the public , provided special status to his new kingdom including the stupas at dhauli .
the issue of incompatibility was expounded in the 1995 case of " grollo v palmer " , which concerned new provisions in the same telecommunications legislation that had been considered in " hilton v wells " .
this conception cardoso expounded in nearly all his writings : that the true god is not the " en - sof , " but the " keter ' elyon " , the first being a passive power which has no connection with the world .
ford has expounded the " apotelesmatic principle " – that there can be multiple fulfillments of prophecy .
eating plants grown in such soil would then help humans stay healthier , he expounded .
breyer expounded on his judicial philosophy in 2005 in ' .
rather , judge willis said , sovereignty was actually acquired under the principle expounded by vattel in his " the law of nations " , referred to by both the prosecution and the defence , that a ' civilised ' people may take possession of territory occupied by ' uncivilised ' people , provided they leave for them sufficient land for their sustenance .
as expounded by ciborra , bricolage can be seen as the constant re - ordering of people and resources , the constant " trying out " and experimentation that is the true hallmark of organisational change .
the first is a french beaker and cover in silver gilt ; past estimates on its dating from 1460–70 are thought mistaken , and circa 1350 , with later decoration , was later expounded .
he expounded to them some drastic reform measures , such as the abolition of serfdom , the promotion of religious toleration , and the development of industrial enterprises .
under the editorship of robert bartley , it expounded at length on such economic concepts such as the laffer curve and how a decrease in certain marginal tax rates and the capital gains tax can increase overall tax revenue by generating more economic activity .
the intricate nuances of the jaipur atrauuli gayaki are expounded with purity and patience .
to prove the utility of srutis in music , bharata muni while explaining shadja grama and madhyam grama in chapter 28 and 30 of bharat natya shastra expounded the sarana chatushtai – the only experiment according to bharata to obtain the correct physical configuration of śruti swara arrangement to shadja grama notes on any musical instrument ( sa , re , ga , ma , pa , dha , ni sa , corresponding to 4 - 3 - 2 - 4 - 4 - 3 - 2 totalling 22 srutis in a saptak ) .
one tradition , expounded by " keraliya shankaravijaya " , places his place of death as vadakkunnathan temple in thrissur , kerala .
the kakatis were writers of official documents , and the dolais expounded astrology and determined auspicious time and dates for any important event and undertaking .
belichick also expounded on the process that went into using the videotapes , explaining how adams was sometimes able to glean information from them , but the signals were only part of a " mosaic " of other elements of game planning and preparation .
the approach expounded in ega , as these books are known , transformed the field and led to monumental advances .
in addition to other evidence , the prosecution cited a song celebrating the abolition of monarchy and the regaining of independence in 1959 - 1961 : a rwandan expert in the trial later expounded that the latter song could not have been addressed to the rwandan nation as a whole , because the tutsis were associated with the rwandan monarchy and colonial regime , and that it was impossible to hate the monarchy without hating the tutsis .
the coincidence of guevara 's views with those expounded by the chinese communist leadership was increasingly problematic for cuba as the nation 's economy became more and more dependent on the soviet union .
american communist organizer james p. cannon in his 1942 book " history of american trotskyism " wrote that " trotskyism is not a new movement , a new doctrine , but the restoration , the revival of genuine marxism as it was expounded and practiced in the russian revolution and in the early days of the communist international . "
he expounded his political creed and his policy as minister to charles albert ( from february 1835 to october 1847 ) in his " memorandum storico - politico " , published in 1851 , a document of great interest for the study of the conditions of piedmont and italy at that time .
critic and dickinson scholar cristanne miller further expounded on similarities between dickinson and fulton : " like dickinson , fulton crosses the boundaries of popular and highly experimental genres of poetry writing ...
february 1878 - the national ( greenback - labor ) party platform expounded at the party 's first convention at toledo , ohio declared that reform of the monetary system was necessary in order to " secure to the producers of wealth the results of their labor and skill , and muster out of service the vast army of idlers who , under the existing system , grow rich upon the earnings of others , that every man and woman may , by their own efforts , secure a competence , so that overgrown fortunes and extreme poverty will seldom be found within the limits of our republic . "
ideologically , 19th century catholic missionaries in vietnam taught their vietnamese converts the doctrines expounded by 17th century missionary alexandre de rhodes in his seminal bilingual latin - vietnamese catechism .
it was first proposed by ludwig von mises in 1920 and later expounded by friedrich hayek .
the purpose of this congregation shall be to provide pastoral care for its members , to teach the word of god and administer the sacraments , to preserve the purity of christian doctrine as expounded in the lutheran confessions , to exercise christian love and fellowship , to provide for the christian training of youth and adults , and to extend the kingdom of god in the world at large .
this important contribution to the evolution of the guitar is expounded in his didactic series ( the " cuadernos " ) , " escuela de la guitarra exposición de la teoría instrumental " ( school of guitar exposition of instrumental theory ) as well as in the " carlevaro masterclass " series .
the old testament outlines a proposal for a green belt around the levite towns in the land of israel moses maimonides expounded that the greenbelt plan from the old testament referred to all towns in ancient israel .
the next part of the declaration details the purpose of the commonwealth , and the activities in which it ought to engage to further the values expounded .
plato 's own articulation of the realism regarding the existence of universals is expounded in his " the republic " and elsewhere , notably in the " phaedo " , the " phaedrus " , the " meno " , and the " parmenides " .
at the time , the two major political parties that were popular amongst iraqi youth were the iraqi communist party and the ba'ath party , both of which expounded socialist principles relating to the redistribution of wealth and the eradication of the old social classes that dominated iraqi society at the time , and both of which were violently opposed to continued british domination of the iraqi ruling class .
in addition , many protestant " contras " state that the teaching of apostolic succession did not arise until 170 - 200 a.d. others would differ , pointing out that the doctrine is mentioned and expounded upon by st. ignatius of antioch , a disciple of john , and clement of rome , a disciple of paul .
following the rise of political literature during the war of independence , venezuelan romanticism , notably expounded by juan vicente gonzález , emerged as the first important genre in the region .
long before these later upanisads , however , leaders of sramanic philosophers had expounded soteriological techniques in which eradication of all evils and imperfections was considered sine qua non for ultimate release .
the russo - turkish war , 1877 - 78 is usually considered a high point of this militant slavophilism , as expounded by the charismatic commander mikhail skobelev .
through the grace of a spiritual teacher when a seeker gains a clear and direct experience of the supreme self as expounded in the scriptures , he , the realised , becomes free from all ‘ ignorance’ , which is the foundation for the entire experience of this world of plurality . ”
the ariosophic writings described a glorious ancient germanic past , in which an elitist priesthood " expounded occult - racist doctrines and ruled over a superior and racially pure society . "
over the next two decades he designed a series of houses throughout germany , drawing upon and cementing the principles and practices expounded in his famous book .
often , he met with his classmates like mariano ponce , numeriano adriano , pedro serrano laktaw , and apolinario mabini in his binondo house , and expounded on the need to peacefully fight spanish tyranny .
balfour believed that laozi was an amalgam of wise ministers , or perhaps a literary device which chuang tzu used , as he expounded on his philosophy to students ; very similar to the academic debate over the greek philosopher socrates .
he directly addressed himself to trade - unions in " stratégie ouvrière et néocapitalisme " ( le seuil , 1964 ) , where he criticized capitalist economic growth and expounded on the various strategies opened to trade - unions .
freire expounded the belief that teaching is a political act that is never neutral .
according to masonic writers the order of the rose cross is expounded in a major christian literary work that molded the subsequent spiritual views of the western civilization , " the divine comedy " ( ca .
while predominantly expounded by shī‘ī thinkers , sunni muslims such as barelvis and sufis share similar beliefs .
the novel expounded upon her abolitionist views and was extraordinarily influential in condemning slavery in the united states .
although similar in spirit and influence to oi ! ( particularly in the earlier stages ) , hardcore expounded itself in an american middle class ( rather than working class ) fashion as its influences spread .
in this work he expounded his jacobite political principles and attacked the whiggish and dissenting views of john tutchin 's " observator " ( founded 1702 ) and daniel defoe 's " review " ( 1704 - 13 ) .
this was later confirmed by the us supreme court in a 1908 case which also expounded on the compact .
beginning with a biblical text , arama constructs his sermon along the lines of some saying of the haggadah , the connection of which with the text is expounded by means of a philosophic disquisition , popularly told , and interspersed with specifically rabbinical interpretations ; each sermon thus satisfied the lovers of philosophy as well as of the talmud .
the dissenting elder and the other members of the local court with whom the elder disputed went to the court at the entrance to the temple mount , and the elder stated what the elder and the elder ’s colleagues expounded .
nikolay yakovlevich danilevsky ( 28 november 1822 – 7 november 1885 ) was a russian naturalist , economist , ethnologist , philosopher , historian , and ideologue of the pan - slavism and slavophile movement who expounded a view of world history as circular .
by then , the editorial line supported guild socialism , expounded in articles by g. d. h. cole and s. g. hobson among others .
between 1973 and 1974 , gong , now augmented by guitarist steve hillage , released their best - known work , the " radio gnome trilogy " , three records that expounded upon the ( previously only hinted at ) gong mythology , " flying teapot " , " angel 's egg " , and " you " .
these have been expounded by commentaries of various torah scholars during the ages .
the third element in arama 's mental composition was kabalah as expounded in the zohar , which he believed to have been written by simeon bar yohai .
this work was followed in 1883 by " socialism made plain , " which expounded the policies of the sdf .
he had deep - seated convictions on some matters : he was an anti - feminist , loathed fox hunting and any other destruction of wildlife , had an abiding abhorrence of evolution as expounded in charles darwin 's " origin of species " and a fervent dislike of thomas huxley whom he saw as an enthusiastic vivisectionist .
the idea of municipal autonomy was expounded and elaborated on by rosario - born politician lisandro de la torre in the first years of the 20th century , and incorporated into the argentine constitution as part of the 1994 reform .
reuchlin 's mystico - cabbalistic ideas and objects were expounded in the " de verbo mirifico " , and finally in the " de arte cabbalistica " ( 1517 ) .
several theories about them have been expounded , and scholarly debate continues to put forward both conflicting and compelling arguments .
in " vorschule der aesthetik " ( 1804 ) he expounded his ideas on art ; he discussed the principles of education in " levana , oder erziehungslehre " ( 1807 ) ; and the opinions suggested by current events he set forth in " friedenspredigt " ( 1808 ) , " dämmerungen für deutschland " ( 1809 ) , " mars und phöbus thronwechsel i m jahre 1814 " ( 1814 ) , and " politische fastenpredigten " ( 1817 ) .
mike gravel expounded upon the shortcomings of representational government , concluding with , "
his success was considerable , and the various manuals in which he practically expounded his views went through numerous editions .
murchie also expounded on the properties of mind .
to that end , his work necessitated a closer interpretation of the literary text in and of itself and provided what seems a historical opening to the work done in english education and composition [ flower & hayes ] as they engage empirical studies . connected with this effort were his seminal theories of metaphor , value , tone , stock response , incipient action , pseudo - statement , and ambiguity , the latter as expounded by william empson , his former graduate student .
in the preface to the first volume he regrets that except for alfred 's translations , englishmen had no means of learning the true doctrine as expounded by the latin fathers .
the word 's secular usage may owe some of its popularity to james joyce , who expounded on its meaning in the fragment " stephen hero " and the novel " a portrait of the artist as a young man " ( 1916 ) .
it struck me that aimé guibert and jean - pierre jullien both expounded the truths of terroir .
he wrote inspiration and style ( " la inspiración y el estilo " ) , an essay where he expounded his strong beliefs on art and literature , an art that is fundamentally about style more than about telling stories or making arguments .
such rice models were expounded on by the tang dynasty ( 618–907 ) author jiang fang in his " essay on the art of constructing mountains with rice " ( c. 845 ad ) .
many of the elements of this are found in other ballads : the riddles from " riddles wisely expounded " , the suitor who proves to be a brother in " the bonnie banks o fordie " , the lover who returns as a ghost and must forbid the beloved from following him , as in " the unquiet grave " .
missler expounded on this argument in the film " a question of origins " .
in the latter " he combined within himself lithuanian profound understanding of halacha with the slabodka musar expounded by the illustrious alter , rabbi nosson tzvi finkel . "
the very popular ten - volume book series , alfred brehem ’s " thierleben " ( life of animals , 1876–1879 ) expounded on many zoological topics , including arthropods .
his writings cover the breadth of sociology ; his controversial theories of social process and of the historical typology of cultures are expounded in " social and cultural dynamics " ( 4 vol .
" the principle expounded here corresponds to the concept of brahman laid out in the upanishads .
tanin'iver is evil cosmic entity expounded in the kabbalistic teachings of moses cordovero and subsequent writings based on his system .
his thought is related to the ideas of oswald spengler and arnold j. toynbee , who also stated theories on the cyclical character of civilizations , but without reaching the more exact , mathematical measure expounded by deulofeu .
the protestant youth for nearly forty years thronged his lecture - room to hear his theological lectures , in which he expounded the purest calvinistic orthodoxy .
augustine 's concept of original sin was expounded in his works against the pelagians .
epiphanius confirms that there was only one hebrew gospel : " they call it the " gospel of the hebrews " for , in truth , matthew alone in the new covenant expounded and declared the gospel in hebrew using hebrew script . "
these included a renewed attack on archbishop albrecht of mainz , whom he shamed into halting the sale of indulgences in his episcopates , and a " refutation of the argument of latomus , " in which he expounded the principle of justification to jacobus latomus , an orthodox theologian from louvain .
the modern concept of a separate civil government was relatively unknown until expounded upon by roger williams , a christian minister , in " the bloudy tenent of persecution " ( 1644 ) shortly after he founded the american colony of rhode island and providence plantations in 1636 .
at his investiture with the sacred thread , at the age of seven , he is said to have expounded the vedas with great clarity .
their decisions , along with the consequences to themselves and their families , are used to emphasize the importance of following duty , as krishna expounded .
interestingly , no offshore jurisdiction yet appears to have made a serious effort to expand upon the flexibility of discretionary trusts in relation to certainty of objects , as expounded in " mcphail v doulton " .
two years later , he expounded on his first report , including an analysis on the miscalculation of the burden costs of a majority of the weapon systems and re - titled it " defense facts of life : the plans / reality mismatch " , which later became simply known as the " spinney report " .
riddles wisely expounded ( child 1 ) has a similar character .
the concept of universal intelligence was first expounded upon by dd palmer in his 1910 book , " the chiropractor 's adjuster : "
another small schism occurred wherein many students left the organization because they disagreed with the channelings of louis spiegel , particularly one which referenced that it was time for " uriel " to return to the inner and seemed in complete opposition to previously expounded unariun principle , wherein " brothers " " never " engaged in interfering with or predicting future human activities .
international militancy is a protest against " reformism " and the deviation from the revolutionary socialism as expounded by marx .
he expounded on the virtues of " true suffrage , " but removed 13 willful governors - including 4 of the ucr 's own .
while the former three have been expounded on in the series , the ylla are only mentioned in this piece of lore and have yet to be seen .
they are not expounded by irenaeus , tertullian , hippolytus , lactantius , cyprian , jerome , or augustine , even though these were the most prolific eschatological commentators among the early fathers ( it is uncertain , but it seems victorinus interpreted them as literal days ) .
leading figures of the movement such as basava , akka mahadevi and allama prabhu established the anubhava mantapa where the philosophy of " shakti vishishtadvaita " was expounded .
trying in vain to get sponsorship and battling creative inertia in stockholm stood in the way of progress just about as much in 2002 as when lars jacob expounded on the subjects in a major article for a cultural employment magazine 8 years earlier .
goparaju ramachandra rao , better known as " gora " , expounded the term " positive atheism " in his book " positive atheism " ( 1972 ) .
european commission president jose manuel barroso , also speaking at monday 's press conference , expounded the joint action plan on adjustments of eu 's strategic partnership with india , saying the two sides will strengthen cooperation on world peace and safety , sustainable development , cooperation in science and technology and cultural exchanges .
there he became an adherent of thomas cartwright , and publicly expounded his presbyterian views , with the result that he was obliged to leave cambridge without taking his degree .
philosopher jean jacques rousseau expounded a philosophy of human freedom and a return to nature .
furthermore in " fable ii " , it had been made more common for homosexuals to be seen in towns , and marriages and relationships were expounded upon , including the choice to be a female and marry a male villager and have a child , or marry a female villager .
several months later , ervil lebaron published a pamphlet titled " priesthood expounded " , which became a foundational text for the church .
much of the seder hishtalshelus has been expounded upon by late chassidic masters , especially those of chabad .
his dissertation was about the tenetehara indians of northern brazil and in it gomes expounded how this indigenous people had managed to survive almost 400 hundred years of relations with western society .
his ability to capture the attention of a congregation was legendary as he expounded the teachings of the bible with clarity and exuberance .
on april 28 , 1253 , he expounded " nam myōhō renge kyō " for the first time , marking his " sho tempōrin " ( 初転法輪 : " first turning the wheel of the law " ) .
the art critic clement greenberg expounded this theory of modernism in his essay " avant - garde and kitsch " .
unlike the gnostics , however , he founded his beliefs not on secret knowledge ( gnosis ) but on the vast difference between what he saw as the " evil " deity of the " old testament " and the god of love of the " new testament " , on which he expounded in his " antithesis " .
this was also expounded by ludwig feuerbach in his book " the essence of christianity " .
he is not to be confused with the fourteenth - century john of cornwall who expounded latin at his grammar school in english instead of french .
cohen 's original technique , now called ramified forcing , is slightly different from the unramified forcing expounded here .
rebt is one form of cognitive behavior therapy ( cbt ) and was first expounded by ellis in the mid-1950s ; development continued until his death in 2007 .
in 1977 , hayward wrote " haywire " , a childhood memoir that expounded on her family , the mental breakdown of her brother , and her own personal demons .
he published letters in which he expounded on his recently adopted pantheist philosophy , denying any god other than nature as well as jesus christ 's divinity .
they call it the " gospel of the hebrews " , for in truth , matthew alone of the new covenant writers expounded and declared the gospel in hebrew using hebrew script . "
the purpose of this was to place knowledge within general framework that could be added to or expounded upon of necessary .
mljet has been regarded as the " melita " on which saint paul was shipwrecked ( acts of the apostles 27.39 - 28.11 ) , this view being first expounded in the 10th century , by eastern roman emperor constantine porphyrogenitus .
halliday 's philosophy is non - dualist , as in the hindu concept of advaita , expounded by adi shankara and other advaitin philosophers .
the term " rāja yoga " is a retronym , introduced in the 15th - century hatha yoga pradipika to distinguish the school based on the yoga sutras of patanjali from the more current school of hatha yoga expounded by yogi swatmarama .
they often included mention of many different aspects of the deity whom they addressed , and expounded on his or her nature and mythological function .
in this work are expounded both the theoretical and the devotional or meditative kabbalah based on the zohar .
the doctrine was developed by ignatius of antioch ( and others ) in the face of gnosticism , expounded by others such as irenaeus , tertullian , cyprian , ambrose , and augustine , and by the end of the second century ad was universally accepted by the bishops .
riddles wisely expounded " .
it has its origins in the speculations of the eighth - century islamic alchemist , jabir ibn hayyan ( 721 - 815 ) , known in europe as " geber " , but was expounded in a predominant manner by the 13th - century pseudo - geber .
he was of special assistance to general władysław sikorski , to whom he expounded the advantages of the river wkra .
theodore " expounded scripture in all the churches of the east , " says john of antioch ( ibid .
some critics , like william chaloupka ( author of knowing nukes : the politics and culture of the atom ) , advocate a " nuclear criticism " movement based on deconstructionist principles expounded by jacques derrida .
definitely characterized as they are in their beginning by these introductions , the sections of genesis rabba have no formal ending , although several show a transition to the biblical passage that is expounded in the following section .
gottlob frege was the first to apply it , when he expounded an epistemological and metaphysical theory contrary to that of immanuel kant .
these aeonic pairs comprise the fullness of godhead ( pleroma ) , and the first eight aeons that have been expounded here are the valentinian ogdoad .
under the influence of origen of alexandria theognostus expounded on the trinity , divine redemption and the afterlife .
the ancient greek philosophers plato and pyrrho as well as roman philosopher sextus empiricus are among those who expounded theories of radical skepticism .
however , kaunda ’s newly expounded philosophical outlook ran headlong into the theological outlook of the churches of the efz that were being heavily influenced by the new missionary movement from the united states .
this gentile expounded by how humans think in forms wherein one side of a dual opposite could not be thought of without its complement .
malthus ' criticism of ricardian rent does not in malthus ' book on rent touch on this problem of ricardian over - investment as expounded by malthus ( the general glut controversy ) ; rather , in his later works , malthus does so .
he expounded a specialist and political - performing activity with a wide circle .
they call it the " gospel of the hebrews " , for in truth , matthew alone of the new covenant writers expounded and declared the gospel in hebrew using hebrew script . "
the australian league of rights is a minor far right political organisation in australia founded by eric butler with its basis in the economic theory of social credit expounded by c. h. douglas .
the views expounded by machiavelli in " the prince " may seem extreme even for the time period in which they were written .
her views on this matter are expounded upon in her work " sex , class , and culture " .
this he expounded by quoting thomas pitt , writing in 1740 , who considered that " ... there are few [ cornish ] boroughs where the common sort of people do not think they have as much right to sell themselves and their votes , as they have tio sell their corn and their cattle .
there he became convinced that it was only through the house of savoy that italy could be liberated , and he expounded his views in cavour 's paper " il risorgimento " , in " la frusta " and " il piemonte " , of which latter he was at one time editor .
with his accustomed fervor , energy and eloquence he expounded the single tax doctrine as the universal and fundamental remedy for poverty .
these and many more besides are points of spiritual theology that have been spoken by the saints and expounded in books for spiritual guidance .
the soviet union also officially maintained this marxist - leninist interpretation under stalin , who expounded lenin 's critique of antisemitism .
her character is not explained or expounded upon at all , appearing only briefly at the end of " reloaded " and the beginning of " revolutions " .
it expounded left - wing policies , with perceived weak leadership provided by michael foot , who was routinely ridiculed by the national press .
in january 2004 , the spiritual leader of the druze community in israel , sheikh mowafak tarif , signed a declaration calling on all non - jews in israel to observe the noahide laws as laid down in the talmud and expounded upon in jewish tradition .
a second influential book , " design and analysis of experiments in psychology and education " ( 1953 ) , expounded on the ideas mentioned in his first book , cementing his authority as an expert on educational research .
in explaining the message of the quran , almighty god 's final revealed book , brought and perfectly expounded by his final prophet , muhammad , and islam , the complete and perfected religion for mankind ,
the original book by jia xian titled " shi suo suan shu " was lost , however jia 's method was expounded in detail by yang hui , who explicitly acknowledged that " my method of finding square and cubic root was based on jia xian method in shi suo suan shu . "
immersed in the role of haruhi , she expounded passionately on " otaku studies " in a disrespectful tone , bewildering her student , akiko wada , from start to finish .
in a theme discussed in " commentary " and greatly expounded upon in his book , fumento described various agendas served by promoting " aids hysteria " .
polemics , and the view expounded in it that the protestant reformation was nothing but an incidental jealousy between the dominican and augustinian orders had a wide circulation .
they call it the " gospel according to the hebrews " , for in truth matthew alone in the new testament expounded
he expounded kant 's philosophy , but with a special purpose — to turn people 's minds toward learning ; and , in learning , to break with enlightenment philosophy , which he condemned for dogmatic unbelief and morally damaging hedonism .
the being was mentioned in passing in sonnet xx ( " night - gaunts " ) of h.p. lovecraft 's sonnet cycle " fungi from yuggoth " , written in 1929 - 30 , and were expounded upon in his novella " at the mountains of madness " ( 1931 ) .
maimonides likewise expounded the writings of the prophets , because joseph seemed perplexed as to the possibility of reconciling the teachings of the prophets with the results of metaphysical research .
he was a great friend of vasudeva krishna , to whom he expounded the famous philosophy known as the bhagavat gita , during the kurukshetra war .
and you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your might , ” from for the reason that rabbi simeon ben lakish expounded when he explained what happened in that verse reports , “
prior to prahevajra , the nyingma hold that the dzogchen teachings had been expounded only in celestial realms and the ' pure lands ' ( sanskrit : śuddhanivāsa ) of the buddhas , devas and nāgas .
origen as a layman expounded the scriptures , but it was by special permission .
in march 1762 , at the inauguration of the chair of mathematics at the colegio del rosario , he expounded the principles of the copernican system and of the experimental method of science , leading to a confrontation with the church .
english historian geoffrey elton has called this act an " essential ingredient " of the " tudor revolution " in that it expounded a theory of national sovereignty .
but before calvin expounded on this doctrine , he described the special situation of the jews who lived during the time of the old testament .
long - waves date back to nikolai kondratieff , the russian economist whose name now represents the cycles that he expounded on , that is the kondratieff waves .
if not , the litigants and the judges went to the second court , at the entrance of the temple court , and the elder once again declared what the elder and the elder ’s colleagues expounded .
the english constitutional theory as expounded by a.v. dicey does not recognise a separate system of administrative courts that would review the decisions of public bodies ( as in france , germany and many other european countries ) .
baron von reichenbach expounded the concept of odic force in detail in a book - length article , " researches on magnetism , electricity , heat and light in their relations to vital forces " , which anomalously appeared in a special issue of a respected scientific journal , " annalen der chemie und physik " .
