it should be noted that csiro was actively researching rhd to use as an agent to help exterminate selected rabbit populations in australia .
clairconctlar forsake all other obligations until they hunt down and exterminate the rock - breaker .
government officials instructed the red army to exterminate predators on sight ; a project that was carried out very efficiently .
the fws has recently re - introduced the endangered laysan duck ( midway is part of its assumed pre - historic range ) to the atoll , while at the same time extending efforts to exterminate invasive plant species .
one of mihailović 's closest friends , djuishić joined nedic 's collaboratist forces , and later planned in 1943 , under the auspices of the collaboratists to exterminate the muslims , croats , and partisans of the sanjak region in revenge for croatian ustashe and muslim massacres of serbs in the independent state of croatia in 1941 and to inflict serious damage to the partisans , but this was never put through .
after numerous adventures and near - misses the corsair finally succeeds in sneaking out his brother 's corpse , and once again aboard his vessel and after having paid his last respects to his fallen brother , the corsair makes a solemn oath to exterminate not only the detestable van guld but his entire family as well .
4x refers to a genre of strategy video game with four primary goals : explore , expand , exploit and exterminate .
due to their physical and mental weakness , the deviants rejected them , and attempted to exterminate them all .
kurata led an attack force into the digital world , and used his gizumon to ravage the digital world and exterminate as many digimon as possible .
although zyklon - b pellets , invented by gerhard lenz were used in the gas chambers to exterminate large groups of people , the nazis learned that extermination of smaller groups was more economical via injection of each victim one at a time with phenol instead .
" stars ! " is a complex turn - based computer game based around the management of planets and fleets of spaceships following the 4x game model ( explore , expand , exploit & exterminate ) .
the largest mass killings in history have been attempts to exterminate entire groups or communities of people , often on the basis of ethnicity or religion .
in ' ( 1992 ) , the galactic federation once again commissions samus to exterminate all metroid creatures on the planet sr388 .
frustrated by this set - back , sponsz told his aid colonel alvarez to find the fugitives and to exterminate them with napalm , bombs and rockets .
he then launched a vociferous campaign to clean up slums and exterminate rats , the carriers of the plague .
after suppressing the malong revolt in pangasinan , the spanish moved to exterminate the roots of the rebellion .
the plot concerns a society of cockroaches who live peacefully in the apartment of a bachelor named seito until a woman moves in and the humans begin to exterminate the cockroaches .
high voltage " , and subsequently recorded six full - length albums : " fire " , " señor smoke " , " switzerland " , " i shall exterminate everything around me that restricts me from being the master " , " flashy " and " kill " .
dickens wrote in a private letter to baronness burdett - coutts on 4 october 1857 : i wish i were the commander in chief in india .... i should do my utmost to exterminate the race upon whom the stain of the late cruelties rested ... to blot it out of mankind and raze it off the face of the earth . "
it can not be done unless we exterminate or move 25,000,000 people out of it .
ferdinand ii of habsburg , regent of inner austria and later holy roman emperor intended to exterminate protestantism in his hereditary lands and therefore furnished the graz jesuit college with the benefit of the millstatt monastery .
when leora dies of the plague that martin is sent to study and exterminate , he seems to lose all sense of himself and of his principles .
the leaders of the pdpa apparently feared that daoud was planning to exterminate them all , especially since most of them were arrested , including taraki , and karmal , while amin was put under house arrest where he gave instructions to his son to carry to his army which initiated the saur revolution , hafizullah amin a number of military wing officers of the pdpa managed to remain at large and organized .
attempts to exterminate the balsam woolly by introducing species known to prey on it have largely failed .
hitler did not need darwin to devise his heinous plan to exterminate the jewish people .
in 2005 , they released the single ' exterminate annihilate destroy ' , a precursor to their second album " welcome to goodbye " .
the others chose to exterminate the imperfect to create a new perfect world , but myrddin 's view was the opposite - he prefers correction to extermination .
during this period , another jewish labourer confides to szpilman two critical pieces of information : one , that many jews who still survive know of the german plans to exterminate them , and two , that a jewish uprising against the germans is being actively prepared for .
he further elaborated his ideas in " sketch of a plan to exterminate the casual small pox from great britain and to introduction general inoculation " ( 1793 ) .
the daleks find them both , and proceed to exterminate some prisoners until the doctor complies .
in june 1915 , von wangenheim sent a cable to berlin reporting that talat had admitted the deportations were not " being carried out because of ' military considerations alone . ' " one month later , he came to the conclusion that there " no longer was doubt that the porte was trying to exterminate the armenian race in the turkish empire . "
hitler did not need darwin or evolution to devise his heinous plan to exterminate the jewish people , and darwin and evolutionary theory can not explain hitler ’s genocidal madness .
we were close to victory ... " at which point , the proto - fascist young turk government decided to exterminate the entire armenian population of turkey .
finally , it has been contended that nolte 's comparison of the holocaust with the internment of japanese americans is false , because the jews of europe were sent to death camps rather than internment camps , and the u.s. government did not attempt to exterminate the japanese americans in the internment camps .
the monkey drive was out of season , and not to exterminate monkeys , but in order to capture colobus monkeys .
simon de montfort tried to exterminate them .
he wrote that his plan was to " exterminate as many members as possible , " and that he was prepared to die in the process .
the spanish historian marmolejo said that gold mines had to shut down when all their indian labor died .. mapuche fighting spain in araucanía regarded the epidemic as a magical attempt by francisco de villagra to exterminate them because he could not defeat them in the arauco war ..
the conviction stemmed from the fact that the court considered it proved beyond reasonable doubt that towards the end of june 1994 he had made a speech from an interahamwe vehicle equipped with a public address system , urging and subsequently reminding the hutu population to exterminate all tutsis , whom he referred to as " snakes " .
with his determination to exterminate those who killed maya , burns tells tommie and gray to stay out of his way , as he cuts a bloody path through chinatown and across europe on his way to a confrontation with wong .
the death of his friend suat and the role that his father plays with the leaders of the party to exterminate the opposition and even the tolerated voices force behçet to reconsider his political belonging .
the band 's debut album , " hammer of gods " , was released in 1996 , after which rhythm guitarist bill taylor joined , playing on second album " exterminate " ( 1998 ) .
while they " tolerate " the existence of the star sapphires , they have made it clear that they are going to exterminate the red lantern corps .
as a result , the former - nationalist regular troops turned guerrilla fighters lacked any willingness to work together with the bandits they once attempted to exterminate , especially when many of the bandits had killed their comrades - in - arms earlier in the battles of eradications / pacifications .
the title character , a fire - breathing demonic alien , fights against the fanatical torquemada , grand master of the terran empire in earth 's distant future , and his attempts to exterminate all alien life .
the alien cyborgs yelling " exterminate them ! " are daleks from the british sci - fi series " doctor who " ; more precisely , the models used are from the non - canon films " dr. who and the daleks " and " daleks - invasion earth 2150 ad " ( distinguishable from the tv versions by the " vapor spray " weapon , although there seems to got circle - shaped death - ray with it ) .
in 1939 the " einsatzgruppen " were reactivated and sent into poland to exterminate the polish elite , so that there would be no leadership to form a resistance to german occupation .
the nazis deported the pomeranian jews to a reservation near lublin and , in pomerelia , mass murdered jews , poles and kashubians , planning to eventually exterminate jews and poles and germanise the kashubians .
in the cornell university student newspaper , a cartoon went on to offer advice on how to " exterminate " japs .
action was taken by the n.t. agriculture branch to exterminate it by spraying with tordon , which was promising to achieve eradication until the n.t government discontinued the work allowing the weed to spread widely and become the n.t 's and possibly australia 's worst weed problem .
space siege takes place in the far future , where earth has just been destroyed by the kerak , an insect - like race of aliens that are seeking to exterminate humanity in retaliation for mankind 's colonization of their homeworld , elysium iv .
the zor launch a surprise attack ; now - admiral mairas is given command of the campaign and he attempts to exterminate the zor .
some recent research , however , apparently argues that al - husayni did work with eichmann for the dispatch of a special corps of einsatz commandos to exterminate the jews in palestine , if rommel managed to break through the british lines in egypt .
the movement had intentions to go so far as the exterminate all humans through a virus .
" exterminate ! " is a 1992 song recorded by the german band snap ! featuring niki haris .
however , such brutal execution only strengthened communist resolve to exterminate the bandits to avenge the death of their comrades , which totaled 154 in a single region to the north of changchun along .
mission type ranges from rescue to escort to exterminate villains to treasure hunting .
after the occupation of poland by german and soviet forces in september 1939 , the nazi and stalinist regimes attempted to exterminate its population as well as culture .
that same year , gestapo chief josef meisinger was sent to shanghai and began preparations to exterminate the population of the jewish community there , which was created in accordance with the plan of yasue and his comrades .
believing his creations to be treacherous , davros begins using mind control on daleks and humans , ultimately releasing the virus to kill off the daleks before they can exterminate him .
on 18 december 1941 , the appointment book of the " reichsführer - ss " heinrich himmler shows he met with hitler , and in response to himmler 's question " what to do with the jews of russia ? " , hitler 's response was recorded as " als partisanen auszurotten " ( " exterminate them as partisans " ) .
they in turn refuse davros ' order to exterminate the doctor .
thus , the only way to completely destroy one of the good - aligned quori is to exterminate its entire lineage .
de vecchi set out to exterminate all who opposed his government ’s desire for total control over what fascist propaganda called ‘
extreme right - wing death squads used their hunt for far - left guerrillas as a pretext to exterminate any and all ideological opponents on the left and as a cover for common crimes .
noah 's ark is the huge vessel described in the hebrew bible / old testament book of genesis and the qur'an , through which god saved noah , together with the other seven members of his family , plus representatives of all the species of animals , from a cataclysmic flood with which he wished to exterminate all other life on earth .
dr. cruz created the " brigadas mata mosquitos " ( mosquito - killing brigades ) , groups of sanitary service workers who entered homes in order to exterminate the mosquitoes which transmitted yellow fever .
he also reasons , against ripley and vasquez , that the aliens are an important species and they do n't have the right to exterminate them .
purim ( hebrew : " pûrîm " " lots " ) is a joyous jewish holiday that commemorates the deliverance of the persian jews from the plot of the evil haman , who sought to exterminate them , as recorded in the biblical book of esther .
the daleks want to exterminate the doctor immediately , but the master proposes that the doctor be placed in his hands , to be allowed to see the galaxy and earth in ruins before they kill him .
according to later versions given by those in attendance , jeckeln gave a speech to these officers to the effect that it was their patriotic duty to exterminate the jews of the riga ghetto , just as much as if they were on the front lines of the battles then currently raging far to the east .
he received a good classical education which is also seen in his works , which gained its importance because of their description of latvian pre - christian beliefs , which he tried to exterminate .
the leaders of the pdpa apparently feared that daoud was planning to exterminate them all , especially since most of them were arrested , including taraki , and karmal , while amin was put under house arrest where he gave instructions to his son to carry to his army which initiated the saur revolution , hafizullah amin a number of military wing officers of the pdpa managed to remain at large and organized .
that is why the hardyhead is now considered a high priority for conservation recovery actions in queensland , where steps are now being taken to exterminate the mosquitofish from the spring .
the being , a koroem , claims that he ordered the seekers to exterminate humanity because they were human “
deciding that his powers are useful for nothing but destruction , ian returns to the ensigerum to join forces to exterminate the elves .
similarly , the bandits the nationalist governments had failed to exterminate were obviously not good candidates for evacuation to taiwan half a decade later , and using them to fight communists appeared to be the only logical alternative .
as dictator of germany , hitler attempted to unite all german - speaking people , just as poetsch 's lectures had demanded , and persecuted slavs , jews , gypsies , and other minorities , eventually attempting to exterminate them in the " final solution . "
a prolonged effort to exterminate goats introduced to pinta is now complete and the vegetation of the island is starting to return to its former state .
evonik - degussa ( using a prior business manifestation ) was legally the main chemical manufacturer and distributor of the chemical zyklon b which was used in world war ii to exterminate the populace of the concentrations camps auschwitz i , auschwitz ii ( birkenau ) and auschwitz iii ( monowitz ) .
discovering that many other species still worshipped , they set out to exterminate all religions .
as a result , the former - nationalist regular troops turned guerrilla fighters lacked any willingness to work together with the bandits they once attempted to exterminate , especially when many of the bandits had killed their comrades - in - arms earlier in the battles of eradications / pacifications .
the baron 's intent to exterminate the atreides line seems close to fruition as duke leto atreides is lured to the desert planet arrakis on the pretense of taking over the valuable melange operation there .
the " porajmos " ( also " porrajmos " ) literally " devouring " , or " samudaripen " ( " mass killing " ) is a term adopted by the roma historian ian hancock to describe attempts by the nazis to exterminate most of the roma peoples of europe .
for titus oates and lord george gordon with their popish plots , for hitlers who call on them to exterminate jews , for mussolinis who rally them to nationalist dreams of glory and empire in which all foreigners are enemies to be subjugated . "
involved in the counter - culture movement , their crimes emerged from a shared missionary philosophy to exterminate individuals they believed to be " witches " .
bowman leaps into the tardis just as the command dalek tries to exterminate him .
as the two prepare to exterminate the doctor , sec tries to reason with them and then steps in the way of their blaster fire , sacrificing himself to save the doctor .
the first records of bob suggest that as a puppy , he was being sent from terowie , along with several hundred other dogs to quorn , to be used to exterminate rabbits .
increasing conflict with leopards and the fear that this generated led to a series of campaigns to exterminate them .
he ignores his true mission , and instead focuses on the basic requirements of his crusade ; thus , attacking seras victoria , alucard and killing captain gareth of the hellsing organization , though gareth was a human being and attempting to exterminate the same target as alexander anderson .
the premise details an ex - cop who is hired to be a hitman whose mission is to exterminate drug dealers who peddle " tek " .
after bringing this to gauron 's attention , gauron smiled and claimed that kalinin should be grateful that he and his men were helping to " exterminate bugs . " during the same time that this was going on , sousuke was wreaking havoc on the soviet forces , being known only as a mysterious guerilla in an arm slave that was massacring soldiers .
many strategy games arguably contain a similar " explore , expand , exploit , exterminate " cycle .
there now follows a chase through time and space , with the dalek vessel determined to track down and exterminate the doctor and his friends .
londo is attempting to exterminate a rather large bug that has got into his quarters .
the ultimate goal is to conquer or exterminate all their cities so as to banish them from the worlds .
louis sets his own plantation aflame ; he and lestat exterminate the plantation slaves to keep word from spreading about vampires living in louisiana .
after he became ban , prijezda started a campaign to exterminate the bosnian church 's heresy in bosnia .
like other similar clashes immediately after the end of world war ii between the communists and the nationalists in china , this conflict showed that chiang kai - shek ’s attempt to simultaneously solve china 's long - standing warlord problem and to exterminate communism proved to be a critical mistake .
at the final battle in azeroth , the alliance exterminate one orc clan , raze the greatest orc stronghold and capture the orc supreme commander and the remnants of his clan .
meanwhile at xavier 's institute for gifted children , magneto confronts professor x , and tells him that the deaths of quicksilver and scarlet witch have spurred him to exterminate the entire human race .
the only ones who have the power to exterminate these creatures are purifiers , but only a few exist .
the third single " exterminate ! " , with vocals by michigan - born niki haris , formerly a backing singer for madonna , soared to number 2 in the uk in january 1993 , and " do you see the light ( looking for ) " reached number 10 in june .
the ictr indictment alleges that between 1990 and 1994 , nzuwonemeye and other officers conspired to exterminate the tutsi civilians and political opponents , and helped to train " interahamwe " and militia groups who committed the genocide .
it has both the combat and resource management elements of a real - time strategy game and the vast research tree and colony - building aspects of traditional turn - based ' space - empire - building ' 4x ( expand , exploit , explore , and exterminate ) games such as the " master of orion " series .
the seer advises him against doing that as it would exterminate all beings from both sides , and forewarned that the future will become a void if the source continues his madness .
towards the 29th century , technocore had split into three factions : the volatiles , who wished to exterminate humanity altogether , the ultimates , who were concerned only with the ui project , and the stables , who wished to leave humanity intact and opposed the ui ( although this was motivated primarily out of the fact that if the ui were to be created , all other ais in the technocore would be annihilated ) .
the plan was to exterminate them all " because " they stood out .
when the king was passing by the oasis , the residents killed his son , and the yemenite ruler threatened to exterminate the people and cut down the palms .
toussaint was repelled by this radical 's proposals to exterminate all europeans .
in 1900 , liu gained distinction for controlling the boxer rebellion and not following the imperial edict to exterminate all foreigners in china .
in december 1978 and january 1979 , robert faurisson , a french professor of literature at the university of lyon , published two letters in " le monde " claiming that the gas chambers used by the nazis to exterminate the jews did not exist .
in july 1943 , when italy left the war , the germans took control of kosovo and recruited the skanderbeg division of albanian collaborators to defeat yugoslav partisans and exterminate the jews .
the player takes the role of a rookie pilot in a band of " sewer jockies " , whose job is to exterminate dangerous mutated creatures to keep a vast network of sewers clean for the resort area " solar city " , an island paradise ruled by the evil commissioner stenchler ( robert costanzo ) .
mae and jack then venture into the cave and proceed to exterminate the swarm , their nest and their organic assembly plant ( which looks very similar to the original xymos assembly plant ) using explosive thermite caps .
on 18 may 1966 , paul joseph chartier killed himself as he left a centre block washroom by accidentally detonating the bomb he had been preparing to throw onto the floor of the house of commons from the public galleries above to , as he put it in his notes , " exterminate as many members as possible . "
also in one comic , the " deacons " were basically parodies of daleks , which fire weapons out of their eyestalks at fry , leela , and bender shouting " excommunicate ! excommunicate ! " ( a parody of the dalek 's " exterminate ! " battle cry ) .
friedländer , through his research on the third reich , has reached the conclusion that there was no intention to exterminate the jews of europe before 1941 .
ranked as a lieutenant in the forces of the combined bene gesserit / honored matre new sisterhood , her first military assignment is to exterminate a renegade honored matre group who control a portion of the planet gammu .
according to gao hua(高华 ) , in order to establish lenin - like authority , mao had decided to use violence and bloodshed to exterminate other red army section , namely li wenling(李文林 ) , by accusing li wenling of counter revolutionary and belonging to the non - existent anti - bolshevik league , using slogans such as " using red to cleanse the country " , " red terror " , and " to purge spies under the red flag " .
the history of the residential schools and the potlatch ban was a part where the canadian government tried to exterminate their cultural practices .
by 835 , however , two non - eunuchs that he had recommended to emperor wenzong — li xun and zheng zhu — were plotting with emperor wenzong to exterminate the eunuchs , and as part of the plan , emperor wenzong sent poison to wang and ordered him to commit suicide .
after a 40-year armistice in a war between the twelve colonies , the homeworlds populated by humans , and the cylons , human - created robots , the cylons launch a surprise attack intended to exterminate the human race .
kula is often ordered to exterminate other traitors to nests but has been known to disobey her orders for the sake of others .
fearing that finitevus ' plan might fail , he charged up his warp ring with energy from the master emerald , and was witness to finitevus ' tirade on how " corrupt " the world had become and his plan to " cleanse " ( exterminate ) all life in a wave of emerald fire .
he promised them to exterminate the ruling class and establish a new social system .
received alarming report about plan being discussed and considered in führer headquarters to exterminate at one fell swoop all jews in german - controlled countries comprising three and a half to four million after deportation and concentration in the east thus solving jewish question once and for all stop campaign planned for autumn methods being discussed including hydrocyanic acid stop
chen and dou wu became alarmed , and they began to set up a plan to exterminate the powerful eunuchs .
he even went as far as to say that " the german government would exterminate jews if they had the opportunity " .
writer john milius came up with a storyline in which a group of rogue young officers in the san francisco police force systematically exterminate the city 's worst criminals , portraying the idea that there are worse cops than dirty harry .
graham noble writes that luther wanted to save jews , in his own terms , not exterminate them , but beneath his apparent reasonableness toward them , there was a " biting intolerance , " which produced " ever more furious demands for their conversion to his own brand of christianity " ( noble , 1 - 2 ) .
when those kshatriyas began to exterminate the bhrigus together with unborn children of their race , it was then that wrath filled my soul .
graham noble writes that luther wanted to save jews , in his own terms , not exterminate them , but beneath his apparent reasonableness toward them , there was a " biting intolerance , " which produced " ever more furious demands for their conversion to his own brand of christianity " ( noble , 1 - 2 ) .
louise nzigire , a local social worker , states that “ this violence was designed to exterminate the population .
with the membership of honduran civilians it was used against salvadorian residents and temporary workers to exterminate any salvadorian presence .
one pamphlet , the 1935 " the christian witch craze " , claimed that the witch - hunts were an attempt to exterminate " aryan womanhood " .
his raids had led to an attempt by george rogers clark to exterminate the french and shawnee population at pickawillany .
it can not be done unless we exterminate or move 25,000,000 people out of it . "
the first written account of the concept is in the classic of history , a historical account of the shang ( 1600 bc – 1046 bc ) and zhou ( 1045 bc – 256 bc ) dynasties , where it is recorded that prior to a military battle , officers would threaten their subordinates that they would exterminate their families if they refused to obey orders .
knowing the terrain from his prior military service in britain , he was able to move quickly to defeat and virtually exterminate them .
in accordance with his strategy to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued china for so long and exterminate communism , chiang kai - shek and his followers had hoped that these former japanese puppet regime 's warlords who rejoined the nationalists would be able to hold on to the regions long enough for chiang to deploy his own troops to hold off the communists .
" vga planets " follows the 4x game ( explore , expand , exploit & exterminate ) model : the players start with a homeworld , and have to build spaceships , explore the galaxy , colonize planets , mine minerals , build up their industry , etc .
in later november 1938 , hitler expressed his frustration with his more cautious advice he was receiving from some quarters hitler called the economic expert carl friedrich goerdeler , general ludwig beck , dr. hjalmar schacht , the diplomat ulrich von hassell , and the economist rudolf brinkmann as " the overbred intellectual circles " whom were trying to block him from fulifilling his mission by their appeals to caution , and but for the fact that he needed their skills " otherwise , perhaps we could someday exterminate them or do something of this kind to them "
the leaflet , produced as an official publication of the alberta government , urged members of the public to " exterminate " prominent bankers and politicians who were standing in the way of social credit monetary reform .
there have been attempts to exterminate mutants ( with the robotic sentinels , or the deadly legacy virus , amongst other things ) , enslave them ( using the mutate process created by the sugar man and employed by the genegineer of genosha ) , or indeed both ( such as the weapon plus program ) , and even appease them ( such as when magneto was given sovereign command of the country of genosha ) ; it has only been recently that mutants have been accepted as members of society by law , as equal to other superhumans ( as evidenced by the super - hero registration act , which affects all with metahuman abilities , regardless of origin of said abilities ) .
master of magic " allows players to alternately exterminate the other wizards by researching and successfully casting the game 's ultimate spell , called the spell of mastery .
on 18 december 1941 , himmler 's appointment book shows he met with hitler , where in answer to himmler 's question " what to do with the jews of russia ? " , hitler 's response is recorded as " als partisanen auszurotten " ( exterminate them as partisans " ) .
this resulted in the founder ordering pran and weyoun to exterminate the cardassians .
this event turned out to be " brutal " which was due to the japanese policy to " exterminate " the tribes .
in this battle the meccans wanted to finally exterminate the muslims after weakening them in uhud , by preventing their return to mecca and finishing them off at medina .
during wwii nazi policies to exterminate roma were implemented .
having attempted to exterminate the jews of persia , and rendering himself thereby their worst enemy , haman naturally became the center of many talmudic legends .
he discovered that dr. herbert landon , who was said to cure mutation , ( and secretly promising to make a mutant army for the kingpin ) was planning to exterminate all mutantkind .
general allister ' " , determined to exterminate indians tribes , was sent by washington to submit indians in 1867 .
of the republic , niccolò machiavelli remarked " in order to create a republic in milan it would be necessary to exterminate all the nobility ....
created largely at the behest of roosevelt 's secretary of the treasury henry morgenthau , jr. , roosevelt " stressed that it was urgent that action be taken at once to forestall the plan of the nazis to exterminate all the jews and other persecuted minorities in europe . "
most historians maintain that it was a deliberate and intentional attempt to exterminate the armenian population of the ottoman empire .
it is realised that the only way to avoid conflict with the natives is either to make friends with them or to exterminate them totally .
eventually the krogan , discovered and elevated to civilization by the salarians due to their fighting prowess , hardiness , and high birth rate , were able to push back and eventually exterminate the rachni .
in accordance with the nazi racial theory , the sicherheitspolizei and sicherheitsdienst were instructed to exterminate the jews and gypsies .
after the outbreaks of the sino - japanese war in 1937 and world war ii japan attempted to exterminate korea as a nation .
they are also stocked in , or have been introduced to , some western lakes and reservoirs for angling purposes , although this practice often threatens other species of fish such as bass , trout and salmon , causing government agencies to exterminate the pike by poisoning lakes .
to keep mankind safe from the creatures that lurk in the shadows meg and angela continue to exterminate demons and bring demon summoners to justice .
in bogotá , the evolutionary 's eliminators are dispatched to exterminate a drug cartel .
the dalek seventh incursion squad will take the tardis , find the doctor and his companions , and exterminate them .
on the day of the outbreak of the warsaw uprising on august 1 , 1944 , ss - reichsführer heinrich himmler ordered to destroy the city and to exterminate the civilian population of warsaw .
he is actually shocked to find out that king vega intends to exterminate mankind .
the other tribes of northmen descend upon the tribe under cover of night and exterminate all but three , episte , rache and colbey calistinsson .
the book begins with her summoning a magical hurricane to destroy all humanity ( since people , in her opinion , exterminate her food ) .
he has a strong " sense of duty " and has vowed to lead a blameless life and to exterminate the pirates .
in a stunning surprise attack , soulblighter 's army falls upon the legion and soulblighter himself traps the legion within the tain , a magical artifact used by the hero connacht a thousand years earlier to trap and exterminate the myrkridia , a species that had nearly hunted humanity to extinction during the previous cycle .
german emperor kaiser wilhelm , who was famously dismissive of the bef , issued an order on 19 august 1914 to " exterminate ...
similarly , the bandits the nationalist governments had failed to exterminate were obviously not good candidates for evacuation to taiwan half a decade later , and using them to fight communists appeared to be the only logical alternative .
it is important for us , my brothers , that we exterminate from our lands this nation which seeks only to destroy us .
only she , louis and weyland combined have the power to finally exterminate the troy game for once and for all .
he does so , but that only makes the invaders more determined than ever to exterminate them . "
the leaders of pdpa apparently feared that daoud was planning to exterminate them all , especially since most of them were arrested by the government shortly after .
after surviving a car - bombing in las vegas , jeff learns the truth about his family , and a devastated jeff angrily sets out to exterminate the white hand cartel .
in the year 1366 , king louis i anjou of hungary issued a law - and - order decree of turda in part explicitly targeted against the romanians ( " presumptuosam astuciam diversorum malefactorum , specialiter olachorum1 , in ipsa terra nostra existencium " - the evil arts of many malefactors , especially vlachs /romanians that live in that our country ; " exterminandum seu delendum in ipsa terra malefactores quarumlibet nacionum , signanter olachorum " - to expel or exterminate from this country malefactors belonging to any nation , especially vlachs / romanians ) .
barrowman contributed his support to the project asking people to join him and " help exterminate homophobia .
when the yakkha alavaka first confronted lord buddha , he threatened to exterminate lord buddha unless he , lord buddha were to answer all his questions .
similarly , the bandits the nationalist governments had failed to exterminate were obviously not good candidates for evacuation to taiwan half a decade later , and using them to fight communists appeared to be the only logical alternative .
the nazis conceived and carried out extreme discrimination and an effort to exterminate the jews , leading to the deaths or exile of almost all of the pre - world war ii jewish population .
noi and shin are sent to exterminate caiman —
the player uses resources to manufacture buildings which can create units and vehicles , which are used to exterminate opposing forces .
forests were surrounded and set alight to exterminate those who had taken refuge there .
german emperor kaiser wilhelm , who was famously dismissive of the bef , issued an order on 19 august 1914 to " exterminate ...
the court also issued a permanent injunction by which karadžić and his subordinates were enjoined and restrained from committing or facilitating " any acts of ' ethnic cleansing ' or genocide ( ... ) or any other act committed in order to harm , destroy or exterminate any person on the basis of ethnicity , religion and/or nationality " .
but also , come winter , the russians reconquer it all and exterminate the invaders .
raszagal makes a brief appearance in the novel " shadow hunters " as the first dark templar to be captured and questioned by adun in his mission to exterminate the dissident protoss , and it is ultimately her testimony that convinces the templar to spare raszagal and her brethren .
in 1664 , the french sent the carignan regiment to new france under marquis de tracy with the orders " to carry war even to their firesides in order totally to exterminate them " .
the alien invasion is a common theme in science fiction stories and film , in which an extraterrestrial society invades earth with the intent to exterminate and replace human life , enslave it under a colonial system , to harvest humans for food , or sometimes to destroy the earth altogether .
after the losses of the european grape varieties through phylloxera , many attempts were made to either exterminate the pest or use alternative , non - traditional viticultural practices which would prevail against infestation .
dawidowicz contended that it was adolf hitler 's intention to exterminate the entire jewish population of the world .
thinking of the future , the team decided to exterminate the bear even if they had to mobilize every possible resource .
as a result , the former - nationalist regular troops turned guerrilla fighters lacked any willingness to work together with the bandits they once attempted to exterminate , especially when many of the bandits had killed their comrades - in - arms earlier in the battles of eradications / pacifications .
prometheus ’s objective for the next is simple : to exterminate humanity and seize earth .
in knight and wizard mode , players must exterminate all the monsters by protecting the wizard and waiting for the timer to reach zero .
but while it 's impossible to change the ideology of an advanced society by force , geometers use " regressors " to exterminate technology of the planet to the level , at which inhabitants will easily accept ideas of friendship .
the aliens plan to exterminate all humans with giant insects and reptiles , grown with radiation absorbed from the bomb tests .
but ... that 's impossible ! " , " it ca n't be ! " , and " exterminate ! " .
during the colonial period the policy towards indians was to exterminate them or to contain them in church settlements .
when it opens fully , four daleks emerge , identify the earth and vow to exterminate its lifeforms .
she 's presumably a descendent of the original baron blitzkrieg ; the baroness joined the nazi supervillain group fourth reich , and sometime before that group was hired by vandal savage to help exterminate the families of old golden age superheroes .
hobson was a prolific author on this subject , writing the books narcotic peril ( 1925 ) , the modern pirates - exterminate them ( 1931 ) and drug addiction : a malignant racial cancer ( 1933 ) , speaking on radio programs and in front of civic groups , founding the international narcotic education association and lobbying his former congressional colleagues in favor of anti - drug laws .
inasmuch as it was popularly believed that the continued sterility of many years was caused by witches through the malice of the devil , the whole country rose to exterminate the witches .
before the government of nazi germany made the decision to exterminate all the jews in europe in july 1941 , nazi policy still allowed for the reduction of jewish numbers in europe by emigration .
having attempted to exterminate the jews of persia , and rendering himself thereby their worst enemy , haman naturally became the center of many talmudic legends .
the war turned into religious conflict , as mladen i šubić had started a campaign to exterminate the adherents of the bosnian church – the bogumils .
" tagline : " " they 're urban , they 're vermin , and they exterminate you ! "
" shikari has explained that they are highly xenophobic , determined to exterminate all other forms of life .
the aggressive kree believed themselves to be superior to all other species , and attempted to exterminate the peaceful cotati .
because the doctor has defeated the daleks so often , he has become their collective arch - enemy and they have standing orders to capture or exterminate him on sight .
when the thunderbolts uncovered and thwarted a csa - connected conspiracy to exterminate all superhumans , hawkeye blackmailed the csa into giving the thunderbolts full pardons in exchange for the group 's silence ; however , csa agent henry peter gyrich insisted that he would not go along with the deal unless hawkeye went to prison for his technically illegal vigilante activities as a member of the thunderbolts .
later , will magnus received approval of the armageddon agenda in the us congress , giving him the right to exterminate all metamutants in the world , starting with the jlx and the x - patrol afterward .
miklo announces a change of plans and his men promptly exterminate the " black guerrilla army " as well .
rivesh remains adamant on revenge , but the doctor reinstates his beliefs and tells him that no - one should have the power to exterminate an entire species .
his goal is to completely exterminate the zoanthropes with the ' xgc ' one by one .
rafael de nogales , a venezuelan soldier fighting for the turks , mentions in his memoirs that ottoman officials had received orders to exterminate all armenian males of twelve years of age and older .
swain , a member of the expedition , becomes demented and attempts to exterminate a peculiar species of african ape .
at their television show , morales played a descendant of rhoads , " dr. cornelius rodas " ; logroño played his assistant , igor , wearing a fake hunch , doing guttural noises , and inevitably messing up whatever plans rodas had for his avowed plans to exterminate puerto ricans .
in an effort to exterminate the armed guerrilla movements the colombian government aided by the united states launched an attack to destroy the " marquetalia republic " a guerrilla enclave in central colombia .
during world war ii nazi occupation forces in trieste used the building to transport , detain and exterminate prisoners .
deep within the confines of a top - secret military installation , a small army of determined soldiers attempts to exterminate the bloodthirsty beast , but with each life it takes , the creature grows ever more powerful .
this recent argument – usually summarized as " civilization or genocide?"– questions whether the conquest of the desert was really intended to exterminate the aboriginals .
the body was stolen by professor zhang chin , who used the torch to create a virus to exterminate half the earth 's population .
in 1979 , robert faurisson , a french literary critic and professor of literature , published two letters in " le monde " which included claims that the gas chambers used by the nazis to exterminate the jews did not exist .
while the attempt of germany to exterminate several nations viewed as subhuman by nazi ideology was stopped by the allies , nazi aggression nevertheless led to the deaths of tens of millions and the ruin of several states .
infiltrating a government laboratory , violet steals a weapon developed by the arch - ministry to exterminate all hemophages on the planet , only to discover the " weapon " is a child named " six " ( cameron bright ) , a young clone of daxus .
" i shall exterminate everything around me that restricts me from being the master " , electric six 's fourth studio album , was released october 9 , 2007 .
bosnian ban mladen i šubić had started a campaign in bosnia to exterminate the adherents of the bosnian church – the bogumils .
the couple was seemingly killed at random as neither possessed the genome that the death commandos were trying to exterminate .
with the soviet army 's rapid approach in the spring of 1945 , the ss decided to exterminate as many prisoners as they could in order to avoid leaving anyone to testify as to what had happened in the camp .
this made some of the prisoners , previously engaged in various types of resistance activity , begin to prepare plans to defend the camp in case of an ss attempt to exterminate all the remaining inmates .
secret learning prepared new cadres for the post - war reconstruction of poland and countered the german and soviet threat to exterminate the polish culture .
ramsey 's plan , implemented by colonel henry hastings sibley and frontier commander charles eugene flandrau , had the goals of freeing settlers held captive by the indians and to " exterminate " or drive the dakota " forever beyond the borders of the state " .
christian wirth ( november 24 , 1885 - may 26 , 1944 ) was a senior german police and ss officer during the program to exterminate the jewish people of occupied poland during world war ii , known as operation reinhard .
recent nazi documents uncovered in the german ministry of foreign affairs and the military archive service in freiburg by two researchers , klaus michael mallmann and martin cüppers indicated that in the event of the british being defeated in egypt by generalfeldmarschall erwin rommel 's afrika korps the nazis had planned to deploy a special unit called einsatzkommando ägypten to exterminate palestinian jews and that they wanted arab support to prevent the emergence of a jewish state .
jordan decides that rather than exterminate an alien species – particularly since the xenomorphs appear to be only the interstellar equivalent of sharks ; the perfect killing machine without actually being " evil " – they would transport the xenomorphs to the sentient green lantern planet mogo , where they can not harm anyone .
though generally well received by the public , mowat 's allusions of the canadian wildlife service as an organisation set out to exterminate wolves was met with anger from canadian biologists .
therefore i hold my position to exterminate the kikes and consider the german methods of extermination of the kikes be advisable excluding the any possibility of assimilation " ..
towards the end , nazi representatives pressured the japanese army to devise a plan to exterminate shanghai 's jewish population , and this pressure eventually became known to the jewish community 's leadership .
thomas peel continued to call for action to wipe out and exterminate the rest of the binjareb , whom he called " a nest of hornets " , despite the fact that there were no further payback reprisals .
from the magnitude of the defeated army , it had become clear that the arab military forces regardless of size would not be able to exterminate islam .
the same moral justification that was used during the 16th century to murder , enslave , and exterminate the indigenous peoples of america continued in paraguay through the 20th century .
some say that the deutsche arbeiter - partei ( later the nazi party ) when under the leadership of adolf hitler was a political front , and that the true goal of the nazi party was to seek out mystic powers to exterminate " inferior " races .
harry realizes that justin did n't invite the high council for a networking session to benefit harry , but rather as a trap to exterminate them .
when totò riina gave the instructions to exterminate the clan he made it quite clear : " not even the pips must remain from the inzerillo family " .
although , the russians were relatively lenient as an occupying army , the majority of the local population was forced to migrate west due to the mass murders , tortures , and ethnic cleansing committed by the greek and armenian guerilla forces that were formed to exterminate the muslim population ( turk soykirimi ) .
even pope urban ii , in his call for a crusade , helped promote this ethnocentric perception of the turks by calling on westerners to , " exterminate this vile race .
" the committee has prepared measures that tend to exterminate this rebellious race of vendéeans , to make their abodes disappear , to torch their forests , to cut their crops . "
they have come to invade the earth , says the voice , and to exterminate the human race .
lumine then reveals his own plan ; to exterminate all humans and old generation reploids and create a new world only for the new generation models .
the russian army was instructed to exterminate all tigers found around the area of the caspian sea , a project that was carried out very efficiently .
