in the israeli context , it is preferable to immortalize those who exterminated the jewish communities of europe ( in the late eleventh and early twelfth centuries ) and murdered the jews of jerusalem in 1099 than to preserve relics of the local arab civilization with which today´s israelis supposedly coexist .
the royal family was largely exterminated .
the rest of 53 bc was occupied with a punitive campaign against the eburones and their allies , who were said to have been all but exterminated by the romans .
according to pala copperplate inscription devapala exterminated the utkalas , conquered the pragjyotisha ( assam ) , shattered the pride of the huna , and humbled the lords of pratiharas , gurjara and the dravidas .
they exterminated the arawaks and proceeded to settle the island over the next few centuries .
the poles deserve death for defending infidels , and should be exterminated even more than the infidels ; they should be deprived of their sovereignty and reduced to slavery . ”
at that time , if we do not dare to protect our territory , our spiritual personalities including the victorious father and son ( dalai lama and panchen lama ) may be exterminated without trace , the property and authority of our lakangs ( residences of reincarnated lamas ) and monks may be taken away .
since davros 's return the dalek prime has met considerable resistance with a number of davros loyalists forming . initiating a final civil war on skaro , the dalek prime has all the davros loyalists revealed and exterminated .
while much of his family was exterminated in a famine - induced holocaust , many other members did eventually survive .
but the bacteria took more direct actions in order to ensure that the mutant population would be held in check , if not exterminated , in order to keep it from becoming the dominant species of the planet .
another prominent polish communist , roman zambrowski , said that ak had to be " exterminated " .
naga race in north - west india was almost exterminated by janamejaya , the kuru king in arjuna 's line , who conducted the massacre of nagas at takshasila .
during world war ii , in 1941 and 1942 , while jews were being , or about to be , exterminated by the nazis in europe , curtiss published his 118 page monograph denying the truth and authenticity of the so - called " protocols of the elders of zion " .
in the ensuing melee , satyaki , kritavarma and the rest of the yadavas are exterminated , as it was ordained by gandhari 's curse .
they were later exterminated from appenzell ausserrhoden in 1695 , and schaffhausen in 1712 .
the ipn or short for polish institute of national remembrance estimates that the number of victims who were exterminated those camps to be " not less than tens of thousands " .
after the second attempt , the military in power exterminated in reprisals several thousand communists and agrarians including representatives of the intelligentsia .
as a trio of daleks approach her , she introduces herself for the final time and proclaims defiantly that the daleks will fail as they know nothing of humanity , before she is exterminated .
kay altos is a professional bodyguard whose homeworld was destroyed by the imperial forces after it was invaded by the sakkra — a fast - multiplying frog - shaped race , which was subsequently exterminated by the empire .
the rabbits were eventually exterminated for wildlife management reasons from enderby island in the early 1990s , but a breeding group of 49 rabbits was rescued by the rare breeds conservation society of new zealand in september 1992 .
in the alternate timeline of " day of the daleks " these supervisors were in the form of collaborators who co - operated with the daleks for fear of being exterminated .
jeckeln claimed at his post - war trial that he 'd received orders from himmler on november 10 or 11 , that " all the jews in the ostland down to the last man must be exterminated . "
in this version , roxxas was a daxamite , and with a band of daxamites exterminated the populace .
at a festival , a fight broke out between the yadavas who exterminated each other .
he cited in support a text written by boris stomakhin , that " russian federation and russians must be exterminated " by all available means including nuclear bomb , because all russians are collectively responsible for actions of their government with respect to chechen people .
a battle between the clans ensued , the hiki were defeated by a coalition of the hōjō , wada , miura and hatakeyama clans and exterminated .
the race was almost exterminated by the annihilation wave .
in " border princes " an elderly husband and wife , mr and mrs peeters are infested by the droon which have to be exterminated before they hatch .
" i had heard that my father had been devoured by a rakshasa employed by vishwamitra : violent anger seized me , and i commenced a sacrifice for the destruction of the rakshasas : hundreds of them were reduced to ashes by the rite , when , as they were about to be entirely exterminated , my grandfather vasishtha said to me : enough , my child ; let thy wrath be appeased : the rakshasas are not culpable : thy father 's death was the work of destiny .
on march 6 , 1647 ( ash wednesday ) , a large mohawk war party attacked the " kitcisìpiriniwak " living near trois - rivières and almost exterminated them .
the novel begins 3,081 years after the events of the first book , by which time the works of " the hive queen " and " the hegemon " have caused the human race to let go of its hatred of the buggers and instead revile ender as " the xenocide " , who exterminated an entire species .
this has been the settler attack on the ingenuity tracunhaém in 1574 , in which indians potiguara he exterminated the entire population of ingenuity .
three orders and all but five families were exterminated by the combination of sea level changes and a break in the redox equilibrium ( a meteorite impact has also been suggested as a cause ) .
wells were poisoned , livestock shot , fields , houses and villages burned , and inhabitants driven into the countryside or exterminated .
a cavalry detachment of the order of calatrava , plus some knights from nearby castles , tried to gather news about the almohad strength and its heading ; they were surrounded by muslim scouts and almost exterminated , but supplied enough information to seriously alarm the castilian king .
consequently , jews from countries outside the baltics were shipped there to be exterminated .
they include the providence petrel , for which the island was its only breeding location for many years after the breeding colony on norfolk island was exterminated in the late 19th century .
jews & non - whites who remain after 1999 has ended will be exterminated .
nakula , exterminated many prominent war - heroes in the enemy side , during the kurukshetra war .
much of the later secular music of the early renaissance evolved from the forms , ideas , and the musical aesthetic of the troubadours , courtly poets and itinerant musicians , whose culture was largely exterminated during the albigensian crusade in the early 13th century .
after mutual suspicions erupted in a violent clash , the " hanau epe " were overthrown and exterminated , leaving only one survivor .
shatorov 's supporters in vardar macedonia , called " sharlisti " , were systematically exterminated by the ycp since the autumn of 1944 , and heavily repressed for their anti - yugoslav and pro - bulgarian political positions .
the peaceful moriori of the chatham islands were nearly exterminated and enslaved by mainland ngāti mutunga and ngāti tama māori .
obi - wan kenobi ( alec guinness ) explains that the galactic empire had all but exterminated the jedi some twenty years before the events of the film , and seeks to train luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) to be the order 's last hope .
the order was governor 's response to the 1838 mormon war and to what boggs termed " open and avowed defiance of the laws , and of having made war upon the people of this state ... the mormons must be treated as enemies , and must be exterminated or driven from the state if necessary for the public peace — their outrages are beyond all description . "
hatred and rage have since robbed malekith and his people of any inclination or desire for forgiveness or reconciliation with the high elves : they will never stop fighting until malekith sits on his rightful throne and the high elves are either subjugated or exterminated .
the nazis exterminated approximately 96% of thessaloniki 's jews of all ages during the holocaust .
in the new jedi order books the dashade people are almost exterminated by the yuuzhan vong ; but anakin solo steps in , and saves one particular tribe before beginning a terrible journey back to the main settlement whilst being pursued by yuuzhan vong warriors .
when competing clans , tribal wars , disease and typhoons extirpated or very nearly exterminated human populations or forced migrations , feral fowl , pigs and dogs would often remain on these remote islands .
of the estimated 6 million jews exterminated during the second world war , 2 million were murdered immediately by the second - rank military and political police , and mobile death squadrons of the einsatzgruppen .
the video game ' portrays an alternate future where connor and his wife katherine brewster were killed , humanity exterminated and skynet triumphant .
early attempts to reform the educational curriculum to keep pace with contemporary european influences were exterminated during the 1640s and 1650s by the inquisition .
adam escapes , but rose is cornered by the dalek and is seemingly exterminated .
in order to harness the required energy for the psychocrystals , the crown almost exterminated the whole gherkhin race .
the jewish population was nearly exterminated .
after this , one of them remarks that the " change the bulb " joke from " legion " was funny , and is promptly exterminated by the other for the crime of " not behaving like a true dalek " .
strip mining activities , urbanization , and sewage pollution have exterminated populations .
another german officer is disgusted by his commander 's cowardice and tells the partisans that they , as an inferior race and communist sympathisers , will eventually be exterminated .
the devils are now frightened ; they curse and cry that people were already under their rule , and the local songs and language were almost exterminated .
at the time of the second shadow war , there are no narn telepaths , as according to legend all telepaths were exterminated by a dark force , later recognized as the shadows , a millennium ago ( during the first shadow war ) .
two cybermen sent to parley with dalek thay at the battle of canary wharf shot the dalek but were promptly exterminated .
the environment was a major theme , including eric salzman 's in - depth coverage of " mysteries of the mycelium " and on - going discussions of whether local snapping turtles ( a / k / a " toropes " ) should be exterminated or celebrated .
when mormons attacked the missouri state militia at the battle of crooked river , governor boggs ordered that the mormons be " exterminated or driven from the state .
in the context of nazi pressures to have romanian jews exterminated in poland , lecca made provisions for some 3,000 jews to be saved and sent to palestine in exchange for 2 million lei .
the japanese landing party was exterminated .
baker says he will be heading for the cornish coast , but , just as he leaves the others , he is intercepted and exterminated by a dalek patrol .
they are found primarily on new zealand offshore islands , having been almost exterminated on the mainland islands by introduced mammalian pests .
most of the larger wildlife was exterminated or moved for safety reasons ( most of the elephants were sent to thailand ) , but plenty of birds and monkeys can be spotted in the forest .
it is revealed she was the only survivor of the battle of osaka in which genesis exterminated trident .
shi le 's descendants were , by this point , exterminated by shi hu .
ian black , the guardian 's middle east editor writes , " emphasis apart , it is hard to say what is new in his account . " he calls the book " a catalogue of intimidation , expulsion and atrocity , " and notes that pappe " does historical understanding a disservice by all but ignoring the mood and motives of the jews , so soon after the end of a war in which six million had been exterminated by the nazis . "
those jewish communities within easy reach of the nazi regime had been largely exterminated , in proportions ranging from more than 90 percent in poland to about 25 percent in france .
sometimes , during internal feud entire noble houses would be exterminated .
those persons in the world that now go by the name of kshatriyas are inferior ( in everything ) to those kshatriyas that bhargava rama , the son of jamadagnya , exterminated . '
a small population was also released on table mountain in south africa , but they were later determined to be a pest animal by authorities , and most were exterminated ( although some rare sightings still occur ) .
at a time when much speaking has depressed , has almost exterminated eloquence , he maintained that robust , powerful and vigorous style in which he gave fitting expression to the burning and noble thoughts he desired to utter . "
some historians , mostly those stressing the scale of german settlements , claim that after the mongol barbarians retired the country was in ruins and the population either scattered or exterminated .
given that the dinosaurs and other fauna of cretaceous were well adapted for living in long periods of dark and cold weather , it has been postulated that this community might have survived the cretaceous - tertiary extinction event ( 65.5 ma ) which exterminated the non - avian dinosaurs and so many other of the world 's species at the time .
cory is surrounded by daleks and is exterminated ; the beacon and the message survive .
they began to publicize in their propaganda that they were persecuted , murdered and exterminated ... committees acted here and there to establish this entity [ israel - ed . ] , this foreign entity , implanted as a cancer in our country , where our fathers lived , where we live , and where our children after us will live .
the rest of the house of komodo 's members had been exterminated in world war i.
soon after that time , the almoravids began their rise to power and effectively eliminated and exterminated both the banu ifran and their brother - rivals the maghrawa .
as many as 17,000 arabs were exterminated by the descendants of black african slaves , according to reports , and thousands of others were detained and their property either confiscated or destroyed .
he conducted a massacre called " sarpa satra " meaning the slaughter of the snakes , in which the naga race was nearly exterminated .
white - tailed sea eagles were exterminated on the island by 1912 and later became extinct in scotland .
with him the makololo empire appears to have started to fall to pieces , especially after his death in 1863 : a year later internal dissension in the ruling class brought to a revolt by the lozi that is said to have exterminated the makololo aristocracy and forced the survivors to migrate to present - day malawi .
he conclused that " we are positively sure that if we remain in iraq , we shall be exterminated in the course of few years . "
bormann screamed : " they were not exterminated , only evacuated , evacuated , evacuated ! " , and slammed down the phone .
according to the " hou hanshu " : " ... the prince [ xihou ] of guishuang , named qiujiuque [ kujula kadphises ] , attacked and exterminated the four other xihou .
martinique , guadeloupe and ports in haiti were captured in 1794 and 1795 , but the british units were almost exterminated by disease .
some media outlets reported that the bees deserted the grounds after around 90 minutes , whilst others claimed that a similar resolution to the pigeon problem was sought , with the bees being professionally exterminated .
they are considered barbarians by the zarthani , who virtually exterminated the " eastern ruthani " when they arrived in the area to become the great kingdoms .
poznań 's jewish population , which had numbered almost 3,000 in 1939 , was largely exterminated in the holocaust .
furthermore , the current population of these territories justifiably ought to be enslaved , migrated , or exterminated , and re - populated by germanic settlers .
like ward churchill , he believes that the american natives were deliberately and systematically exterminated over the course of several centuries , and that the process continues to the present day .
douthit argues that without such " middle - ground " contact , the takelma and other southern oregon indians would have been exterminated rather than relocated .
the others restrain him and think he has gone mad with exclamations such as " you fools , he is marked with the brand of the beast -- the reptile -- the vermin we exterminated centuries ago !
they viewed the attackers ( the colony landing ships ) as nothing more than mindless animals to be exterminated without quarter .
in 350 ad , for example , power in the south hun state of chjao ( pin . " zhao " ) was seized by a usurper , a chinese named shi min , who ordered all the huns in the state exterminated ; in the slaughter " many chinese with prominent noses " died , suggesting the huns had " prominent noses " .
if a large fraction of a rat population is exterminated , the remaining rats will increase their reproductive rate , and quickly restore the old population level .
in " exterminate all the brutes " ( a sentence taken from joseph conrad 's " heart of darkness " ) , sven lindqvist argued that the techniques and inhumanity necessary to the holocaust were indeed commonly practiced during colonial rule , in which several ethnic groups were exterminated .
the middle of the 14th century also witnessed the spread of the black death , which exterminated perhaps up to one - third of the european population —
after 12 years the setini revolted and exterminated the occupiers and , once free , they returned under the protection of the pope .
the third version judged lithuanians to be a non - aryan race ; therefore , 85% of the population was to be deported or exterminated and the remaining few germanized .
the humans of the twelve colonies ( at least 50 billion in the new television series ) were virtually exterminated by the cylons on the onset of both series .
esperantists had been among the groups especially persecuted and even exterminated by the nazis , and they now wanted jointly to undertake a concrete task to help save mankind from " world catastrophe . "
naga race was almost exterminated by janamejaya , the kuru king in arjuna 's line , who conducted the massacre of nagas at takshasila .
according to pala copperplate inscription devapala exterminated the utkalas , conquered the pragjyotisha ( assam ) , shattered the pride of the huna , and humbled the lords of gurjara , pratiharas and the dravidas .
although further studies of the k – t layer consistently show the excess of iridium , the idea that the dinosaurs were exterminated by an asteroid remained a matter of controversy among geologists and paleontologists for more than a decade .
from then on , as the fighting troops progressed over the dniester , the local administration deported large numbers of jews into the fighting zone , in hopes that they would be exterminated by the germans .
the great hero of the wind age , connacht exterminated the myrkridia , entombed the trow , imprisoned the watcher , and drove moagim from the world .
dominica is also the only eastern caribbean island that still has a population of pre - columbian native caribs , who were exterminated or driven from neighbouring islands .
as he drives , janeway explains that szell is in america to sell off his large cache of diamonds , which he had taken from jews he had exterminated at auschwitz during world war ii .
from the ming ( 1368 – 1644 ) and qing ( 1644 – 1912 ) dynasties onward , the extent to which those within the family were exterminated was increased .
at the same time the sergites fought against their rivals and nearly exterminated them ..
in 1941 , the nazis conquered the ussr and then exterminated most of its slavic peoples ; the few whom they allowed to live were confined to reservations .
the war officially ended in 1902 with the philippine leaders accepting , for the most part , that the americans had won , but not until over one million filipinos had died in the american part of the conflict and occupation ( 200,000 men , women and children during the war itself ) , over 20% of the filipino population had been killed , and in many cases exterminated .
the tidal bore was the first phenomenon to become an attraction but the construction of the petitcodiac causeway in the 1960s effectively exterminated the attraction .
although the tupi population was exterminated because of slavery or because of european diseases to which they had no resistance , a large population of maternal tupi ancestry occupied much of the brazilian territory , taking the ancient traditions to several points of the country .
this account begins with the puranic legend wherein the traditional kshatriyas of the land were exterminated by parashurama , an avatara of vishnu .
in 1942 , the jews that survived the starvation , disease and slave labor were taken to belzec to be " exterminated " .
according to the ukrainian historian vitaly maslovskiy , between july 1 and july 6 , nachtigall and roland battalions exterminated nearly 3 thousand soviet activists , as well as polish and jewish residents " .. chuyev also quotes the full text of the " act of the restoration of the ukrainian state " ( акт о восстановлении украинского государства ) " , published in lviv on june 30 , 1941 , which includes the following proclamation : " 3 .
despite the number of caribs and their well - known warring culture , they would end up dominated or exterminated by the spaniards in the process of conquest and colonization .
naturally , the inquisition exterminated this new sect , and the " popess " was burned at the stake in the autumn of 1300 .
by the late 17th century , the arawaks had been completely exterminated and few caribs remained .
there were also large numbers of european rabbits , now exterminated .
additionally , it is implied that the yukon population is entirely white , and that the yukons exterminated or deported all other ethnic groups that lived in the confederacy .
in a particularly bitter contest between imperial and renegade landsknechts , the black band was surrounded by frundsberg 's pikemen and exterminated where it stood .
viewed as a threat to the social and political order , holt argues that " huguenots not only had to be exterminated - that is , killed - they also had to be humiliated , dishonoured , and shamed as the inhuman beasts they were perceived to be . "
other groups , such as the urupá were exterminated by europeans .
they were almost exterminated by the sikhs in 1837
these differences culminated in the missouri mormon war and the eventual issuing of an executive order ( since called the extermination order ) by missouri governor lilburn boggs , which declared that " the mormons must be treated as enemies , and must be exterminated or driven from the state . " three days later , a renegade militia unit attacked a mormon settlement at haun 's mill , resulting in the death of 18 mormons and no militiamen .
it starts with the gorillaz logo in red against a black screen , and the following quote from the 1978 film " dawn of the dead " : " every dead body that is not exterminated , gets up and kills .
king gongmin of goryeo pushed mongolian garrisons back and exterminated the family of khagan toghan temur 's empress while tai situ changchub gyaltsen eliminated the mongol influence in tibet .
by the early 1700 ’s the tocobaga people , through disease and slavery , are nearly exterminated .
to prevent this , the soul reapers almost exterminated the quincy , leaving only two quincy to survive into the current " bleach " storyline and creating a great animosity between the two groups .
in the three decades after 1865 , wolfers had almost exterminated every wolf from texas to the dakotas , from missouri to colorado .
known as diclonius , any person showing signs of the mutation have either been contained in the diclonius research facility or exterminated .
two of his subjects who contributed heavily to the dynasty 's founding , han xin and peng yue , were killed on empress lü zhi 's orders and their clans exterminated as well .
wolfgang g. schwanitz notes that in his memoirs husayni recalled that heinrich himmler , in the summer of 1943 , while confiding some german war secrets , inveighed against jewish " war guilt " , and , speaking of germany ’s persecution of the jews said that " up to now we have exterminated ( in arabic , " abadna " ) around three million of them " .
this town , like the rest of their settlements , was destroyed when the iroquois declared war in 1650 and exterminated the neutral nation .
the common crane and great bittern were exterminated by hunters and the draining of marshes in the 18th century .
because all of the non - muslim population in xinjiang were regarded as infidels and enemies to be exterminated , the rebellion resulted in incredible cruelties whenever the towns held by the qing force were taken .
at least 434,500 jews were exterminated there .
refugees spread out across the countryside where they were exterminated along with thousands of other peasants , many innocent of any involvement in the rebellion , by the vengeful nobles and their mercenary allies .
these daleks arrived on necros , exterminated the white and gold daleks and captured davros , who was returned to skaro to face trial .
at one time there were many xchagger colonies , until all but one was exterminated by the hegemonic crux .
populations that are considered to be genetically contaminated ( containing hybrids ) are exterminated .
like caprica city , delphi 's human population was totally exterminated by the cylons in their attack on caprica ; however , the museum building survived the attack , as does the arrow of apollo artifact .
prior to the holocaust , the area of the european union had a jewish population of 5,375,000 ; it was largely exterminated in german nazi death camps .
it was shortly after that a rival indian tribe , the appalousa ( opelousas ) coming from the area through atchafalaya river and sabine river , exterminated the attakapas ( eastern atakapa ) .
however , they were all exterminated when the crevice opened .
the cayugas for a time held a number of them , but the nation and their language are now exterminated and extinct . "
crossing the volga , he mustered a new army , which was totally exterminated by the mongols on the sit ' river on march 4 .
a few iwi , for example in nelson , were exterminated .
the lillas exterminated this tribe , barring one pregnant woman , who had managed to escape .
associations of a second - generation anticoagulant with an antibiotic and/or vitamin d are considered to be effective even against most resistant strains of rodents , though some second generation anticoagulants ( namely brodifacoum and difethialone ) , in bait concentrations of 0.0025 - 0.005% are so toxic that resistance is unknown , and even rodents resistant to other rodenticides are reliably exterminated by application of these most toxic anticoagulants .
in 1966 , wolves had been successfully exterminated in 30 oblasts of the rsfsr .
in august of 1349 , the jewish communities of mainz and cologne were exterminated .
this species was nearly exterminated in the sixteenth to nineteenth century , but it was rediscovered in 1965 .
from the sixteenth century onward the tupi , like other natives from the region , were assimilated , enslaved or simply exterminated by portuguese settlers and bandeirantes ( colonial brazil scouts ) , nearly leading to their complete annihilation , with the exception of a few isolated communities .
in fact the gepids were exterminated from the region .
these differences culminated in hostilities and the eventual issuing of an executive order ( since called the extermination order ) by missouri governor lilburn boggs declaring " the mormons must be treated as enemies , and must be exterminated or driven from the state . " three days later , a renegade militia unit attacked a mormon settlement at haun 's mill , resulting in the death of 18 mormons and no militiamen .
lobo is the last of his kind , having committed complete genocide by killing all the other czarnians for fun ( as originally written , psions had exterminated his race , but after the crisis on infinite earths , this was retconned ) .
the exiles first mission involves a reality where all superpowered individuals have been either exterminated or imprisoned .
transformation of field and pastureland represents the main threat of the hamadryas baboon , their natural enemies ( the leopard and the lion ) having been nearly exterminated in their range .
during the holocaust , the jewish population of the town was exterminated by the nazis .
i 've been to dachau , seen those places where they exterminated millions of jews .
after the future version of donatello exterminated most of the world 's rat population , the rat king declares war on him and his allies for killing so many of his " children " .
by 498 , all of xiao zhangmao 's descendants had been exterminated .
early in the 11th century sigmund or sigmundur brestisson , whose family had flourished in the southern islands but had been almost exterminated by invaders from the northern , was sent from norway , whither he had escaped , to take possession of the islands for olaf tryggvason , king of norway .
the lizardmen put up with their settlements on the coast but if there was any looting the perpetrators were hunted down and mercilessly exterminated .
padishah emperor hassik corrino iii had relocated the imperial throne to the planet kaitain , and the attacking house had been subsequently exterminated .
in the end , both the cathars and the independence of southern france were exterminated .
this saved humanity from the likely fate of becoming client to another race through forced adoption or being exterminated for the environmental damage done to the earth and its native species .
the nazis exterminated one to two million soviet jews ( including the annexed territories ) as part of the holocaust .
after the european conquest and colonization , the charrúa population declined at the hands of local authorities , being practically exterminated by 1830 .
his responsibilities included counting and sorting the money stolen from exterminated prisoners , and guarding other prisoner belongings in the camp before they were plundered .
the vaadwaur were a warrior race , nearly exterminated in a war with the turei and their allies 900 years earlier .
barnes went to write that the suffering by ethnic germans expelled from czechoslovakia and poland after world war ii were " obviously far more hideous and prolonged than those of the jews said to have been exterminated in great numbers by the nazis " .
jan žižka , the hussite leader , nearly exterminated the sect in 1421
the jewish population was exterminated in the holocaust by german nazis during their occupation of poland .
the jewish intelligentsia was exterminated altogether .
when a meanie design ceased production , it was " exterminated " instead of retired .
exterminated .
when they first developed starships , they were nearly exterminated by the inhibitors .
the moon would have exterminated all life in a cataclysm of fire had it not been for link 's intervention .
the nobles at the court blamed nguyễn trãi and nguyễn thị lộ for the young king 's death , accused them of regicide and had both , along with their entire extended families , exterminated .
it seems likely that the ruling dynasty on the island found these arrangements acceptable to some degree , since the west saxons , under cædwalla , exterminated the whole family when they launched their own attack on the island in 686 .
polish priests were to be either expelled or exterminated
feral pigs , which had roamed aorangi since the departure of māori in the 1820s , were exterminated in 1936 .
this story is the earliest and first story set in what would become the hyperion cantos universe , preceding even " remembering siri " ; many elements and similarities survived into the later stories ( from the name of the centaur raul , to the concepts of farcasters and the worldweb , to the shrike or the levitation barge or the sea of grass ) , although the stories did evolve and differ from " the death of the centaur " over time , and so there are a number of dissimilarities : in the cantos , the centaurs of garden have been exterminated in a genocide by the hegemony , and the world the story is set on is " not " cut off from the farcaster network .
during this period the romanian and german authorities and units deported to this region 147,000 bessarabian and bukovinian jews , 30,000 romanian roma , and exterminated the largest part of the local jewish population of this region .
in the film , the jedi are nearly exterminated by the order of the sith lord darth sidious .
some leaders clearly wanted gay people exterminated , while others wanted enforcement of laws banning sex between gay men or lesbians .
with full support from dany ’s father , former president camille chamoun , the tigers under the control of elias el hannache were exterminated in what was later named safra massacre .
after 1807 , sealing was occasional and cargoes small , no doubt because the animals had been all but exterminated .
consequently , jews from countries outside the baltics were shipped there to be exterminated .
the silures especially continued to harass roman troops , supposedly after ostorius had publicly said that they posed such a danger that they should be either exterminated or transplanted .
all persons of recent jewish ancestry were to be exterminated in lands controlled by germany .
the compositions are in the " standard hawkwind traditions of sweeping synthesiser passages contrasting ethereal space with the violence of monotonous bass and rhythm guitar " , and of the poems he says " if moorcock feels qualified to describe any of these pieces as poetry , then that 's his problem " and that they are delivered " with all the emotion of davros being exterminated by renegade daleks " .
kamen rider psyga exists in a world where the orphnochs have taken over the planet and humans are slowly being exterminated .
roma were exterminated by nazi german mobile killing units and in camps such as the ones at lety and auschwitz .
some european countries such as belgium and the netherlands consider the muskrat to be a pest that must be exterminated .
the megafaunal extinction pattern observed in north america is not explained by the bolide impact scenario , since there is no demonstrable reason why large mammals should be preferentially exterminated over small mammals or other vertebrates .
kurzem alleges his parents were jewish and claims on october 21 , 1941 , his mother and siblings were exterminated along with approximately 1,600 other russian jews in koidanov ( now dzyarzhynsk , belarus ) .
the victims were then sent to concentration camps , where most were later exterminated .
this includes around 3,000 " collaborationists " , " counter - revolutionaries " and civilian victims , 7,000 jews exterminated in concentration camps , and 14,000 resistance fighters and soldiers , of which 5,000 were macedonians .
the war has irrevocably altered the town - most of the predominantly polish and jewish population was either exterminated during the german occupation , or deported to siberia during the first soviet occupation .
during the rule of the khmer rouge in cambodia , the chams of that country suffered serious purges with as much as half of their population exterminated .
the word , which means " exterminated by the plant " , was coined in 1937 by dr. boris p. tokin , a russian biochemist from leningrad university .
she rejoined the carrier screen as word came of the approach of an enemy carrier force , and thus played a role in the epic battle of the philippine sea , when japanese naval aviation was all but exterminated in a great victory .
this is why they should not be treated with insecticides or otherwise exterminated , unless they are found to be a problem in a particular area .
he tells them that other humans in the past have revolted , only to be totally exterminated .
that was the time when the nazis systematically torched hundreds of belarusian villages and exterminated their inhabitants .
the federal government decided to take action into their own hands and exterminated over 80% of the livestock on the reservation .
the " prelude to dune " prequel trilogy ( 1999 - 2001 ) by brian herbert and kevin j. anderson establishes that salusa secundus had been devastated by atomics by a renegade house which is subsequently exterminated , their name erased from history .
technology and science have degraded , and all freely breeding species have been exterminated .
twenty - five percent of ukraine 's population was exterminated in what is known as the " holodomor " or " ukrainian holocaust " .
when he enquired further , his colleagues confirmed that the jews were being exterminated , and this did indeed relate to the transport that arrived the previous night .
this brother eye has corrupted programming and now believes that all humans need to be subjugated and/or exterminated , whether metahuman or not .
some historians , mostly those stressing the scale of german settlements , claim that after the mongol barbarians retired the country was in ruins and the population either scattered or exterminated .
most of them were exterminated by the nazis .
although some island populations may be threatened , or even exterminated , by introduced predators , the species as a whole appears to be safe and its conservation status is considered to be of least concern .
rumors abounded that they would be held hostage to help with a peace deal with the allies or that they were being moved towards concentration camps such as belsen to be exterminated in revenge for the bombing of german cities such as berlin and dresden - ( the german name for the allied airmen was " terrorfliers " ) .
the brutal conquest and widespread genocide characteristic of the mongols almost entirely exterminated the indigenous indo - iranian ( scythian ) people of the region , their culture and heritage being superseded by that of the mongolian - turkic peoples who settled the region thereafter .
possibly playing on rigdon 's 4 july sermon that talked of a " war of extermination , " boggs issued his infamous extermination order which stated that " the mormons must be treated as enemies , and must be exterminated or driven from the state if necessary for the public peace ... " ( " document " , p. 61 ) .
until the 19th century , the clan was exterminated by the giovanni , who extracted a promise of non - interference from the camarilla .
the cathars were ruthlessly suppressed and finally exterminated by the catholic church in the 14th century .
by the end of 1941 , almost the entire jewish population was exterminated .
following the rapid invasion of earth by the alien race , the vast majority of humanity is exterminated , and the few survivors are enslaved and forced to fight in the ruins of earth 's cities for the entertainment of the masters .
a person might believe that hitler exterminated 6 million jews in some other way without being an anti - semite .
the fifth plague of egypt was an epidemic disease which exterminated the egyptian livestock ; that is , horses , donkeys , camels , cattle , sheep and goats .
when the robinson 's originally purchased niihau , no monk seals were present , because the native hawaiians had exterminated them to preserve fishing stocks .
once discharged from the military in britain , he took a minor position with a british economic and scientific mission in washington , d.c. in autumn 1946 , where he learned that his family had been exterminated .
the nambuthiris consider every other hindu caste as sudra ( including other brahmins like iyer and iyengar , but not tuluva brahmins ) , as they believe that kshatriyas and vaishyas got exterminated during the treta yuga and other brahmins deviate from the vedic rituals .
once all three gangs are fully exterminated , in the closing cutscene of the game , the director reveals to the agent that there was an ulterior motive for the agency 's actions : the agency had secretly empowered the three gangs in the first place to instill fear in pacific city 's residents , thus creating a need for the agency to control the city , and acceptance in the populace when they did take over .
around 90% of the roma that lived in the czech republic prior to world war ii were exterminated by the nazi porajmos .
the caribs were eventually exterminated or exiled in 1660 .
their default was to pretend normality , while the whole world has been set on fire and just next door millions of people were chased and send away to be exterminated .
this move threw the armenian leadership in the transcaucasia into a panic , since it removed from the region the only force capable of protecting the armenian people from the ottoman empire , which had effectively exterminated its armenian population through systematic massacres and deportations .
they exterminated the elves of the island .
the men began abandoning their ship , the 4-gun schooner " catalina " , and the american vessels were " soon in the midst of the swimmers , and , laying about right and left , exterminated dozens of them " .
he lashes out at it and is exterminated by dalek x. the doctor , koral and bowman use the distraction to escape into a maintenance duct .
about 2500 people were exterminated .
this suggests that the hanau epe were not exterminated , but still lived peacefully alongside the polynesians .
the soctona were the only ones who did n't surrender during the spanish conquest , resisting several armed expeditions until the campaigns of pedro de alvarado when they were defeated and almost exterminated .
by december , all female life on earth is presumed to have been exterminated , leaving the infected men to slowly die off .
of the psylli herodotus described " a tribe that met with extinction " after the desert wind dried up their water holes.(iv.173 ) pliny the elder said that they were " almost exterminated " in a war with their neighbours , the nasamones , but the descendants of those who escaped " survive today in a few places " ( vii.2.14 ) .
but the jungles have mostly been cleared and their inhabitants exterminated by the santals and paharias , who have crossed the ganges in large number to settle in " barind " and other areas .
they soon spread throughout the island , but after a few years , they were exterminated .
padishah emperor hassik corrino iii relocates the imperial throne to kaitain , and the renegade house which had perpetrated the attack is exterminated , their name erased from history .
before stark was fully grown , another group of human miners exterminated his tribe , captured stark and imprisoned him in a cage .
he defeated and exterminated the spanish forces of governor pedro de valdivia and was almost able to expel them from the area when he was killed in battle .
the hos are keen hunters and have practically exterminated game in kolhan .
