salazar sent out agents to extort treasures .
they hold territory under their control and extort “ taxes ” ( la renta ) from it .
jones later counter sued cris dishman and his former wife karen dishman , the previous matter was declared settled and jones received a money judgment against both cris and karen dishman in 2006 for their part in illegally trying to extort more money from jones .
coupled with failla 's control of teamsters union local 813 , the union local for trash haul drivers , failla was able to extort hundreds of millions of dollars from new york businesses .
jim courtright , a former city marshal of fort worth , was trying to extort protection money from gambler and gunman luke short , who owned the " white elephant " saloon .
he cited the zionist book " l'etat d'israel " ( 1930 ) by kadmi cohen to again assert that zionist and jewish organizations were conspiring to use nazi crimes to extort money to fund themselves and the state of israel .
nick caramandi had been arrested by the fbi trying to extort money from a real estate developer .
he used these skills to extort money from business owners in chicago 's little italy district during the 1910s .
the true purpose of such an offer is for the perpetrator to extort money from the victim .
in these places , the fln established a simple but effective— although frequently temporary — military administration that was able to collect / extort taxes and food and to recruit manpower .
estragon sees an opportunity to extort more food or to exact revenge on lucky for kicking him .
a con artist tried to extort money from frank and pat by threatening to reveal their location to the men who had threatened pat 's life when she testified against them .
roberts alleged that a former girlfriend made the photograph public after unsuccessfully trying to extort money from him .
johnny convinces kitty to pursue the relationship with cross , in order to extort money from him .
don peppino did not want his men to extort a " pizzo " from the shopkeepers , " according to a victim , " because the latter , in contrast to entrepreneurs , did not carry out any speculative activity and the because he … thought that asking shopkeepers for a " tangente " seemed like begging for alms " . "
chevron describes the situation as " a violent occupation of private property by aggressors seeking to extort cash payments from the company . "
jinlong went on to extort money from ah lin , with a threat of revealing the truth behind oily man to everyone .
many such groups existed that disrupted citrus plantations to either extort money or buy them at low prices .
, a roofie ) , but court proceedings followed , and the gang is divided when brandon and david are the only ones to defend her , with everyone else ( especially steve and kelly ) certain that valerie is lying in order to extort money from noah .
the so called hamel is instead a selfish , cowardly , heartless , and immoral fiend that seeks to take advantage of those around him , and extort from those he saves .
hanska , breugniot stole a collection of their letters and used them to extort money from balzac .
the iaccuzzo character was based on real - life gambino crime family capo matthew ianniello , who was known to extort and own several nightclubs in new york city that catered to homosexual clientele .
kim christened his band the " chijon family " and ordered them to kidnap wealthy people and extort money from their families .
after the sheik manages to bail out blake & fenderbaum by handing one of don don 's thugs a stack of cash , don don hatches a plot to kidnap the sheik in an attempt to extort money from him .
it was used to force peasants or town citizens to hand over hidden money , food , animals , etc . or to extort sex from women .
they also discussed how to extort chinese shopkeepers in palermo .
in 1860 , at the treaty of peking , the russians managed to extort a further large slice of manchuria , east of the ussuri river .
he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to extort money from carting and construction industries , and was sentenced to 10 and a half years in prison .
this draws the attention of a pair of women who approach usagi and jotaro ; they are actually neko ninja , and use a sleeping jotaro to extort chizu 's location from usagi .
nader became crueller and crueller as a result of his illness and his desire to extort more and more tax money to pay for his military campaigns .
armed groups continued to loot , extort , and illegally tax civilians in areas they occupied .
its first scheme involves turning a forgotten american scientist and using his weather control machine to extort $ 250 billion us dollars from the united states government .
she , along with her courtesan mother , attempt to extort money for jagatpal but he refuses to believe he is the father .
they stayed at his residence for several hours in an attempt to extort money from tosh .
according to sean o'mahony , they were tortured in the guardroom in order to extort from them the names of the volunteers who had earlier that morning shot the fourteen members of the cairo gang .
boundaries between klephts and armatoloi were not clear , as the latter would often turn into klephts to extort more benefits from the authorities , and , consequently , another klepht group would be appointed to the armatolik to confront their predecessors .
judges must not engage in any of the following acts : disseminate information harmful to the reputation of the state ; participate in illegal organizations ; participate in anti - government gatherings , demonstrations and protests ; participate in strikes ; embezzle or take bribes ; practice favoritism in breach of law ; extort confessions by torture ; conceal or forge evidence ; leak state secrets or confidential information related to judicial proceedings ; abuse power to violate the lawful rights and interests of citizens , legal persons or other organizations ; neglect duties resulting in wrong rulings or serious damages to the litigant(s ) ; purposefully delay proceedings ; abuse power to seek profit for themselves or others ; engage in business activities ; meet in private with litigants and their representatives and accept their gifts and favors .
he also tried to show that the southern demand to secede from the union if a republican were to be elected president was like robbing a man with a gun : " the threat of destruction to the union , to extort my vote , can scarcely be distinguished in principle " from that of a robber .
salem was given a free hand to extort money from bollywood bigwigs .
specifically , crea used associates to extort building contractors who wished to receive rights to no - bid jobs or who wanted to reduce the number of union members on their payrolls .
meanwhile , abdullah 's cousin , sheik hamud el khalid ( douglass dumbrille ) and a crooked foreign legionnaire , sergeant axmann ( water slezak ) , have been raiding a railroad construction site in order to extort " protection " money from the railroad company .
desiderius of benevento , the new abbot of montecassino , convinced richard to extort only 400 " sous " from the duke , however .
digilio used his position to extort payments from shipping companies in exchange for smooth labor relations .
the ultra - humanite made his last " superman " appearance in " action comics " # 21 ( 1940 ) , where he kidnaps an inventor and forces them to build a disintegration ray to extort $ 2,000,000 , and made no further comic book appearances for several decades .
le chiffre proceeds to torture bond by repeatedly whipping him in the testicles with the large knotted end of a thick rope , trying to extort the password that will enable le chiffre to collect the tournament winnings .
while in prison , falcone tries to extort crane by way of blackmail into allowing him a part in the upcoming fear toxin project .
he has coached linda to extort $ 50,000 from hardy to finance a new play in which linda will star , but the businessman will only write her a check for $ 10,000 .
kelly ’s spokesman declared that vaughn is merely trying to extort money and told reporters that a police investigation found no evidence to vaughn ’s assault allegations .
on august 24 , jackson 's investigator held a press conference accusing chandler of trying to extort $ 20 million from the singer , although the investigator failed to mention that jackson had given several counter - offers .
they extort money from passers - by , sell illegal drugs , act as informal security guards , and perform other " odd jobs " in return for compensation .
as well as being a top gunman for the north side gang , he also formed the theatrical janitors ' union and used his position as union president to extort money from theater owners .
the very unprofessional quality of the video , along with the fact that the german government has long opposed american involvement in iraq , led some experts to believe that the kidnappers were common criminals trying to extort money .
trupo ( josh brolin ) , who attempt to extort and threaten him .
charles marched against an arab army between poitiers and tours and defeated it in a watershed battle that turned back the tide of the arab advance north of the pyrenees ; but charles ' real interests lay in the northeast , primarily with the saxons , from whom he had to extort the tribute which for centuries they had paid to the merovingians .
ralph kiner , enduring his worst season to - date , received a death threat in an attempt to extort $ 6,200 .
" they are trying to extort all they can , " smith told automotive news . "
the original krypto 's name arose when the engraver bibbo hired made an intentional mistake , trying to extort more money from bibbo ( the price accorded was for six letters ) .
after leading a vagabond life in the south of spain , he was arrested at ecija , was brought to toledo , and was there put to torture with extreme ferocity in order to extort a general confession as to his life during the past months .
kurogoma 's group tries to harass and extort money from the takamagahara host club , but their plan is thwarted by the yorozuya trio .
in addition to the legal arguments , some reports by those with contact with the detention centers ( including an official report ) indicated that not only were the conditions worse than prisons or reeducation camps ( including beatings and prolonged detentions without trial ) , but also sometimes the police used the system to kidnap and extort more than expenses from the families of the accused .
black fox demands that eric be released and claims to have placed explosives on the helicarrier in order to extort his friend 's freedom .
it turns out that it was egan who tried to extort money from saul , and saul and orrie have followed him to the garage .
makoto manages to extort the government into showing baseball games without cutting away for commercials .
the third phase was to extort several million dollars from the u.s. government .
for example , klaus - peter sabotta sabotaged german railway lines in the late 1990s in an attempt to extort dm10 million from the german railway operator deutsche bahn .
eventually , she proposes that they partner up to extort a huge ransom .
in the 1977 the fbi setup a pornography business called " forex " and used bompensiero to convince the l.a. family to make an attempt to extort it .
" death , deceit and destiny aboard the orient express " is a 2000 thriller film about a group of international terrorists who , a few days before the start of the new millennium , lure a group of very rich celebrities and businesspeople on board the orient express from paris to istanbul in order to extort large sums of money from them .
an old fashioned mafia boss , don peppino , did not allow his men to extort local shopkeepers , which was common among mafiosi from the countryside .
after a few days of working in the mine , they murder the victim , and by making the murder look like an accident , they use his death to extort compensation money from the mine 's management .
the terrorists plan to extort the u.s. and soviet governments by threatening to make their satellites fall from space .
these monopolies included chimney sweeping and supplying manchukuo flags , which were attempts to extort money from the local population .
milan had orders to send esmit to denmark so he could be taken to account for his actions , but instead he threw esmit in irons in order to extort money from him .
in february 1796 he was charged at the old bailey , london , for attempting to extort money from james oldham , a holborn ironmonger .
a lieutenant of mobster rocco pellegrino , clemente used his power at the waterfront to extort monies from shipping companies and the companies that loaded and unloaded cargo .
he was first videotaped , lying on a bed with his shirt off and a vibrating dildo at the crest of buttocks , repeating " my name is joe francis , i 'm from boys gone wild and i like it in the [ buttock ] . " the assailant later attempted to extort $ 500,000 from francis and he received a 10-year sentence .
unlike the cosa nostra , where the boss gives out the orders , ivankov used to go out and extort himself .
on april , 2008 , kinshasa , the police arrested 14 suspected victims ( of penis snatching ) and sorcerers accused of using black magic or witchcraft to steal ( make disappear ) or shrink men 's penises to extort cash for cure , amid a wave of panic .
in the sections made available to the media , stern appears to try to extort $ 220,000 from burkle in exchange for " protection " from inaccurate reporting about the billionaire in stern 's gossip columns .
ament was arrested by german and french troops near tungchow , and charged with trying to extort money from the chinese villagers .
however , many other prostitutes are critical of such sites , as threats of a negative review are sometimes used by clients used to extort extra services or unsafe sex from sex workers .
crea specialized in labor rackets , such as gaining power over carpenter 's local 608 and using it to extort new york city contractors .
on june 6 , 1973 , priddy was arrested by the fbi in california and charged with trying to extort $ 250,000 from a steamship company by threatening to put a bomb aboard one of its vessels , the " island princess . "
this practice is often used to extort large amounts of money from legitimate domain name holders who rely on their domain names to remain in business .
colonel everett was convinced that a fair trial had not been granted to the defendants : in addition to dramatic mock trials , " to extort confessions , u.s. prosecution teams ' had kept the german defendants in dark , solitary confinement at near starvation rations up to six months ; had applied various forms of torture , including the driving of burning matches under the prisoners ' fingernails ; had administered beatings which resulted in broken jaws and arms and permanently injured testicles ' . "
most of the time the so - called witches were simple women , credibly tramps or bohemian which had managed to extort money and from donations in kind to a little bit gullible inhabitants .
on april , 2008 , kinshasa , the police arrested 14 suspected victims ( of penis snatching ) and sorcerers accused of using black magic or witchcraft to steal ( make disappear ) or shrink men 's penises to extort cash for cure , amid a wave of panic .
finally , for social partners who find it uneconomical to respond helpfully to an honest signal of need , the same depressive symptoms also have the potential to extort relevant concessions and compromises .
prus likely was also aware of christopher columbus ' manipulative use of a " lunar " eclipse on february 29 , 1504 , while marooned for a year on jamaica , to extort provisions from the natives .
through the union , gerard could solicit bribes , extort payoffs and enforce their monopoly .
in 2004 a british television studio created a special entitled " the heist " which saw funke teamed with peter scott , matthew bevan , joey pyle and terry smith ( all celebrated criminals in different fields of expertise ) in an attempt to " steal " a painting from the london art fair , steal a tvr sagaris prototype and hold hostage a prize winning racehourse whilst attempting to extort a ransom of the horse owner .
first , he is seen with bledar preparing to go into a gambling den roman was currently in and extort money of him .
he had attempted to extort $ 187,000 from four trucking companies in return for guaranteeing no labor problems .
in norse mythology , king þrymr ( " thrymr " , " thrym " ; " uproar " ) of the jotnar stole mjollnir , thor 's hammer , to extort the gods into giving him freyja as his wife .
in order to save troy 's life , emma agrees to participate in a fake kidnapping scheme in an attempt to extort the remainder of troy 's debt from her father .
john galt vows to stop the motor of the world by persuading the creators of the world to withhold their sanction : " evil is impotent and has no power but that which we let it extort from us , " and , " i saw that evil was impotent ... and the only weapon of its triumph was the willingness of the good to serve it . "
dinapoli used their positions to extort contractors operating on the east side of manhattan .
when the group seeks revenge , the sheriff , who turns out to be porky 's brother , arrives to drive them away , but not before porky 's minions extort the rest of their money and cause them more embarrassment .
this new leader is finally revealed as nicholas demente ( harold gould ) , 99 's publisher , who intends not only to extort the money but also to create weather that will keep people eternally indoors and interfere with television reception , forcing millions of americans to entertain themselves by buying demente 's books and publications .
one of his roles as secretary was to collect , extort and borrow money for the prince .
hill later found out that vario told scola to extort the builders to put the two men on the payroll .
he has recently moved to springfield , and has forced her to extort money from vanessa chamberlain reardon ( her mother ) ] in order to keep their past a secret from dinah 's husband , a.c. mallet .
he is killed underwater by emilio largo ( adolfo celi ) ( spectre no . 2 ) , however , for trying to extort more money from the organization than he had been promised .
( 7 ) with intent to extort from any person , any money or other thing of value , transmits in interstate or foreign commerce any communication containing any threat to cause damage to a protected computer ;
as the term implies , rent extraction happens when officials use threats to extort payments from private parties .
rose would also become becker 's official collector for the rest of the gambling establishments from which becker would extort money .
the new bank president , courtland trenholm ( george brent ) , rebuffs her attempt to extort $ 15,000 from the firm in return for withholding her diary from the press .
according to sean o'mahony , they were tortured in the guardroom in order to extort from them the names of the volunteers who had earlier that morning shot the fourteen members of the cairo gang .
the national bureau of investigation alleged that the four men attempted to extort p30,000 to p50,000 from two employees of the philippine bureau of customs .
the amount of silver paid impressed the danes with the idea that it was more profitable to extort payments from the english than to take whatever booty they could plunder .
this later turned out to be a lie and a ploy to extort money from dot .
closely related to this , is a cartel of corrupt police officials who routinely extort and blackmail lgbti people with the threat of arrest and imprisonment if they do not give them bribes .
he gathered a group of villains together and tried to extort money from the new thunderbolts director norman osborn , but was viciously beaten by osborn and is now forced to secretly work for him .
after the unsuccessful attempt to extort money from campeche , the tiny flotilla sailed north and captured the " obispo " and the british vessel " eliza russell " off the alacranes and then doubled back down the yucatan coast and then , on 12 august , captured the " correo de tabasco " .
it must also be noted that pope innocent iii reiterated papal injunctions against forcible conversions of jews , and added : " no christian shall do the jews any personal injury ... or deprive them of their possessions ... or disturb them during the celebration of their festivals ... or extort money from them by threatening to exhume their dead . " .
in 1973 , priddy was convicted of trying to extort $ 250,000 from a steamship company by threatening to put a bomb aboard one of its vessels , the " island princess . "
in 1995 , dawn gibbons filed a police complaint against sandoval , alleging that she was attempting to extort money by threatening to go to the media with a story involving her illegal employment .
later , sol also confesses that franco extort her to remain in the channel and hold the farce .
tanzanians also view cultural imperialism as a form of symbolic violence that relies on a relationship of constrained communication to extort submission .
he and his supporters argue that he was the victim of a jealous father whose only goal was to extort money from the singer .
with increased strength , he battles iron man once more after attempting to extort money from the u.s. congress , but he is again defeated .
they extort money from the people and deal with them against the teaching of islam " .
croatian leader vlatko maček and his party managed to extort the creation of the croatian banovina ( administrative province ) in 1939 .
the zodiac reappear in the " avengers " , with member taurus attempting to extort local farmers for their land .
when one of blake 's prize race horses is " kidnapped " and held for ransom , fallon learns that peter set it up in order to extort money from blake .
when vargas thus has become the executive , legislature and judiciary of the village all in one person he soon becomes corrupt , first accepting a bribe from brothel owner doña lupe , and soon moving on to extort all of the villagers .
he claims his wife invented the disorderly conduct story as part of a scheme to extort money from him .
in addition to the offenburg programme , the sturm petition of march 1 , 1848 attempted to extort from the government the most far - reaching concessions .
according to locals , he used his communist party status to seize land , extort money , and constantly bully and harass the villagers , even using violence against villagers and their families .
after the group disbanded , whiplash teamed up with orka , shockwave and killer shrike in a plot to take over the retired aircraft carrier , the u.s. intrepid , planning to use it to extort money from the city of new york , or from the us government .
he is a former associate of norman hsu , later convicted of fraud , whom he reportedly kidnapped in order to extort money that hsu had lost in a business transaction .
now it is widely reported to extort businessmen , bureaucrats and politicians for collecting funds .
the general theme of the films is that arch - villain dr. evil plots to extort large sums of money from governments or international bodies but is constantly thwarted by british super - spy austin powers , and ( to a degree ) his own inexperience with life and culture in the 1990s .
the united states department of state 's annual assessment of terrorism also recently criticised venezuela for failing to police the border and stated that colombian rebels and paramilitaries " regularly crossed into venezuelan territory to rest and regroup as well as to extort protection money " .
while traveling in shandong province , he used his power as an envoy of empress dowager cixi to extort money from people , which caused great trouble .
most of these cases arise out of complete ignorance or from a desire to extort money , the journal read .
the local mafia had approached the luchador many times to extort money and other services from him .
von aesch had a criminal record and was sentenced to 15 months in jail in 1961 after trying to extort ten thousand swiss francs from a businessman in zurich by threatening to kidnap his young son .
' they have appealed not to the reason but to the passions and the suffering of their abused and credulous fellow - countrymen , from whose ill - requited industry they extort for themselves the means of a plentiful and comfortable existence . '
meanwhile , will 's childhood friend , garin de lyons , is now in the employ of king edward i and has returned to acre to extort money from the anima templi and to pursue his own , more selfish ends ; and will faces a threat from baybars as the sultan gets nearer and nearer to discovering that it was will who , many years before , ordered an assassination attempt which had failed but had taken the life of baybars ' closest friend .
forced to make amends by becoming a meter maid himself for two weeks , stan learns that he can use the threat of parking violations to extort favors from others from a fellow meter maid ( mike rowe ) .
shea allegedly used his union office to extort money from theater owners in exchange for refusing to call strikes against their businesses .
while searching for a gamma bomb built by thunderball - with which they hope to extort new york city - the wrecking crew encounter and battle several members of the defenders : doctor strange ; nighthawk and the hulk .
( the area around the hotel had been cleared , and no one was injured . ) the bomb was placed by john birges , a heavily in - debt fresno landscaper who had lost at least $ 1 million at casinos in stateline and was hoping to extort another $ 3 million from the bomb threat .
the witches that wang selected used this opportunity to extort bribes from the local officials .
robert tries to extort money from selma 's unrequited love , david graham ( james stewart ) : $ 25,000 and robert will leave selma alone permanently .
major pendennis 's shrewd valet morgan overhears the conversation and makes plans to extort everyone — the major , pen , altamont , sir francis , and lady clavering .
during the period covered by this report , immigration and passport officials continued to use the occasion of the hajj to extort bribes from would - be travelers .
he wrote , " if somebody did try for more than a month to extort or otherwise muscle the chicago tribune — a newspaper i sold as a child — it did not work .
bobby stormed into his motel room , beat him up and tried to extort money from him but learned that paulie gualtieri had been responsible for withholding the funds needed to repair the ride .
the three pay teddy a visit to extort him .
following this , buckland and webster expose themselves as warlocks to the charmed ones and attempted to extort them into giving up their powers .
unloading crews would extort " parking fees " and kickbacks from out of town fish companies .
he uses this control to extort wealth and obedience from the populace .
legal means prove to be insufficient , so the three of them hatch a plan to extort the money from the mayor ( ) .
some burmese nationalists saw the outbreak of world war ii as an opportunity to extort concessions from the british in exchange for support in the war effort .
becker used his position to extort substantial sums , later shown to total in excess of $ 100,000 , from manhattan brothels and illegal gambling casinos in exchange for immunity from police interference .
harrow continued providing services to villains like living laser , but when will o ' the wisp sought removal of his power , harrow implanted a surgical device to extort him into theft .
jealous of the success and fame of his football career , chainlink attempted to extort dule into giving him 90% of all his earnings .
, ( sometimes also translated as " corporate bouncers " , " meeting - men " , or " corporate blackmailers " ) are a form of specialized racketeer unique to japan , and often associated with the yakuza that extort money from or blackmail companies by threatening to publicly humiliate companies and their management , usually in their .
the church said it was investigating whether the programme was part of a campaign to extort money from them .
in plus none we find out that nico did n't really kill her boyfriend , she is just trying to extort money from wilhelmina , with her boyfriend posing as a private investigator blackmailing the slaters .
sileph uses them to extort her to teach him to fire - speak .
while traveling through luyang , liu he was held by yuan shu -- who used liu he to extort troops and supplies from liu yu .
jassar was arrested by iraqi and us forces last year after contacting the british embassy in baghdad and attempting to extort 1 million dollars in return for leading them to mrs hassan 's body .
when magistrate clagett attempts to extort swearengen further over the murder warrant , swearengen responds by enlisting clagett 's toll collector , silas adams , to murder clagett .
upon confronting tracy , the croppers were stunned when ( attempting to extort money ) , tracy revealed that she was pregnant with roy 's baby .
prosecutors said the shootings were part of a plot to extort $ 10 million from local and state governments .
" fatal system error " ( 2010 ) is a nonfiction work written by joseph menn that exposes a story of espionage that penetrates the network of international mobsters and hackers who use the internet to extort money from businesses , steal from tens of millions of consumers , and attack government networks .
he used the general decay and insecurity of the empire at the end of the 14th century as an excuse to extort and rob traveling merchants .
on 7 april 2008 , russell dean landers had his sentence extended for 15 years for attempting to extort his release from prison .
karim bourti was charged with assault after beating a moderate muslim cleric in an attempt to extort funds from him .
starting with the capture of a border crossing and a huge ammunition dump from warlord gulbuddin hekmatyar , a few weeks later they freed " a convoy trying to open a trade route from pakistan to central asia " from another group of warlords attempting to extort money .
the couple found a method to extort money from unsuspecting men , and later called it " the badger game " .
/ four days ago , eleven soldiers died in a fight against the npa who wanted to extort permit to campaign fees in mindoro .
in 1909 , cosmano tried to extort money out of james " big jim " colosimo , a powerful brothel owner in the levee section of chicago .
on october 13 , 2009 , darrow 's co - defendant joseph " joey boy " orlando entered a plea of guilty to conspiring to extort money from a victim who owed darrow money .
they arrange to have the weapon stolen from the office and extort mcmillan for money for its safe and quiet return .
in 1999 judd was convicted of two counts of " mailing a threatening communication with intent to extort money or something of value " and sentenced to 210 months in federal prison .
in 2004 , hacker myron tereshchuk attempted to extort $ 17 million from micropatent by threatening to release confidential information and launch a ddos attack .
other themes are the competition of a turkish kebab restaurant and a greek taverna , a gang trying to extort the owner of the kebab restaurant , ibo 's quest to make the first german kung - fu movie and the pursuit of both titzi and her roommate of spots at a prestigious drama academy .
his later actions showed that his goal was rather to extort as much wealth as possible from hungary 's jews on behalf of heinrich himmler , the head of the ss .
prior to the trial a report was carried to the parliament – " ... as if some busie men had made use of some ill arts to extort such confession ; ... " that a special commission of oyer and terminer was granted for the trial of these witches .
wendt 's character decides to pose as being held hostage by some russian , and calls the swat team on himself ( an inept , budget - strapped band of cops led by colin mochrie ) in an effort to extort $ 50,000 .
in august 2009 , florida circuit court judge colby peel found that the professional objectors ' conduct " constituted an effort to extort money from the class and/or class counsel . "
and especially that neither the petty kings nor counts nor any powerful men in ireland nor their sons with their families do exact , as was usual , victuals and hospitality or entertainments in the ecclesiastical districts or presume to extort them by force and that the detestable food or contributions , which used to be required four times in the year from the farms belonging to churches by the neighbouring counts , shall not be claimed any more .
nico returned after she was suspected of murdering her boyfriend , but was actually hatching a scheme with her boyfriend , who was posing as a detctive , to extort money from her mother .
a blackmailer named baker also traps parry and tries to use him to extort money from irene to keep from turning over parry to the cops .
a number of episodes also revolve around ecological themes , mainly involving doc terror 's attempts to extort money from the governments of the world by threatening to destroy some aspect of the environment .
carla ( mía maestro ) and martin ( jean paul leroux ) are a young upper - class couple fresh from a night of dancing and partying when they cross paths with trece ( carlos julio molina ) , budu ( pedro perez ) and niga ( carlos madera ) , three men who make their living by kidnapping unwitting young adults to extort quick money from their wealthy parents .
she augments her slender income by using her children to extort money - visiting the houses of the rich to tell a pathetic story and beg for help .
starting with the capture of a border crossing and a huge ammunition dump from warlord gulbuddin hekmatyar , a few weeks later they freed " a convoy trying to open a trade route from pakistan to central asia " from another group of warlords attempting to extort money .
in april 2006 , burkle accused " new york post " columnist jared paul stern of attempting to extort money from him in exchange for stopping the publication of stories in page six , the paper 's gossip column , about his private life .
garafola was specifically charged with trying to extort $ 100,000 from a stockbroker .
writing in forbes magazine about the impact of this case on patent trolls , writer jessica holzer concludes : " the high court 's decision deals a blow to patent trolls , which are notorious for using the threat of permanent injunction to extort hefty fees in licensing negotiations as well as huge settlements from companies they have accused of infringing .
many of the charges related to attempts to extort money from the owners and employees of scores , an upscale strip club in manhattan .
according to the police statement from curtis , castagna attempted to extort $ 1,000 from curtis after the encounter , in return for not revealing his " gay lifestyle " to his family .
people also believed in mischievous demons and malevolent spirits who had the capability to extort sacrificial offerings meant for ancestors – in essence these were bullies of the spiritual realm .
near ’s critics called his paper a scandal sheet , and alleged that he tried to extort money threatening to publish attacks on officials and others .
one of the major problems following the handover had been the production of many conflicting and often contradictory laws , many of which were created at the whim of corrupt government officials in order to extort bribes .
according to pelton , the russian government later tried to extort scott 's family , branding him as a " terrorist " and refusing to return the body or issue a death certificate unless money was paid .
coercive power to extort rents from the weavers .
in response to this , the sōkaiya formed fake uyoku dantai , announcing embarrassing company secrets , fictional or not , from loudspeakers mounted on trucks in order to extort money from companies .
before he can get a call through , he is confronted by an old acquaintance , who tells him that there is now a reward out for knowledge of his whereabouts and attempts to extort money from him in exchange for not turning him in .
norman kills daune when he tries to use norman 's secret to extort money from him .
yun and her husband , ae ho kwon , were later arrested in 2003 and charged with trying to extort money from mr. angélil over a false rape claim .
when they only are able to steal some of the " x " , duquesne kidnaps seaton 's fiance , dorothy vaneman , planing to use her to extort the rest of the “ x ” as ransom .
mexican police , whose wages tend to be very low , are notorious for corruption , they extort out of citizens .
on june 4 , 2008 , cali pleaded guilty to conspiring to extort money from the trucker joseph vollaro , who was working at a staten island nascar construction site .
the riots were initially supported by the public , and very few rioters were arrested and convicted , but some of those taking part used the guise of ' rebecca ' to exact revenge on individuals and extort money ; and davies and ' shoni ' both undertook these actions .
he also gave me police escort when some local criminals tried to extort me - 11 policemen from podgorica police intervention unit were with me at all times .
james cosmano also known as " sunny jim " ( july 26 , 1872 - january 22 , 1943 ) was a leader of the black hand street gang in pre - prohibition chicago who tried to extort money from the south side gang .
instead of an all out invasion robert bruce sent raiding parties to extort money from the northern counties .
" eme " godfather joe " pegleg " morgan allegedly attempted to extort money from olmos , the director and lead actor of the film .
the third phase was to extort several million dollars from the united states government .
in a review of the film , dann gire of the " daily herald " said that " nothing feels more desperate than a movie that tries to extort emotions from young viewers .
in their efforts to intimidate and consolidate control , the naxalites tax local villagers , extort businesses , abduct and kill " class enemies " such as government officials and police officers , and prevent aid from getting through to people who need it .
william of newburgh records that wimund made an attack on another bishop in order to extort tribute .
biggs is then deported to jamaica and continues his surge in crime , where he begins to extort money from business people .
war rape was used as a weapon of war and an instrument of systematic ethnic cleansing ; rape was used to terrorize the civilian population , extort money from families , and force people to flee their homes .
she plans for wolcott to murder a young prostitute she knows he favors , and then extort from wolcott money for her " long and comfortable " retirement .
moreover , moss ' lawyer , in an e - mail to the " boston globe " accused the woman 's lawyer of " blatant threats and attempts to extort money " from moss .
the family was portrayed during trial as exhibiting a long history of attempting to extort celebrities .
in norse mythology , king þrymr ( thrymr , thrym ; " uproar " ) of the jotuns ( frost giants ) stole mjollnir , thor 's hammer , to extort the gods into giving him freyja as his wife .
tfg police are known to extort money from travelers at roadblocks , and this is likely an unrelated incident .
they prefer to extort goods out of their victims instead of killing them first and then taking their valuables , as sentinel is actually averse to killing , which will make him constipated for days depending on the circumstances .
disputes between organizations concerning territory consequently arise from two competing organizations attempting to extort from the same " clients " .
in " d'un sirventes mi ven gran voluntate " , written after the death of the emperor frederick ii in 1250 and before 1265 , bertran lambastes the papacy for intentionally keeping the throne of the holy roman empire vacant in order to extort money from imperial candidates : as if he owned the empire .
it was alleged by the defense that the family tried to extort money from lopez , by claiming that lopez stole $ 300 from the family .
the silent drama tells the story of a man who names himself count wladislaw sergius karamzin ( von stroheim ) in order to seduce rich women and extort money from them , especially those who are ignorant enough to let themselves be seduced by him .
barry calls a phone sex hotline for conversation , but the operator attempts to extort money and sends her four henchmen , who are brothers , to collect .
military necessity does not admit of cruelty — that is , the infliction of suffering for the sake of suffering or for revenge , nor of maiming or wounding except in fight , nor of torture to extort confessions .
dushuyev himself has escaped from russia and then in a dramatic statement told the court that he was tortured at a russian army base with electric shocks to extort the false testimony to be used against zakayev .
after she holds stark hostage in an attempt to extort his fortune , stark activates the nanites in her bloodstream , freezing her body in place , before knocking her unconscious .
having taken his niece and nephew to the park , bubsy loses them and is soon caught up in the evil plans of oinker p. hamm , who runs amazaterium and wants to extort money from his unwitting customers who 'll " pay anything to see their own history " .
they claim that the real intention of the activists is to extort money from the state and that the farm 's removal would lead to a worsening of already tense relations between ethnic czechs and roma .
in consequence of an attempt made by garrick in 1750 - 51 to draw him away from covent garden , quin was enabled to extort from his manager a salary of £ 1000 a year , the highest figure then reached in the profession .
the night watchman attempts to extort tai - hoi , selling the ring back to him .
easy tries to reason with frank but mouse shoots him in an attempt to extort information , letting frank bolt for the door and letting a lead escape with him .
the acts of miyuki ishikawa , a midwife who killed over a hundred newborn infants to parents who were unable to support a new child in secret and later attempted to extort the parents , is believed to have spurred public opinion towards the legalization of abortion and the eugenic protection law of 1948 was passed .
knowing this , captain gallery , hoping to extort intelligence from him or his crew , idly threatened to turn him over to the british if he did not cooperate .
efforts to extort $ 100,000 from achille 's widow in return for their silence about the circumstances of his death fail , and augusta decides to sell a valuable portrait of herself she claims was painted by amedeo modigliani to raise the money .
in his first appearance in " detective comics " # 29 , doctor death develops a lethal chemical agent from pollen extract and enacts a plan to use the poison to extort money from wealthy gotham city citizens .
rezko and levine were charged with attempting to extort millions of dollars from businesses seeking to do business with the illinois teachers retirement system board and the illinois health facilities planning board from 2002 to 2004 .
when janissaries could practically extort money from the sultan and business and family life replaced martial fervour , their effectiveness as combat troops decreased .
axel 's descent into addiction requires him to extort a hefty $ 45,000 from his mortified mother to repay what he owes .
in 1633 the building was burned down in an attempt to extort 1000 reichsthaler ransom money from the citizens .
according to the " point reyes light " newspaper , " bishop , her mother jenny villarin , and a friend of villarin , james gamble , were murdered as part of an elaborate scheme to extort $ 100,000 from elderly concord , california residents ivan and annette stineman " .
are blended into the single character lou carson , and it is genest who murders him on his own in an attempt to extort more money from hathaway .
using his position as a pilot and the president 's eye pattern to circumvent security , petachi infiltrates an american military base in england and orders the dummy warheads in two alcm cruise missiles replaced with two live w80 nuclear warheads , which spectre captures and uses to extort billions of dollars from the governments of the world .
among those who settled there were a number of people of treacherous character , who acted as informers against their fellow - jews , and , through malice and envy or to extort money , bore false witness against men of blameless reputation , until , at the request of the community , they were expelled from the island .
sōkaiya also form fake right wing groups , announcing embarrassing company secrets , fictional or not , from loudspeakers mounted on trucks in order to extort money from companies .
the crew was heavily involved in labor racketeering in the n.y.c. district council of carpenters , and used its influence to extort money from new york construction companies and contractors .
two of olmos ' consultants were subsequently killed and a plot to extort the director was uncovered .
in a may 1981 meeting with fbi agents , penn “ freely admitted sending material to [ o'hare ] but stated he had no intent to extort anything .
