a feature article on his suggestion that a visit to the dentist by president eisenhower in 1954 was actually a meeting with extraterrestrials was published in the washington post on february 19 , 2004 .
the oankali are a fictional race of intelligent extraterrestrials in octavia butler 's " xenogenesis " book trilogy ( " dawn " , " adulthood rites " , and " imago " , also published in an omnibus edition under the title " lilith 's brood " ) .
creation of life on earth by extraterrestrials .
he is discovered by another two of the planet 's locals : a nine year - old boy named fostro , and his mother lyneea , a scientist who has spent much of her life searching for extraterrestrials .
according to band leader chris armes , the secret agent mythos was started due to his longtime interest in extraterrestrials and other stories of alien life , which led to the band originally being named area 51 after the supposed secret military base where ufos are said to be stored .
in science fiction , the first contact trope explores the possibilities of first contact between two intelligent species , generally humans and extraterrestrials .
this is a direct diss to reggaeton - duo wisin y yandel because they claim in their album that they are " the extraterrestrials " of reggaeton and their music is beyond mars and jupiter , and consider themselves the best in any reggaeton class meaning the genre all together .
in his book " the message given to me by extraterrestrials " ( now republished as " intelligent design : message from the designers " 2006 isbn 2940252203 ) , claude vorilhon claims that on december 13 , 1973 , he found a spacecraft shaped like a flattened bell that landed inside puy de lassolas , a volcano near the capital city of auvergne .
since the time that reports of purported animal mutilations began , the causes have been attributed variously to natural decomposition , normal predators , cryptid predators ( like the chupacabra ) , extraterrestrials , secretive governmental or military agencies , and cults .
created by stan lee and jack kirby in " the x - men " # 10 ( march 1965 ) , he lives in the dinosaur - populated savage land , which was hidden beneath antarctica by extraterrestrials .
meier has accumulated a large collection of controversial photographs showing alleged spaceships ( called beamships ) as well as alleged extraterrestrials ( humanoids called the plejaren ) .
tom has everybody in the house go into the basement for safety , while he , george and mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials .
it was the world 's bad fortune that the first extraterrestrials to land on earth happened to arrive in twin gulch , idaho on the evening of 14 april , 1956 .
" invasion " tells the story of the town of homestead , florida , during the aftermath of a hurricane in which water - based extraterrestrials infiltrate a small florida town and begin to take over the bodies of the town 's inhabitants through a cloning process .
smith currently lives in aiken county , south carolina where he is writing the nonfiction series " extraterrestrials and sex "-- four of which are already in publication .
further , there are no contemporary reports , records , or any other written support of smith 's views or statements on extraterrestrials , nor are there any reports of statements other than those claimed by huntington .
sagan also helped dr. frank drake write the arecibo message , a radio message beamed into space from the arecibo radio telescope on november 16 , 1974 , aimed at informing extraterrestrials about earth .
with the care and attention to detail needed to stage a hoax , lovecraft concocted an imaginary yet plausible background lore for the false religion of the " old ones " ( which actually are just powerful extraterrestrials ) .
however , the show frequently went against the actual project conclusions , suggesting on many occasions that some sightings were real extraterrestrials .
these extraterrestrials take the form of jewels which monetre believes are a source of great power .
his current exopolitical interests have led him to assert that the undisclosed presence of extraterrestrials is one of the primary forces behind international conflict .
as the extraterrestrials begin to invade , billy , penny , and their comrades begin their attempt to save the human race from the alien menace .
occasionally , the solomons would encounter or think they encountered other extraterrestrials — the most long - lasting such gag being the solomons ' belief that jell - o is an offshoot of a hostile , amorphous , carnivorous species they have often encountered , prompting them to go into hysterics whenever they see it served and attempt to destroy it .
seeing is believing " , in which he suggested that while he believes it is extremely unlikely that extraterrestrials have ever actually visited earth , we must keep our minds open to the possible existence of civilizations a million years ahead of us in technology , where entirely new avenues of physics open up .
other popular short films include the animated comedy " strange invaders " , which combines the themes of extraterrestrials and parenthood and notably appeared on " zed " on march 22 , 2002 , as well as " george lucas in love " .
the series employs science - fiction and fantasy elements in the more recent books ; for instance , the use of extraterrestrials in " asterix and the falling sky " and the city of atlantis in " asterix and obelix all at sea " .
it first appeared in " startide rising " , that tells what happens when " streaker " tries to hide from the extraterrestrials in the ocean of kithrup . " infinity 's shore " and " heaven 's reach " continue the saga of the ship and her crew .
set in october 1957 , immediately upon release of the soviet artificial satellite sputnik , " atomic age " is an ensemble seriocomedy of individuals affected by the first confirmed contact of humans and extraterrestrials .
the räelians believe that cloning technology is a gift that will provide human immortality , brought to earth by extraterrestrials .
" ghostbusters " characters may encounter creatures as diverse as vampires , extraterrestrials , and time - travelers .
hoagland claims the united states government has covered up the presence of extraterrestrials , that the space agency murdered the apollo 1 astronauts , that nasa missions to mars are a " well documented interest of the bush family " , and that there is a clandestine space program which uses antigravity technology reverse - engineered from lunar artifacts and communicated by secret societies .
raël claims to have encountered extraterrestrials on a number of occasions .
this book explores all these schemes and more , using a stream of real and imagined " facts " to explain how shadowy forces — including the cia , the freemasons , the holy see , the trilateral commission , and even extraterrestrials — may be conspiring to shape world events .
raëlians believe that the embassy for extraterrestrials or " third temple " is to support an official contact with extraterrestrial elohim and their messengers of the main religions at the " new jerusalem " .
it is concerned with either conjectures about possible theological belief structures that extraterrestrials might have , or how our own theologies will have to adapt if faced with evidence for the existence of extraterrestrial intelligence .
in an interview , screenwriter david koepp stated his belief that they were planted long ago by the extraterrestrials as a part of a " contingency plan . "
embassy for extraterrestrials .
the book tells of cases of ufo sightings ( such as the case of the brazilian antonio villas boas who was claimed to have been abducted by extraterrestrials in 1957 ) and the men in black .
von däniken had previously stirred public imagination by suggesting that extraterrestrials were involved in ancient civilizations in his popular book " chariots of the gods ? " .
the ishtarians are a fictional sentient race of extraterrestrials who evolved on the planet of ishtar in poul anderson 's novel , fire time .
close encounters of the third kind , ” noisy offices and stores became silent when the late voiceover artist paul frees declared that 610 on the dial could be used as a channel for communication with extraterrestrials .
however , lovecraft never conceived of them as supernatural ; they are merely extraterrestrials who understand and obey a set of natural laws , which to the limited human understanding seem magical .
zig and zag 's tireless efforts to entertain the children of ireland finally paid off in 1989 when the pair were honoured with a jacob 's award , becoming the first extraterrestrials to achieve this feat .
the logo also reflects the group 's interest in ufos and extraterrestrials .
the scientific basis for extraterrestrials pursued the writers to help fox mulder ( david duchovny ) and dana scully 's ( gillian anderson ) beliefs come together , which was furthered in the later seasons of the show .
the risk of forward - contamination is twofold : that human beings may accidentally seed a previously sterile world , thus creating " extraterrestrials " that are really of terrestrial origin ( and which might even make it impossible to determine whether the life later found is terrestric or local ) ; or that an actual alien biosphere could be devastated by earth 's bacteria .
list of fictional extraterrestrials ( r - z ) .
the extraterrestrials that manipulated earth 's politics and economy in the moreau series have been quarantined , but their ai machines ( which may still be manipulating human society ) are now used by humans .
barlowe 's guide to extraterrestrials .
the plot involves telepathy , speaking to animals , and , in the last few pages , an invasion by extraterrestrials .
the program concentrated on such concepts as space flight , robots , telepathy , flying saucers , time travel , and the intervention of extraterrestrials in human affairs .
raëlism , or the raëlian movement , is a ufo religion which teaches that all life on earth was created by humanoid extraterrestrials called elohim , which was the word used for god in many ancient writings .
geller has claimed his feats are the result of paranormal powers given to him by extraterrestrials , but critics such as james randi argue and have demonstrated that geller 's tricks can be replicated with stage magic and are simply " parlour tricks . "
in addition to this , the madech officials had an increasing desire to blend in with the rest of the ufologists and trekkies and were becoming less interested in the raëlian view of elohim extraterrestrials .
after three months , a team breaks into the ship , discovering a group of over a million arthropod - like extraterrestrials , who are then given refuge on earth .
the story takes a broad view of the earth after extraterrestrials return the native land of the romany , on which they had been experimenting .
since the late 1970s , extraterrestrials from other habitable planets or parallel dimensions ( such as " greys " ) and intraterrestrials from hollow earth ( such as " reptilians " ) have been included in the new world order conspiracy , in more or less dominant roles , as in the theories put forward by american writers stan deyo and milton william cooper , and british writer david icke .
the nine books entrusted to the nine unknown contain information on ( 1 ) propaganda and psychological warfare , ( 2 ) physiology , including secrets concerning the " touch of death " , ( 3 ) microbiology , ( 4 ) alchemy , ( 5 ) communication , including communication with extraterrestrials , ( 6 ) gravity , and anti - gravity devices ( vimanas , the ancient ufos of india ) , ( 7 ) cosmology , including hyperspace and time - travel , ( 8) light , and a technology capable of modifying the speed of light and ( 9 ) sociology , including rules predicting the rise and fall of empires .
fiction extraterrestrials .
the mysterons are a fictional race of extraterrestrials which appear in the british science fiction supermarionation television series ' " captain scarlet and the mysterons " and " gerry anderson 's new captain scarlet " , symbolised by ubiquitous projected green rings and the deep bass voice of their human convert , captain black .
the familiarity with which the term was used suggests that this probably was n't the first instance where it was applied to extraterrestrials in spaceships .
it is also worth noting that the descriptions of these creatures ( which by no means fit the common impressions of extraterrestrials ) closely fit the accounts of 15 children and 3 school staff in dyfed , west wales later in 1977 , who observed small ' silvery men with spiked ears ' and helmets working around a ufo .
her stories portray paranormal beings , including vampires , werewolves , and extraterrestrials , interacting with and becoming the love interest of human characters .
extraterrestrials also feature in " the painter " , in which the painter hieronymous bosch is abducted by hideous aliens and forced to paint them , thereby providing the inspiration for the grotesque images in his painting " the garden of earthly delights " .
both carry a golden plaque , depicting a man and a woman and information about the origin and the creators of the probes , should any extraterrestrials find them someday .
kilde is the author of another article , " my 100 encounters with space aliens , " in which she claims that extraterrestrials have saved her life three times .
it promoted " operation lure " , a plan to entice extraterrestrials to land on earth , and described the problems keyhoe had getting information from government agents .
to make the script more marketable , the american fascists were re - cast as man - eating extraterrestrials , taking the story into the realm of science fiction .
greer also uses the project to disseminate his beliefs that the government has concealed advanced energy technologies obtained from the extraterrestrials by suppressing and hiding them in top secret " black projects " in order not to upset the global geo - political power and energy - sector financial status - quo and its oil industry " special interests " .
the decapodian army easily defeats earth 's defense forces ( thanks in no small part to zapp brannigan 's incompetence , after he hands over the activation codes for the entire global defense network to a thinly disguised decapodian operative named " hugh man " ) and earth is enslaved by the crustacean extraterrestrials .
once again , the passengers get into an argument about whether or not there are such things as extraterrestrials who would invade the earth .
the comic depicts a futuristic earth rife with extraterrestrials , pollution , crime and corruption .
the mi - go are a race of extraterrestrials in the cthulhu mythos created by h. p. lovecraft and others .
the kilrathi are a fictional race of warlike , feline extraterrestrials in the popular computer game series " wing commander " by origin systems .
ufo sightings of real extraterrestrials are common in the late spring .
allegedly genuine stories of kidnap by extraterrestrials goes back at least to the mid-1950s , with the antonio villas boas case ( which did n't receive much attention until several years later ) .
there is magic , super - science , extraterrestrials , lost worlds , gods , megalomaniacal super villains , and more .
straith wrote that the u.s. government knew that adamski had actually spoken to extraterrestrials in a california desert in 1952 , and that a group of highly - placed government officials planned on public corroboration of adamski 's story .
as depicted in the " civil war " crossover and series , the public outcry that follows this event leads the government ( with the support of iron man and fellow illuminati member reed richards ) to quickly enact the superhuman registration act ( shra ) , 6 u.s.c. s. 558 , which required those with naturally - occurring superhuman abilities , super abilities acquired through science or magic ( including extraterrestrials and gods ) , and even non - super powered humans using exotic technology , such as iron man , to register as " living weapons of mass destruction . "
one example of a comprehensive , skeptical analysis that focuses on the effects of mass marketing is art historian john f. moffitt 's 2003 book " picturing extraterrestrials : alien images in modern mass culture "
originally described as a utopian society of extraterrestrials native to uranus who had found scientific cures for aging , disease , crime , and other ills , they were later retconned as a colony of the eternals , an offshoot humanity which possessed near - immortality , super - powers and vastly advanced technology even before founding their colony .
the moon was decisively ruled out as a possibility , while venus and mars , long the two main candidates for extraterrestrials , showed no obvious evidence of current life .
at first , he claims he did little more but read briefing reports in the briefing room , which brought him up to speed about the nature of the projects at s-4 and the scope of the historic interaction between extraterrestrials and humans .
eight strong foolhardy chaps , trained at special centre in london , for whom it was all the same , whether to be at war with terrorists , mafia or extraterrestrials .
at the time depicted in the novel , extraterrestrials are not permitted to be members of the assembly — although they may vote in elections for representatives — and bonforte has pledged himself to remove this exclusion .
during a welcome - home party thrown by his friends and family , walton suffers a paranoid delusion as he recounts a flashback of the abduction by the extraterrestrials aboard the ufo .
it is alleged that the united states government conspires with extraterrestrials involved in the abduction and manipulation of citizens .
it deals with the machinations and activities of the cardiff branch of the fictional torchwood institute , which deals mainly with incidents involving extraterrestrials .
the official website speculates that extraterrestrials buried unearthly metals or a spacecraft beneath the spot , or that carbon dioxide seeps out of the earth .
since then , gilliland says that he has experienced close encounters with pleiadeans , andromedans , extraterrestrials from the orion constellation , and thousands of ufos around his sanctuary .
an uneasy truce between the patrol and the brotherhood leads to the extraterrestrials ' defeat in # 112 , june 1967 .
anthony published her first science fiction novel in 1992 with " cold allies " , about the arrival of extraterrestrials in the midst of a 21st century third world war .
cole claimed that governments were working with extraterrestrials to prepare for contact .
he made the claim that on october 7 , 1975 he was contacted by an elohim who took him to another planet where he met buddha , moses , jesus and muhammad and received teachings passed on in his second book " les extra - terrestres m'ont emmené sur leur planète " ( " extraterrestrials took me to their planet " ) .
explanations include living humans imprinting thoughts directly on an electronic medium through psychokinesis and communication by discarnate entities such as spirits , nature energies , beings from other dimensions , or extraterrestrials .
after spending some time in a moreau youth gang , he worked as a detective in cleveland , where he helped discover infiltration of earth 's governments by extraterrestrials .
carter 's idea was to present fbi agents investigating extraterrestrials and paranormal events , but carter also wanted to deal directly with the characters ' beliefs .
it should be noted that , although the real names of the band members are known , the band members themselves have never publicly acknowledged their true identities , and steadfastly claim to be extraterrestrials sent to earth to play surf music .
the first room served as an attraction for their proposed raëlian embassy for extraterrestrials .
the articles usually involve a certain military having a confrontation with ufos or extraterrestrials .
published under barker 's own imprint , saucerian books , this book proposed that the men in black were , themselves , extraterrestrials .
five extraterrestrials — the xudarian tomar - dar , brik , ash , m’hdahna and the aforementioned salaak — appear on earth in the apartment of kyle rayner , who at the time , is the green lantern of earth , and the only green lantern in existence .
michel desmarquet 's 1993 book " thiaoouba prophecy " contains a detailed description of the continent mu , allegedly experienced by the author while under the instruction of extraterrestrials .
mcguinn in particular felt that if the song was played on radio there was a possibility that extraterrestrials might intercept the broadcasts and make contact .
set in contemporary times , the battle of the gods ( extraterrestrials thought to be gods by the ancient greeks ) continues .
the great i am ” , which made contact with extraterrestrials a vital part of its teachings .
unfortunately , he is tricked into piloting the " g - attacker " , one of four " gran divas " , in a mission to defeat the mechanical extraterrestrials called the zeravire .
samuel eaton thompson ( 1875 ? - 1960 ? ) was an american contactee who claimed to have been in contact with extraterrestrials .
extraterrestrials .
in the game boy game " alien olympics 2044 ad " , extraterrestrials perform unorthodox olympic - like events in the year 2044 .
here , greek myths are the human testimony of the epic battles between robots piloted by extraterrestrials .
deep throat claimed that it began after roswell , when an ultrasecret conference of power brokers in the united states , the soviet union , united kingdom , china , france , west germany , and east germany , signed a treaty that if an alien spacecraft crashed on earth and the extraterrestrials survived , the country that held them would be responsible for their immediate extermination .
kilde 's rescue by extraterrestrials .
intelligent extraterrestrials living in the turbulence of jupiter 's upper atmosphere whose advanced gravity technology allows them to alter the orbital plane of the planet 's moons and thereby avoid the type of cometary impact which , obliquely , precipitated their exodus from an unknown ' firsthome ' to jupiter itself .
when the reading audience of comic books became predominately young boys in the mid - to - late 1950s , the focus of superman stories shifted toward science fiction - inspired plots involving extraterrestrials , fantasy creatures and bizarre , often contrived , plots .
while not directly suggesting a cover up of evidence , the brookings report does suggest that contact with extraterrestrials ( or strong evidence of their reality ) could have a somewhat disruptive effect on humanity , and briefly mentions the possibility of withholding such evidence from the public .
heinlein reportedly named his main character " smith " because of a speech he made at a science fiction convention regarding the unpronounceable names assigned to extraterrestrials .
paper clip " concludes the story regarding the agents ' possession of a digital tape containing government secrets on extraterrestrials .
he is a respected researcher who mysteriously vanished while trying to make friendly contact with extraterrestrials through the use of brother band , a type of em wave technology .
they also first encountered extraterrestrials .
the beginning was the end : ape brain cannibalism ) , alfred w. mccann ( creationism ) , elaine morgan ( aquatic ape hypothesis ) , raël ( creation by extraterrestrials ) , b. h. shadduck ( de - evolution ) , zecharia sitchin ( ancient astronauts ) , lothrop stoddard ( pan - aryanism and racial purity ) , stanisław szukalski ( zermatism : post - deluge easter island vs. yetis ) , the " urantia book " ( intelligent design by life carriers ) , george van tassel ( space brothers aliens ) , erich von däniken ( ancient astronauts from the chariots of the gods ? ) , etc .
in " the mysterons " , captain brown , partnering captain scarlet , is appointed the leader of an operation to protect the world president from assassination at the hands of the extraterrestrials .
a friend warns him that there are many extraterrestrials , that many are " bio - androids " , and that they are aware their only foes on earth are psychics .
the plaque was designed to be understandable by extraterrestrials should they encounter it .
though early contactees spoke of extraterrestrial contact , but the general tone and the sort of messages imparted by extraterrestrials seemed almost interchangeable , in many accounts , as those offered by mediums and mystics .
raëlians believe that the embassy for extraterrestrials or " third temple " is to support an official contact with extraterrestrial elohim and their messengers of the main religions at the " new jerusalem " .
this ancient indigenous knowledge ( the nommo ) and the supposition that extraterrestrials might have been in contact with the dogon was popularized by robert k. g. temple in his book " the sirius mystery " ( 1976 ) and tom robbins " half asleep in frog pajamas " ( 1995 ) .
the terrace is to be above the rooms in the torus , which are for extraterrestrials only .
it combined the quest to find proof of the existence of grey - like extraterrestrials with a number of ufo conspiracy theory subplots , in order to form its primary story arc .
several factions of extraterrestrials have been using the moon to dump garbage .
in paul di filippo 's novel " time 's black lagoon " , the gill - man is depicted as descending from a race of extraterrestrials who came to earth during the devonian period on a giant spaceship called " the mother " .
the figure reported by witnesses became associated with extraterrestrials because it was sighted shortly after a ufo report near the same area .
intrigued by the often - heard phrase " life as we know it " , anderson wanted to set the aliens of his new series apart from the conventional extraterrestrials of 1960s television and cinema .
the generation i characters include extraterrestrials zig and zag and their dog zuppy , all of whom were present during the original " dempsey 's den " .
list of fictional extraterrestrials ( j - q ) .
the novel and animated series ghost in the shell touch on the potential of inorganic sentience , while classical works of fiction and fantasy regarding extraterrestrials have challenged people to reconsider long held traditional definitions .
montgomery was a prolific writer on the subject of clairvoyance , reincarnation , past life regression , psychic phenomena , and clandestine extraterrestrials , most of which were sold as popular mass market paperbacks .
raëlian embassy for extraterrestrials .
the kt debate covers the various theories discussing the extinction of dinosaurs and the possibility that an asteroid wiped them out , providing the prompt : " the us government will allow fifty billion dollars to an organization that provides scientific evidence for or against defense from asteroids and other extraterrestrials .
elektro takes up a job as a mail attendant in the fantastic four 's headquarters , the baxter building , and later joins his fellow rehab - program creatures , the extraterrestrials fin fang foom , googam and gorgilla , to defeat the microscopic alien conqueror tim boo baa .
serrano contends that the last documents relating to them were destroyed along with the alexandrian library , and that latterly these beings have been misunderstood as extraterrestrials arriving in spaceships or ufos .
" extraterrestrials took me to their planet " ( 1975 ) .
in january 1950 , " true " went back to press after a sold - out issue in which donald e. keyhoe suggested that extraterrestrials could be piloting flying saucers .
the climax involves extraterrestrials with ufos and giant mouse robots attacking the modern city .
kane 's apparent purpose in bringing them to earth was to gain access to their highly advanced technology , as he thought to use the monolithic " threshold " towers the extraterrestrials constructed to bring him and his followers to reach " ascension " .
then he 's sent to antarctica to wipe out another batch of surly extraterrestrials .
some of the songs and the album artwork detail the band 's fascination with ufos , extraterrestrials and the possible coverup of their existence by the united states government .
there are also humorous joke endings in every game ( except " silent hill 4 " ) , most commonly referred to as the " ufo ending " because the main character comes in contact with extraterrestrials . " silent hill 3 " and " silent hill : origins " , however , both force a good ending on first - time players , with bad and joke endings for players who use a continuing save .
according to believers , the fact that latitude 14 , which crosses the legendary city of machu picchu , in peru , also crosses alto paraíso , has caused appearances of flying saucers and extraterrestrials .
james oberg also criticizes the idea that the dogon tribes drew their knowledge from extraterrestrials , citing instead their extensive contacts with western explorers , travelers and missionaries as well as members of the french army , with whom some members of the dogon served during world war i. james clifford however notes that griaule sought informants best qualified to speak of traditional lore , and deeply mistrusted converts to christianity , islam , or people with too much contact with whites .
with this example before them , nasa placed a more comprehensive ( and eclectic ) message aboard voyager 1 and 2—a kind of time capsule , intended to communicate a story of our world to extraterrestrials .
lilith , along with the few other surviving humans , are saved by extraterrestrials , the oankali , after a " handful of people [ a military group ] tried to commit humanicide , " leading to a missile war that destroyed much of earth .
yeti is the name of sasquatch ( bigfoot ) , also called seti which is equivalent to the extraterrestrials called the seirians
devil encounters extraterrestrials and is briefly transported to earth via magic before returning to his home world .
li furthermore believes " humankind is degenerating and demons are everywhere " , extraterrestrials are infiltrating the earth , and that africa boasts a 2-billion - year - old nuclear reactor .
the nature of les invisibles is left unclear , though it is hinted that they may be extraterrestrials , or beings akin to the great old ones in the works of h. p. lovecraft .
extraterrestrials .
some abduction researchers have speculated that encounters with nordics are actually with guardian angels rather than with a species of biological extraterrestrials .
the raëlian embassy for extraterrestrials is the vision of the international raëlian movement to establish an embassy , at a base cost of $ 20 million , with a landing pad that would serve as spaceport for extraterrestrial spaceships .
keyhoe further stated that earth had been visited by extraterrestrials for two centuries , with the frequency of these visits increasing sharply after the first atomic weapon test in 1945 .
manhattan 3 is very similar to our universe in many regards ( save for the existence of satanic chickens , extraterrestrials and talking animals ) .
carter also said that he did not believe that any extraterrestrials have visited earth .
as earth 's defenders , they have to fight against every threat that the earth faces from extraterrestrials .
based on melinda metz 's " roswell high " children 's book series , the program followed the lives of four extraterrestrials who had survived the roswell crash and assumed the form of human teenagers .
andorians are a fictional race of humanoid extraterrestrials in the " star trek " universe .
indeed , the ( roughly ) three centuries from the scientific revolution through to the beginning of the modern era of solar system probes were essentially the zenith for belief in extraterrestrials in the west .
while differences between the specific theories exists , they share the idea that intelligent extraterrestrials visited earth in the distant past and made contact with then living humans .
unbeknownst to him , a race of extraterrestrials called the gua have identified him as subject 117 in an experiment to test human resilience .
purportedly a native of roswell , new mexico , ufo phil writes novelty songs about extraterrestrials and science fiction .
he believed that extraterrestrials had used the region as a base to capture energy for their space travels .
published online at www.thewordistruth.org , it contended that extraterrestrials had appeared on earth periodically to help spur human technological advancement .
though his books advocated the existence of ufos and extraterrestrials , barker was privately skeptical of the paranormal .
williamson spiced his books with additional ouija - revelations to the effect that some south , central and north american ancient civilizations actually began as colonies of human - appearing extraterrestrials .
one theory that could explain such seemingly impossible coincidences is the idea that extraterrestrial beings had some influence on the evolution of life on earth in the distant past , specifically that extraterrestrials were directly involved in the evolution of primates , including humans .
extraterrestrials and the modern era .
his only novel , " the tides of god " , came out in 1989 and concerns millennialism being inspired by extraterrestrials .
because it will take 25,000 years for the message to reach its intended destination of stars ( and an additional 25,000 years for any reply ) , the arecibo message was more a demonstration of human technological achievement than a real attempt to enter into a conversation with extraterrestrials .
in 1933 , the swedish novelist gustav sandgren , using the pen name gabriel linde , published a science fiction novel called " den okända faran " ( the unknown danger ) , where he describes a race of extraterrestrials : " [ ... ] the creatures did not resemble any race of humans .
contactees are persons who claim to have experienced contact with extraterrestrials .
along with the imagined geopolitics of 1975 the book deals with a far away planet of extraterrestrials able to influence earth while they sleep , believing that the planet and all of humanity are simply part of their dreams that they can toy with .
two other plot threads relate the interaction of j with frank the pug ( an extraterrestrial refugee posing as a pug dog , who becomes j 's partner early in the film ) and the revelation that k keeps a race of minuscule extraterrestrials inside a storage locker at grand central terminal , the locker encasing their whole world .
the arecibo message of 1974 , designed to communicate the existence of human life to hypothetical extraterrestrials , was transmitted toward m13 .
list of fictional extraterrestrials .
however , shklovsky and carl sagan argued for serious consideration of " paleocontact " with extraterrestrials in the early historical era , and for examination of myths and religious lore for evidence of such contact .
like george adamski and most other contactees of the period , he said he was able to maintain continual telepathic links with the wise and helpful extraterrestrials he had met .
the kaleds ( an anagram of daleks ) , are a race of humanoid extraterrestrials and the forebears of the daleks .
in livre 6 , we learn one possible explanation for perceval 's peculiarities : his parents found him in a crop circle ; in livre iii.i.22 , it is strongly implied that crop circles are made by visiting extraterrestrials .
that he did claim to contact extraterrestrials who spoke of sacred mountains .
five years after the events of the earlier film , agent k ( tommy lee jones ) has assumed civilian life as a small town 's postmaster while agent j ( will smith ) continues to work for the men in black , the self - funded new york city - based agency that secretly monitors and regulates extraterrestrials ' activity on earth .
it has also been pointed out by lds apologists that unlike many of smith 's statements , there is no indication that smith claimed that his opinion on extraterrestrials was revealed to him by god .
the voyager spacecraft , which carries photographs of earth ’s most prominent man made structures and natural features should it fall into the hands of intelligent extraterrestrials , includes a photo of nubble light with images of the great wall of china and the taj mahal .
combining his ideas with those of ancient astronaut believer zecharia sitchin , he proposes an alternative model for the origin of " homo sapiens " - that of deliberate planting by alien beings , or of interbreeding with extraterrestrials .
other stories include the canyon being haunted by a demon called " black star " , being home to extraterrestrials and/or a secret military installation , and being guarded by indian spirits .
according to rosin , von braun also spoke of the existence of " off planet cultures " ( extraterrestrials ) and government conspiracies to keep the existence of them a secret .
all of the interview statements which do not explicitly mention extraterrestrials were taken from authentic interviews with south africans who had been asked their opinions of zimbabwean refugees .
after a series of unearthly and devastating incidents in japan , italy and panama , the u.n. space research center determines that a race of aggressive extraterrestrials , known as the natal , are operating from an outpost on the moon , in order to seize control of the earth .
now the delicate art is undergoing a revolution of sorts with some inspiration from latin music , extraterrestrials and the realities of cramped apartments . " - yahoo / afp "
martians are the fictional race of extraterrestrials from the h.g. wells novel " the war of the worlds " .
vorilhon , other raëlians , and their critics have characterized raëlianism as an atheist " religion " that believes not in god , but in extraterrestrials .
he stated that the possible existence of intelligent extraterrestrials did not contradict church teaching
he has recently created a new book series about extraterrestrials , " billy clikk " , and a manga series , " miki falls " .
the premise of the novel is that the old secretary - general has recently died ; his heir is more interested in extraterrestrials than the earth beasts who went extinct due to excess pollution .
but most people involved in the case agree that it was something involving extraterrestrials .
since then , fabio zerpa has reported on more than 3000 cases of ufo sightings and contact with extraterrestrials .
since appearing in the media in the 1970s , crop circles have become the subject of speculation by various paranormal , ufological , and anomalistic investigators ranging from proposals that they were created by freak meteorological phenomena to messages from extraterrestrials .
betty and barney hill were an american married couple who rose to fame after they claimed to have been abducted by extraterrestrials on september 19–20 , 1961 .
list of films featuring extraterrestrials .
they believe that elohim ( plural ) are advanced extraterrestrials who created humanity and life on earth whose previous and ancient contacts have provided the founding for many major religions in existence today .
scientists believe that the alien abduction phenomenon is a subjectively real phenomenon with roots in psychology and culture , but that it does not provide credible evidence for visiting extraterrestrials .
according to him inscriptions on rocks refer to space ships and rituals practiced between extraterrestrials and humans .
the respondents were asked whether they believe in supernatural beings , ghosts , witches , ufos , jesus the son of god , holy spirit , angels , satan , demons , extraterrestrials , astrology , or that god created the world like it says in the bible , that everything is predestined , etc .
in ufology some believers describe nordic alien extraterrestrials ( called pleiadeans ) as originating from this system .
hendry admitted that he would like to find evidence for extraterrestrials but noted that the vast majority of cases had prosaic explanations .
years later , lex comes into conflict with superman , as he attempts to recreate the accident that cost him his hair to contact extraterrestrials .
today he is the center of the cult , which includes elements from christianity , candomblé , spiritism , extraterrestrials , and egyptology .
he also believes that extraterrestrials are real .
the catholic church has not made a formal ruling on the existence of extraterrestrials .
it is inhabited by a human - like race that resemble the native americans of the area , though they are actually extraterrestrials who arrived in prehistoric times .
bakun notes that " alternative 3 " and the intermittent availability of watkins ' book " lent itself to conspiracist interpretations , " and though " alternative 3 " did not mention ufos or extraterrestrials , many of the plans mentioned in " alternative 3 " have been featured in later assorted conspiracy theories .
many writers on flying saucers in the mid-1950s , such as desmond leslie , george hunt williamson , daniel fry and morris k. jessup also developed ancient astronaut themes , including " proofs " that many ancient civilizations were colonies of extraterrestrials who eventually lost their technological secrets and became indistinguishable from humans , and/or that many other ancient civilizations were the result of human contact with aliens .
in 1995 , he created , a science fiction manga depicting a fantastic universe in which extraterrestrials draw an innocent human into their rather strange intrigues .
in 1974 also founded a band called " the masked ball of the extraterrestrials " .
majestic 12 is also the name of the organization colloquially known as men in black for which morris fletcher and others work with a limited degree of knowledge about extraterrestrials .
again , no one cares as to why the martians need such fluid , or even whether the reported invaders are martians or extraterrestrials at all .
the assumption of radical diversity amongst putative extraterrestrials is by no means settled .
" star wars " humans live on many different worlds throughout the galaxy , with many populations living alongside other extraterrestrials on other worlds , or together with several other species — something which is most common either on the cosmopolitan worlds at the core , or on the frontier at the outer rim of the galaxy , such as on tatooine .
pleiadeans ( also spelled pleiadian or plejaran ) is the name given to what are said to be a group of extraterrestrials from the pleiades star cluster in the constellation taurus , approximately 400 light years from earth .
they plan to fly the spacecraft to washington , in order to convince the american government that earth is under attack by extraterrestrials .
however the first use of the specific phrase " little green man " in reference to extraterrestrials that aubeck found dates to 1908 in the " daily kennebec journal " ( augusta , maine ) , in this case the aliens again being martians .
bennewitz was already interested in reports of ufos , alien abduction and cattle mutilations , and he interpreted the secret program as evidence of extraterrestrials presence on earth .
this signal was transmitted in order to help extraterrestrials detect the tam and diagnose the radio propagation effect of the interstellar medium .
overseas , richard james havis of " the hollywood reporter " stated , " this bollywood epic crunches together romance , comedy , extraterrestrials , martial arts , dancing and action to tell an entertaining story about a reluctant indian superhero " but said it may be " far too crazed for foreign viewers " .
puppeteers were one of the species detailed in " barlowe 's guide to extraterrestrials " .
masters were one of the species detailed in " barlowe 's guide to extraterrestrials " .
he confided to her that because of gleason 's interest in ufos , u.s. president richard nixon , who was a friend of his , had arranged for him to view bodies of extraterrestrials at homestead air force base , florida , under conditions of extreme secrecy .
revell hired wayne barlowe ( author / artist of " barlowe 's guide to extraterrestrials " ) to design the toys .
modern readers may interpret her visions as films and her overall experience as a contact with time travellers or extraterrestrials .
in the field of ufology , humanoid refers to any of the claimed extraterrestrials which abduct human victims , such as the greys , the reptilians , nordics , and martians .
lilith , along with the few other surviving humans , are saved by extraterrestrials , the oankali , after a " handful of people [ a military group ] tried to commit humanicide , " leading to a missile war that destroyed much of earth .
carl sagan and iosif shklovsky argued for serious consideration of " paleocontact " with extraterrestrials in the early historical era , and for examination of myths and religious lore for evidence of such contact .
" extraterrestrials took me to their planet " ( 1975 ) , vorilhon alleges that he had alien encounters with beings who gave him knowledge of the origins of all major religions .
the varginha ufo incident was a mass - media information incident , mainly by tv , in varginha , brazil , in 1996 involving popular reports of unidentified flying objects and strange creatures ( allegedly extraterrestrials ) which were supposedly captured by brazilian officials .
originally named , goku is born a member of a fictional race of extraterrestrials called saiyans .
meier reports regular contact with extraterrestrials who impart spiritual and philosophical wisdom .
sitchin believes that fallout from nuclear weapons , used during a war between factions of the extraterrestrials , is the " evil wind " described in the lament for ur that destroyed ur around 2000 bc .
proty is the name of two fictional extraterrestrials in the dc comics universe .
although the hypothesis of a deliberate cosmic silence of advanced extraterrestrials is also a possibility , the failure of the seti program to announce an intelligent radio signal after four decades of effort has at least partially dimmed the prevailing optimism of the beginning of the space age .
he goes on to say that there are many more like them , all extraterrestrials from a planet where everyone has a twin .
awakened 30 years later , fighting yank joined his former comrades against those extraterrestrials .
the main story arc involves the agents ' pursuit to uncover a government conspiracy hiding the existence of extraterrestrials and the u.s. government 's collaboration with them .
the two aliens succeed in repairing their spaceship and set out for their own world , which turns out to be earth ; the aliens are actually humans , and the astronomer 's people are actually enormous tentacled extraterrestrials .
this hypothesis represents an extension of the eth where the alleged extraterrestrials could be potentially from anywhere .
in the first chapter of the book , the protagonists are involuntarily teleported to a planet occupied by arachnid extraterrestrials ( and , indeed , named " arachnius iii " ) .
a third is that if there are no other worlds fit to support life ( and thus no extraterrestrials competing with humans to occupy them ) it is both futile to flee , and foolish to imagine that it would take less energy and skill to protect the earth as a habitat , than it would take to construct some new habitat .
in 1998 , ayre appeared as tommy mcpherson in the mock - documentary ' , which depicted a rural family as they were besieged by bizarre unexplained occurrences , before being abducted by extraterrestrials .
