is a citizen of yemen held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mohammed quasam ( born c. 197 ? ) is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
some use the term " dispute resolution " to refer only to alternative dispute resolution ( adr ) , that is , extrajudicial processes such as arbitration , collaborative law , and mediation used to resolve conflict and potential conflict between and among individuals , business entities , governmental agencies , and ( in the public international law context ) states .
said amir jan is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdullah hekmat is a citizen of afghanistan , best known for the time he spent in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
shakhrukh hamiduva ( born in 1983 in kokand , uzbekistan ) is a citizen of uzbekistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
through chavez 's early life , venezuela had enjoyed a period of economic and democratic stability that was remarkable in south america at the time , although torture , ill - treatment , extrajudicial killings , political disappearances and corruption were widespread ; the stability was based on the massive foreign exchange earnings from oil sales .
asadullah jan is a citizen of pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mahrar rafat al quwari is a citizen of the west bank , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
yasser talal al zahrani ( september 22 , 1984 – june 10 , 2006 ) was a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
allal ab aljallil abd al rahman abd is a yemeni citizen held in extrajudicial detention at the american naval base at guantanamo bay , cuba .
forced speech refers to any sort of speech which is coerced from an individual by legal or extrajudicial means .
ahmed rashidi ( also known as ahmed errachidi ) is a citizen of morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the united states department of defense acknowledges holding eight iraqi captive in extrajudicial detention in guantanamo .
is held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
said mohammed is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
using the false name of gustavo niño , astiz specialized in infiltrating peaceful organisations protesting against extrajudicial execution , identifying their members and , after a sufficient number had been identified , kidnapping them .
saed farhan al - maliki v. george w. bush is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of saed farhan al - maliki , a saudi who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states ' guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
khalid bin abdullah mishal thamer al hameydani was captured and held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
several of the captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps had their continued detention justified by having documents containing their names listed on alneda 's web - pages .
jabran said bin al qahtani is a saudi who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdul helil mamut is a citizen of china who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdallah aiza al matrafi is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held for six years in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
some involve government - sanctioned assassination , also known as targeted killing or extrajudicial execution .
violent deaths and enforced disappearances during the counterinsurgency in punjab , india , ” presents empirical findings suggesting that the intensification of counterinsurgency operations in punjab in the early 1990s was accompanied by a shift in state violence from targeted lethal human rights violations to systematic enforced disappearances and extrajudicial executions , accompanied by mass “ illegal cremations . ”
it included senator patrick leahy 's anti - atrocity alien deportation act , which made torture and extrajudicial killings in other countries reason for a person 's deportation from the us to that country .
fethi boucetta ( aka " abu mohammed " ) is a citizen of algeria , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdullah kamel abdullah kamel al kandari is a citizen of kuwait , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdullah muhammed abdel aziz is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
clive stafford smith , one of his lawyers , compared yacoub al amir 's extrajudicial detention by the americans to his great - great - grandfather 's detention by the british in the 19th century .
villar also said that the new body will address extrajudicial killings and press freedom as priorities .
they report that bashmillah was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states ' bagram theater internment facility , and the cia network of black sites .
haji bismullah is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
walid mohammad haj mohammad ali is a citizen of sudan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
recently , there have been a slate of extrajudicial killings in botswana , which many link to the dis and there is a growing fear that the dis is becoming a law onto its own .
in july 2008 , human rights watch documented dozens of arbitrary detentions , disappearances , acts of torture , and extrajudicial executions in ingushetia .
civil movements in thailand were active in 2000s , with some groups perceiving the thaksin government as authoritarian , citing extrajudicial killings in his war on drugs , special security laws passed by the administration , and the government 's increasingly hardline responses to the insurgency in the southern provinces .
oriel house had become an embarrassment to the fs government because of its extrajudicial killings , so a decision was taken to terminate the cid .
ibrahim daif allah neman al sehli ( born on 28 october 1965 in medina , saudi arabia ) was held in extrajudicial detention in guantanamo bay naval base in cuba .
in the process of resisting the coup attempts , government agents were reported to have killed forty people , both civilians and surrendered rebels , either as extrajudicial executions , or through the use of disproportionate force .
anwar hamdan muhammed al - noor ( ) is a citizen of saudi arabia best known for the five years he spent in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
salim mahmoud adem mohammed bani amir is a citizen of sudan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
sheikh salman ebrahim mohamed ali al khalifa is a citizen of bahrain who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
rashid awad rashid al uwaydah is a citizen of saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
according to cher s jimenez writing in asia times online , as of 2007 , there is an increasing international awareness of the extrajudicial harassment , torture , disappearances and murder of filipino civilian non - combatants by the philippine 's military and police .
he viewed the extrajudicial court as a denial of china 's sovereignty .
regarding human rights under the current government of president paul kagame , human rights watch has accused rwandan police of several instances of extrajudicial killings and deaths in custody .
notably the george w. bush presidency is reported to have used the camp for the secret extrajudicial detention of ghost prisoners .
a total of 778 captives have been held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba since the camps opened on january 11 , 2002
encounter ” became synonymous with extrajudicial execution .
said boujaadia is a citizen of morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
in south africa for example , extrajudicial execution by burning was done via a method called necklacing where rubber tires filled with kerosene ( or gasoline ) are placed around the neck of a live individual .
a forced disappearance ( desaparecidos ) , on the other hand , as form of extrajudicial punishment is perpetrated by government officers , when any of its public officers abducts an individual , to vanish from public view , resulting to murder or plain sequestration .
abdul rahman owaid mohammad al juaid is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
hamidullah is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
jihan wali is a citizen of pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
hassan zumiri " ( also known as ahcene zemiri ) " is an algerian citizen who spent eight years in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the central security organization , which is part of the ministry of interior , maintains a paramilitary force and also has its own extrajudicial detention facilities .
said muhammed salih hatim is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay naval base , in cuba .
ahmed yaslam said kuman is a citizen of yemen held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abd al hizani is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
moath hamza ahmed al alwi is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdel hadi mohammed badan al sebaii sebaii is a citizen of saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mohammad gul is an afghan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
extrajudicial capture and transportation by us authorities .
the former soviet union and communist bloc countries used to kill dissidents via extrajudicial killing during the cold war .
sharbat is an afghan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
in brazil , the bankruptcy law ( 11,101/05 ) disciplines the judicial or extrajudicial recuperation & bankruptcy and is applicable only to private companies , except financial institution , credit cooperative , consortia , entity of supplementary schemes , society that operates health care plan , society of capitalisation and other entities legally treated as issues .
merza khan is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
is a citizen of yemen held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
born in palestine , hussein azzam was a former prisoner held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
lynching in the united states was the practice of killing people by extrajudicial mob action in the united states of america , chiefly from the late 1700s through the 1960s .
at various times , a number of other terms were used for this category : " special settlement " ( спецпоселение ) , " special resettlement " ( спецпереселение ) , " administrative exile " ( административная высылка , a term which refers to an extrajudicial way of deciding the fates of people " by administrative means " .
ahmad tourson is a citizen of china , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the pair describe being held in extrajudicial detention following the invasion , together with a large number of foreigners .
was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
mukit vohidov is a citizen of tajikistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abd al hizani is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abaidullah is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp , in cuba .
lahcen ikassrien is a citizen of morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
othman ahmed othman al omairah " ( also transliterated as othman ahmad othman al - ghamdi ) " is a citizen of either yemen or saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the united states maintained over 750 captives in extrajudicial detention in
colonna had the support of the french cardinals and those who were impressed with the clout he carried with the various italian city - states , but did not have the support of the roman public ( who would have preferred niccolo d'acciapaccio ) due to colonna 's use of extrajudicial violence during his uncle 's papacy .
a legal advisor , and an assistant legal advisor were part of the office for the administrative review of detained enemy combatants team tasked to conduct combatant status review tribunals of captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
during alexandre 's acting presidency , amnesty international reported " excessive use of force by police officers " , extrajudicial executions , a lack of investigations into these , escalation of " unlawful killings and kidnappings by illegal armed groups " , failure of officials to prevent and punish violence against women , dysfunctionality of the justice system , and forty or more people imprisoned without charge or trial .
task force usig was created in 2006 as the government ’s response to the extrajudicial killings .
hansen is notable for his wide publications on military justice and the treatment of the captive held in extrajudicial detention by th ebush presidency .
ali hamza ahmed suleiman al bahlul " ( also transliterated as ali hamza ahmed sulayman ismail ) " is a citizen of yemen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
extrajudicial punishment .
bismullah appointed to be the transportation director for ghereskh by the hamid karzai administration was sent to guantanamo , where he was held in extrajudicial detention for seven years .
the existence of extrajudicial punishment is considered proof that some governments will break their own legal code if deemed necessary .
arkan mohammad ghafil al karim is a citizen of iraq who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
nationalists were increasingly angered by what they viewed as great injustices , including the ponce massacre , the extrajudicial murders of some members , the jailing of albizu for his advocacy of violent resistance , and the impending changes of puerto rico 's status from a non - autonomous territory to a partially self - governing commonwealth .
former philippine senate president jovito salonga enumerated 3 main / current problems of the philippines : poverty , graft and corruption in government and society , and increasing criminality including extrajudicial killings .
fahmi salem said al sani is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
law on this occasion was referred to by lord chancellor ellesmere in the case of the post nati in 1608 as a precedent in favour of the authority of the extrajudicial opinions of judges then beginning to be seriously impugned .
sufyian barhoumi is a citizen of algeria , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
it will probably steal the thunder from puno 's own summit on extrajudicial killings and forced disappearances .
attorneys from nixon peabody prepared the habeas corpus petition for captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
nicholson 's incarceration in bethlem hospital was extrajudicial , and george 's political opponents depicted it as the act of a tyrant bypassing the rule of law .
abdullah tabarak ahmad ( عبدالله تبارك أحمد ) ( guantanamo detainee id is 56 ) is a citizen of morocco , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
amnesty international confirmed these reports in 1985 , and also expressed concern about several extrajudicial killings for which fretilin had claimed responsibility .
this presented a set of principles : respect for human rights and multi - party democracy , rejection of army rule and dictatorship , recognition of islam , arab and berber ethnic identity as essential aspects of algeria 's national identity , demand for the release of fis leaders , and an end to extrajudicial killing and torture on all sides .
davis wright tremaine partners bud walsh and rick cys prepared the habeas corpus petition for abdul haleem , one of the captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
hozaifa parhat is a citizen of china who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
the separate system of state military police courts creates a climate of impunity for police elements involved in extrajudicial killings or abuse of prisoners , which is the single largest obstacle to altering police behavior to eliminate such abuses .
offenses , or participates in a group which metes out extrajudicial punishment to such a person .
claus pleaded guilty to playing a role in the routine abuse of captives held in extrajudicial detention in the bagram theatre detention facility in 2002 during the period claus 's unit , the 519th military intelligence battalion , was assigned to bagram .
isa ali abdulla almurbati is a citizen of bahrain who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
all official inquiries on the matter concluded that baader and his two accomplices committed collective suicide , and baader - meinhof biographer stefan aust argued in the original edition of his book , " the baader - meinhof group " ( 1985 ) that they almost assuredly did kill themselves , but it remains an article of faith among many people on the left that they were murdered , including irmgard möller who still insists that the deaths and her injury were extrajudicial executions .
a total of 778 captives have been held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba since the camps opened on january 11 , 2002
among the abuses listed were extrajudicial killings , beatings , torture , and rape by security forces ; limits on freedom of speech and the press and freedom of assembly ; arbitrary arrest and detention ; and widespread corruption .
sharaf ahmad muhammad masud is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
at the time of his 2006 death , former dictator augusto pinochet was under investigation or indictment in at least six cases involving extrajudicial executions , kidnapping , and torture dating from the military government of 1973 - 89 .
extrajudicial prisoners of the united states .
is a petition for habeas corpus filed on behalf of jamal kiyemba , a captive formerly held in extrajudicial detention in the united states ' guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
in a meeting of the council that monitors the iranian press , saharkhiz , who was representing the owners and editors of the press , confronted gholam hossein mohseni ejehei , the hard - line cleric who was at that time the prosecutor of the special court for the clergy [ an illegal extrajudicial and extra - constitutional court for controlling dissident clerics ] .
the complaint accuses arroyo of corruption , extrajudicial killings , torture and illegal arrests .
born on march 9 , 1982 , in manama , bahrain , abdulla majid al naimi " ( also transliterated as abdullah al noaimi ) " is a bahraini , formerly held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
is a citizen of tunisia , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdul zahor is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
national summit on extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances .
formed in 2008 , the judicial executive legislative advisory and consultative council ( jelac ) was the brainchild of kiko pangilinan , first proposed on the july 16 - 17 , 2007 manila hotel summit on extrajudicial killings and forced disappearances in the philippines .
extrajudicial killings .
mohammed saduq is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
nayif fahd mutliq al usaymi was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
er 3.6 states , in part : " a lawyer who is participating or has participated in the investigation or litigation of a matter shall not make an extrajudicial statement that the lawyer knows or reasonably should know will be disseminated by means of public communication and will have a substantial likelihood of materially prejudicing an adjudicative proceeding in the matter . "
mohammed nasir yahya khusruf is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
khan zaman is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the bush administration asserted that all captives taken in the " global war on terror " could be held there , in extrajudicial detention , without revealing their names .
abdullah bin omar is a citizen of tunisia formerly held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
this he says , is the course of the current extra - legal and extrajudicial system .
a total of 778 captives have been held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba since the camps opened on january 11 , 2002
gensburg is notable for volunteering to assist a captive held in extrajudicial detention in the usa 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
muhamed hussein abdallah ( ) is a citizen of somalia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
sahib rohullah wakil is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
sameur abdenour is a citizen of algeria who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
extrajudicial dispute resolution .
extrajudicial sanctions examples include restitution or compensation , service to the victim or community , attendance and participating in counselling and treatment programs , etc .
six defendants , including peiper , complained to the court they had been victims of physical violence or threats of violence intended to force them to provide extrajudicial confessions during the instruction of the trial .
adil had al jazairi bin hamlili is a citizen of algeria who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
muhammed yahia mosin al zayla is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay naval base , in cuba .
attorneys from debevoise & plimpton worked on behalf of captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
its aim is to highlight the 900 + extrajudicial political killings in the philippines , and the second highest ( to iraq ) murder rate of journalists in the world .
the 22nd puno supreme court is set to hold a national consultative summit on extrajudicial killings on july 16 and 17 , 2007 at the manila hotel .
he was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantánamo bay detainment camps , in cuba , and later repatriated on november 4 , 2005 .
abdul ghaffar is a citizen of afghanistan who was held for more than four years in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdul ghafour is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
in 2007 , incidences of extrajudicial killings dropped 87% , with the decline attributed to the creation of a special task force to handle the killings .
since the russian military invaded chechnya for the second time in 1999 , the court agreed to hear cases of human rights abuse brought forward by chechen civilians against russia in the course of the second chechen war , with 31 rulings to date as of june 2008 ( including regarding the cases of torture and extrajudicial executions ) .
in practice , though , extrajudicial killings have been illegally performed by police and domestic forces in various countries and times , sometimes under the guise of martial law , as we see below .
jalil andrabi was subjected to extrajudicial execution allegedly by indian paramilitary troopers and renegades in march 1996 .
mirza mohammed is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
according to american counter - terrorism analysts there was a sharandam training camp -- an afghan training camp -- and attendance there was justification for extrajudicial detention in guantanamo .
three kazakh citizens , yaqub abahanov , abdulrahim kerimbakiev , and abdallah tohtasinovich magrupov , all born in semey , are held in extrajudicial detention in the united states ' guantanamo bay detainment camp , in cuba for alleged ties to the taliban .
amran baqur mohammed hawsawi is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
hadj boudella is a citizen of bosnia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
alif khan is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mohammed jayed sebai is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
the cbcp is also expected to discuss other pertinent issues , including extrajudicial killings of activists and journalists as well as the implementation of the new anti - terror law .
anti - communists argue that the repression in the early years of the bolshevik regime , while not as extreme as that during stalin 's reign , was still severe by any reasonable standards , citing the examples such as felix dzerzhinsky 's secret police , which eliminated numerous political opponents by extrajudicial executions , and the brutal crushing of the kronstadt rebellion and tambov rebellion .
the al birr foundation is one of the organizations pinpointed by a team led by mark denbeaux that were used to justify the continued extrajudicial detention of captives held in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
ali husein muhammad shaaban is a citizen of syria , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
according to a human rights watch report a saudi named khalid al-'uaizi , and two other saudis , were repatriated , from extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , to saudi custody on july 20 , 2005 .
the report also states that indiscriminate rocket attacks , as well as ill - treatment and extrajudicial execution of detainees by palestinian armed groups , constitute violations of laws of war .
ibrahim sulayman muhammad arbaysh is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
muhammad saad iqbal is a pakistani citizen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
extrajudicial detention , and that of fellow bahraini abdurahim al murbati ,
kamilya mohammedi tuweni is a citizen of the united arab emirates who reports being held in extrajudicial detention in kenya , somalia , and ethiopia .
in the 1940s , puerto rican nationalists were increasingly angered by what they viewed as great injustices towards puerto rico , including the ponce massacre , the alleged extrajudicial murders of certain nationalists , the jailing of pedro albizu campos for his advocacy of violent resistance , and the impending change of puerto rico 's status from a non - autonomous territory to a partially self - governing commonwealth .
abdullahi sudi arale is a citizen of somalia who was held for two and a half years in extrajudicial detention by the united states .
a number of the captives held in extrajudicial detention in guantanamo had their continued detention justified , in part , through a frendship or family relationship with the two attackers .
former senator kraisak choonhavan called in november 2006 for former premier thaksin shinawatra to be investigated for crimes against humanity connected to 2,500 alleged extrajudicial killings carried out in 2003 against suspected drug dealers .
the camp commanders used the nearby forest ( falstadskogen ) as a site for extrajudicial executions of prisoners of war , and executions following show trials of political and jewish prisoners .
khalid saud abd al rahman al bawardi is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
omar hamzayevich abdulayev is a citizen of tajikistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdullah ali al utaybi was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
there has been speculation as to whether khama will drop his current vice president , mompati merafhe , who has been roundly criticized by some political commentators for not giving practical political advice to the president during the imposition of the alcholol levy and the extrajudicial killings allegedly committed by government agents .
extrajudicial killings and forced disappearances in the philippines .
even so , it remained the most common extrajudicial method applied by the lords at the time of quia emptores .
several other members were killed in extrajudicial detention in libya during the 1980s .
many human rights organisations like amnesty international along with the un are campaigning against extrajudicial punishment .
" parhat v. gates " no . 06 - 1397 ( d.c. cir . ) is a petition for review under the detainee treatment act of 2005 filed on behalf of hozaifa parhat , and six other uyghur captives held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
a total of 778 captives have been held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba since the camps opened on january 11 , 2002
extraordinary rendition and irregular rendition are terms used to describe the apprehension and extrajudicial transfer of a person from one state to another . "
murat kurnaz ( born march 19 , 1982 in bremen , germany ) was held in extrajudicial detention and had been tortured at the u.s. military base in kandahar , afghanistan and in the u.s. military prison at guantanamo bay naval base , cuba for four years .
a devout muslim , basit disappeared from his home on january 4 , 2004 , and was believed to have been taken into covert extrajudicial detention in a secret pakistani interrogation center for the next three and a half years .
abdul bagi is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
makindye prison was a uganda government state - run prison which became notorious as a hell hole for extrajudicial killings and execution of government opponents during the time of ugandan dictator , idi amin .
iftikhar 's examination of the circumstances of hafiz abdul basit 's detention would trigger a wider inquiry into the practice of pakistan 's intelligence and justice organs holding captives in extrajudicial detention .
documented evidence exists that the nkvd committed mass extrajudicial executions , guided by secret " plans " .
however , the ruling was shelved due to extrajudicial issues .
the cases concerned the russian federal forces ' indiscriminate aerial bombing of a civilian convoy of refugees fleeing grozny in october 1999 ; the " disappearance " and subsequent extrajudicial execution of five individuals in grozny in january 2000 ; and the indiscriminate aerial and artillery bombardment of the village of katyr - yurt in february 2000 .
it charges him with extrajudicial killing , war crimes and other gross human rights violations .
in his extrajudicial writings , he also speculated that , in the most exceptional circumstances , an act of parliament that egregiously violated fundamental rights might be void at common law .
abdur sayed rahaman " ( also transliterated as shed abdur rahman ) " is a citizen of pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
salam abdullah said is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp , in cuba .
regarding human rights under the current government of president paul kagame , human rights watch has accused rwandan police of several instances of extrajudicial killings and deaths in custody .
is a citizen of tajikistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdul rahman abdullah mohamed juma kahm ( ) is a citizen of afghanistan , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the torture victim protection act of 1991 ( tvpa ) , , is a statute that allows for the filing of civil suits , in the united states , against individuals who , acting in an official capacity for any foreign nation , committed torture and/or extrajudicial killing .
in particular , it ruled that the guantanamo captives were entitled to an opportunity to hear , and challenge , the allegations the dod felt justified their continued extrajudicial detention .
gul mohammed is a citizen of afghanistan held in extrajudicial detention in united states custody in it bagram theater detention facility , in bagram , afghanistan .
in addition to the regular camps for captives held in extrajudicial detention there is a guantanamo psychiatric ward at the guantanamo bay detention camp complex in cuba .
according to " the guardian " the human rights group reprieve identified the " pomeroy " and sixteen other usn vessels as having held " ghost prisoners " in clandestine extrajudicial detention .
al silm haji hajjaj awwad al hajjaji is a citizen of saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
the operation included a cia - backed campaign of extrajudicial killings by government - backed units , most notably battalion 316 .
a total of 778 captives have been held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba since the camps opened on january 11 , 2002
following the united states supreme court ruling in rasul v. bush , the united states department of defense was forced to conduct reviews of the combatant status of the captives held in extrajudicial detention in its guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
adel hassan hamad is a citizen of sudan , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp , in cuba .
abdul al - rahim ghulam rabbani is a citizen of pakistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdul rahman shalabi is a citizen of saudi arabia held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
she was arrested in 1944 and sentenced by an extrajudicial body special council of the nkvd to five years in the gulag .
muhamad naji subhi al juhani is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
aminullah baryalai tukhi is a citizen of afghanistan , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
wali mohammed is a citizen of afghanistan held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
human rights watch investigated extrajudicial murders in the philippines in september 2007 .
ahmed hassan jamil suleyman is a citizen of jordan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
mohammed nasim is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
ruzatullah , and haji rohullah , two men held in extrajudicial detention in bagram had a writ of habeas corpus .
saleh ali jaid al khathami is a citizen of saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdul aziz abdul rahman abdul aziz al baddah is a citizen of saudi arabia best known for the four and a half years he spent in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba his internment serial number was 264 .
mohammed souleimani laalami ( born march 4 , 1965 ) is a citizen of morocco who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
abdul ghappar abdul rahman is a citizen of china best known for the seven years and ten month he spent in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
on july 16 , 2007 , philippine chief justice reynato puno and justice adolfo azcuna officially declared the legal conception of the philippine writ of amparo – " recurso de amparo " , at the historic manila hotel national summit on extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances .
furthermore , allegations of state terrorism and genocide committed by the sri lankan government have led to solidification of demand for a separate state for minority tamils to add to the tamil people 's separatist sentiments , acts of mass violence , rape , extrajudicial executions , whole scale round ups , forced detention , torture and other forms of inhuman treatment by members of sinhalese dominated sri lankan security forces within the north and east provinces have further created communal tensions among the tamil people the mistrust in the sinhala dominated armed forces and the perceived discrimination faced by the tamil population lead the tamil people to believe that only eelam could provide long term safety and came to believe that their very survival was possible only through formation of a separate tamil state on the island
american intelligence analysts justify the extrajudicial detention of guantanamo suspects because they stayed in what they characterized as an al qaida safe house .
rustam akhmyarov is a russian who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps .
in january 2007 , a united nations report described the increased persecution , torture and extrajudicial killing of iraqi lesbians and gay men by the shia death squads of the badr and sadr militias ( the armed wings of the two main shia parties that control the government of iraq ) .
ibrahim mahdy achmed zeidan is a citizen of libya , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
in addition , larger cases where both sides are representad by attorneys , and other cases where extrajudicial mediation have take place , may bypass the conciliation board and go straight to the district court .
protected by a secret service detachment of delta prime , enforcing his will through hearings and secret trials that made huac look " like a girl scout meeting " , and extrajudicial executions of many prisoners , the united states quickly became a neo - fascist nightmare .
the 22nd puno supreme court is set to hold a national consultative summit on extrajudicial killings on july 16 and 17 , 2007 at the manila hotel .
is a citizen of saudi arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abd al nasir muhammad abd al qadir khantumani ( عبدالنصیر محمد عبدالقدیر خانتمانی ) is a citizen of syria , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp , in cuba .
hassan mujamma rabai said is a citizen of algeria , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
salih uyar is a citizen of turkey who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp , in cuba .
lutfi al - arabi al - gharisi is a citizen of tunisia held in extrajudicial detention by the united states .
perpetrators often practiced a type of extrajudicial punishment to conduct summary executions ( 즉결처분권 ; 卽決處分權 ) .
however , the ban was soon used as a pretext for the indonesian army to go throughout the country carrying out extrajudicial punishments , including mass arrest and summary executions , against suspected leftists and sukarno loyalists .
abdul razak is a citizen of afghanistan , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
she later claimed that the ' suicides ' were actually extrajudicial killings .
ali sher hamidullah is a citizen of uzbekistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mustafa ahmed hamlily is a citizen of algeria , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
abdullah abdulqadirakhun is a citizen of china , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
ibrahim othman ibrahim idris is a citizen of yemen , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states ' guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
security forces have sometimes operated in " a climate of impunity , " and have used excessive , lethal force against criminal suspects , and reportedly have committed or been connected to numerous extrajudicial , arbitrary , and unlawful killings .
extraordinary rendition and irregular rendition are terms used to describe the kidnapping and extrajudicial transfer of a person from one state to another , and the term torture by proxy is used by some critics to describe situations in which the u.s. has purportedly transferred suspected terrorists to countries known to employ harsh interrogation techniques that may rise to the level of torture .
shawali khan is a citizen of afghanistan , held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
amanullah is a citizen of afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states bagram detention facility , in afghanistan .
abdul hakim bukhary ( ) is a citizen of saudi arabia , who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states 's guantanamo bay detention camps , in cuba .
mullah mohammad fazil is an afghan held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detainment camps , in cuba .
” extrajudicial killings clearly contravene the right to life .
