one reason given was that the church uses a swastika as part of their logo and the other is the raëlian description of an extraterrestrial global government in which those less than ten percent above average intelligence are excluded from the electorate .
ekberg also played an amazonian extraterrestrial in 1953 's " abbott and costello go to mars " .
the extraterrestrial cheese gave chester the power to shrink in size at will .
general tucker ( john crawford ) , an air force officer specializing in extraterrestrial investigations , had tracked the two of them across the country as they evaded alien agents intent on exterminating them .
these sources can be supernatural ( " oh my goddess ! " ) , extraterrestrial ( " urusei yatsura " , " please teacher ! " ) , or technological ( " a.i. love you " ) .
dyson speculated that such structures would be the logical consequence of the long - term survival and escalating energy needs of a technological civilization , and proposed that searching for evidence of the existence of such structures might lead to the detection of advanced intelligent extraterrestrial life .
in 2007 , the slovak private television channel tv joj informed , that the " universe people " sent instructions how to defend against the attacks of evil extraterrestrial entities to the slovak ministry of defense .
spencer bridges is a half human , half extraterrestrial hybrid .
illustrations of atmospheric beasts have appeared in books , exhibiting speculation as to the exotic forms extraterrestrial life might take .
among the changes in the film version are the focus of the secret organization ( only policing and monitoring " extraterrestrial " activity on earth , rather than other paranormal element ) , its methods ( using memory erasure rather than killing witnesses ) , and its goals ( merely maintaining order on earth , rather than directing it ) .
the meteoritical society is a non - profit scholarly organization founded in 1933 to promote research and education in planetary science with emphasis on studies of meteorites and other extraterrestrial materials that further our understanding of the origin and history of the solar system .
extraterrestrial life and ufos .
the corpse is initially identified as jane zweig , a famous business person who operates an extraterrestrial " extreme sports " corporation .
again no extraterrestrial probes were found to limiting magnitudes of 17 - 19th magnitude near l3/l4/l5 , 10 - 18th magnitude for / , and 14 - 16th magnitude for sun - earth .
the popular press gave much attention to lhote 's hypothesis of a prehistoric close encounter and it was later incorporated into the ' " sensationalist claims " made by erich von däniken that ancient extraterrestrial astronauts visited prehistoric earth .
ancient greek cosmology worked against the idea of extraterrestrial life in one critical respect , however : the geocentric universe .
at times , manning respects superman 's common desire to preserve nature , while other times , terra - man fears that superman may be contaminating the earth with extraterrestrial germs and viruses , and thus wishes to end the man of steel 's life before any more " harm " can be done to the environment .
the lack of evidence for the existence of such extraterrestrial life creates the fermi paradox .
according to lazar , s-4 served as a hidden military location for the study of and possibly reverse engineering extraterrestrial flying saucers .
an extraterrestrial species lands in arizona in the mid-1800s .
produced by brannon braga , david s. goyer and david heyman , the series focuses on a secret government project investigating the first contact with an extraterrestrial species .
extraterrestrial life is defined as life which does not originate from planet earth .
christiaan huygens believed in existence of extraterrestrial life .
the times " commented that the episode was " good , salacious , knockabout fun " , the best thing about " torchwood " that " everyday cardiff hums alongside psychotic blowfish and time loops " , and asked " when extraterrestrial push comes to intergalactic shove , how could anyone object to a series that begins with a blowfish driving a sports car ? " . "
p'lod is a fictional extraterrestrial who , according to the american supermarket tabloid the " weekly world news " , actively seeks to advise u.s. politicians for the benefit of the world or the galaxy .
earth science research also provides the foundations of understanding for the search for extraterrestrial life through the nasa astrobiology institute ( nai ) , in which the focus is often on the extreme conditions for life to survive .
tuun - la not of this world is an extraterrestrial being from the tick comics created by ben edlund and published by new england comics press .
after he is subdued by other superheroes present , his violent behavior is discovered to be the result of the influence an extraterrestrial parasite that emerges from dynamo 's mouth .
this is a list of extraterrestrial species that have appeared in various works of fiction featuring aliens .
it is used in the fields of exobiology and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence ( seti ) .
zim is a member of the imperialistic irken race , an extraterrestrial species whose social hierarchy is based on height .
the two extraterrestrial " fix - its " then take up residence in the apartment building and give birth to three baby " fix - its " .
estabilished in 1970 , it has three branches dealing with experimental space research , extraterrestrial physics
before long , the project does , indeed , discover the first confirmed communication from extraterrestrial beings , a repeating series of the first 261 prime numbers ( a sequence of prime numbers is a commonly predicted first message from alien intelligence , since mathematics is considered a " universal language , " and it is conjectured that algorithms that produce successive prime numbers are sufficiently complicated so as to require intelligence to implement them ) .
in his work he rejects the overwhelming scientific consensus that humans evolved from earlier organisms ; instead he asserts that the human race originated at least partly from deliberate intervention by extraterrestrial life ( an " ancient astronaut " claim ) .
based on the evidence which could be gathered , the report concluded that the 1947 incident was not an airplane crash , a missile crash , a nuclear accident , or the recovery of an extraterrestrial craft .
it is an alternative to the extraterrestrial hypothesis ( eth ) .
the hill incident was probably the prototypical abduction case , and was perhaps the first in which the claimant described beings that later became widely known as the greys , and in which the beings were said to explicitly identify an extraterrestrial origin .
since the australasian strewnfield expands with each new tektite discovered on the southern seafloor , this tektite field may yet be found to reach as far as antarctica , but regularly undertaken meteorite recovery expeditions in areas that accumulate extraterrestrial material have found only meteorites and no tektites at all .
" the call of cthulhu " , which also features an extraterrestrial being who influences minds and who is destined to conquer humanity .
clark ( 1993 ) describes an illustration of the gasser from loren coleman 's " mysterious america " ( faber and faber 1983 ) : " [ the artist ] depicts him as a not - quite - human , possibly extraterrestrial being " .
they are collectively the greatest extraterrestrial threat to earth in the first eight seasons of " stargate sg-1 " known to the stargate command ( sgc ) .
created by peter david , calhoun is an extraterrestrial from the planet xenex , and is captain of the federation starship " uss excalibur " .
often in the plots of " jeff hawke " there was a connection between extraterrestrial entities , archaeological mysteries and even supernatural creatures .
here john herschel analyzed them and confirmed for the first time the extraterrestrial nature of the material .
extraterrestrial explorations .
urp is the only one who knows how to stop the hideous extraterrestrial , but to do so he has to take over the body of dr. lewis and enlist the aid of tammy , the only human in town willing to believe and trust in his mission .
since preventing the end of the world alongside jack , she has become a doctor of medicine and a medical officer for the international extraterrestrial response agency u.n.i.t. , and temporarily joins torchwood to assist jack and his team in solving a series of mysterious deaths around cardiff .
deathbird is part of a segment of the extraterrestrial shi'ar race that possesses talon - tipped wings .
unknowingly , the group is hunted by an extraterrestrial life form .
the book contains many messages , delivered through king , as well as predictions and confirmations of activity of extraterrestrial craft .
the creature had an unusual appearance , giving rise to rumors of its extraterrestrial origin .
theories range from alcoholic fumes , to underwater earthquakes , to waterspouts , to paranormal explanations involving hypothetical extraterrestrial , unidentified flying objects , sea monsters , and the hypothetical phenomena of the bermuda triangle .
for example , during marvel 's " mutant massacre " crossover event , leech negated the powers of the superhero team " power pack " whose abilities were bestowed on them by an extraterrestrial .
the dogs then travel to trafalgar square where they are addressed from the top of nelson 's column by sirius , lord of the dog star , an extraterrestrial dog .
pharzoof is a fictional extraterrestrial published by dc comics .
the film leaves the viewer wondering whether prot really was an extraterrestrial from k - pax who took over porter 's human host to save his life — or whether porter really is an insane man whose catatonia is a result of being forced to confront reality .
one supposition is that the discovery of an enantiomeric imbalance in molecules in the murchison meteorite supports an extraterrestrial origin of homochirality : there is evidence for the existence of circularly polarized light originating from mie scattering on aligned interstellar dust particles which may trigger the formation of optical isomers in space .
gradually , on closer examination and from having been shown multiple briefing documents , lazar came to the conclusion that the discs must have been of extraterrestrial origin .
when kemp became dole 's running mate in 1996 , they appeared on the cover of the august 19 , 1996 issue of " time " magazine , but the pair barely edged out a story on the reported discovery of extraterrestrial life on mars , which was so close to being the cover story that " time " inset it on the cover and wrote about how difficult the decision was .
one of the arguments in favor of the psychocultural hypothesis compared with less mainstream interpretations ( e.g. interdimensional " tricksters " or extraterrestrial visitors ) is that the latter lie outside the body of knowledge currently accepted by science whereas the pch does not ( cf .
in discussion of science fiction , a " big dumb object " ( bdo ) is any mysterious object ( usually of extraterrestrial or unknown origin and immense power ) in a story which generates an intense sense of wonder just by being there ; to a certain extent , the term deliberately deflates this .
other sources of complex molecules have been postulated , including extraterrestrial stellar or interstellar origin .
the album 's artwork and liner notes greatly expanded on their secret agent mythos by describing each member as a rogue agent enhanced with super powers through extraterrestrial dna and technology , as well as detailing their struggle against a secret government organization called " the agency .
it leads them to shalmirane , the remains of the fortress where the invaders were fought off with unimaginable weapons , where they encounter an extraterrestrial creature with a strange robot .
seti@home utilizes recorded data from the arecibo radio telescope and searches for narrow - bandwidth radio signals from space , signifying the presence of extraterrestrial technology .
it concluded : " there is no evidence that any uap , seen in the ukadr [ uk air defence region ] , are incursions by air - objects of any intelligent ( extraterrestrial or foreign ) origin , or that they represent any hostile intent . "
the series contained an underlying story arc about mysterious or extraterrestrial forces , including open - ended storylines that were related to each other in the clip shows at the end of the season .
in an intervew , silver described his first book - in - progress as about " the value and limitations of predictions , looking at such diverse industries as fashion design , hurricane forecasting , and the search for extraterrestrial life " .
skeptics , who adhere to the psychosocial hypothesis for unidentified flying objects , argue that the convergence of new world order conspiracy theory and ufo conspiracy theory is a product of not only the era 's widespread mistrust of governments and the popularity of the extraterrestrial hypothesis for ufos but of the far right and ufologists actually joining forces .
robin williams 's characterization of the extraterrestrial mork in the american sitcom mork & mindy included a salutation with a similar positioning of his hands ( along with the words : " na - nu , na - nu " ) .
in the 16th century , the german astronomer johannes kepler attempted to find a relation between the five extraterrestrial planets known at that time and the five platonic solids .
in 1974 , the arecibo message , an attempt to communicate with extraterrestrial life , was transmitted from the radio telescope toward the globular cluster m13 , about 25,000 light - years away .
meier says that the plejaren gave him permission to photograph and film their beamships in order to produce some of the evidence for extraterrestrial visitation .
they extend terrestrial life into much of the earth 's hydrosphere , crust and atmosphere , their specific evolutionary adaptation mechanisms to their extreme environment can be exploited in bio - technology , and their very existence under such extreme conditions increases the potential for extraterrestrial life .
some religious thinkers , including the jewish rationalist commentator rabbi hasdai crescas ( c. 1340–1410/1411 ) and the christian philosopher nicholas of cusa ( 1401–1464 ) , posited the possibility of such extraterrestrial intelligence .
richard h. hall ( december 25 , 1930 - july 17 , 2009 ) was a leading ufologist and proponent of the extraterrestrial hypothesis to explain ufo sightings ; he also wrote numerous books and articles dealing with the role of women in the american civil war .
radiance is not equal to the radiance emitted by the sun ( i.e. the " solar extraterrestrial radiance " ) ,
gordon cooper , a strong advocate of the extraterrestrial hypothesis , claimed to have been fooled by the planet venus when he was a fighter pilot , thinking it a distant enemy plane , and the 1967 " flying cross " of devon , england and the 1966 portage county ufo chase case have both been associated with astronomical sources .
another planetary body that could potentially sustain extraterrestrial life is saturn 's largest moon , titan .
some of these were allegedly initiated by hostile extraterrestrial entities and subsequently defeated largely through the intervention of his plejaren friends .
he is also a recognized pioneer in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence ( seti ) .
supposedly once a meteor crater , the lake is overlooked by a row of houses , called lakeside terrace , built to serve as dwellings for a small cult who worshipped the extraterrestrial being glaaki .
he also stated he knows of no government cover up of extraterrestrial visits and that the rumors that the cia refused to give him information about ufos are not true .
the doctor uses " psychic paper " to pass as their invitation to the party , and he and rose find many elite extraterrestrial beings there to celebrate the end of the earth in the protection of platform one 's automated shields .
raëlians believe that their genetic information is recorded by a remote computer and would become recognized during their final hour when they will be judged by the extraterrestrial elohim .
the company is named for the 37 radio telescope signals identified by astronomer paul horowitz as potential messages from extraterrestrial intelligence .
director of the seti institute 's center for the study of life in the universe and chairman emeritus of the board of seti ( search for extraterrestrial intelligence ) , which he helped found .
in ' , kamacuras made an appearance as one of the many controlled monsters of a race of superior extraterrestrial beings known as the xiliens .
the message is unique in that it is intended to be understood by extraterrestrial beings who would share no common language with humans .
extraterrestrial supplies .
schindewolf was also the first to suggest , in 1950 , that mass extinctions might have been caused by extraterrestrial impacts or nearby supernova .
as a prelude for the invasion of earth by his kind , the extraterrestrial being ikar studies the human race .
biot was interested in reports of unidentified flying objects , and in a 1952 interview with " life " threw his support behind the extraterrestrial hypothesis .
he is an expert in the analysis of extraterrestrial materials .
he says we need the political will to track large extraterrestrial objects , or we risk losing everything .
earth , at peace and complacent , receives a mysterious , extraterrestrial radio signal from trelaina of planet telezart which turns out to be desperate warning of a new enemy , the comet empire .
däniken claimed that a non - rusting iron pillar in india was evidence of extraterrestrial influence .
extraterrestrial settlement .
details extraterrestrial contact through story , metaphysics , quantum science and ancient knowledge .
robert zubrin identified titan as possessing an abundance of all the elements necessary to support life , making titan perhaps the most advantageous locale in the outer solar system for colonization , and saying " in certain ways , titan is the most hospitable extraterrestrial world within our solar system for human colonization .
because of the variety of unusual shapes , sizes and compositions , concretions have been interpreted to be dinosaur eggs , animal and plant fossils ( called pseudofossils ) , extraterrestrial debris or human artifacts .
he had a definite commitment to the truth , and if the truth turned out to be something else [ other than the extraterrestrial hypothesis ] , he would n't have backed away from it " .
gregory matloff has suggested that extraterrestrial intelligences have already colonized the oort cloud , easily avoiding observation by emulating the appearance of natural objects .
ramsey believes it to be an intercepted military dispatch hinting at soviet bioterrorism , while shriffer thinks the message is of extraterrestrial origin .
the " alien " film series is a science fiction horror film franchise , focusing on lieutenant ellen ripley ( played by sigourney weaver ) and her battle with an extraterrestrial lifeform , commonly referred as " the alien " .
he is kidnapped by extraterrestrial aliens from the planet tralfamadore .
the technarchy , or technarchs , are a cybernetic , shapeshifting , fictional species of extraterrestrial origin in the marvel comics ' universe , created by writer chris claremont and artist bill sienkiewicz .
yuggoth is the planet where the extraterrestrial mi - go have established a colony .
this does not mean that extraterrestrial microbes can not act upon one pathogenically : spores might use an organism 's body as hosts , while the ingestion of bacteria in any form could produce toxic chemicals .
one of millikin 's frequent nemeses is el chupacabra , a goat - sucking extraterrestrial and masked mexican professional wrestler .
ruppelt also revealed that in the summer of 1948 , project sign issued a top secret estimate of the situation concluding that the flying saucers were not only real but probably extraterrestrial in origin .
although yondu tried to avoid contact with the outworlder , the planet - wide attack by the extraterrestrial badoon brought the two men together .
authors lynn picknett and clive prince also write of " the stargate conspiracy : the truth about extraterrestrial life and the mysteries of ancient egypt " . "
in spite of its tongue - in - cheek lyrics , both mcguinn and rhythm guitarist david crosby were serious about the possibility of communicating with extraterrestrial lifeforms via the medium of radio broadcast .
friedman argues that , reproducibility is largely irrelevant to the study of ufos , essentially because by definition , scientists do not control variables if ufo phenomena involve intelligent extraterrestrial control ; i.e. in this case , the study of ufos does not involve experiment and experimental methods .
they are of particular interest to astrobiology , the field dedicated to the formulation of theory about the possibility of extraterrestrial life , and to geomicrobiology , the study of microbes active in geochemical processes .
in " crysis warhead " , the player fights north korean and extraterrestrial enemies , in many different locations , such as a tropical island jungle , inside an " ice sphere " , an underground mining complex , which is followed by a convoy train transporting an unknown alien object held by the north koreans , and finally , to the airfield where the game ends with psycho recovering the alien object .
as warner and jennifer chang are rescued by dynamo 5 , the aquarium is flooded , warner falls into a comatose state , and myriad is revealed to be a half - extraterrestrial , with an alien physiognomy .
extraterrestrial life .
oberth , like hill , supported the extraterrestrial hypothesis for ufo origins .
rather , he suggests that an existing tradition of extraterrestrial contact via seances and psychic means promptly incorporated the flying - saucer mythos when it arrived .
because we haven't , this shows that extraterrestrial intelligences do not exist .
shoemaker 's discovery is considered the first definitive proof of an extraterrestrial impact on the earth 's surface .
this piqued eugene 's interest in extraterrestrial life , and began studying and collecting such alien artifacts , even approaching torchwood several times but was always rebuffed .
ryan nevertheless maintains his belief that an extraterrestrial exchange program did occur - although he states that the serpo releases definitely contained disinformation .
hoagland has made numerous claims about the existence of intelligent extraterrestrial life , supported by digitally reprocessed photographic evidence from planetary exploration and testimonials by former government and military officials .
dean has appeared many times on radio , tv documentaries and at conferences discussing the subject of ufos and extraterrestrial life .
shuch first learned about seti , the electromagnetic search for extraterrestrial intelligence , from nicholas marshall , w6olo , a hungarian engineer with whom he served on the board of project oscar , builders of the world 's first non - government satellite .
in philip josé farmer 's " the other log of phileas fogg " , he is said to be eridanean , a member of the ( ostensibly ) more benevolent of two extraterrestrial factions attempting to control the earth .
angel returns to the turtles when her older brother goes missing during a construction job , which leads the turtles to the volpehart building and an extraterrestrial creature that forces them to confront their own fear .
in early 1961 , lovelock was engaged by nasa to develop sensitive instruments for the analysis of extraterrestrial atmospheres and planetary surfaces .
the book goes on to suggest that an organization be given funding and authority to investigate and prepare for extraterrestrial contact .
after leaving the restricted area , groom lake road descends eastward to the floor of the tikaboo valley , passing the dirt - road entrances to several small ranches , before converging with state route 375 , the " extraterrestrial highway " , south of rachel .
thus , even if intelligent life expands elsewhere , it remains statistically possible that such extraterrestrial life might never discover earth .
mr smith is a fictional extraterrestrial computer voiced by alexander armstrong which appears in the british children 's science fiction television series , " the sarah jane adventures " , with further minor appearances in the final two episodes of the fourth series of doctor who .
rural tycoon grant grant ( michael rooker ) is infected by a malevolent extraterrestrial creature that threatens to destroy the human race .
this series of transformations is thought to occur during an extraterrestrial shock event on the earth .
it is arguably the case that , due to the immense distances between stars , any evidence we discover of extraterrestrial intelligence , whether it be an artifact or an electromagnetic signal , may come from a long - vanished civilization .
the two men became roommates , although randy tended to spend more time with their mutual friends glory grant and jill stacy , little realizing the hazards he and peter were sharing such as nocturnal experimentation by the extraterrestrial brll'nah > zhhk < and drugged toothpaste from the green goblin ( norman osborn ) .
although this field remains largely confined to science fiction , the possibility of intelligent extraterrestrial life makes the question of alien language a credible topic for scientific and philosophical speculation .
both hynek and james e. mcdonald suggested their own campuses ( northwestern university and the university of arizona , respectively ) , but they were not accepted , because both men had become lighting rods for ufo - related controversy , though for very different reasons : to some , hynek was tainted by his air force association , while mcdonald was publicly discussing the extraterrestrial hypothesis as a viable explanation for ufos .
the frost line outer space defence system is a network of missile complexes stretching 3,000 miles across north america , dedicated to protecting earth against extraterrestrial threats .
subject matter such as racism and discrimination with extraterrestrial themes were regularly encountered within the books .
an unusually high abundance of iridium in a clay layer of the k – t geologic boundary was a crucial clue that led to the theory that the extinction of dinosaurs and many other species 65 million years ago was caused by the impact of a massive extraterrestrial object — the so - called alvarez hypothesis .
lashina is a fictional character , and extraterrestrial warrior woman published by dc comics .
in " brisingr " , saphira attacks the menoa tree and awakens her , so that eragon can convince the tree to give them brightsteel , an extraterrestrial metal necessary to forge a new sword , in return for any favor it wishes .
it is a densely philosophical novel about an effort by scientists to decode , translate and understand an extraterrestrial transmission .
one other regular is alexander armstrong of comedy duo armstrong and miller , who provides the voice of mr smith , an extraterrestrial computer in sarah jane 's attic .
others offer possible frameworks in which the silence may be explained without ruling out the possibility of such life , including assumptions about extraterrestrial behaviour and technology .
work on the language for the film 's extraterrestrial beings began in summer 2005 , and cameron began developing the screenplay and fictional universe in early 2006 .
dodo was a young extraterrestrial from the planet hena hydro , who came to earth in his flying saucer and had numerous adventures .
mulder continues to investigate a series of extraterrestrial cases at arecibo observatory in puerto rico .
based on this , however , the 18th century exposition " sefer hab'rit " posits that extraterrestrial creatures exist , and that some may well possess intelligence .
meteorites , are unique sources of extraterrestrial material
they collect a sample and find that it contains extraterrestrial single - celled nitrogen - based organisms , which evolve into multi - celled organisms by the time ira gets harry to his office to see the discovery they made .
( carl sagan stated about " the listeners " : " one of the very best fictional portrayals of contact with extraterrestrial intelligence ever written . " )
given that there was no evidence that either the u.s. or the u.s.s.r. had anything remotely like the ufos reported , sign personnel gradually began considering extraterrestrial origins for the objects .
" mega man star force " follows the adventures of geo stelar and his extraterrestrial partner omega - xis , a duo capable of merging together through " electromagnetic wave change " to become mega man .
king said the letter arrived as predicted and he spent hours practising the exercises and pranayama and as a result was able to tune and telepathically receive the kind of extraterrestrial communications the society calls " cosmic transmissions . "
they named themselves after the extraterrestrial by the same name portrayed by michael rennie in the film " the day the earth stood still " .
the new age walk - in belief system now includes a number of variant experiences such as channeling , telepathy contact with extraterrestrial intelligences , or soul merging , where the original soul is said to remain present , coexisting or integrating with the new one .
they consider themselves the reincarnation of an extraterrestrial people , " the equitunas " , who supposedly landed on the earth 32,000 years ago , and later returned in successive reincarnations in civilizations like the hittites , the jonians , the dorians , the egyptians , the greeks , the romans , the mayans etc .
some fans believe that lyrics such as " and we are the ones that want to choose / always want to play but you never want to lose " and the line " life is a waterfall / we drink from the river then we turn around and put up our walls " refers to humankind 's tendency to exploit the earth 's resources , something that may be seen as being " childish " through the eyes of a heavenly being whether it be an angel or an extraterrestrial .
hydroxyl radiates at 18 centimeters , and hydrogen at 21 centimeters ; those two combined form water , and as water is currently thought to be essential to extraterrestrial life advanced enough to generate radio signals , the waterhole is a frequent target of investigation .
bourdon and campan starred in two other movies together , " le pari " ( " the bet " ) , " l'extraterrestre " ( " the extraterrestrial " ) , before légitimus rejoined them for their final film together , " les rois mages " ( the magi ) , in 2001 .
they are notable for their use of extraterrestrial weaponry far in advance of that on earth at the time of the invasion .
the songs on " the raven " are multi - layered and musically complicated , and deal with such subjects as a viking 's lonely voyage , heroin addiction , genetic engineering , contemporary political events in iran and australia and extraterrestrial visitors , " the meninblack " .
in 2003 , he had been in orbit testing an experimental space shuttle when an extraterrestrial object ( later classified as ei-01 ) suddenly appeared in his flight path , smashing his shuttle out of the way .
fournett supported the extraterrestrial hypothesis as the best explanation for some puzzling ufo reports .
while the project has not detected any eti signals ( see extraterrestrial intelligence ) , it has identified several candidate targets ( sky positions ) , where the spike in intensity is not easily explained as noisespots , for further analysis .
the linchpin in the group ’s sound is the interplay between the piano ( which drives most of the melodies ) and the guitars ( which provide most of the atmosphere ) ; while the rhythm section is stretching - stretching - stretching , these instruments are tussling , making for an earthy yet extraterrestrial sort of racket . "
according to dick , the earth satellite used " pink laser beams " to transfer information and project holograms on earth and to facilitate communication between an extraterrestrial species and humanity .
however , the advantage of an extraterrestrial origin of primitive life is that life is not required to have evolved on each planet it occurs on , but rather in a single location , and then spread about the galaxy to other star systems via cometary and/or meteorite impact .
in 2009 , glycine sampled in 2004 from comet wild 2 by the nasa spacecraft stardust was confirmed , the first discovery of extraterrestrial glycine .
it inspired a number of well known 20th century science fiction writers , including ray bradbury , john norman and arthur c. clarke , and was also inspirational for many scientists in the fields of space exploration and the search of extraterrestrial life , including scientist carl sagan , who read the novel as a child .
in a review article , j. david archibald and david e. fastovsky discussed a scenario combining three major postulated causes : volcanism , marine regression , and extraterrestrial impact .
falb 's lasting legacy is that he popularized the concept of extraterrestrial influences of geophysical phenomena , even though his concepts regarding the origins of earthquakes were wrong .
the being known as cosmo racer is an amnesiac extraterrestrial android who requires specials crystals to power his " roller boots " up for interstellar travel .
this was mistranslated into the english as " canals " which , being artificial watercourses , fueled the belief that there was some sort of intelligent extraterrestrial life on the planet .
at the same time , scientist luis walter alvarez put forth his hypothesis that a large extraterrestrial body had struck earth ; and in 1981 , oblivious to penfield 's discovery , university of arizona grad student alan r hildebrand and faculty adviser william v boynton published a draft earth - impact theory and were seeking a candidate crater .
then he speaks of a personal desire to settle in the countryside and write an autobiography of events happening prior to his purported extraterrestrial encounters beginning in december 13 , 1973 .
wwn was a journalistic leader in following the progress of bat boy , the half - bat , half - boy superhero ; and p'lod , an extraterrestrial who became involved in earth politics and had an affair with hillary clinton .
his red eye is infra red , his green eye allows him to access maps , his blue eye lets him see all electronic devices and his purple eye shows him extraterrestrial landmarks .
after the last sample return mission by luna 24 in 1976 , more than twenty five years passed before another mission , known as genesis was able to return an extraterrestrial sample to earth from beyond earth orbit .
other scientists theorize the quantity of civilizations that might exist in a galaxy and others are actually listening for the possible radio chatter of extraterrestrial technical civilizations .
some ufo proponents accepted idh because nobody had demonstrated an anti - gravity or speed - of - light travel hypothesis that could explain extraterrestrial machines .
in 2000 , simone embarked on a three year trip around the world to the most mystical , sacred and powerful places on earth investigating local , cultural and historical links to the unexplained , para - normal and extraterrestrial components of many ancient civilizations and belief systems .
bloody mary is a fictional extraterrestrial vampire in the dc comics universe .
but when you arrive , you discover that someone at the party has been involved in extraterrestrial foul play .
although the hangars at s-4 contained 9 extraterrestrial craft , lazar only had close contact with one such craft , which he nicknamed the " sports model " .
this possibility only exists in yet - unknown extraterrestrial biospheres , as no ratios of true gametes to polar cells other than 4:0 and 1:3 ( male and female , respectively ) are produced on earth .
" l.e.g.i.o.n. " , is a team of fictional extraterrestrial superheroes , a science fiction comic book published by dc comics .
if the extraterrestrial origin of these phenomena should be confirmed , this would prove the existence of an intelligent interplanetary relationship ...
it tells the story of a message of intelligent extraterrestrial origin received by seti - scientists . "
in his science fiction novel " the hercules text " , jack mcdevitt describes an extraterrestrial message based on powers of 2 as a starting point .
in addition to being an accomplished pilot , engineer , soldier , and businessman , rhodes derives multiple abilities from various hi - tech armors , either designed by stark industries or extraterrestrial in nature .
interestingly , the voyager golden record , which is intended to be read by an intelligent extraterrestrial ( perhaps a suitable parallel to a human from the distant future ) , is recorded in analog rather than digital format specifically for easy interpretation and analysis .
atmospheric focusing is a phenomenon occurring when a large shock wave is produced in the atmosphere , as in a nuclear explosion or large extraterrestrial object impact .
the mrdini are a fictional extraterrestrial species from the rowan / talent series by anne mccaffrey .
in regard to extraterrestrial life , schyrleus wrote , “
to this end , he has sought answers within the extraterrestrial church , the eternal light corporation , though he has since discovered them to have a sinister agenda .
59ni has been used to date the terrestrial age of meteorites and to determine abundances of extraterrestrial dust in ice and sediment .
the novel deals with a crew of astronauts investigating an extraterrestrial entity and explores the nature of identity and consciousness .
as an example , sagan believes that because the dogon seem to have no knowledge of another planet beyond saturn which has rings , that their knowledge is therefore more likely to have come from european , and not extraterrestrial , sources .
aldebron is a fictional extraterrestrial supervillain in the marvel universe of the axi - tun race .
similarly , douglas hill 's 1983 book " have your own extraterrestrial adventure " in which the reader plays the part of an instellar " gun for hire " , although the structure of the book resembles the " choose your own adventure " series rather than " fighting fantasy " .
the grinning man is sometimes described as being an extraterrestrial , men in black or a hominid cryptid and was investigated by notable paranormal author john a. keel and ufologist james moseley .
frédéric caudron ( b. january 27 , 1968 in mons , belgium ) is a belgian professional three - cushion billiards player , nicknamed " l'extraterrestre " ( " the extraterrestrial " ) .
from june 9 - 11 , 2006 , he assembled and took part in the hawaii conference on world peace and extraterrestrial civilizations .
to do so , six of the world 's most brilliant scientists and the same number of the most powerful wizards were assisted by draic kin , a race of friendly extraterrestrial beings .
between 1978 and 1980 , he published three books , two of which were about his theories on extraterrestrial visitations , and also spoke at conferences on alien phenomena .
the paranormal aspect of extraterrestrial life centers largely around the belief in unidentified flying objects and the phenomena said to be associated with them .
the team watch for new tomorrow people " breaking out " to help them through the process and sometimes deal with attention from extraterrestrial species .
the syndicate , operating at the highest levels of power , concealed from the world a program by an unidentified extraterrestrial species to colonize and repopulate the planet , as well as their own plans and stake in that future , which they held to be inevitable .
humans have encountered three extraterrestrial races , which although all bizarrely different in physiology and psychology coexist peacefully .
hastings then noted similar comments by project blue book head edward ruppelt , citing the opinion of a number of los alamos scientists on the green fireballs when he visited in early 1952 , that they might be extraterrestrial probes from an orbiting spacecraft .
in the mid-1960s , like many other ufo researchers , vallée initially attempted to validate the popular extraterrestrial hypothesis ( or eth ) .
the mark ix hawk was designed as a defense against extraterrestrial attack .
once the extraterrestrial radiance is known , one can use the sun photometer for studying the
on arrival , bedford and cavor find the moon inhabited by an extraterrestrial civilization the two refer to as " selenites " .
named by steven m. greer 's cseti group , these purported encounters are joint , bilateral contact events produced through the conscious , voluntary and proactive human - initiated or cooperative communication with extraterrestrial intelligence .
the rutan host , or rutans , are a fictional extraterrestrial race from the british science fiction television series " doctor who " .
the series depicted the adventures of fearless rocket rangers , who operated from omega base , piloting their nuclear - powered space ship beta throughout the solar system , to battle crime and the weird menace of extraterrestrial life - forms .
when europa-1 , the flagship of the planet defense corps , is attacked by an unknown yet lethal aggressor of apparently extraterrestrial nature , the planet defense corps call in zero tolerance , an elite strike squad of six speciality - trained commandos .
copley plays the role of wikus van de merwe , an afrikaner bureaucrat assigned to relocate a race of extraterrestrial creatures unexpectedly stranded on earth , derogatorily referred to as " prawns " , from district 9 , a military - guarded slum in johannesburg , south africa , to an internment camp outside the city .
gary spends time playing football , picnicing with a girl named myna , and contemplating both nuclear warfare and extraterrestrial life .
in the " x - files " episode " little green men , " fox mulder was sent to the arecibo observatory by a u.s. senator because contact had been made with extraterrestrial life .
they can save earth from being destroyed -- cataclysmically over a period of several years -- for the entertainment of a jaded extraterrestrial audience , but only if they will provide alternative entertainment by battling to the death two primitive aliens , who are likewise fighting to save their own distant world .
autons are essentially life - sized plastic dummies , automatons animated by the nestene consciousness , an extraterrestrial , disembodied gestalt intelligence which first arrived on earth in hollow plastic meteorites .
the series shows how the first extraterrestrial contact with the vulcans and subsequent guidance led to earth 's first warp - five capable starship , the " enterprise " , commanded by captain jonathan archer played by scott bakula , and commander t'pol , played by jolene blalock .
while they have skins of various colors , and their bodies differ in some cases from traditional humans , they are very similar to varieties of earth humans , and there is little examination of how their extraterrestrial biology might make them unusual or particularly distinct from terrestrial humans .
the hoax was discovered in the 1960s when the meteorite was being examined for evidence of extraterrestrial biological material .
supporters of an extraterrestrial origin of carbonados , such as dr. stephen haggerty , a geoscientist from florida international university , propose that their material source was a supernova which occurred at least 3.8 billion years ago .
comet shoemaker - levy 9 ( formally designated d/1993 f2 ) was a comet that broke apart and collided with jupiter in july 1994 , providing the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial collision of solar system objects .
stories of extraterrestrial civilizations and interventions in past lives form a part of the belief system of scientology .
eventually , he is recruited by superman to root out a traitor in the team , which turns out to be superman himself , under the control of the extraterrestrial creature starro .
it also aims to protect the earth and its biosphere from potential extraterrestrial sources of contamination in the event of a sample return mission .
on one such occasion , he claims that he was informed that humans were created by an advanced extraterrestrial humanoid race , the elohim , using their knowledge of dna and genetics .
the estimate of the situation was a document supposedly written in 1948 by the personnel of united states air force 's project sign -including the project ’s director , captain robert r. sneider - which explained their reasons for concluding that the extraterrestrial hypothesis was the best explanation for unidentified flying objects .
isochron dating can be further separated into " mineral isochron dating " and " whole rock isochron dating " ; both techniques are applied frequently to date terrestrial and also extraterrestrial rocks ( meteorites ) .
extraterrestrial origin was first proposed in 1979 , but not until 1993 was the impact structure finally confirmed .
fury kills her first , after which she reverts to the form of an extraterrestrial shape - shifter from the hostile skrull race , which has mounted an invasion of earth .
initially the target of the aerial barrage was thought to be an attacking force from japan , but it was later suggested to be imaginary and a case of " war nerves " , a lost weather balloon , a blimp , a japanese fire balloon or psychological warfare technique , staged for the benefit of coastal industrial sites , or even an extraterrestrial craft .
monoliths are fictional advanced machines built by an unseen extraterrestrial species that appear in arthur c. clarke 's " space odyssey " series of novels and films .
" assault on the unknown " about the geophysical year ; " we are not alone " , a bestseller about the search for extraterrestrial intelligence ; " continents in motion " ; " black holes : the edge of the space , the end of time " ; and " landprints " .
while arriving at the castle , the count teaches them that it lodges three ksoriens , indeed extraterrestrial , in training course of mycology , but their immoderate love for the cider the growth with imprudence .
notable paranormal beliefs include those that pertain to ghosts , extraterrestrial life and unidentified flying objects , and cryptids .
julian glover also appeared in 1967 's " quatermass and the pit " , a hammer films adaptation of nigel kneale 's 1950s bbc television original , in which he portrayed quatermass ' nemesis , colonel breen , a military man , initially sceptical of the ancient origin of an archaeologically excavated extraterrestrial spacecraft , who is later ironically in thrall to the murderous energy released from the craft .
in this series , the term wildstorm , the publishing imprint 's codename , was defined as a code term used by the united states government , " wild " referring to extraterrestrial life forms and " storm " referring to invading forces .
due to the extremely low humidity in extraterrestrial environments , very large static charges can accumulate , causing a major hazard for the complex electronics used in space exploration vehicles .
it depicts an adolescent extraterrestrial attempting to abduct a sleeping human .
william l. moore , one of the earliest proponents of the roswell incident , said this in 1997 : " after deep and careful consideration of recent developments concerning roswell ... i am no longer of the opinion that the extraterrestrial explanation is the best explanation for this event . "
yvan dutil is a canadian astrophysicist who , together with his colleague stéphane dumas , has created a noise - resistant coding system for messages aimed at communicating with extraterrestrial civilization .
this speculation has a following , however if it were true it would contradict the extraterrestrial origin of the crisis emperor given within the show itself .
