semiconductor manufacturers can then fabricate integrated circuits on the top layer of the soi wafers using the same processes they would use on plain silicon wafers .
forgers can go to great lengths to fabricate the age of a painting , including painting it on antique canvas and baking it to add cracks .
at the film 's conclusion , rather than telling the truth to the prime minister and other military intelligence services , wormold 's commanders ( led by richardson ) agree to fabricate a story claiming his imagined machines had been dismantled , bestow honors on wormold , and offer him a position teaching espionage classes in london .
the former prostitute says nottingham helped her fabricate a story about how they knew each other so she would not tell investigators that he paid her for sex .
annie cartwright partially persuades sam that he is actually in 1973 , explaining to him that his mind would struggle to fabricate the amount of detail and tangibility in the world in which he finds himself , evidence that he is in fact really in 1973 .
although they no longer design or fabricate chairlifts , they still provide parts and act as contractors for constructing new lifts designed by other manufacturers .
the national ornamental & miscellaneous metals association ( nomma ) is the trade association for shops that fabricate ornamental and miscellaneous metalwork .
high labor content fosters small - scale enterprises by employing low - cost marginal labor to fabricate artifacts which require large labor inputs .
frit compression is the technique used to fabricate buckypaper and buckydiscs from a suspension of carbon nanotubes in a solvent .
authentic ” and entertaining , a balance which sought to not flat out fabricate , but only enhance truth .
next , scott proceeded to fabricate the entire village of swanscombe on a farmside outside london .
shipfitters fabricate , assemble and erect all structural parts of a ship , coordinate all fixed tank work performed on submarines and ships , and coordinate all sonar dome work .
he then falsifies pictures of the two of them in a compromising position and uses it to fabricate a love affair between the two .
these shops provide an in - house capacity to design and fabricate various specialized items of apparatus that may be required for experimental studies but for which there is no readily available commercial source .
female attendees are encouraged to fabricate a moustache to add to the festival 's ambiance .
stock bodies from production road cars were to be used and although the first constructed hotstox featured such bodies , it became clear that creating a stock bodied car was not practical as the time taken to fabricate them proved both time consuming and costly .
samsung electronics signed a deal with digital in june 1996 to second source the alpha 21164a and the company was the only one to fabricate the 666 mhz model .
in the eighties , we call that system integration , and now with the advances of technologies , multicore cpus , open source foundries , virtual machine technologies , a proliferation of glueware technologies and standards , that we can actually " fabricate " more and more applications based on an evolving layers of existing applications and the new app 's can then feed back into the ecosystem for recycling .
the illinois steel bridge company of jacksonville , illinois was subcontracted to fabricate the trusses .
the waterwheels are gbl ’s trademark , but its high skills base means that the enterprise can fabricate all sorts of metal or wood prototypes and is always on the lookout for new product ideas .
the channel would have been extremely difficult to fabricate : the usual techniques of forging would have crushed it .
one recent trend is prop replica collecting , that is , to fabricate and collect reproductions of props seen in movies , tv shows and video games .
later decstations planed to be based on the ecl - based r6000 were cancelled on 14 august 1990 after bipolar integrated technology failed to deliver sufficient volumes of the microprocessor , which was difficult to fabricate .
mips was fabless semiconductor company , that is , they did not have the capability to fabricate integrated circuits .
in the summer of 1989 , tdg and space research corporation ( src ) , purchased the former learfan factory in northern ireland under the name of canira , ltd. learfan wcould fabricate carbon fiber composite materials canira ltd submitted an application to the northern ireland industrial development board for financial assistance towards establishing a facility at the factory to produce components for the international aviation industry .
1904 : ratier was created by the joiner , paulin ratier , in order to fabricate wooden plane - propellors .
a patch antenna is generally constructed on a dielectric substrate , usually employing the same sort of lithographic patterning used to fabricate printed circuit boards .
jack van meter is keough 's and perry 's superior and most times tells perry to fabricate evidence .
three ' 51 ford grills were used to custom - fabricate one , and the bumper was fitted with dagmars .
the reprap project is on track to produce a 3d prototyping machine and free and open source accompanying software that costs about us$ 400 to build and which can fabricate objects at a cost of about us$ 0.02 per cubic centimeter .
during construction of the magnets which were required for the process that would separate the uranium at the y-12 site , a shortage of copper forced the med to borrow 15,000 tons of silver bullion from the united states treasury to fabricate into wire for the electromagnet coils as a substitute .
they fabricate a confidential informant ( " fuzzy dunlop " ) using a listening device concealed within a tennis ball , and take payments meant for the informant to cover the cost when the device is damaged .
special attention has been paid to the selection of all materials coming into contact with the sugar bed or with the hot air stream to make it possible to fabricate food - grade pieces if desired .
a rectangular cross - section is more common than curved ones since it is easier to fabricate in a folded form than a circular one .
since minos controlled the land and sea routes , daedalus set to work to fabricate wings for himself and his young son icarus .
the primary function of a scene shop is to fabricate and assemble the flats , platforms , and other scenic ( set ) pieces required for a performance .
it was his own myth making , together with the desire of others to fabricate yarns about him , that has resulted in much of the misinformation about cohen , from the claim that he had a hand in the making of modern china , to such outlandish ones like him having an affair with soong ching - ling and a wife in canada back in the 1920s .
the " mark of making " grants the power to mend or fabricate material goods .
there are many different ways to fabricate microarrays ; the most common are silicon chips , microscope slides with spots of ~ 100 micrometre diameter , custom arrays , and arrays with larger spots on porous membranes ( macroarrays ) .
programmable matter that can emulate nearly any other form of matter — and nanotech fax machines that can not only fabricate objects on demand , but store and retrieve human bodies ( with minds intact ) , cure disease or reverse aging , or be used as teleporters .
they used carbon nanotube bundles of ~50 nm in diameter to fabricate their proof - of - concept prototypes .
the flange is so important to the shape of the finished surface , that it is possible to fabricate some panels by shrinking and stretching of the flange alone , without the use of surface stretching or shrinking at all .
today the electrostatic motor finds frequent use in micro - mechanical ( mems ) systems where their drive voltages are below 100 volts , and where moving , charged plates are far easier to fabricate than coils and iron cores .
later when akbar came to know of it he apologised to their father and called for tansen to fabricate a new raag which would be called " tana - riri " .
founder - editor of the " dawn " magazine ( 1897 - 1913 ) , an organ of indian nationalism , in 1902 he organised the " dawn society " of culture , to protest against the report of the indian universities commission , representing the inadequate university education imposed by the government to fabricate clerks for the merchant offices .
in powder metallurgy or ceramics it is possible to fabricate components which otherwise would decompose or disintegrate .
due to the unique nature of a tool maker 's work , it is often necessary to fabricate custom tools or modify standard tools .
this makes it difficult to fabricate surface mos devices but does create the potential for uv radiation to get to the active semiconductor without absorption in a surface layer .
hardware historically meant the metal parts and fittings that were used to make wooden products stronger , more functional , longer lasting and easier to fabricate or assemble .
cuddy and wilson both visit him that night and cuddy is infuriated with house because she was forced to fabricate evidence and commit perjury so that his case would be dismissed .
in addition , dr. ho has been among the first to demonstrate the coupling of protein function with a polymer film to fabricate nano energy conversion systems .
in the early 1960s , when nasa announced it was looking for a " block ii " apollo spacesuit to be worn for launch , landing , and extra - vehicular activity ( eva ) , hamilton sundstrand ( then hamilton standard ) , contracted ilc to fabricate the joints for the new suit .
sailors used " canopus " machine shop to fabricate makeshift mountings for machine guns salvaged from patrol wing ten 's damaged aircraft .
although round duct work costs more to fabricate than rectangular duct work , it requires fewer stiffeners and is favored in many applications over rectangular ductwork .
she was used as a propaganda exhibit and training boat , but it took until late 1942 for krupps to fabricate the whole mechanical system .
deriding british newspapers for having become a " little tittle - tattle industry , " grant has , on various occasions , claimed that the tabloids are keen to fabricate scandal on the slightest pretext and his own words are filtered through various media outlets before being misquoted numerous times .
in september 1998 , samsung announced they would fabricate a variant of the alpha 21264b in a 0.18 µm fully depleted silicon - on - insulator ( soi ) process with copper interconnects that was capable of achieving a clock frequency of 1.5 ghz .
this may include a tendency to devise , fabricate , or invent " reasonable " explanations for why neutral actions are a sign of hidden passion in the limerent object .
dedioniggi was skilled at manipulating and bending steel tubes to fabricate the lightweight handlebars desired by racing cyclists , and italian professional riders were among 3 t ’s first customers .
in the late 1930 ’s , barclay set up a small company to reproduce jewelry and fabricate utilitarian figures for ashtrays , bookends , desk sets , lamps , and other articles for home and office use .
on occasion he had to fabricate reasons why his agents had failed to report easily available information that the germans would eventually know about .
in order to minimize the effect of the area lost in the wrapping process , various photo editing techniques are often employed to fabricate additional image or material to be presented on the wrapped edges .
contractor edward kraemer & sons , inc. implemented the design , subcontracting colorado bridge and iron to fabricate the steel components .
during his occupation of the see , many of the lands of the see were either leased , sold or given to godwin , earl of wessex , an action that angered the monks of the cathedral , and may have contributed to william of malmesbury 's dislike of the archbishop and willingness to fabricate a story about him being mistreated .
a previous effort to fabricate the optic from fused quartz had failed .
the gcr was able to use natural uranium as fuel , enabling the countries that developed them to fabricate their own fuel without relying on other countries for supplies of enriched uranium , which was at the time of their development only available from the united states or soviet union .
knowing they will resist their fathers ' interference , the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud , building a wall between their houses and forbidding their children to speak to each other .
arrested for being drunk and disorderly , he promptly declared in court next day that he had been employed by the police to fabricate evidence against the walsall anarchists .
srrs were first used to fabricate left - handed metamaterials for the microwave range , and several years later for the terahertz range .
although alfonsi may not have been the man who was forcibly converting jews , his writings did enable later polemicist to fabricate even bolder claims of the talmud including that it was satanic .
semiconductor materials , which are actually used to fabricate the superlattice structures , may be divided by the element groups , iv , iii - v and ii - vi .
she later worked with frost to fabricate the puppets for australian abc television programme " the ferals " .
his dying words reveal that he is none other than charles , who actually managed to successfully fabricate the elixir of life , enabling him to personally fulfill the curse generation after generation .
laser cladding is a method of depositing material by which a powdered or wire feedstock material is melted and consolidated by use of a laser in order to coat part of a substrate or fabricate a near - net shape part .
via e - beam lithography techniques it is possible to fabricate devices with total area of 1–10 μm2 , although devices in the tens to hundreds of square micrometres are more common .
weinberger et al . used polyacetylene ( fig 1 ) as the organic layer , al and graphite as electrodes to fabricate a cell , which had an open circuit voltage of 0.3 v and a charge collection efficiency of 0.3% .
a. manufacture , process , fabricate , or otherwise assemble a product ;
in december 1987 , mips licensed integrated device technology , lsi logic , and performance semiconductor to fabricate and market the r2000 .
while they are considered hearsay , they are generally considered more reliable than regular statements as they are far less easy to fabricate .
during his tenure as abbot he acquired additional land for the abbey , and may have helped to fabricate some charters — legal deeds attesting property ownership — to gain advantage in a dispute with the archbishops of york .
some of them had the ability ... to not only see and analyze the problem at hand but to present it in a succinct fashion ; in short , to fabricate the apt phrase , to coin the compelling slogan and appeal to the electorate on any given issue in language it could understand . "
it was humberto fernandez - moran that first discovered that a gem - quality diamond could be used to fabricate a knife for use in the microtomy process .
audrey raines and mike novick are angry with buchanan for allowing it , who suggests to mike to have president logan sign off on prado 's torture and then just fabricate the timeline .
but when fuel - cell makers balked at revamping their entire systems to try her solution , haile decided to fabricate the world 's first solid - acid fuel cell in her lab .
past research resulted in software to automatically palletize random - size packages , a system to automatically load and unload truck trailers , and an integrated production control system to fabricate optical fibers .
in 1587 the sevillian artist andrés de la concha , who also created retablos for the grand oaxacan missions of yanhuitlan , coixtlahuaca and teposcolula , entered into a contract with the town of tamazulapan to fabricate and decorate a main retablo for the new church , at the then princely sum of 2000 pesos .
idaho national labs used the following steps to fabricate their nantenna arrays .
devices that fabricate components by selective " addition " of material are called rapid prototyping machines .
parts of charles ponzi 's life are somewhat difficult to determine , due to his propensity to fabricate and embellish facts .
without the base resistors , dctl gates are more economical and simpler to fabricate onto integrated circuits than rtl gates with base resistors .
photo - lithography has the benefit of being widely used , well understood and scalable up to very large areas cheaply and easily , which is not the case with some of the other methods used to fabricate prototype materials .
the complex will fabricate fuel for local nuclear power plants , in particular for the reactors at chashma nuclear power complex .
compared to silicon - based devices , polymer solar cells are lightweight ( which is important for small autonomous sensors ) , potentially disposable and inexpensive to fabricate ( sometimes using printed electronics ) , flexible , customizable on the molecular level , and have lower potential for negative environmental impact .
alternatively , the holographic image can be brought to life by a holographic 3d display ( a display which operates on the basis of interference of coherent light ) , bypassing the need of having to fabricate a " hardcopy " of the holographic interference pattern each time .
solid ( pure ) rhodium jewelry is very rare , because the metal has both high melting point and poor malleability ( making such jewelry very hard to fabricate ) rather than due to its high price .
in operation for two years , nino and two associates would fabricate vehicle registrations for nonexistent cadillacs .
nano - molds made from metallic glasses are easy to fabricate and more durable than silicon molds .
for amateur telescope makers the gregorian can be less difficult to fabricate than a cassegrain because the concave secondary is foucault testable like the primary , which is not the case with the cassegrain 's convex secondary .
aluminium nitride ( aln ) can be used to fabricate ultraviolet leds with wavelengths down to 200 - 250 nm .
fabricate .
chance industries inc. ( now chance - morgan after merging with d.h. morgan manufacturing ) , began to fabricate their gauge c.p. huntington train locomotive in 1960 .
without the ability to fabricate an automaton in which wire - crossing is possible , qca would be impractical .
captured typewriters and duplicators were used to fabricate bogus issues of the paper .
the most common method of crowning a tooth involves using a dental impression of a prepared tooth by a dentist to fabricate the crown outside of the mouth .
however , on january 26 , 2006 , frey once again appeared on " the oprah winfrey show " and this time admitted that the same " demons " that had made him turn to alcohol and drugs had also driven him to fabricate crucial portions of his " memoir " ; it first having been shopped as being a fiction novel but declined by many , including random house itself .
1-d structures such as this are easier to fabricate compared with constructing a rigid 2-d structure .
although it currently can not attain the mobility that poly - si can , it has the advantage over poly - si that it is easier to fabricate , as it can be deposited using conventional low temperature a - si deposition techniques , such as pecvd , as opposed to laser annealing or high temperature cvd processes , in the case of poly - si .
there are two main types of material used to fabricate a veneer , composite and dental porcelain .
yet , in my attempts to fabricate the same , it takes on a life of its own .
it has been suggested by many other scholars , however , that if luke used matthew 's gospel as one of his sources ( luke 1:1 - 3 ) , that there is no need to fabricate yet another source for the material found in common between matthew and luke .
d603 was damaged in an accident and was returned to nbl for repair in 1960 : it seems the cast light alloy cabs were replaced with sheet steel as the original nbl subcontractor for these items was not prepared to fabricate a small , one - off order .
the first challenging task , specific to rfics , is to fabricate good on - chip passive elements
vigeland personally sculpted every figure out of clay and individual craftsmen were contracted to fabricate the pieces into what they are today .
its main aim is to uplift the technical level of the region , the state and the country to provide a platform for the technical tender buds to innovate , fabricate and gain experience in the field of technology and management and also providing a platform for students to showcase their technical skills .
various approaches based on the bulk ( particulate processing ) , preform processing , layer processing and melt processing are used to fabricate the functionally graded materials .
ebf3 is a layer - additive process that uses an electron beam and a solid wire feedstock to fabricate metallic structures .
on the other hand , mmcs tend to be more expensive , the fiber - reinforced materials may be difficult to fabricate , and the available experience in use is limited .
prototypes made by these low - end commercial machines cost around us$ 2 per cubic centimeter to fabricate .
is a programming language and software used to create , visualize , and fabricate volumetric 3d and higher dimensional models .
he also used some of new materials like aluminum and fiberglass to fabricate his own composite boards .
a horizontal array of horizontal sockets may be easy to fabricate , but can sometimes cause say only two out of four ports to be usable ( depending on plug width ) .
in order to relate to the child during baby talk , a parent may deliberately slur or fabricate some words , and may pepper the speech with nonverbal utterances .
these smaller tubes are easier to fabricate than a large pressure vessel .
lysenko 's claims of genetic memory and efforts to obtain or fabricate results in proof of it had disastrous effects for russian genetics in the early 20th century ( also see : lysenkoism ) .
builders also need to fabricate some metal fittings to attach the wooden parts together .
certain latex rubber compounds can be laser engraved ; for example these can be used to fabricate inking - stamps .
by using local oxidation nanolithography as tool for the fabrication of etch - resistant nanomasks , it is possible to fabricate nanoscale electronic devices , such as field effect transistors , single electron transistors , josephson junctions , quantum rings or squids .
a variety of geometries and structures have been proposed to fabricate the special ebg metamaterial properties .
celestion were the first manufacturers to fabricate dome tweeters out of a metal , copper .
even with intensive grinding they can use up to 50% less energy to fabricate than ordinary portland cements .
gene hunt and the rest of the cid are displayed to favour brutality and corruption in order to secure convictions , shown by their willingness to physically coerce confessions and fabricate evidence .
most cases involve inducing physical illness ; however , it is also possible for a perpetrator to simulate or fabricate conditions that appear to be psychiatric or genetic problems .
this makes it initially difficult to fabricate both complete dentures and removable partial dentures for patients exhibiting complete and partial edentulism , respectively ; however , once the space is " taken back " by the prosthetic teeth , the tongue will return to a narrower body .
builders also need to fabricate some metal fittings to attach the wooden parts together .
the rare earth element dysprosium is required to fabricate many of the advanced electric motors and battery systems in hybrid propulsion systems .
the cabal order meshugah , a golem newly - made by other golems in the hope he would be a king and leader for them , to fabricate poisoned candles and have them delivered to the palace .
the efficient cause is how and by whom a thing is made , for example , how artisans fabricate and assemble something ; in the case of the ship of theseus , the workers who built the ship in the first place could have used the same tools and techniques to replace the planks in the ship .
probert 's version had a highly curved engineering hull reminiscent of a sailing ship , but sternbach was worried a design with so many compound curves would prove difficult to fabricate in the available time , so he made the hull entirely circular .
( for large volumes , electrical programming costs could be eliminated by having the manufacturer fabricate a custom metal mask used to program the customers ' patterns at the time of manufacture ; mmi used the term " hard array logic " ( hal ) to refer to devices programmed in this way . )
while earlier staggered truss systems utilized channels for web diagonals and verticals , today most of the trusses are designed with hollow structural sections ( hss ) for vertical and diagonal members because they are more structurally efficient and easier to fabricate .
for example , the rare earth element dysprosium is required to fabricate many of the advanced electric motors and battery systems in hybrid propulsion systems .
in return , the officers wanted him to fabricate and then lose evidence .
it outlines their scheme to avoid prosecution , states that clayton had already been " seen " by some of lennie 's men and that he would never testify against them , describes the plan to fabricate alibis , details the bribing of two other witnesses by offering them £ 1500 to leave the country , and gives instructions for campbell to deposit £ 400 in the account of solicitor phil roach — a well - known criminal lawyer who , reeves claims , regularly acted as an intermediary between criminals like mcpherson and corrupt police such as krahe and kelly .
the acquisition of cyrix also carried with it a business obligation as well as technical constraints to use ibm microelectronics division to fabricate the cyrix chips , while national semiconductor had plans to transfer their fabrication to its south portland fab .
an approximately 1 mm – thick carbon nanotube layer was used as a special material to fabricate coolers , this materials has very low density , ~20 times lower weight than a similar copper structure , while the cooling properties are similar for the two materials .
semiconducting cnts have been used to fabricate field effect transistors
distinctive features of alpina vehicles are 20 spoke alloy wheels , " alpina blue " patented metallic paint , in addition to expensive interior materials used to fabricate the exclusive interior appointments .
before entering the nfl , turk also punted for the racine raiders , a minor league football team located in racine , wisconsin in 2008 michelin won a bid on a contract with the houston texans to fabricate an efficient patching system for their practice bubble .
consequently , theologians conclude that the apostles would have never risked life and limb to rob the body in order to fabricate a resurrection story they themselves had no knowledge of .
thermoset rubbers and metallic waterstops are more difficult to fabricate to continuous lengths and are specified far less frequently by architects and engineers .
changes from the " porpoise " design were primarily to improve the strength and stealth of the submarine . instead of uxw steel , the hull was built from qt28 steel , which was easier to fabricate and stronger , allowing the submarine to dive deeper .
these papers , along with veselago 's 1967 theoretical analysis of the properties of negative index materials , provided the background to fabricate , for the first time , a metamaterial with simultaneous effective permittivity and magnetic permeability.(see below ) .
scratchbuilt models are those for which no kit exists ; highly skilled modelers create their vehicle from sheet plastic and components they fabricate themselves .
there has been some local opposition to the use of highly - enriched uranium ( heu ) in the reactor , as well as from activists in the united states who fear that the uranium could be stolen by terrorists and used to fabricate a bomb .
the project aims to design and fabricate a pico - satellite of maximum weight 1 kg .
while the old twa corporate headquarters building was being refurbished by the nicholson group , a kansas city , mo urban development firm , the bratton corporation was contracted in early 2006 to fabricate a brand new , slightly smaller twa moonliner ii replica for the building 's roof .
the area was home to the charcoal sub - industry , which the foundries at the various quarries depended on to fabricate iron to support the slate industry .
in this research work , different strategies are employed to fabricate thin films using colloidal nanoparticles of metal and insulator materials , capped with organic polymers to provide stability and electrostatic binding forces to build heterogeneous devices .
nuclep ( brazil ) was founded in december 1975 with the purpose to design and fabricate heavy components for nuclear power plants .
noticing zeemo 's premature entrance , vic does his best to stall him , while the other crew members fabricate enough stories and distractions to allow a successful nog and odo to slip away with the cash .
in 2001 - 2003 these concerns became relevant on the global diplomatic scene , as the reputed capture of recordings of osama bin laden boasting about the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and reputed intercepts of iraqi republican guard officers conspiring to hide evidence of weapons of mass destruction from united nations weapons inspectors , was challenged , especially in the muslim world and especially iraq , as being " well within the capabilities of the cia to fabricate . "
this critical dimension ( dmin ) strongly depends on the conduction band discontinuity ( ec ) in the corresponding heterojunction used to fabricate the quantum dot according to the relation ,
noble cause corruption " is also present as hunt is often seen to fabricate evidence and encourage others to do so in order to secure convictions , never for personal gain .
extremists on all sides have been known to fabricate and reproduce falsified information , along with denying genuine information and propagating unscientific and pseudoscientific theories .
" most of the western media fabricate news about myanmar , getting information from undesirable elements " .
babcock and wilcox canada started to fabricate a new reactor head in 2005 but the project was canceled about one third of the way in .
exploiting fib from such an unconventional perspective is especially favourable today when the future of so many novel technologies depends on the ability to rapidly fabricate prototype nanoscale magnetic devices .
this technology is often used to grow crystalline films of materials for which single crystals can not otherwise be obtained and to fabricate integrated crystalline layers of different materials .
to ensure that the plan will work , ripley tells minot to fabricate evidence that trevanny 's leukemia has worsened .
the x - y table is moved in raster fashion to fabricate each layer of the object .
however , rather than selling the actual parts ( which he owned a large quantity of ) , he would painstakingly fabricate them himself from scrap metal , using his own cars and spare parts as templates .
parlier , meanwhile , had anchored off new zealand , and managed to fabricate by himself a new carbon - fibre mast from the remains of his broken mast .
recently , as the supply of usable antique steel bodies has dried up , companies such westcott 's , harwood , gibbon fiberglass have begun to fabricate new fiberglass copies , while classic manufacturing and supply , for one example , has been making a variety of new steel bodies since the 1970s .
around 1981–1982 , yorkville sound was contracted to fabricate loudspeaker enclosures for martin audio 's north american market , saving martin audio the expense of shipping large , heavy cabinets across the atlantic ocean .
peer pressure also influences children to fabricate stories .
balousek quotes searles as saying " we could fabricate any antiques we wanted to — that was the fun of it .
many condensed matter experiments are aiming to fabricate workable spintronics and quantum computers .
according to co - writer jim vallance , when the british press obtained a copy of the record , they " attempted to fabricate a scandal " by saying that adams had inappropriate feelings for diana and had insulted prince charles .
though usually only found in electrical engineering departments , the chemistry department has its own dedicated bioanalytical microchip fabrication facility used to design and fabricate analytical microchip devices with the goal of revolutionizing conventional analytical techniques .
however , professor sperling cautions that commercial applications may be a long way away , because nanotubes are still relatively expensive to fabricate .
meanwhile , inside discovery horowitz and lee worked on the middeck to fabricate new insulation blankets for hst .
according to yanner and foster , minister clark 's senior policy advisor had asked them to fabricate a story for the public that they had agreed to reimburse the cost of the flights , while assuring them they would not have to pay .
braunwald drew criticism for lax supervision and for creating " a hurried pace and emphasis on productivity , coupled with limited interaction with senior scientists " , which contributed to the ease with which darsee was able to fabricate data .
on the other hand , box girders are more expensive to fabricate , and they are more difficult to maintain , because of the need for access to a confined space inside the box .
shortly thereafter , he was chosen to be the sculptor for a public art commission in sacramento in front of the county courthouse ; subsequently , he was selected by david and lucille packard to design and fabricate the sculpture to grace the entry to the monterey bay aquarium ( forms sung in a kelp forest ) .
he may also have had a hand in helping gm determine the best way to fabricate fiberglass bodies for its new line of cars the corvette .
scientists theorized that silicon would be easier to fabricate , but few bothered to investigate this possibility .
black bear fur was considered more valuable in the american west than that of grizzly , and was once used to fabricate bearskins , which are tall fur caps worn as part of the ceremonial uniform of several regiments in various armies .
by the 1970s , suparco , under his direction , had developed the ability to fabricate rocket motors from raw materials at solid and liquid propellant manufacturing plants .
anko 's father and the military attempted to fabricate a story about zearth and the children to soothe the public opinion .
robert richer , the cia 's former deputy director of clandestine operations , said " i never received direction from george tenet or anyone else in my chain of command to fabricate a document ... as outlined in mr. suskind 's book " richer also says that he reviewed the book before it was published , and told suskind he had got it wrong .
churchill downs , in conjunction with early times , commissioned the weber group to fabricate the tall glass ( if the mint sprig is included ) .
he told the media that he suspected that the bodies had been mutilated posthumously to fabricate the appearance of an execution .
are commonly used to fabricate structures which exhibit characteristic nanofluidic behavior .
it would never come into their heads to fabricate colossal untruths , and they would not believe that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously .
a " thermos bottle " ( trademarked ) , or vacuum flask ( generic ) used to keep coffee or other beverages hot , is usually based on the design of a dewar flask ; since glass dewar flasks are fragile and somewhat expensive to fabricate , other constructions based on plastic or insulated metal are also popular .
deep x - ray lithography ( dxrl ) uses yet shorter wavelengths on the order of and modified procedures such as the liga process , to fabricate deep and even three - dimensional structures .
worth mentioning here that sir humphrys was accused by his own fellow british officials to fabricate lies in regards to the iraqi government 's sentiments about the assyrians .
3 . fabricate and insert dentures in the mouths of patients .
the 1997 movie " wag the dog " involves a pre - election attempt in the us by a spin doctor and a hollywood producer who join forces to fabricate a war in a balkan state in order to cover - up a presidential sex scandal .
every year , the team has a few fund raising events , which are very crucial for the competition because the team needs to have proper finance in order to order parts and fabricate them .
" i can fabricate that data , " a senior european diplomat said of the documents . "
dentists as well as some dental laboratories can fabricate custom fitted whitening trays that will greatly improve the results achieved with an over - the - counter whitening method .
they can manufacture a functional part from a piece of metal or they can fabricate anything within the limitation of the equipment they have .
general electric were to design and fabricate propulsion and steering motors and to investigate an active acoustic homing system .
can you fabricate reality ? ' " " it explores the dimensions of what love really is .
sanam industrial group in parchin is licensed by the italian company lombardini to fabricate internal combustion engines , that are used in automotive , agricultural , industrial and marine applications .
msrl research develops the tools and processes required to fabricate and assemble micron sized robots and nanometer scale robotic components .
often expensive and time consuming unique tooling is required to fabricate a custom design .
the ingaas / alassb material system has quantum wells 1.6 ev deep and has been used to fabricate qcls emitting at 3 μm .
the prime minister and the people around the prime minister will stop at nothing .... they will fabricate , in my mind , a case to dismiss a senior official , an independent regulator , " mcguinty told reporters later .
however , it does not guarantee if it really represents the circuit you desire to fabricate .
in 2006 , at the school of polymer , textile and fiber engineering ( ptfe ) of the georgia institute of technology ( git ) , the same technology approach was used to fabricate similar corrugated sheet like structures in a so called ‘ rubber - assisted hot embossing process’ [ 11 ] .
he writes that the straussians created the office of special plans in order to fabricate intelligence and bypass traditional intelligence channels .
they fabricate fetishes , or idols , ( punibo ) from wood , clay or metal . appeasing the demands of these ‘
during the manhattan project , the international nickel company , under the direction of president charles stanley ( m.e. , 1943 ) developed the ultra - pure nickel that was used to fabricate diffusion barriers used in the gaseous isotope diffusion separation process at los alamos which produced the uranium-235 used in the hiroshima atomic bomb .
however , the assertions against his administration dogged him for the rest of his life and " promises kept " includes a chapter in which mcmath refutes the charges and chastises his opponents for abusing the judicial system to fabricate them .
however , true to tradition , they had to call on the services of a local motor mechanic to fabricate a replacement part from materials at hand .
" psyvariar 2 : the will to fabricate " is the sequel to " psyvariar " .
another new feature is " autosculpt " , which allows players to custom - fabricate their own ground effects , rims , hoods , and other parts .
garden deva sculpture company was commissioned by the u.s. postal service to design and fabricate the menorah used on the 2009 hanukkah stamp .
the structure was manufactured in colorado springs , colorado , taking between six to eight weeks to fabricate from the design blueprints .
according to the its critics , it " was originally a project of the pacific research institute , an older corporate front established in conjunction with philip morris to fabricate academic support for the tobacco industry . "
the bladder of the hydroform itself acts as the female die eliminating the need to fabricate a matching female die .
a senior european diplomat warned " i can fabricate that data , " and argued that the documents look " beautiful , but is open to doubt " .
compared to balsa wood , another material commonly used to fabricate model planes , paper 's density is higher ; consequentially , conventional origami paper gliders ( see above ) suffer from higher drag , as well as and imperfect aerodynamic wing cords .
the u.s. army ordnance bureau had no problem in soliciting designs and prototype weapons from inventors , and sought to facilitate their work by supplying barrels and other hardware that the inventors were likely not to be able to fabricate .
lon also allows to fabricate silicon nanowires ( sinws ) in a top - down fashion starting from silicon on insulator ( soi ) wafers .
this pattern versatility can be used for information storage or to design etch - resistant nanomasks in order to fabricate nanodevices as well as many other applications .
the first type is diffusely recurrent ( " mutawatir " ) reports — those that have come down to later generations through a large number of chains of narration , involving diverse transmitters such that it is virtually impossible that all these people , living in different localities and espousing ( at times radically ) different views , would come together , fabricate the exact same lie and attribute it to the prophet of islam or any other authority .
the ancient egyptians could fabricate a wide variety of objects from glass with great skill , but it is not clear whether they developed the process independently .
a machine tool is a powered mechanical device , typically used to fabricate metal components of machines by machining , which is the selective removal of metal .
in an optical fiber , material scattering is caused by micro - inhomogeneities in the refractive indices of the materials used to fabricate the fiber , including the dopants used to modify the refractive index profile .
it was simpler to fabricate and operate than the earlier " strap style lock " and required a less skilled work force to produce .
the declarant 's reflective powers must be stilled , meaning that , while making the statement , the declarant would not have had a chance to reflect upon the startling event , fabricate a purposefully false statement , and then say it .
this technology is used to grow a film which is more pure than the substrate and to fabricate layers having different doping levels .
much more difficult to fabricate was its unusual cantilevered roof , which was secured to the body only at the rear c pillars .
the standard nature of these processes permits the company to engage independent silicon foundries to fabricate horizon ’s integrated circuits .
this sculpting method can fabricate symmetrically circular nanopores with smooth edge , and , in addition , it can sculpt multiple nanopores of similar shape and size simultaneously .
born in sutton , massachusetts , his first machine , made and patented in 1806 , was a mechanical tack - maker , which could fabricate five hundred tacks per minute , each much better than tacks made by hand .
radiation fields are changed by the methods to fabricate the quantum wires .
danh has also said that the photographs he uses " bring up and start to fabricate memories " of his life in vietnam .
techniques to fabricate new instrumentation to characterize critical parameters such as size , composition , stiffness , surface characteristics , dopant concentration , magnetic coercivity , and other properties of particular interest to the nano scale .
his work with colleagues at tre led him to the belief that it would be possible to fabricate multiple circuit elements on and into a substance like silicon .
then , you may need to build new machines to fabricate bicycles according to your new design .
fab - houses fabricate designs onto silicon dies which are then packaged into ics .
nanobiotechnology often studies existing elements of nature in order to fabricate new devices .
in 2002 , andreas heinrich , lutz , jay gupta and eigler published a paper in science in which they demonstrated the ability to fabricate and operate novel logic circuits made from carbon monoxide molecules assembled into meta - stable arrays on a cu ( 111 ) surface .
leirvik emtunga will fabricate modular steel living quarters for international customers all over the world .
their master plan was to deprive the known universe of its food supplies and fabricate warships out of them in their fanatical mission of mass destruction .
it was out of service in december 2007 , awaiting a new boiler which queensland rail plans to fabricate itself .
more likely ones are : will the police fabricate the evidence ?
it can also fabricate well head platforms , process and production platforms and jack up rigs for oil exploration .
at an administrative hearing , thomas testified that he believed that contributing to the production of arms violated his religion , although he could , in good conscience , engage indirectly in the production of materials that might be used ultimately to fabricate arms .
it was first observed by accident by mike marchywka while trying to find a selective means to etch non - diamond carbon and fabricate simple astronomical uv detection devices as described in the original paper by marchywka , pehrsson , binari , and moses .
