according to the aii press release the main targeted applications can be divided in three broad classes : multimedia indexing and search tools for professional and general public use , including mobile environments ; professional solutions for production , post - production , management and distribution of multimedia documents ; and facilitation of access to cultural heritage such as audiovisual archives and digital libraries .
connect program alumni continue their involvement by participating in collaborative action projects , facilitation training , and student weblogs .
additionally , many treatment centers utilize 12-step facilitation techniques , embracing the 12-step programs practiced by such organizations as alcoholics anonymous and narcotics anonymous .
where neither party to a religious marriage comes to the civil courts for relief , the above options do not apply : the civil law courts can not intervene at the own initiative order the facilitation of a religious divorce .
on october 2 , 2008 , both governments signed protocols to the tifa covering substantive commitments in the areas of trade facilitation and public participation in trade and environment .
some schools in constituent colleges , such as the birkbeck school of computer science and information systems , and the school of advanced study ( the uk 's national centre for the facilitation and promotion of research in the humanities and social sciences ) are based in senate house .
fathers ' rights campaigners urgently want an " early interventions pilot plan " to test and develop compulsory mediation and parenting plans , etc . backed up by a strict enforcement regime , " facilitation and enforcement " as the stakeholder group was called .
facilitation may act by reducing the negative impacts of a stressful environment .
some of its many benefits include : acquiring more details of the call center before applying , facilitation of application forms and resumes and the ability to reach out to filipinos in far areas .
leader ’s intent : the use of open planning facilitation techniques and the composition of planning teams at both the strategic and operational / tactical levels cascades the intent of an organization ’s leaders and communicates that intent throughout the organization rapidly and effectively .
it proves the mastery of core instructor skills , including preparation , presentation , communication , facilitation , and evaluation in a classroom environment .
the negotiations also aim to enhance technical assistance and capacity building in this area and to improve effective cooperation between customs and other appropriate authorities on trade facilitation and customs compliance issues .
instructors can also be referred to as a facilitator , who may be knowledgeable and experienced in the learning material , but can also be used more for their facilitation skills and ability to deliver material to learners .
denhardt currently conducts training , facilitation , counseling , and intervention in leadership development and civic engagement .
it is also the basis of a facilitation technique called dialogue mapping .
second international forum on trade facilitation : 14–15 may 2003 in geneva , organized by the united nations economic commission for europe .
most production , planning , stage management , cooking and facilitation was done by a core group of people from pinole .
the 27 member states of european union offered georgia a visa facilitation agreement for its citizens and a creation of a fully free trade agreement .
it promotes trade facilitation and effective controls through its legal provisions that detail the application of simple yet efficient procedures and also contains new and obligatory rules for its application .
neural facilitation .
after the training the facilitation support is given to the trainees towards linking with various govt . sponsored schemes like pmry , regp , kerala state backward classes development corporation , various banks and others for setting up enterprises .
the tiverton campus , formerly east devon college , is a major contributor to the tiverton ( devon ) education facilitation and was independent until the merger with north devon college on 1 august 2008 .
as an independent organization the zimbabwe national chamber of commerce represents the interest of its members through lobbying , collaboration and facilitation .
but mere provision of credit does not foster self - employment amongst women in the absence of facilitation and comprehensive micro enterprise development support .
they include magda b. arnold ( 1903 - 2002 ) , an american psychologist who developed the appraisal theory of emotions ; richard lazarus ( 1922 - 2002 ) , an american psychologist who specialized in emotion and stress , especially in relation to cognition ; herbert simon ( 1916 - 2001 ) , who included emotions into decision making and artificial intelligence ; robert plutchik ( 1928 - 2006 ) , an american psychologist who developed a psychoevolutionary theory of emotion ; robert zajonc ( 1923 - 2008 ) a polish - american social psychologist who specialized in social and cognitive processes such as social facilitation .
muscle tone was normal but reflex studies showed signs of abnormal facilitation and inhibition at various levels of the neuraxis .
the dia listed him as having engaged in " terrorist facilitation " .
the facilitation of this course is over four days and may take place at usaw headquarters , the olympic training center in colorado springs or at a club location .
enrichment of facilitation can occur when involvement in one role leads to benefits , resources , and/or personality enrichment which then may improve performance or involvement in the other role .
the unesco 2001 convention is an international treaty aimed exclusively at the protection of underwater cultural heritage and the facilitation of international cooperation in this regard .
the ngo csw / ny provides training , networking and facilitation to the members of ngos who attend the commission sessions .
the colonial elite , the main advocates of decimalisation , based their case on two main arguments : the first was for facilitation of trade and economic ties with the united states ; the colony ’s largest trading partner ; the second was to simplify calculations and reduce accounting errors .
according to cmsa , the term " case management " is defined as " collaborative process of assessment , planning , facilitation and advocacy for options and services to meet an individual 's health needs through communication and available resources to promote quality cost - effective outcomes . "
pages play an important role in ensuring the smooth proceedings of the operation and facilitation of senate committees .
the group brings their theater skills to the business world through engaging trade show presentations , creativity training , improv training , meeting facilitation and theatrical interventions during conferences .
in theory , a cost - efficient telecommunications network should be able to pass on benefits to corporate users by facilitation of communications and collaboration amongst firms and workers alike .
in april 2007 , telus was awarded the 16.3 million dollar contract to provide the buildings with high - tech video recording , video conferencing , remote witness facilitation and remote management .
the cbu 's current mandate includes the facilitation of some broadcast services , representation , and training of the staff of member stations in support of a unified caribbean community .
the center 's staff provides the didactic training , facilitation support and case study management in support of the event .
the regional offices mostly perform facilitation and regulatory functions as well as providing supply side and marketing assistance to the exporters .
much of classic ecological theory ( e.g. , natural selection , niche separation , metapopulation dynamics ) has focused on negative interactions such as predation and competition , but positive interactions ( facilitation ) are receiving increasing focus in ecological research .
ecological facilitation .
between 2002 - 2006 the costs of business transactions across the region was reduced by 6 percent , thanks to the apec trade facilitation action plan ( tfapi ) .
their services include : ● land use planning strategy ● project ideation / conception ● design process management ● marketing strategy & programs ● financial advisory & equity facilitation ● lease management of malls ● high value retail transaction services .
2008-jan-01 : entry into force of the visa facilitation and readmission agreement between serbia and the eu .
the work of maintenance and further development of this standard is done through the united nations centre for trade facilitation and electronic business ( cefact ) under the un economic commission for europe , in the finance domain working group un cefact tbg5 .
thus , the appropriate application of affirmative therapeutic interventions for those who seek soce involves therapist acceptance , support , and understanding of clients and the facilitation of clients’ active coping , social support , and identity exploration and development , without imposing a specific sexual orientation identity outcome .
to collect taxes and provide customs facilitation to the trade and industrial sector whilst improving compliance with legislations to protect the nation ’s economic , social and security interests .
e - business translation is a new term to mean the facilitation of the transformation of an existing business or business idea to the internet .
they offer consultation and advisory services such as strategic planning processes , facilitation of meetings and dialogues , evaluations , etc .
social facilitation has received much attention from social psychologists since triplett 's time , with a number of causal factors implicated , including mere presence , evaluation apprehension , competition , attention , and distraction .
government involvement in the industry covers areas such as policy development , safety and environmental regulation , investment facilitation , provision of infrastructure , releases of new exploration areas , acquisition of regional geological data .
analysis by the world bank suggests that raising global capacity in trade facilitation ( port efficiency , customs , regulatory transparency , and information technology used in trade transactions ) halfway to the global average would increase world trade by $ 377 billion ( wilson , et al . 2005 ) .
they also learn process improvement and group facilitation methods , so they can be more effective in introducing changes when they return home .
tourism and facilitation of wilderness travel are its main focus .
meeting trade facilitation goals in a broader and deeper context , however , will require action well outside and beyond the wto framework .
social facilitation , for example , is a tendency to work harder and faster in the presence of others .
the literacy programs that comprise mission sucre are centered on fostering universal literacy among venezuela 's adult populace ; an adjunct to this is the facilitation of their comprehension of the venezuelan constitution of 1999 and the inherent rights that they , as venezuelan citizens , are guaranteed under this document .
the principal defendant , buffnet , eventually pled guilty to a charge of fourth degree facilitation of a felony and was fined $ 5,000 .
another goal of studying victim facilitation , as stated by godwin , is to aid in investigations .
the promotions also mention worldspace 's facilitation of long - distance educational projects in africa .
the initial spp working groups were the manufacture goods and sectoral and regional competitiveness working group , e - commerce & ict working group , energy working group , transportation working group , food & agriculture working group , environment working group , financial services working group , business facilitation working group , movement of goods working group , health , and immigration .
managers develop their skills in facilitation , involving , revealing and learn to make better use of their employees’ knowledge , ideas and initiative .
it is suggested that aesthetic experience is a function of the interaction between top - down , intentional orientation of attention and the bottom - up perceptual facilitation of image construction .
smeda has also recently established investment promotion unit ( ipu ) in collaboration with unido under the financial grant and credit facilitation available after an agreement between the government of italy and the government of pakistan for the development of pakistani smes .
services generally provided at a fac include : grief counseling ; childcare ; religious support ; facilitation of family needs such as hotel , food , and transportation ; ante - mortem data collection by the investigative authorities and the medical examiner or coroner ; and notification of death to the next of kin .
the chartered institute of arbitrators is a london based membership organisation for arbitrators for the promotion and facilitation of dispute resolution .
according to imdb.com , inktip is credited with " screenplay facilitation credit " on 53 films ( as of january , 2009 )
in united states law , the federal arbitration act is a statute that provides for judicial facilitation of private dispute resolution through arbitration .
two opposing effects , collaborative inhibition and collaborative facilitation impact memory performance in groups .
exercise design - facilitation of multiple and diverse response and support agencies with different operational characteristics and cultures to identify the procedural , physical and logistics needs for the successful execution of the exercise .
in addition to negotiation strategies , conflict management , inc. provides dispute and conflict resolution services and training using various processes such as facilitation , mediation , negotiation and dialogue .
non - resident oriya facilitation center .
in social psychology , drive theory was used by robert zajonc in 1965 as an explanation of the phenomenon of social facilitation .
members of the prp learn and develop leadership and facilitation skills , as well as organization and group dynamics .
eötvös was responsible for the facilitation of the career of the father of islamic studies in hungary , ignaz goldziher .
to this end , fcd develops consensus - building methodologies and processes ( mediation , facilitation , collaborative planning ) and trains diverse stakeholders ( government , ngos , private sector ) in communication , consensus - building and conflict resolution and transformation .
in 2007 , the idrl " guidelines for the domestic facilitation and regulation of international disaster relief and initial recovery assistance " were unanimously adopted by the state parties to the geneva conventions and the institutions of the red cross and red crescent movement .
the rideau institute helps non - profit organizations meet their policy goals by providing services involving consultation , facilitation and research .
corruption , veniality , sectarianism , and other elements forming what rastafarians call the ' politricks ' of jamaica are noted , but the principal force for evil is squarely diagnosed as the international cocaine trade , in its facilitation of material corruption , in the morally deadening toleration of violence it promotes , and in the appalling opportunity cost it imposes on national infrastructrure , education , and business .
contextual cueing is defined as an attentional guidance or facilitation effect derived from past experiences of ( mostly hidden ) regularities of the ( mainly visual ) world .
naturalization procedures are subject to some controversy , with left - wing positions typically ascribing the high ratio of resident aliens to overly strict requirements , and right - wing positions opposing facilitation of naturalization as an attempt to hide the high percentage of foreigners by merely nominal naturalization .
to train and educate young citizens in their comprehensive intellectual , physical , social , and emotional powers , through dynamic facilitation of an educational process that prepares them for higher education and quality service to mankind .
the school 's mission is the promotion and facilitation of american scholarship in all areas of greek studies .
studio spaces , conferences , seminars , exhibitions and the internet are all used in the facilitation of this function .
special issues have covered the topics of supply chain security and trade facilitation .
youth services : weekly meetings and social activities provide lgbt teens and youth with peer support and the opportunity to discuss challenges , dilemmas and questions in the context of group facilitation .
an international study by the migrant integration policy index , sponsored by the research division of the british council and 100 other signatories , assigned its highest score ( 3 out of 3 ) to canada for the " state facilitation of recognition of skills and qualifications " indicator in their 2006 study of 27 european countries and canada .
in many countries , toward the facilitation of a smooth transition , a president accepts advice from and consults with the president - elect .
in any case , this secondary side usually is less focused , and probably always less central , than the obverse , to the facilitation of the acceptance of the currency .
accordingly , the organization has established ' hospital information services ' responsible for education and facilitation of " bloodless surgery " .
in 1980 , he presided over one of the first cases that applied the racketeer influenced and corrupt organization act ( “ rico ” ) to obtain the conviction of numerous gregg county officials for offenses ranging from solicitation of murder to facilitation of gambling .
it is a synthesis of these abstract theories into principles and practices that can be applied in a concrete way to learning design and facilitation .
" spinning the group process wheel : effective facilitation techniques for motivating involuntary client groups .
from november 2004 to february 2005 she assisted with the facilitation and write - up of reports on the “ sectoral follow - up sessions ” announced by prime minister paul martin following the april 19 , 2004 canada - aboriginal peoples roundtable on strengthening the relationship on health , life long learning , housing , economic opportunities , negotiations , and accountability for results .
as such , trade facilitation involves much more than trucking goods across national borders or shipping a package by sea transport .
a good example of social facilitation is a foot race ( where the individual runs faster when there are other runners ) as opposed to a group tug - of - war ( where the work is pooled , and an individual 's lack of performance is hard to notice ) .
facilitation ( business ) .
facilitation .
in cooperation with the united states government , and for the facilitation for the passengers that arrive into the united states , the united states department of homeland security ( dhs ) , u.s. customs and border protection ( cbp ) full pre - clearance facility in aruba has been in effect since february 1 , 2001 with the expansion in the queen beatrix airport , united states and aruba have the agreement since 1986 that begins as a usda and customs post , and since 2008 , the only island to have this service for private flights .
an icebreaker is a facilitation exercise intended to help a group to begin the process of forming themselves into a team .
as evidenced by the finding that the interaction of politics at the workplace and agreeableness predicted interpersonal facilitation , organizations need to recognize that both individual differences and situational constraints influence contextual performance .
the architects aimed to restore the social function of modernism , furthering the goal of human community through facilitation of effective charity by the ford foundation .
“ trade facilitation :
facilitation .
resolution 787 then requested the states concerned to coordinate with the secretary - general boutros boutros - ghali the facilitation of monitoring of compliance with the current resolution , providing any assistance when required .
it offers a range of skills and services designed to strengthen democracy and citizen participation , including training in citizen participation , consensus - building , and management of disputes ; services such as mediation , dialogue facilitation , conciliation and cooperative planning for communities , government and business leaders ; “ bottom up ”
group facilitation .
the board of investment is currently working as an autonomous body under the boi ordinance which was promulgated in march , 2001 , with broad based responsibilities of promotion of investment in all sectors of economy ; facilitation of local and foreign investors for speedy materialization of their projects and to enhance pakistan ’s international competitiveness and contribute to economic and social development .
some of fern ’s most outstanding co - ordination and facilitation work is the organisation of ngo meetings on various issues , such as the annual forest movement europe meeting .
the term " caucus " is also used in mediation , facilitation and other forms of alternate dispute resolution to describe circumstances when , rather than meeting at a common table , the disputants retreat to a more private setting to process information , agree on negotiation strategy , confer privately with counsel and/or with the mediator , or simply gain " breathing room " after the often emotionally - difficult interactions that can occur in the common area where all parties are present .
in an article that summarizes the major movements in victimology internationally , schneider expresses victim facilitation as a model that ultimately describes only the misinterpretation of victim behavior of the offender .
facilitation " refers to one organism helping another without harming itself .
•clinical care coordination / facilitation – coordinating multiple aspects of care to ensure the patient progresses .
the towns are governed by elected municipal administrations responsible for infrastructure and spatial planning , development facilitation , and municipal services ( water , sanitation , solid waste , repairing roads , parks , street lights , and traffic engineering ) , with some functions being retained by the city - district government ( cdg ) .
online deliberation is very interdisciplinary , and includes practices such as online consultation , e - participation , online deliberative polling , online facilitation , online research communities , interactive e - learning , civic dialogue in internet forums and online chat , and group decision making that utilizes collaborative software and other forms of computer - mediated communication .
facilitation is the mechanism by which some species can alter their environment using chemicals or manipulating abiotic factors , allowing the species to thrive while making the environment less favorable to other species with which it competes .
the iru 's constitution obliges it to work towards the twin goals of sustainable development and facilitation of road transport .
facilitation board becoming an elite class .
his continued focus is on creating new businesses and sustainable offerings in the transportation and logistics industry which allow for the facilitation of domestic and international trade all over the world .
collective consumption proposals would be created by citizens making proposals for collective consumption ( e.g. a new recreation center at the community level or a new power plant at the provincial level ) that are received by a facilitation board .
the u.s. business leaders outlined their key priorities as " standards and regulatory cooperation , border security and infrastructure , supply chain management , energy integration , innovation , and external dimensions , " but the nacc as a whole eventually agreed on three overall priorities : border crossing facilitation ( to be handled by the canadian nacc members ) , regulatory convergence ( to be handled by the u.s. nacc ) and energy integration , which the mexican nacc members would handle .
a meeting usually means everyone is together in the same room at the same time and this is the major situation in which facilitation is practiced .
in the case of muscles , which is where most treatment occurs , this involves stretching the muscle using combinations of passive , active , active isolated ( ais ) , muscle energy techniques ( met ) , and proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation ( pnf ) stretching to be effective .
trade costs and facilitation .
for example cefact defines trade facilitation as " the simplification , standardization and harmonisation of procedures and associated information flows required to move goods from seller to buyer and to make payment " .
learners in more than 25 study centres nationwide are supported through interactive study guides , the systematic use of multimedia and personal facilitation of the learning process .
in the early 1980s together with his process work colleagues , mindell began to apply the conceptual framework he had been using with individuals , couples and families , to facilitation of conflict resolution in large groups taking stock of group dynamics .
this “ recurrent facilitation ”
regarding payments to foreign officials , the act draws a distinction between bribery and facilitation or " grease payments " , which may be permissible under the fcpa but may still violate local laws .
his list of five political opportunity structures includes : increasing access , shifting alignments , divided elites , influential allies and repression and facilitation .
his experience and expertise are in financial investigations , anti money laundering strategies and techniques , project formulation , management , evaluation and monitoring , financial risk management , change management , voluntarism and entrepreneurship , cooperatives & community programsí¾ small and medium enterprises planning , expansion & growth , global markets and trade regimes , free trade agreements & rules of origin , export/ import policies , strategies , negotiations and international law , performance audit , corporate social responsibility , & investigative techniques , business development , innovation and entrepreneurship , tax administration policies and practice , trade facilitation , security & compliance , environmental economics and resource management , capacity building , training , curriculum development , design and delivery .
internal communications functions can require several skills , eg : writing , marketing , event organisation , web channels , facilitation , advertising , stakeholder management , corporate social responsibility , branding and communications training .
the center is engaged in the dissemination of leading edge thinking about the mis field , the development of new curriculum , and the facilitation of applied research .
the fact that the observation of action can prime a similar response in the observer , and that the degree to which the observed action facilitates a similar response in the observer cast some light into the phenomenon called social facilitation , first described by robert zajonc , which accounts for the demonstration that the presence of other people can affect individual performance .
for the purpose of decision facilitation , decision makers should be provided with an accounting representation of the state - act - outcome set of the decision .
the copps program is designed to improve law enforcement relations with the community , through the development and facilitation of programs and organizations which address the community 's needs and issues .
a cochrane review of eight studies , published between 1967 and 2005 , measuring the effectiveness of aa , found no significant difference between the results of aa and twelve - step facilitation approaches compared to other treatments .
in the " mountains speak for themselves " model , participants are responsible for reflecting on their experiences on their own , without facilitation from the instructor .
to date , 21 joint training courses had been conducted for 515 participants in the areas of tourism , road safety management , port / airport management , water and solid waste management , technology transfer , border management and trade facilitation .
a period of supervised career facilitation practice also is required prior to certification .
the ripe ncc provides administrative support to ripe , such as the facilitation of and providing administrative support to .
in march 2002 , ifoam obtained observer status with unctad , and in addition received classification in a special category to participate in the meetings of the commission on trade on goods and services and commodities , the commission on enterprise , business facilitation and development and the meetings of the unctad board .
promotion , facilitation , or exploitation of people into prostitution is illegal , but it does occur .
another mechanism of facilitation is a reduced risk of being eaten .
these individuals have a working knowledge of the subject for discussion but they will also have a concrete knowledge of facilitation and how to direct the student to assess their knowledge gaps and seek out answers on their own .. tutors may be totally content focused , totally process focused or some combination of the two , bringing with them prior personal and professional experience .
vfs india is the visa facilitation arm of the kuoni travel group .
methylphenidate was felt to be the superior drug for treating adhd due to its shorter duration of action and more predictable pharmacokinetics , and while desoxypipradrol was researched for other applications ( such as facilitation of rapid recovery from anaesthesia ) , its development was not continued .
the talks were again mediated by the government of southern sudan , but with the support of the united nations and logistic facilitation from the office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs ( ocha ) , under the leadership of her local head eliane duthoit .
the basic objective of this institution is facilitation and perpetuation of explanatory and research work on the true understanding of islam , the publication and mass communication of this understanding through all possible means , and augmentation of people ’s knowledge and education through its dissemination .
this movement is not just a call to action but a platform ( ) which provides any potential voter all the information and facilitation he or she needs to become part of the electoral process .
one study has shown that rls patients have increased rather than the normal decreased spinal cord excitability during sleep and this fits with the osteopathic concept of spinal facilitation postulated by korr .
programs focus on learning - skills assessment , advising and training ; facilitation of computer access for students with special needs ; use of computers as a tool for improving cognitive skills of students with brain injuries ; and training in skills necessary to seek and maintain employment .
the " doing business report " also provides concrete examples of efficiency savings made possible through trade facilitation reforms .
facilitation often occurs with a build and decay time course of about 100 milliseconds .
worldwork facilitation requires an experiential and self - reflective training that focuses on the facilitator ’s development and on learning to maintain a centered mind in the midst of conflict , volatility , unpredictable behavior , and emotionality .
specialized branches work in areas like trade facilitation , development , public affairs and strategic exports .
moreover , ukrainian side argues that 2007 visa facilitation agreement is not fully implemented by member states .
is an ongoing research project on trade facilitation reform carried out by the development economics research group of the world bank .
research on social facilitation progressed slowly over the next few decades as the presence of others seemed to increase performance in some situations , and decrease it in other situations .
as such , facilitation is thought to be the result of an increase in probability of vesicle release from this pool .
the first published study in this area was an experiment in 1898 by norman triplett on the phenomenon of social facilitation .
through research and analysis , training , mediation , cooperative planning , facilitation and other activities , pbf aims to encourage the participation of various organizations , groups and ethnic entities at all levels of the decision - making process ; to develop strategies for the more effective management of social and economic processes ; to improve communication between civil society , government and business ; and to promote a culture of democratic conflict resolution .
changes in fire regimes are another form of facilitation . " bromus tectorum " , originally from eurasia , is highly fire - adapted .
also , in 2006 , the state of south carolina passed legislation requiring all middle and secondary schools to have a career facilitation and guidance services available to students .
the customs and excise department ( c&ed , ) is responsible for the protection of the hong kong special administrative region against smuggling ; the protection and collection of government revenue on dutiable goods ; the detection and deterrence of drug trafficking and abuse of controlled drugs ; the protection of intellectual property rights ; the protection of consumer interests ; and the protection and facilitation of legitimate trade and upholding hong kong ’s trading integrity .
this is complemented by the nwu ’s geographic reach and facilitation centres for off - campus students at 70 centres throughout south africa and namibia .
the ship " was supposed to be released , but now they are saying the $ 200,000 was for facilitation only .
occasionally , the term trade facilitation is extended to address a wider agenda in economic development and trade to include : the improvement of transport infrastructure , the removal of government corruption , the modernization of customs administration , the removal of other non - tariff trade barriers , as well as export marketing and promotion .
the development program focuses on social development , equity , people ’s empowerment and sustainable growth specifically in the areas of capacity - building , conscientization and education programs ; project development facilitation and fund sourcing ; special projects ( i.e. women , children , icc , urban poor , farmers , fisher folk , muslim communities and ofws);technical assistance and consultancy ..
while business consultation is just an extension of philosophical counselling and group facilitation , it is an area with specific needs that does deserve attention .
this may take the form of youth leadership in program or organizational planning , research , design , facilitation or evaluation .
individual prostitution is legal , but the promotion , facilitation , or exploitation of persons into prostitution is illegal .
the assistance , coordination and facilitation of resources provided take the form of loans , stipends , grants , consulting , and program support .
in addition to consultation and facilitation , the rideau institute provides research services to advance their client 's policy agenda , strengthen their message and earn media coverage .
facilitation .
the activities of the u.s. institute for environmental conflict resolution , which provides assessment , mediation , facilitation and related services to assist in resolving federal environmental conflicts , are supported by annual appropriations and fees charged for services .
by the facilitation of interaction among scientists , and the promotion of the exchange of views and ideas on science and technology issues in particular is hoped to catalyse the overall process of socio - economic development in islamic countries .
other effects which could contribute to withdrawal include the facilitation of gaba , upregulation of certain voltage sensitive calcium channels , and dopamine release .
incorporation of facilitation into such classic theories as natural selection and niche separation should be a goal of current and future ecologists .
today , as the role of traditional trade barriers gradually vanishes , the focus of trade policy has shifted to the remaining non - tariff barriers to trade , including trade facilitation .
this regional trade facilitation work is financially supported by new zealand .
the information is provided through knowledge translation , dissemination of relevant knowledge , facilitation of information exchange , internet and related training , and internet site development aids .
in 1970 , he appeared in the rolling stones documentary " gimme shelter " , which featured his representation of the stones and his facilitation of the disastrous decision to stage the rock group 's altamont free concert .
an agreement between the european community and russia on the facilitation of the issuance of visas has been in force since june 1 , 2007 .
as students become more experienced at working together online , some of the online facilitation roles can be handed over to the students .
facilitation .
inprol is a project of the united states institute of peace ( usip ) with facilitation support from the center of excellence for stability police units , the pearson peacekeeping centre , and the public international law & policy group .
the central railway station will also have passenger amenity center in which the waiting hall and waiting room , booking office , passenger facilitation center , cloak room , luggage and parcel booking office etc will be there on platform only
individual workers would indicate their proposed hours of work , and workers will be able to propose upgrades and innovations for their workplace , aided by a facilitation board .
the single window system is a trade facilitation idea .
facilitation of the purpose of the institution .
he was responsible for immigration policy and programs that includes all immigration issues related to the admission and exclusion of aliens as well as the agricultural inspection at all ports of entry to protect the health of u.s. plant and animal resources and the facilitation of their movement in the global market place .
the un / edifact working group ( ewg ) , a permanent working group of the united nations centre for trade facilitation and electronic business ( cefact ) , develops and maintains un / edifact
while the concept behind interface metaphors appears simple ( to promote more efficient facilitation of a computer ) , a lack of empirical evidence exists to support these claims .
more generally , due to short - term synaptic depression and facilitation specific synapses can be resonant for certain frequencies and thus become viable specific targets for bursting cells .
these range from workshop facilitation techniques used to elicit requirements , to techniques for analysing and organising requirements .
1980 returned to new zealand and set up , which is still one of the leading production and facilitation companies in australia & new zealand .
" north american facilitation of transportation , trade , reduced congestion & security ( naftracs ) " was a three phase pilot project designed to focus on business processes and information as freight is transported from buyers to sellers .
it is vital to intensify the process of trade facilitation and removal of the persistent non - tariff border barriers to trade . diverting resources to
the divisions and branches work across various functions , ranging from trade facilitation , contraband enforcement and revenue collection .
experiments by katz & miledi in 1968 demonstrated that the presence of calcium ions was necessary for both facilitation and neurotransmitter release .
the icao council adopts standards and recommended practices concerning air navigation , prevention of unlawful interference , and facilitation of border - crossing procedures for international civil aviation .
apec has long been at the forefront of reform efforts in the area of business facilitation .
the knowledge needed to be involved in politics , in this model , was to be generated by the interaction of citizens , elites , experts , through the mediation and facilitation of journalism .
training are intensive and focused on building the facilitation skills demanded by our whole lives .
the study examines the potential impacts of trade facilitation reforms in four areas : port efficiency , customs administration , information technology , and regulatory environment ( including standards ) .
un / cefact 's modeling methodology , commonly known as umm is a modeling methodology which is developed by cefact - united nations center for trade facilitation and electronic business .
core programs include instruction in the creative problem solving process , the technique developed in the 1950s by alex osborn and sid parnes as well as training in other creativity tools and techniques and in facilitation .
he directed the norwegian facilitation of the united nations - led peace talks leading up to ceasefire agreement between the government of guatemala and the unidad revolucionaria nacional guatemalteca ( urng ) guerrillas signed in oslo in 1996 .
the term " free - running sleep " has occasionally been used by non - scientists to indicate intentional facilitation of the natural sleep / wake cycle .
subsequently , bar proposed that coarse visual information ( i.e. , low spatial frequencies ) is projected rapidly from early visual cortex to the prefrontal cortex , where it triggers top - down facilitation of object recognition ( bar , 2003 [ 2 ] ) .
european association for international education ( eaie ) is a non - profit organisation whose main purpose is the stimulation and facilitation of the internationalisation of higher education in europe and elsewhere in the world .
counseling and disability services provides students with various services such as counseling , facilitation , and peer tutorial services .
the office is located in the williams building , university of saskatchewan , 221 cumberland avenue n. a variety of topics are covered by the centre including adult education , agriculture , arts , business and leadership , children 's programs , counselling , group facilitation , horticulture , indigenous peoples , languages , learning disabilities , nature & the environment , publications , teaching esl , seniors courses , special education , as well as credit studies .
other practice areas include:(a ) marketing strategy consulting and solutions in branding , communications , pr , launches and events ; ( b ) equity facilitation ( they have helped developers raise $ 170 million ) .
in contrast , a different type of facilitation between ants and sap - feeding insects may increase plant predation .
ranken jordan is equipped with nursing care , respite care , and education facilitation services ; physical , occupational , speech , respiratory , and recreation therapies .
bill berman is a corporate psychologist with expertise in executive coaching , leadership development , and transition facilitation .
according to the united states director of national intelligence , gouled was the head of the mogadishu - based facilitation network of al - itihaad al - islamiya ( aiai ) members that supported al - qaeda members in somalia .
tutoring is also referred to as e - moderation and facilitation to achieve goals of independent learning , learner autonomy , self - reflection , knowledge construction , collaborative or group - based learning , online discussion , transformative learning and communities of practice ( salmon , 2004;benson , 2001 ; mezirow , 2000 ; schon , 1987 ; wenger , 1998 ) .
on february 1 , 2009 , the u.s. general services administration awarded transform an approved gsa mobis schedule , contract award number gs-10f-0075v. this contract award included consulting services ( sin 874 - 1 ) , facilitation services ( sin 874 - 2 ) , acquisition management support services ( sin 874 - 6 ) , and program and project management services ( sin 874 - 7 ) .
the basic elements of worldwork – deep democracy and group process – find broad application in the areas of group facilitation , community development , conflict resolution and organizational development .
josé pouler , a member of the gualeguaychú assembly , expressed support for the facilitation , calling it " a good initiative " , though he pointed out that , to them , the construction of the mills on the river " is not negotiable " .
the arts council~haliburton highlands is a not - for - profit organization that " strives to provide a strong voice for the arts in haliburton county ; serve as a catalyst for community economic development through the arts ; and , through the facilitation of collaborative relationships among artists , organizations , businesses and government , contribute to the vibrancy of the arts and community life . "
besides the facilitation of online chess games , it also provided members with a method of conducting online chess tournaments .
the mission of the institute extends beyond education to include the facilitation of business relations between the state of rheinland - palatinate and asia ( especially china and japan ) .
pnf stretching , or proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation , is a method of flexibility training that can reduce hypertonus , allowing muscles to relax and lengthen .
ongoing programs include the summer seminar series , thomas jefferson education conventions , and the facilitation of final oral exams for the five pillar certification program .
mexican trade facilitation and competitiveness .
pnf ( proprioceptive neuromuscular facilitation ) stretching is a physical therapy procedure designed in the 1940s and 1950s to rehabilitate patients with paralysis .
he continues to work with young officers in the army , focusing on professional development through personal interaction and facilitation of learning via the army 's companycommand and platoonleader online professional forums , where he is able to share his experiences and lessons learned in a public venue .
an effort was made in the beginning of april to obtain some facilitation of the conditions under which old age pensions were granted .
his work through sang jacobsson included mentoring , training , policy work , facilitation and analysis , and was mainly for clients in the nhs and the uk health economy .
trade facilitation and development .
person centred thinking skills , total communication techniques , graphic facilitation of meetings and problem solving skills are some methods commonly used in the development of a person centred plan , as are path ( planning alternative tomorrows with hope ) , circles of support , maps , personal futures planning , essential lifestyle planning , person centred reviews and most recently the use of to build from one page profiles into person centred descriptions / collections of person centred information and on into full scale plans .
although indirect , meps modulation provides the evidence that in humans the motor system of the observer actively " resonates " on the basis of the various phases of the observed action ( i.e. seeing a hand closing onto an object induces a facilitation of the observer 's corticospinal channels leading to hand closure ) .
usaid also helps macedonian enterprises through business resource centers , improved access to credit and equity , trade and investment facilitation , and training .
thanks to this facilitation the public in both richer and poorer countries can hear the truth about poverty , climate change and their impacts on our world through effective media .
in areas of high stress , the level of facilitation is especially high as well .
the following services are offered to potential investors : providing statistics , economic and legal investment related information ; database of greenfield and other investment opportunities with site visit organization ; assistance in obtaining registration , licenses , permits and other documentation ; identifying local partners and suppliers , including meeting facilitation ; presenting ready - to - invest projects ; maintaining investment and exporters databases ; delivering sector analysis and studies .
once approval is given , invariably without any dispute or disagreement , arrangements for purchase of equipment and facilitation of human support ( where appropriate ) can be made .
he also said that the singapore issues could progress by negotiating on trade facilitation , considering further action on government procurement , and possibly dropping
one approach is to provide professional 12-step facilitation ( tsf ) either in an individual or group setting .
trade facilitation involves a wide range of activities centered on lowering trade transaction costs for firms in global commerce .
facilitation affects community diversity ( defined in this context as the number of species in the community ) by altering competitive interactions .
in this sense , illusory facilitation appears to be a very robust phenomenon , not unlike illusory correlation , which is not reversed by warning participants about the phenomenon . "
the main reason marijuana is consumed by college - aged students is for social facilitation purposes .
such modern performances are sattvika yajnas where the animal is worshipped without killing it , the religious motivation being prayer for overcoming enemies , the facilitation of child welfare and development , and clearance of debt , entirely within the allegorical interpretation of the ritual , and with no actual sacrifice of any animal , nor any sexual connotations .
differences include the need for more facilitation to help structure discussions , with groups roles emerging more slowly online .
this facilitation will not go so far as to protect an entire species , however .
the agreement contains a 4-page declaration , with four annexes ( a - d ) covering agriculture , non - agricultural market access , services , and trade facilitation , respectively .
in this way , facilitation by a pre - existing youth culture and identification with the african - american cause have both made importing the associated hip hop culture quite easy .
depending on the stage of recovery , aac intervention may involve the establishment of consistent responses , the facilitation of reliable yes / no responses and the ability to express basic needs and to answer questions , and later , if necessary , more longer term aac , including high - tech systems .
the passenger facilitation center would provide the passengers with all the necessary help from our railway staff under one roof only like train enquiry , retiring room / dormitory book , wheel chair booking for the handicapped passengers , sale of railway time - table and the platforms tickets .
