however , on april 29 , 2005 , airport police officer tommy edward scott was killed while investigating a suspicious person near an airport perimeter fence .
the school is known for being very competitive in basketball and fencing , having won provincial titles in basketball in the last five years and having many of its former students fence at international levels .
the fence is crossed by an overpass marking the red and blue ﬁnish lines .
the most recent land acquisition for the fort was a parcel of less than along the rosemont avenue fence in 1962 , completing the present .
it is revealed that michael fixed the fence so that the electricity will superheat a chemical that sucre ( who was hired as the new grave digger ) sprays on it , as the heated chemical is able to melt steel .
the horse got stuck on the fence and was hit from behind by robbo .
the band released their first carbon neutral album in 2008 , jump the fence .
tom confidently attempts to lift up the barrel , until he hears a whistle , and looks to his side to see jerry lying on a nearby fence .
when they dig at the dirt around the fence , they find a few bones and a dog collar .
for example , a popular and effective strategy in a cage is to pin an opponent into the area where the fence meets the mat , and then pummel him with strikes .
if they had n't told them the key was missing and went ahead and opened the gates , then the fence woudn't had been torn down and the people would had been using their tickets to get in .
sometimes , cacti are used as barriers without being formed into a structured fence .
nearby the old fuel station is another environmental disaster , industrial waste was dumped in a row , which is now covered in grass sealed off by a high wire fence .
in wellington a few hundred protestors marched down lambton quay to the ministry of foreign affairs and trade as part of a wellington palestine group protest to demand that the government not allow israel to reopen its embassy in new zealand until such time as israel has ceased from the war , demolished the security fence , withdrawn from territory and help palestinian refugees .
moxley was last seen " falling together behind the fence " near the pool in the skakel backyard at around 9:30 p.m.
and one of the more touching incidents was - our children spoke german - when they tried to talk with the german children just across the fence .
well , come see a fat old man sometime ” " and jumps his new horse over a fence .
boaters beware of numerous fence posts and barbed wire .
right fielder tony tarasco backed up to the wall , but twelve - year old yankees fan jeffrey maier reached over the fence and caught the ball before tarasco could attempt to do so himself .
all the funds for the development were raised from public subscriptions , apart from a grant from bord fáilte for the perimeter fence .
those productions contributed to the recreation of the scoreboard and press - box and the addition of 1940s period style advertisements on the outfield fence .
sprout below the favorite resting places of the birds , along fence rows and the edge of woods .
it is usually made of netting or a chain - link fence and rectangular in shape .
improvements included a new fence , new foul poles , bullpens , and batting cages .
shmuel forgives bruno , and the boys shake hands through the fence .
the coroner recommended paling the fence to avoid similar accidents in the future .
the bad dudes are seen leaning against a fence on a sidewalk next to their statue .
barton also contains a throwing cage with a cement circle and crusher dust landing sector surrounded by a high chain link fence .
the dutch responded by reinforcing fort provintia ( building brick walls instead of the previous bamboo fence ) and by monitoring chinese settlers more closely .
in pastures containing both both cattle and sheep , one or two strands of barbed wire is used in conjunction with woven wire to both discourage cattle from reaching over the top of a fence and to keep sheep from crawling under .
unfortunately for sheppard , his fence , william field , was one of wild 's men .
the subject matter is often sexual , that is , the elements of love left out by poets who wrote in the more elevated genres such as ovid , who suggests in the " ars amatoria " ( ii.704 - 5 ) that the muse should not enter the room where the lovers are in bed , and chrétien de troyes , who maintains silence on the exact nature of the joy discovered by lancelot and guinevere in " le chevalier de la charrette " ( 4676 - 4684 ) . " lais " and fabliaux have much in common ; an example of a poem straddling the fence between the two genres is " lecheor " .
however , his knowledge of italian is n't perfect , and the pows end up crashing into the fence !
in september 2006 an adult male african lion escaped its enclosure through a break in the fence .
it ploughed through a fence past the end of the runway , before the port wing hit a nearby house and was torn off .
horses that crib or chew wood will often do considerable property damage by wearing down stall doors , mangers , and fence rails .
the subsequent cannon fire demoralized the defenders , some of whom retreated behind a rail fence , west of the square .
michael restores power to the prison and also manages to restore power to a previously broken electric fence .
under his direction , the cast iron fence was restored and repaired , and the cathedral exterior was cleaned and repaired .
in february 2005 , the israel supreme court rejected a palestinian appeal to change the path of the security fence in the region of the tomb .
backyard coops are smaller coops often surrounded by a fence ( sometimes made with chicken wire ) to allow the chickens an area to roam , peck , and hunt insects , while contained .
due to its durability and the fact that it splits readily , the timber was used in the past for fence posts and shingles .
the wire is aligned under tension between heavy , braced , fence posts ( strainer posts ) and then held at the correct height by being attached to wooden posts and battens , or steel star posts .
some vehicle tracking systems integrate several security systems , for example by sending an automatic alert to a phone or email if an alarm is triggered or the vehicle is moved without authorization , or when it leaves or enters a geo - fence .
exercising of the rights is overseen by the swedish national environmental protection agency – which can , for example , force the removal of a fence if it obstructs people 's right to enter the property under the " everyman 's right " ( see swedish environmental law - ' miljöbalken 26 kap . 11 § ' ) .
the outfield fence ranges from a height of in left field to in center field and in right field , a tribute to former pirate right fielder roberto clemente , who wore number " 21 " .
the coroner accomplishes the task by declaring , " i fence this court of tynwald in the name of our most gracious sovereign lady the queen .
he struck the first two balls to the fence , leaving one run from the remaining four balls .
a driver in front of him struck a metal pipe , which went through pakula 's windshield , striking him in the head and causing him to swerve off the road and into a fence .
footing is never used to make a course more difficult ( for example , a fence is never purposely placed in a boggy area or one with sharp rocks ) .
ōishi had four men scale the fence and enter the porter 's lodge , capturing and tying up the guard there .
the opening of the gates by popular demand in 2002 resulted in renewed vandalism , and a new fence was installed in 2006 , during renovations on the monument and fountain .
due to its large size , it is permanently parked south of the museum 's hangar at wheeler airport , the large tail hanging beyond the the fence line surrounding the downtown airport 's apron .
thirty of the original forty starters continued onto the racecourse to the chair fence in front of the stands where " jack high " , " silver birch " and " heros collonges " all came to grief .
as of 6:00 am on friday march 9 , 2007 the fence surrounding the construction site was taken down and some of the construction equipment is gone ; two cranes still remain .
the center fence has since been lowered .
in 1868 one doswell donated some land and in the 1870s a new fence was constructed .
on july 31 , 2003 , a cessna 207 skywagon plane carrying the pilot and three passengers made an emergency crash landing , rolling just behind the left field fence as a game between the bucs and the alaska goldpanners was on at mulcahy , and a soccer game was being played at the field behind it ( anchorage football stadium ) .
sanyustiz took control of the bus and drove it through a fence of the peruvian embassy .
the upper part of the base represents a lawn , divided into fields by a rustic fence .
facing rookie dick hoover of the boston braves , wilhelm swung and sliced a home run over the short right - field fence at the polo grounds .
a field is officially supposed to have a warning track between 15 and 12 feet ( 5 and 4 meters ) from the outfield fence .
from the point to the south of the town where the new road to cork quits the sea - shore , northward , in a straight line to the point in windmill lane where the same is joined by a bye road from the north , about two hundred yards to the west of the house occupied by mr. flyn ; thence in a straight line to the south - western angle of the ordnance ground on which the barracks stand , near the old cork road ; thence along the western fence of the ordnance ground to the north - western angle of the same ; thence , northward in a straight line to the spot where the upper edge of the great quarry near counsellor feuge 's house is cut by a road which runs through the same to the mount uniacke road ; thence along the road so running through the quarry to the point where the same meets the mount uniacke road ; thence , northward , in a straight line to the point where a bye road which leads from the mount uniacke road to the waterford road makes a turn almost at right angles a little to the south of the house called eustace 's folly ; thence , northward , along the same road , passing to the west of eustace 's folly , to the spot where the same road meets the waterford road ; thence in a straight line to the nearest point of the sea - shore ; thence along the sea - shore to the point first described .
in the park bob is shoveling up " elasmotherium " dung when he sees the " phorusrhacos " looking at him through a fence .
the police retreated , forming two lines at the water tank 120 yards inside the fence .
there was a high fence around it .
for the first circuit and a half foinavon played no real part in the precedings , but he would go on to win the race after avoiding a melee at the 23rd fence , when two loose horses ( popham down and team spirit ) in front of the field turned aside suddenly , causing all the following horses to fall , refuse or unseat their riders .
in 1967 , the inner oblong fence was added .
bothwell began to fence in parts of ella 's ranch and sent cowboys working for him to harass the couple .
other times , he would deliberately have someone hit flies out to the warning track so he could practice running full speed into the chain - link fence . "
eliza is discovered by bree and sloane while she is sneaking around and they interrogate her about how she came to know about the fence .
similarly , fielders may stand on the other side of the fence if they wish .
it was separated from the main lager by a barbed - wire fence .
the island fence lizard , " sceloporus occidentalis becki " is endemic to the channel islands of california .
whitlow was disliked by the players for a number of reasons , not the least of which was that he decided to improve the batters ' background at wrigley field by constructing a fence atop the wall in straightaway center field and allowed the ivy to twine its way up , thus forming a solid background of ivy .
she used that network of motivated women to fight for issues including environmental conservation , child welfare , women 's suffrage , the state library of florida in tallahassee , reservations for the seminoles , the establishment of compulsory education , stock fence laws , and state parks .
the ha - ha consists of a trench , the inner side of which is perpendicular and faced with stone , with the outer slope face sloped and turfed - making it in effect a sunken fence .
they lost jimmy wynn for the season after he crashed into an outfield fence in philadelphia and morgan had broken his knee cap .
in november 2006 , disney filed plans for a project on the site of the contemporary resort 's north garden wing , and a construction fence was erected , encompassing the wing and part of its parking lot .
berry had experienced tenant - farming in his native land of scotland , and by the 1850s and based on his experience developed the idea of " clearing leases " , an arrangement whereby tenants were given five years rent - free to clear and fence their property , after which they became tenants of berry .
foghorn then closes the gate to the fence just in time for the dog to crash into it head first .
a week later a high drama ensued when officials of the efcc tried to arrest her at her home in the maitama district of abuja city , after several simultaneous stake outs by law enforcement officials that had her jumping over her fence to evade arrest by nigerian law enforcement officers .
it is usually seen soaring or perched on fence posts or dead trees .
on november 27 , 817 , at dusk , li su launched the attack , from his then - base of wencheng fence ( 文成柵 , in modern zhumadian ) , without informing anyone other than li you and li zhongyi what the intended target was .
for example , " the removalist " represents the everyman who ' sits on the fence ' .
the pond in which deceased was found is about 10 ½ yards by 4 , and a yard and a half or two yards deep in some parts ; it is , except at one corner , surrounded by a dead fence , about 4 feet high , and is so situate that the boy could not possibly have broken his neck in falling in accidentally .
cutting the wires or pulling them out of place resulted in an alarm being activated , alerting the guards to a possible breach of the fence .
about 500 rioters then broke the fence of kadena air base and razed the military employment building and the offices of " stars and stripes " newspaper .
coupled with an aching knee and a 440-foot right field fence at the cavernous coliseum , snider hit only 15 home runs in 1958 .
cunningham knew charlie heather through their previous band , " the fence " , where he had proved himself a skilled but not too showy drummer .
a gate at the southern end of this fence is opened by staff for the few trains stopping at platform 2 .
the goal of the movement is to encourage the government to construct a security fence along israel 's borders . "
it is also done automatically in the bark electronic collar to stop excessive barking , and invisible fence collar when the dog strays outside its boundary .
the umpires reviewed the play , determined the fan did not reach over the fence , and reversed the call , awarding peña a home run .
his partnership with jason titley ended at in a first fence fall .
in the 1850s walkways , a now removed cast iron fence , benches , and live oak trees were added .
rabbi ishmael comments that rabbi eleazar is fortunate to have died before breaking the law , and quotes ecclesiastes 10:8 , " he who breaks a fence will be bitten by a snake . "
construction of border fence .
due to the lack of space on the hockey field , and the 30 or so smokers who sit along the back fence , students regularly choose to go to the large football field on the block north of the school during lunchtimes , named buckley park ( which is where the school name originated ) and are supervised by staff .
the setting of this story is heaven 's fence , a locale also commonly referred to as the keywork although these two are not the same thing .
the americans took up a position behind a fence at the upper end of the orchard .
there are twenty - two obstacles to be jumped , and the most notorious of these is the rail - ditch and fence ( the " juge de paix " ) .
this results in a shorter rip fence , which makes it harder to make a clean , straight cut when ripping .
the main purpose of the fence is to keep the prison separated from the military camp .
he also condemned the media for their opposition to the electric fence , pointing out that " they were the ones spilling for their ( the hooligans ) blood a month ago " .
in the park the titanosaurs break their fence and have to be let wander around the park .
for this song the law court show " richterin barbara salesch " ( judge barbara salesch ) was shown , where the plaintiff , regina zindler , accused her neighbour because a snowberry bush ( " knallerbsenstrauch " ) was growing into her chain - link fence ( " maschendrahtzaun " ) , hence damaging it .
for example , the rule governing reaching into dugouts to catch fly balls would not apply in leagues where the dugouts are separated from the field by a chain - link fence that is taller than the players .
the sign on a nearby fence reads " no dogs . "
the left field fence also featured a large scoreboard .
he has been described as " tom waits snagged on a barbedwire fence . " and as having a " smoky voice ( with a ) bruised world - weariness " .
the local oral literature recounts that o'brien , as member of parliament ( mp ) for clare from 1832 to 1847 , won a bet with his english counterparts that he could build a fence a mile long , a yard high and an inch thick .
in the third he just missed when his long drive to left center hit the top of the fence and came back for a triple .
before kick - off , disaster struck : liverpool fans breached a fence which separated the two groups of supporters and charged the juventus fans .
in 1710 , the market was surrounded by a wooden fence to keep the livestock within the market ; and until its abolition , the gate house of cloth fair was protected by a chain ( " le cheyne " ) on market days .
since then the club has built a covered stand , a new clubhouse , installed floodlights and erected a high fence around the ground .
included is also this short description , excerpted from a tercentenary tour of the lake by dignitaries aboard the steamboat " ticonderoga " ( now on display at the shelburne museum ) , which says , " ashore in the shadow of ti 's high bluff - we come upon a curious relic - a water - beaten hulk , some fifty feet long , ribs and planking quite intact , set on piers and surrounded by a fence .
construction involves building , painting , sanding , welding , fence - building , knot - tying , firebreaks & invader species eradication .
charles crocker , a railroad investor and owner of a house on nob hill built a high fence around his neighbor 's house in the hope of persuading his neighbor to sell having spoiled his view .
if , for example , someone is climbing a fence near your post , you must report it , even if the offender stops climbing and runs away after your challenge .
as the legend goes , one day yang pan - hou heard a noise over the fence and looked to see wang jiao - yu practicing the guang ping form .
she donated the two mile ( 3 km ) long , eight foot tall steel fence to the war department to be turned into metal for 18,000 guns .
back at the bree and sloane 's camp , sloane is tying eliza up in the trailer and again asks how she knows about the fence .
in accordance with twra regulations and taos guidelines the quarantine area has a hot wire fence .
( malan , 马栏 ) , they set out on august 7 , 1945 and the communist temporary headquarter was also moved forward from horse fence ( malan , 马栏 ) to mianlu ( 免鹿 ) hamlet at the foothill of phoenix mountain ( fenghuanshan , 凤凰山 ) , 10 km away from yetai mountain ( yetai shan , 爷台山 ) .
in 1893 , when the fence 's original purpose of keeping out livestock was no longer needed , the college decided to tear it down , to much student and alumni outcry .
in 1758 the manor court gave permission for the vicar and others to " inclose and fence in - a certain piece or parcel of land , lying on wimbledon common for the use of a charity school " and the first octagonal building was put up .
this creates a pile both in front of and behind the sand fence causing more sand to drop out .
the lebanese armed forces patrol the road outside the perimeter fence .
next to the fence are several memorials such as a bronze plaque of names , flags , and a large cross .
there were thirty - eight arrests , with four breaching the fence and the railway line being blocked .
access to the station from this corner is only available from a gate through a chain - link fence .
the following night , cobain walked outside to have a cigarette , then climbed over a six - foot - high fence to leave the facility ( of which he joked of earlier in the day to be a stupid feat to attempt ) .
in december 2006 , attorneys on lam 's staff , assistant united states attorney christopher alexander , obtained a $ 4.7 million dollar fine settlement from the golden state fence company of riverside , ca , for hiring illegal immigrants .
as a yearling , he severely injured himself when he caught a hoof between the rails of a fence and as a result was unable to race until age three .
rhino ark is a charity based in kenya and the uk with a mission to raise funds and material support to build an electrified fence encircling both the aberdares national park and the demarcated forestry areas which make up the aberdares conservation area .
cut short , sociology sits on the fence , it is a mix of human and nature sciences , philosophy and politics .
ann made an escape attempt , taking benny with her , but was accidentally killed when she made contact with an electrical fence .
. 1 fence , which crosses the state from north to south , the no .
girls from the college were on the lawns of the front garden in order to see him and he went over to speak to them , standing on the fence to do so .
a series of gates allow vehicles to pass through the fence .
cobb thus became the only player of the modern era to lead his league in home runs in a season without hitting a ball over the fence .
much of the fence was sold to a west german scrap - metal company .
the southern part of the park , enclosed by an iron fence , is a grassy area with benches and large outcroppings of manhattan schist .
slim pickings " moved to the lead at the next fence and by the third last was at the head of a group of ten runners that still carried chances as he was tracked by " libertine " , " silver birch " , " philson run " , " thisthatandtother " , " mckelvey " , " hedgehunter " , " longshanks " , " l'ami " and " numbersixvalverde " .
in 1907 , the rabbit - proof fence was built in western australia between cape keraudren and esperance to try to control the rabbit population .
. depite all his good fortune , ponting slid into the boundary fence and seriously damaged his ankle during the second final against pakistan , forcing him to miss the upcoming odi series ' in new zealand and south africa .
in 1901 the rabbit proof fence was constructed just to the east of narembeen and can still be seen today .
the incident started when a detainee refused to back off from the fence as ordered , he was shot .
other businesses in chatfield include : chatfield news , clc flooring & amish furniture , country art gallery , sutherland fence , hammell equipment , st. joseph 's implement ( new holland dealer ) , sweet petals , etc . , homestyle pizza , and robin 's upholstery .
city workers are said to have shown up suddenly one day and begun cutting through the fence at the appropriate point for the new street .
those eight included four over the left field fence , an inside - the - park home run by paul hines , and one smash by jerry denny that landed in the carriage driveway in right - center field , which was called " the longest ever made upon the grounds . " just beyond the short left field lay a building where fans could sit on the roof and watch the game for the discounted rate of 25 cents , probably to the chagrin of the team management .
the colony is surrounded by a security fence which keeps the giant insects out of the colony and from causing mischief therein .
around 15 protestors , including a.j. muste and karl h. meyer , the son of vermont senator william meyer , were arrested and handcuffed as they climbed the fence to invade the site .
ramprasad was repairing a fence with the assistance of his daughter , who left shortly thereafter .
jesse , or prize fighter inferno , appears and informs the prise that ryan is planning to separate the twelfth sector from heaven 's fence and alter god 's creation .
according to the story , she eats little children and uses their bones to build a fence around her house .
the jumper’. the british were so close to him that as he jumped across a fence , they impeded his progress , by pinning with bayonets his blanket coat to the rails .
on september 21 , a barb - wired fence was constructed around the studio premises , while right - wing supporters guarded the site with firearms , to prevent the authorities from shutting down radio pretoria .
" ballycassidy " was beginning to go backwards at this point when he turned too sharply and threw his rider while at the next fence , valentine 's brook " simon " came down when in second place . "
the fence is usually 1,5 - 2 metres tall .
a green paint chip found on tracy 's body was matched to a dismantled fence that lord had hauled in his truck incriminating him .
in zadar in december 2006 , unidentified persons sprayed ustasha symbols and offensive graffiti referring to a serbian orthodox saint on the fence of the st. ilija church .
the fence the “ chili heads ” used was constructed by undocumented mexican workers who labored annually for the cook - off organizers at five dollars a day plus meals and rustic lodging .
in recent years a fence was erected around the tree to protect it from vandalism .
combining a small culvert fence with a pond leveler pipe is another effective method to protect culverts from beaver damming .
the actual structure that encroaches might be a tree , bush , bay window , stairway , steps , stoop , garage , leaning fence , part of a building , or other fixture .
located adjacent to newfield on the north side is selden middle school , separated by a fence & athletic fields .
perhaps most significantly , with its short left field fence ( only slightly longer to left field than fenway park ) , overall shorter dimensions , and exposure to the elements , including the humid texas air , enron field played like a hitters ' park .
dartmouth students protested by tearing down and burning the rebuilt fence ; the town responded by threatening to reopen main street on its previous route from the green 's southwest corner across to the northeast .
he would peer over the fence when she was sunbathing , threatened to ' blow her head off ' with a gun , and regularly played loud music .
one featuring cast iron decorations , including a lion head , a fence decorated with the star of david , and a small gate flanked by two lampposts the other has a portal carrying the inscription issh mdp 1667 .
he worked as a barman , actor , fence builder , painter , singing telegrammer , drag performer and nanny , before branching into film and media .
two of his three daughters ( named in the deeds held by many present day residents ) erected a black painted corrugated iron fence all around the park and lived in the mansion as virtual recluses .
never allow the fence to be closer to the rear of the blade than the front .
she is later seen by speedy , still within the confines of the park but perching on a large rock beside the park boundary fence .
under the command of general mayo denftinwolf , these numerous soldiers ( closely resembling numbers again of the storm trooper clone army ) take part in the murder of dr. leonard hohenberger , the kidnapping of coheed and cambria , the fighters in each war across the fence in defense of tri - mage wilhelm ryan , and the transport and murder of the " star " on shylos x.
chinese – korean border fence .
secure fence act of 2006 .
instead , the system has to assume the worst scenario and always fence in case of problems .
the muckdogs logo is a dog on a crushed fence in the shape of an " m " surrounded by muck with baseballs on either side .
along the inside the fence there are rows of barbwire , microwave beams and many other security features .
a new fence near the road was also created by iron age arts with detailed historical designs outlined on four panels .
in the main screen , which is the alley , the player is presented with a tall fence in front of an apartment building with several windows .
it was not possible to simply drive through the gap in the fence that existed at crossing points , as the east germans installed high - impact vehicle barriers and mobile rolling barriers that could ( and did ) kill drivers that attempted to ram them .
the designer , rupert evans , had previously worked on a tidal fence proposal , but since dismissed it as unworkable .
whilst on the other side of the fence , rené is constantly being interrogated by the colonel , the general or the gestapo .
the subplot centers around a couch abandoned near the fence where hank , boomhauer , bill , and dale drink beer .
the pair moved into the leading contingent early on the second circuit and was still going well in fourth place when falling at the third last fence .
sharp 's car turned on its left side , hit the fence , then barrel - rolled three - and - a - half times before landing right - side up .
against official advice , gartenschläger made a second successful trip to the same section of fence on 23 april and retrieved another live sm-70 .
renovations on the building in 1889 and 1890 included a new fence , new floors , a hot and cold water system and electric lights .
on the fence .
however , the berlin wall was built and a barbed wire fence with minefields extended the entire north - south length of a divided germany .
near the top is a rectangular terrace with an iron fence .
there is a concourse that goes completely around the field but the concourse in right field is behind the fence and one can not see the field from this area .
the grounds were protected from the street by a low stone wall , on which was placed a light wooden fence with gateposts of the same material .
for instance , the electric fence that will surround the centre for sustainable development ( needed given the presence of wild elephants in the area ) will be powered by solar energy .
he landed headfirst on the other side of the fence .
" the gallantry of private henry l. hulbert , who remained behind at the fence till the last and who was with lansdale and monaghan when they were killed , i desire especially to mention . "
the objective of " qix " is to fence off , or “ claim ” , a supermajority of the playfield .
during the takeoff , the wrong flap setting resulted in the prototype running into a fence at the end of the runway , damaging one of the landing gears .
pelosi voted against the secure fence act of 2006 .
there is a fence between platforms 2 and 3 , but they are on the same level and it is possible to pass directly between them .
there are several subspecies of the western fence lizard , all of which are found in the far western part of north america .
they are adept climbers , spending time on branches and in bushes , even found on fence posts when living near human habitation .
they also warn the family not to throw " the good food " over the fence , and to call them when the neighbors start playing up again .
" ... apprehensions along the region with a security fence dropped from 202,000 in 1992 to 9,000 in 1994 . "
a fence encircles the tree to protect its roots from soil compaction due to foot traffic .
whitington noted that " [ umpire ] hele believes that had what followed occurred in melbourne the crowd would have leapt the fence and belaboured the english captain ; larwood , and possibly the entire side " .
the boy is trying to leave greece but the way to albania is not exactly an easy one , alexander sees at the snowy mountain border an eerie barbed wire fence with what seem to be bodies stuck to it .
he decided life was not worth living and he crawled over to an electric fence and touched it , but the power was not on .
one block from her home , she drove her corvette into a fence , suffering lacerations to her face and breaking her nose .
the third man , standing on the opposite side of the fence , tells him that his replacements are circling him like vultures because batman 's luck is about to run out and soon he 'll be gone .
after justin almost ran them off the road bridget drenched them with her drink bottle , declan took off and they pulled up the car before jumping over a fence and hiding behind a bin .
according to the south carolina department of archives and history , " in 1816 , george edwards purchased the property and enlarged the premises , creating a garden which was separated from the house yard by a notable fence of wrought iron which had unusual stuccoed columns topped with sandstone balls . "
the new hobgoblin , ( ironically enough revealed to be the original hobgoblin , roderick kingsley ) in an attempt to remove spider - girl from her friends , savagely attacked raptor and chained her body to a fence .
he was poetry editor for " fence " magazine .
in combination with a phenoxyalkanoic acid or an other herbicide , dicamba is used in pastures , range land , and non - crop areas ( fence - rows , roadways and wastage ) to control weeds .
in the 1840s , a thorn fence was erected along with western frontiers of bengal province to prevent smuggling of salt , see great hedge of india .
one was the addition of a fin known as a " wing fence " on the upper surface of the wing to redirect the flow to the rear ( see the mig-15 as an example . )
some authors have raised the island fence lizard to specific rank .
the lifestyle at his estate , belle ombre , is supported by dickie greenleaf 's fortune , a fence scam with a man named reeves , and derwatt ltd. — an art forgery scheme that he helped set up years before .
fagin in dickens 's " oliver twist " appears to be based on a notorious ' fence ' named ikey solomon ( 1785–1850 ) who operated in 1820 's whitechapel .
this is due to the fact that any ball that is hit over the outfield fence is a home run .
kazakh border officials began building a 28-mile long fence on the border with uzbekistan on 19 october 2006 . "
for example , a large rock may have fallen off the cliff , broken through the slide fence , and continued to fall away from the track .
the castle ( round which the modern town has developed ) was encircled by a wooden fence and a deep moat .
for assistants jericho has a faithful secretary ; a tough sergeant and for comic relief an asthmatic younger di assistant and a street fence .
the judgement may be a civil judgement about money laundering ; the civil or criminal forfeiture of assets ; or made against those who act as a fence .
contrary to popular belief , fielder did not hit a home run into the upper deck of tiger stadium at the age of twelve , but he did hit a home run over the fence as a pre - teen .
his plan includes building a border fence , increased border patrol personnel , and increases in visas for skilled workers who enter the country legally .
they also guarded work detachments carrying out maintenance work on the western side of the fence .
the wide borders paralleling the wrought iron fence are planted with rhododendron , laurel , dogwoods , and many other flowering shrubs that effectively screen the grounds from street traffic and give the visitor a feeling of complete seclusion .
after lifting brenda over a fence into a copse , he strangled her and when she did not scream , bashed her head against a stone .
de villiers scored freely throughout the day to reach 163 before being caught on the fence .
the most crucial aspect of the sanctuary is a pest - exclusion fence , specifically designed to exclude fourteen species of non - native land mammals ranging from deer to mice , that encircles the 8.6 km perimeter of the sanctuary .
the fence in left field was only five feet tall , but batters had to hit the ball down the line to hit a home run , and it was fully to the scoreboard in the deepest part of center field .
despite the allegedly short fence , the messer street grounds was not a friendly home run park .
his earliest albums - " 28 secret tracks " , " moses " , " auckley craw " and " honda hedge " - were released by himself and on fence records and are no longer for sale , but " concubine rice " and " schoozzzmmii " are available worldwide from domino records and ( lone pigeon 's own label ) whizzkidzz respectively .
the freak accident occurred when the car , which was travelling at a speed of 87 kilometres an hour along lentor avenue ( the maximum speed limit was 70 kilometres an hour there ) , mounted an 18 cm kerb , crossed 6 metres of grass verge ( inclusive of a 1.5 metres wide pavement ) , jumped over a 1.5 metres drain , went through a fence 2 metres away from the track , and went uphill onto a steep stone embankment before landing on the mrt track .
after 1898 the page fence giants were unable to continue playing , so johnson and most of the other players moved to chicago where they played for the chicago columbia giants in 1899 .
as the police try to take him into custody , ferris leans against a rotted fence and falls to his death .
combinations involving skinnies become increasingly common as the rider moves up the levels because they reduce the degree of error that is available if the rider is to successfully negotiate the fence .
an access road to the park was built in 1974 , and new facilities there included a parking lot , drinking water and toilets , and installation of a fence on the bridge deck .
another scene is of thomas holding onto an electric wire fence while the band stands in the background .
it was chosen as a suitable site for the project for a number of reasons , including the diversity of its terrain , the relative integrity of natural areas in spite of some human engineered changes , the commitment of surrounding communities , and the feasibility of fence - construction given surrounding developed terrain .
the term zigzag cipher may refer to the rail fence cipher as described above .
" we see the ebb and flow of the feeling , its pauses and feverish starts , its impatience of opposition , it accumulating force when it has had time to recollect itself , the manner in which it avails itself of every passing word or gesture , its haste to repel insinuation , the alternate contraction and dilatation of the soul , and all ' the dazzling fence of controversy ' in this mortal combat with poisoned weapons , aimed at the heart , where each wound is fatal .
after the inner fence was installed , the berm was still visible during football season .
the person to be dunked climbs onto the seat via a ladder on the side of the dunk tank , and is protected by a chain - link fence enclosure while waiting to be dunked .
fence river .
the good fence ( הגדר הטובה ) is a popular term for israel 's northern border with lebanon during the period following the lebanese civil war and the 1978 south lebanon conflict during which southern lebanon was controlled by the maronite christians and the south lebanon army , friendly to israel .
grommets are the nickel holes that enable the banner to be hung on fence posts , walls , or on the side of buildings .
in the 2005 " criminal intent " episode " diamond dogs " ( chris noth 's first episode as a regular cast member ) , logan , questioning a burglar 's fence in a pool hall , is clearly referring to briscoe when he says that a former partner " was " a " wizard with the stick " .
