the degree to which such fetishism exists or has existed in different cultures is controversial .
in fact , one of his major themes ( the theory of “ commodity fetishism ” ) is that the system of commodity exchange that dominates capitalism obscures the class nature of that institution .
in contrast several german labels focus on a more " home - made " amateur flair , often focusing on intense hardcore themes such as gang bangs , bukkake and urine fetishism ; most notably ' german goo girls ' and other series by john thompson productions .
throughout the video , there are brief shots of an evil clown , a goat head being used as part of a ritual sacrifice , vampires , skulls and foot fetishism .
hand fetishism ( or hand partialism ) is the sexual fetish for hands .
belly button fetishism includes the acts of fingering , licking , tickling , or torturing ( with a sharp object ) the soft flesh of the navel cavity .
perlman wrote an introduction to the book : " an essay on commodity fetishism . "
amelia jones proposes that this mode of viewing gender offered a way to move beyond the theories of the gaze and sexual fetishism , notions which by the late 1980s , jones viewed as outdated ways of understanding women 's societal status .
the " cosplay "- themed " uniform collection / anna syugetsu " had akane donning a variety of school uniforms , a popular form of garment fetishism in avs .
a contemporaneous critique of the red army faction 's view of the state , published in a pirate edition of " le monde diplomatique " , ascribed to it ' state - fetishism ' - an ideologically obsessive misreading of bourgeois dynamics and the nature and role of the state in post - wwii societies , including west germany .
intimate examinations are eroticized by some people as part of medical fetishism , and as such are a common service offered by professional dominants .
zentai fetishism appears to be quite popular in japan and europe .
it contains nightmarish imagery , including dismemberment , deformed people and animals , and sexual fetishism .
glove fetishism .
wet and messy fetishism made mainstream news when a teacher was disciplined for searching for wam related terms on a school computer .
spandex fetishism .
" justice weekly " also featured considerable erotically - oriented content particularly concerned with discipline and cross - dressing themes of particular interest to fetishism enthusiasts .
some people derive sexual pleasure from fetishism and/or bdsm .
behaviorism traced fetishism back to classical conditioning and came up with numerous specialized theories .
for example , a common subclass of panty fetishism are panties that show the exposed buttocks ( i.e. thongs and g - strings ) .
fetish culture is a term used to describe the lifestyle and arts relating to and influenced by the interest in sexual fetishism and paraphilias .
see boot fetishism .
in the opening scene in which bowden is in his bedroom during a stormy night , " the ever - encroaching camera and the lighting fetishize todd 's youthful body " , similar to the fetishism of the female body in films like " psycho " ( 1960 ) .
glasses fetishism .
some people involved in the fat acceptance movement argue that fat fetishism undermines social movements towards fat acceptance , through counter - productive objectification and dehumanization of fat people .
his behavior with women illustrates the themes of fetishism and consumption .
fetishism .
melville focuses intensely on those staples of the crime film , trench coats and hats , almost to the point of fetishism .
a wet and messy fetish ( wam ) is a form of sexual fetishism whereby a person becomes aroused when substances are deliberately and generously applied to the naked skin , or to the clothes people are wearing .
the reifying effects of universalised trade in commodities , involving a process marx calls " commodity fetishism , " mean that social relations become expressed as relations between things ; for example , price relations .
it is generally considered to be a sexy garment , and may be a component of sexual fetishism .
the movie was also shown at istanbul modern - the museum of modern art , as the opening movie of an interdisciplinary conference on fetishism .
drawing on the freudian concept of fetishism , british science fiction writer and socio - cultural commentator j. g. ballard commented that mae west , mansfield and monroe 's breasts " loomed across the horizon of popular consciousness . "
but for others , wearing black leather clothing is an erotic fashion that expresses heightened masculinity or the appropriation of sexual power ; love of motorcycles and independence ; and/or engagement in sexual kink or leather fetishism .
pain play -- bettie page -- pandora 's box ( bdsm ) -- " panic snap " -- pansexual -- parachute ( bdsm ) -- pat califia -- pearling -- pecker gag -- pegging -- penis gag -- perineal massage -- perv park -- perversion -- pervertible -- petticoat domination -- " the piano teacher " -- pillory -- play ( bdsm ) -- play partner ( bdsm ) -- play party ( bdsm ) -- play piercing -- polyamory -- ponyboy -- ponygirl -- posture collar -- power exchange ( bdsm ) -- " preaching to the perverted " -- predicament bondage -- prince albert piercing -- professional dominant -- professional submissive -- prostate massage -- prostatic massage -- prostate milking -- " psychopathia sexualis " -- punishment horse -- pvc fetishism
the young marx hence criticized man 's alienation , a concept which he later replaced by the critique of commodity fetishism . " vulgar marxism " has considered that the relation between the economical infrastructure and the ideological superstructure was an unicausal one , and thus believed in economic determinism .
some people take issue with the coercion which is sometimes involved in fat fetishism .
conspicuous consumption and commodity fetishism define his personality . "
expressions of fur fetishism and fursuiting are usually considered a form of costuming , rather than an expression of zoosexual interest and are usually legal .
" the society of the spectacle " is a critique of contemporary consumer culture and commodity fetishism .
pvc fetishism seems to have began in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
from voyeurism ( strip searches , group shower scenes , cat - fights ) to sexual fantasies ( lesbianism , rape , sexual slavery ) , to fetishism ( bondage , whipping , degradation ) , and outright sadism ( beatings , torture , cruelty ) .
fetishism is used as an excuse for a bit of titillatory semi - nudity , or to identify the villain – the man in black leather .
diaper fetishism .
the court system also appeals to people interested in various forms of costume and dress - up who are willing to lend their enthusiasm to the court 's culture of charitable fundraising including those involved with the leather fetishism and leather subcultures , members of the society for creative anachronism and similar historical reenactment hobbyists , various types of cosplay enthusiasts , and so on .
medical fetishism .
forster has been criticised for refraining from publishing details of dickinson 's sexual proclivities , including his foot fetishism and unrequited love for young men .
food play overlaps with other fetishes , including wet and messy fetishism , feederism , nyotaimori , and wakamezake .
thus , commodity fetishism ensures that neither side is fully conscious of the political and social positions they occupy .
it may extend from normal human sexuality into a type of sexual fetishism .
nam june paik and vostell were two figures of the fluxus movement and both developed a great fetishism for television and the culture of consumption .
rubber fetishism .
" the devil and commodity fetishism in south america " is both a polemic about anthropology and an analysis of a set of seemingly magical beliefs held by rural and urban workers in colombia and bolivia .
therefore , the ideology of a society is of most importance , because it confuses the alienated classes and so might create a false consciousness , such as commodity fetishism .
much of his work draws on the imagery of rubber fetishism and bdsm .
this was spoofed in " hot shots ! " see also wet and messy fetishism .
according to marx , the treatment of labor as a commodity led to people valuing things more in terms of their price rather than their usefulness ( see commodity fetishism ) , and hence to an expansion of the system of commodities .
( but were afraid to ask ) " -- excitement phase -- excretory duct of seminal gland -- executions -- exemplar -- exhibitionism -- exhibitionist -- exigency theory -- exocrine -- exogamy -- exogenous -- exoletus -- exophilia -- exorcist syndrome -- exoticism -- expiation -- extended family -- extended hookup -- extended orgasm -- external orifice of the uterus -- external spermatic fascia -- external urethral orifice ( male ) -- exteroceptive -- extramarital intercourse -- extravasate -- eyeglasses fetishism --
notably , the labor theory of value that had been worked upon by adam smith and david ricardo , was transformed into his characteristic " law of value " and used for the purpose of revealing how commodity fetishism obscures the reality of capitalist society .
john waters ' notorious " pink flamingos " ( 1972 ) , was wildly controversial ( being an exercise in " poor taste " ) featuring incest and coprophagia , became the best known of a group of campy midnight films focusing on sexual perversions and fetishism .
psychologists and medical practitioners regard fetishism as " normal variations of human sexuality " .
commodity fetishism is a specific " form " of reification .
chicago area project — chicago school — chicano — child labor — chronic disease — church — citizen — citizenship — civil disorder — civil religion — civil rights — civil society — clan — class — class conflict — class consciousness — class reproduction — class structure — classism — cognition — cohabitation — cold war — collective action — collective behavior — collective representation — collective violence — colonialism — commodity — commodity chain — commodity fetishism — commodity riots — communal riot — communication — communism — community — community empowerment — community care — comparable worth — comparative sociology — computational sociology — conflict theory — conflict methodology — conflict and mass communication — conflict theory — conformity — conglomerates — conscience collective — consciousness — consensus — consensus decision - making — content analysis — contingency work — contradiction — contradictory class locations — core countries — corporation — correlation — corruption - counter culture — counter - revolutionary — coup d'état — created environment — creole language — crime — crisis medicine — critical theory — crowd psychology — crude birth rate — crude death rate — cult — cultural capital — cultural deprivation — cultural imperialism — cultural lag — cultural materialism — cultural pluralism — cultural relativism — cultural reproduction — cultural superstructure — cultural system — cultural transmission — cultural universal — culture — culture of poverty — curative medicine — custodial care
" milk fetishism " and " lactophilia " are medical , diagnostic terms for paraphilias and are used for disorders according to the precise criteria of icd-10 and dsm - iv .
commodity and sexual fetishism .
the phenomenon appears to approach a cultural universal and may often accompany nature worship , animism , and fetishism , along with more formal or organized belief systems .
it is now often associated with cosplay , sexual roleplaying , and fetishism .
a spinoff of " voluptuous " which was originally called " voluptuous xl " dedicated to fat fetishism .
many people exhibit high levels of sexual fetishism , and are sexually stimulated by other stimuli not normally associated with sexual arousal .
fetishism played a significant role during this time .
at least one study indicated a possible link between selegiline and transvestic fetishism .
navel fetishism .
others demand that it be specified even more to prevent scientists from confusing it with the popular use of the term fetishism .
transvestic fetishism is having a sexual or erotic interest in cross - dressing .
these include spanking , bondage , dominance and submission , sadomasochism ( bdsm ) and sexual fetishism .
when sexual arousal is achieved by or dependent on the use of objects , it is referred to as sexual fetishism .
glove fetishism is a clothing fetish where an individual is obsessed and fixated by another or oneself wearing gloves on their hands .
theorists such as roland barthes and jean baudrillard merged traditional marxian ideas relating to capitalist exchange value ( e.g. commodity fetishism ) with such novel principles , bringing into attention the relationship between consumerism and the realm of the sign .
paraphilic infantilism or fetishism might be diagnosed , depending on the focus .
most marxists will argue that this view is an ideological illusion and the effect of commodity fetishism : the fact that people act selfishly is held to be a product of scarcity and capitalism , not an immutable human characteristic .
this is an extreme form of the fetishism of commodities in which the underlying source of surplus - value in exploitation of labour power is disguised .
the sexual content varies from masturbation , to lesbian sex , to fetishism , to bondage , to bestiality ( with birds , animals and insects ) .
poole also described the " lazy sci - fi fetishism " of joanna dark 's character design as " a blatant and doomed attempt to steal the thunder of lara croft , " and argued that she illustrated the challenges of injecting characterisation into the protagonists of first - person shooters , which " goldeneye " had avoided by using the already well - known character james bond .
their output has largely been concerned with diverse ( and frequently taboo ) topics such as fetishism , alcoholism , pornography , medical terminology ( in the vein of goregrind bands such as carcass ) and necrophilia and is of a nihilistic and absurdist nature .
often a pantyhose fetishist may also engage in stocking fetishism , the unique silky sheer aspect and allure of both items being the common denominator .
" smoke signals " , first published in 1993 , is an online magazine devoted to smoking fetishism .
before this album was released , however , in early 1994 sabbat recorded the fourth album " fetishism " and the cd was swiftly released by evil records .
symptoms are widely defined , including , for instance , phobias , fetishism , and depression .
over the course of a year he deals with issues relating to his health , his family , his search for love and his developing involvement with leather fetishism .
leather archives and museum -- leather culture -- leather fetishism -- leatherfolk -- leather pride flag -- leather subculture -- leg spreaders -- " le lien " -- lgbt -- lifestyle bdsm -- lifestyler ( bdsm ) -- lifestyle dominant -- s -- lifestyle submissive -- limits ( bdsm ) -- lotus tie -- low protocol
( see also breast fetishism . )
marx 's theory of commodity fetishism has proven fertile material for work by other theorists since marx , who have added to , adapted , or , as marxist orthodoxy might see it , ' vulgarized ' the original concept .
in the 19th-20th century , tylor and mclennan held that the concept of fetishism allowed historians of religion to shift attention from the relationship between people and god to the relationship between people and material objects .
armpit fetishism is a sexual fetish in which an individual is attracted to the human armpit .
footsie babes 4 " was nominated for best foot fetishism release at the 2008 avn awards , and " sugar candy " was nominated in the ' best all - girl release ' category at the 2009 avn awards .
" female fetishism : the case of george sand , " eight annual nineteenth century colloquium in french studies , university of massachusetts at amherst . october , 1982 ; colloquium on " women and signs , " july , 1983 , urbino , italy ; berkshire conference , june , 1984 .
furthermore , it must be noted that according to the icd , an addiction to specific parts or features of the human body and even " inanimate " parts of corpses , " under no circumstances " are fetishism , even though some of them may be forms of paraphilia .
homosexual men with shoe fetishism can be erotically interested in either men 's or women 's shoes .
a case of orthopedic fetishism .
panty fetishism .
the fact that the productive force of labour appears within capitalism as the productive force of capital was for marx an example of reification of the relations of production or of commodity fetishism .
relative prevalence of garment fetishism .
natural tastes for pomp and ceremony , and the sort of natural belief in mana and fetishism that seem common in unrevealed religions , and the natural man 's wish to have sacred places to pray in , and sacred objects that enable mortals to touch the divine , tempted people away from the truth of the absolute sovereignty , holiness , and otherness of god .
the strip , a satire of human sexual foibles , draws from themes generally alien to light comic fare , namely sex , fetishism , and sexual relationships .
thus , transvestic fetishism is not diagnosed unless it causes significant problems for the person concerned .
parallels have also been noted in the popularity of lesbianism in pornography , and yaoi has been called a form of " female fetishism " .
it is a story about symphorophilia or car - crash sexual fetishism : its protagonists become sexually aroused by staging and participating in real car - crashes .
the classical example of this would be a transsexual person who initially attributed cross - dressing behaviour to transvestic fetishism ( for transwomen ) or the utilitarian practicality of male clothing ( for transmen ) .
also , anything that can be used as an element of drama can exist in professional wrestling stories : romantic relationships ( including love triangles and marriage ) , racism , classism , nepotism , favoritism , corporate corruption , family bonds , personal histories , grudges , theft , cheating , assault , betrayal , bribery , seduction , stalking , confidence tricks , extortion , blackmail , substance abuse , self - doubt , self - sacrifice ; even kidnapping , pedophilia , sexual fetishism , misogyny , rape and death have been portrayed in wrestling .
after mckenzie turned 18 in 1996 , she made her north american modelling debut in the breast fetishism magazine " score " , which marked the occasion by making mckenzie the cover girl of its december 1996 " 50th anniversary " issue .
in addition , according to the folklore of people with this condition , this type of castigation is found in the history of some of those who later develop transvestic fetishism .
diaper fetishism , or diaperism , is a paraphilia in which a person feels a strong desire to wear or use diapers , usually without physiological necessity .
commodity form theory is related to marx 's theory of commodity fetishism .
transformation fetish is a context of sexual fetishism in which a person becomes sexually aroused by descriptions or depictions of transformations , usually the transformations of people into other beings or objects .
although he has published on medical anthropology , he is best known for his engagement with marx 's idea of commodity fetishism , especially in terms of the work of walter benjamin .
her sex therapy practice specializes in consensual bdsm , sexual fetishism and sexual dysfunction .
for example in some forms of christianity , which is a monotheistic religion , the holy cross and consecrated host are examples of fetishism .
to understand the origin of a fetish object and of fetishism , the infant ’s use of the transitional object and of transitional phenomena in general must be studied ( winnicott , 1953 ) .
" une femme mariée " is also structured around marx 's concept of " commodity fetishism " .
the concept is related to , but is distinct from , marx 's theories of alienation and commodity fetishism .
a subgroup of the pvc fetishism is clear pvc clothing such as clear plastic raincoats , slipcovers , and custom clothing made out of clear pvc .
essentially , fetishism is the attribution of inherent value or powers to an object .
" splosh ! " is a british fetish magazine devoted to wet and messy fetishism .
recognizing porter as one of the earliest and most prolific practitioners of found poetry ' , peter frank ( in his book on something else press ) has written : " porter is to the poem what [ marcel ] duchamp was to the art object , a debunker of handiwork fetishism and exemplary artist - as - intercessor between phenomenon and receptor .
the content of their songs and image is campy , americana , sexual fetishism , humor , and retro horror / sci - fi b - movie clichés .
hence the great importance of the ideology justifying a society ; it politically confuses the alienated groups of society via false consciousness , such as in the case of commodity fetishism — the belief that value is inherent to a commodity , rather than external , added to it via labor .
richard docter referred to this as " primary transsexualism , " but described it the same way : " this category describes individuals who have presented a lifelong history of gender dysphoria , a history of cross - gender identity , and an absence of fetishism associated with cross - dressing .
today the magazine is best known for the readers ' letters about sexual fetishism .
commodity fetishism .
foot fetishism , foot partialism , foot worship , or podophilia is a pronounced sexual interest in feet .
but this version of commodity fetishism refers to more — the belief that the car ( or any manufactured object ) is more important than people , and confers special powers beyond material utility to those who possess it " ( see also conspicuous consumption ) " .
sex and sexual abasement , as well as degradation , masochistic fetishism and paraphilia are recurring subjects .
although " do n’t get too comfortable " is partly about food fetishism , rakoff has called himself a “ foodie ” and eagerly awaits the publication of the food edition of the " new york times " .
graphic violence and sexuality , including fetishism and domination , are frequently depicted .
john sutcliffe ( died 1987 ) was a british fashion designer and fetish photographer , famous in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s as a designer of clothes for aficionados of leather , rubber and pvc fetishism , with an emphasis on rubber and leather catsuits , cloaks , and gasmasks .
occurence of transvestic fetishism is uncorrelated to occurence of gender identity disorder .
foot fetishism .
other men wear bras for cross - dressing , for sexual purposes such as transvestic fetishism or feminization , or as a form of submission to their partner .
armpit fetishism .
it is related to wet and messy fetishism , bukkake , omorashi , mysophilia , urolagnia and coprophilia , but extends to other areas such a forcing the partner to wear torn or poorly fitting clothing and other actions which would render them normally unattractive .
her recent videos for the cinemagic company are in their popular " mourning " series which feature a " beautiful woman wearing ... solemn mourning [ attire ] with a mouth - gag " , and " [ fetishism ] and eroticism with a mourning - clad woman tied up with hemp ropes " .
the situationists were more influenced by hegel ; guy debord , in particular , moved a marxist analysis of commodity fetishism to the realm of consumption , and looked at the relation between consumerism and dominant ideology formation .
consensual adult activities and adult entertainment that may involve some aspects of sexual roleplay , novel , superficial , or trivial aspects of sexual fetishism , or may incorporate the use of sex toys are not necessarily paraphilic .
for libertarian socialists , " [ t]o demonise state authoritarianism while ignoring identical albeit contract - consecrated subservient arrangements in the large - scale corporations which control the world economy is fetishism at its worst . "
over the past decades , various case studies have been published in which fetishism could successfully be linked to emotional problems .
uniform fetishism is a clothing fetish where an individual is obsessed and fixated by another or oneself wearing an uniform .
most initially elected to wear them only beneath their bluejeans or dress trousers , fearing ridicule based on misplaced misconceptions about cross dressing , fetishism or homosexuality .
smoking fetishism ( also known as capnolagnia ) is a sexual fetish based on the sight or image of a person smoking .
smoking fetishism .
footwear is sometimes associated with fetishism , particularly in some fashions in shoes , including boots .
voyeurism / exhibitionism / sadomasochism and fetishism are certainly present in dpws , but far from the forefront and not to the exclusion of a very broad range of other , and predominant , motivations .
sociologically , modernity aimed towards " a progressive force promising to liberate humankind from ignorance and irrationality " ( rosenau 1992 , 5 ) , yet theodor adorno and zygmunt bauman proposed that modernity commonly represents departure from the central tenets of the enlightenment , and towards nefarious processes of alienation , such as commodity fetishism and the holocaust ( adorno 1973 ; bauman 1989 ) .
in marx 's day , the word was primarily used in the study of primitive religions ; marx 's " fetishism of commodities " might be seen as proposing that just such primitive belief systems exist at the heart of modern society .
the yi are animists , with elements of daoism , shamanism and fetishism .
he studied with sigmund freud from 1895 to 1904 with a concentration in homosexuality and fetishism and coined the term " sadomasochismus " ( sadomasochism ) in 1913 .
in comte 's theory of the evolution of religion , he proposed that fetishism is the earliest ( most primitive ) stage , followed by the stages of polytheism and monotheism .
in midewiwin , the medicine bag is used to store items of fetishism .
he studied sexual behavior , coining the term erotic fetishism to describe individuals whose sexual interests in nonhuman objects , such as articles of clothing .
outside of japan , omorashi groups usually refer to their shared interest as " desperation " fetishism , often making a distinction between content featuring males and females .
marx compares this fetishism to the manufacturing of religious belief : people initially create a deity to fulfill whatever desire or need they have in present circumstances , but then these products of the human brain appear as autonomous figures endowed with a life of their own and enter into a relations both with each other and with the human race.(165 )
the material world is , generally , portrayed as having become immersed in commercialism , materialism , fetishism of science , and trendy postmodernist - chic .
amputee fetishism has been described as a form of abuse levelled at the relative vulnerability and dependence of disabled women .
various neurologists pointed out that fetishism could be the result of neuronal cross links between neighboring regions in the human brain .
" a case of orthopedic fetishism " is the 1991 release from german industrial and noise group genocide organ .
the leather archives & museum is a library , museum and archives pertaining to leather , fetishism , sadomasochism , and alternative sexual practices .
it describes aspects of sexual role play and fetishism .
susan wayland ( born june 23 , 1980 in leipzig , germany ) is a german fashion model focused in adult photography , especially in the area of latex fetishism .
fat fetishism .
navels can be the focus of sexual fetishism , especially among men .
in " fixer chao " , han ong explores several themes including the concept of the model minority , fetishism , empire , queerness , orientalism , and identity politics .
this is commodity fetishism .
according to the dsm - iv , this fetishism has been described only in men and , more specifically , only in men sexually attracted to women ( i.e. , otherwise straight or bisexual men ) .
cohen 's series of influential papers culminated in his book , " if you 're an egalitarian , how come you 're so rich ? " cohen 's criticisms are leveled against rawls 's avowal of inequality under the difference principle , against his application of the principle only to social institutions , and against rawlsian fetishism with primary goods ( again , the metric which rawls chooses as his currency of equality ) .
some authors from the usa say that the female breast is the american fetish - object of choice , and that breast fetishism is predominantly found in the usa .
his most famous book was the worm and the bud , which was about victorian orgies , prostitution and fetishism .
this , for kovel , reverses what marxists see as the commodity fetishism and atomization of individuals ( through the “ unappeasable craving ” for “ having and excluding others from having ” ) under capitalism .
the fetishism of the commodity and its secret .
marx says this leads to the reification ( thingification or " verdinglichung " ) of economic relations , of which commodity fetishism is a prime example .
moreover , marx notes that markets tend to obscure the social relationships and processes of production , a phenomenon he termed commodity fetishism .
total enclosure fetishism .
the film lacked the fetishism and objectification of the female body as seen in much male - oriented pornography .
themes of incest and breast expansion fetishism are also common in hindenburg 's work .
this was an attempt to provide a diagnostic category for a gender identity disorders ; the others included were " 302.3 transvestism " and " 302.8 fetishism " .
the corresponding dsm - code for fetishism is 302.81 ; the diagnostic criteria are basically the same as those of the icd .
glasses fetishism in anime , especially on female characters , is called " meganekko .
in most subsequent marxist thought , " commodity fetishism " is defined as an illusion arising from the central role that private property plays in capitalism 's social processes .
marx described this loss as commodity fetishism , in which the things that people produce , commodities , appear to have a life and movement of their own to which humans and their behavior merely adapt .
he claimed that individualism was an essence the result of commodity fetishism or alienation .
objectification and sexual fetishism .
hand fetishism .
while neo - marxists and others have treated " commodity fetishism " as a signal of oppression , repression , and delusion , he uses goods to understand , in a more comprehensive way , just what makes production happen and how artifacts reveal larger social and cultural forces .
pygophilia or buttocks fetishism is sexual arousal or excitement caused by seeing , playing with or touching the buttocks .
for example , according to this theory , imprinting on shoes or boots ( as with konrad lorenz ' geese ) would be the cause of shoe fetishism .
sexual variations may include among other things incest play , in which individuals recreate and sexualize roles within a family , and daddy 's girl fetishism in which real or imagined age differences are the basis of the roleplaying and the female is portrayed as the younger partner .
often the choice is guided by convenience ( e.g. availability ) or fitting into role play , such as objects associated with various professions or fetishism .
" female fetishism : the case of george sand " . " poetics today " , 1985 , 6 : 301 - 310 . reprinted in suleiman , susan .
neurologist vilayanur s. ramachandran proposed that foot fetishism is caused by the feet and the genitals occupying adjacent areas of the somatosensory cortex , possibly entailing some neural crosstalk between the two .
in that work , he describes what today would be referred to as " transvestic fetishism " ( or " erotic cross - dressing " ) and " transsexualism . "
la petite mort -- labia ( genitalia ) -- labia majora -- labia minora -- labia minora reduction -- labia piercing -- labia reduction -- labia stretching -- labiocrural fold -- labium ( genitalia ) -- lacing -- lactation -- lactational amenorrhea method -- lactiferous duct -- lactogenic hormone -- lactophilia -- " lady chatterley 's lover " -- ladyboy -- lagnolalia -- lap dancing -- laparoscopic surgery -- laparotomy -- latex -- latex clothing -- latin american marriage customs -- lavender marriage -- lea 's shield -- leapfrog sex position -- leather culture -- leather fetishism -- left - handed marriage -- leg spreader -- legalized prostitution -- legbrace fascination -- lena ( sexology ) -- leno ( sexology ) -- lent challenge -- leopold von sacher - masoch -- leptosadism -- lesbian -- lesbian bed death -- lesbianism -- lesbian utopia -- simon levay -- levirate marriage -- leydig cell -- lgbt -- lgv -- lhrh -- libidinal bond -- libido -- lichen sclerosus et atrophicus -- lie back and think of england -- life partner -- limbic system -- limerence -- line marriage -- linea nigra -- lingam -- lipstick fetish -- lipstick lesbian -- list of japanese sex terms -- list of phobias -- list of sex positions -- list of transgender - related topics -- live - in relationship -- lobules of testis -- lochia -- lock and key party -- loli - con -- lolita complex -- long - distance relationship -- loop electrical excision procedure -- lordosis -- lordosis behavior -- lorum -- losing your virginity -- loss of virginity -- lot lizard -- lothario -- love -- love at first sight -- love addiction -- love and marriage -- love egg -- love hotel -- love map -- love pillow -- love potion -- love slave -- love - bite -- love - shyness -- loveblot -- lovemaking -- lovemap -- lovemap displacement -- lovemap inclusion -- lover -- lovesickness -- loving female authority -- " loving v. virginia " -- lubricant -- lucky pierre -- lues -- lust -- lust murder -- luteinizing hormone -- lymphogranuloma venereum -- lysistrata --
conspicuous consumption and commodity fetishism define his personality . "
preferences in diaper fetishism .
tickling fetishism .
the magazine hosts this ball for fetish - related wear and people into fetishism and bdsm in general .
plastic clothing has also become the subject of fetishistic interest , in a similar way to rubber clothing ; see pvc and rubber fetishism .
the magazine specialized in leather , rubber and pvc fetishism , with a heavy emphasis on rubber and leather catsuits , cloaks , and gasmasks .
medical fetishism refers to a collection of sexual fetishes for objects , practices , environments , and situations of a medical or clinical nature .
she has characterized the efforts of patients waiting for an organ transplant to save their lives through purchasing a replacement organ from a volunteer as just " a new form of commodity fetishism . "
the letters covered interests such as high heels , bondage , amputee fetishism , sadomasochism , transvestism , corsets and body modification .
gravity 's rainbow " describes many varieties of sexual fetishism ( including sado - masochism , coprophilia and a borderline case of tentacle rape ) , and features numerous episodes of drug use , most notably marijuana but also cocaine , naturally occurring hallucinogens , and the mushroom " amanita muscaria . "
even those orientations that are potential forms of fetishism are usually considered unobjectionable as long as all people involved feel comfortable .
this includes organizing labor , which is a “ reconfiguring of the use - value of labor power ” ; forming cooperatives , allowing “ a relatively free association of labor ” ; forming localised currencies , which he sees as “ undercutting the value - basis of money ” ; and supporting “ radical media ” that , in his eyes , involve an “ undoing of the fetishism of commodities ” .
in medical terms , transvestic fetishism is differentiated from cross - dressing by use of the separate codes 302.3 in the dsm and f65.1 in the icd .
they also rated higher on a test of general fetishism .
similarly to western erotica , the japanese version may also portray various sexual fetishes such as foot fetishism , or a focus on a certain type of clothing such as uniforms or costumes as anime , manga or video game characters . "
in particular , darwin argues that even moral and social instincts are evolved , comparing religion in man to fetishism in " savages " and his dog 's inability to tell whether a wind - blown parasol was alive or not .
his obviously intense visual relationship with his subject and his contentment to look , with a clinical waxy fetishism , at mademoiselle rivière 's full lips , bared neck , long gloves and spectacularly serpentine boa , lend this picture drama . "
an important academic work on lingerie and silk / satin fetishism is valerie steele 's ' fashion and eroticism : ideals of feminine beauty from the victorian era to the jazz age ' ( oxford university press , new york , 1985 isbn 0 - 19 - 503530 - 5 ) , which explores the psychosexual appeal of silk , satin , and women 's underwear in several chapters .
breast fetishism .
sexual fetishism .
fetishism , although less abundant in occurrence in the female psyche , or of a different nature , is not the monopoly of men .
silk / satin fetishism is a sexual fetish relating to garments or other articles made of silk or satin fabric .
alfred binet suspected fetishism was the pathological result of " associations " .
mass media and commodity fetishism .
in 1969 , cardinal ursi of naples decided that such devotion had degenerated into fetishism and ordered the cemetery to be closed .
nose fetishism ( or nasophilia ) is the sex fetish ( or paraphilia ) for the nose .
human fetishism can also be traced back to similar or near - identical conditioning : likewise based upon the pavlovian association between an erotic sensation or anticipation , and objects which become mentally associated with that activity .
marx described it in his theory of commodity fetishism , which lukács completed with his concept of reification : alienation is what follows the worker 's estrangement to the world following the new life acquired by the product of his work .
mask fetishism is a desire to see a subject wearing a mask or taking off a mask .
pregnancy fetishism .
the codes f64.1 ( dual - role transvestism ) , f64.2 ( gender identity disorder of childhood ) , f65.0 ( fetishism ) , f65.1 ( fetishistic transvestism ) , f65.5 ( sadomasochism ) , f65.6 ( multiple disorders of sexual preference ) are not used in sweden since 1 january 2009 according to a decision by the present director general of the national board of health and welfare , sweden .
right after " fetishism " they released the first part of the anniversary album entitled " black up your soul " featuring elizaveat as a special guest .
he wrote in an article for " prospect " magazine that his campaign against " crash " was motivated by the fear that " cronenberg 's film might well have a " copycat effect " on a few unstable individuals " and could " also have a far more insidious longterm effect by eroticising sado - masochism and orthopaedic fetishism for people previously unaware of being turned on by acts of mutilation . "
. marquis is very closely specialised on latex and pvc fetishism and related topics such as sexy girls in catsuits , advanced designs in bondage wear and other related fantasy scenarios .
blood fetishism .
over the years , sinclair has appeared in dozens tickling fetishism videos .
economism does not seem to permit any escape from the " inevitable " impacts of " free market " dynamics : there is no viable escape route other than submission to a system of valuation , pricing , and open bidding , which are exactly those systems that karl marx claimed led to a systematic oppression through his critique of commodity fetishism , and joseph schumpeter argued would cause free market systems to lose public support .
nose fetishism ( or nasophilia ) is the sexual fetish ( or paraphilia ) for the nose .
homeovestism is a concept identified by george zavitzianos and further developed by louise kaplan , to refer to the arousal of a person by wearing clothing appropriate to his or her gender , in comparison with the more widely recognized practices of transvestic fetishism , in which one is aroused by wearing clothing appropriate to the opposite gender .
darwin 's frequent pairing of " belief in god " and religion with topics on superstitions and fetishism throughout the book can also be interpreted as indicating how much truth he assigned to the former .
in other writings she developed the concept of female fetishism , in her many writings on the work of george sand ; she examined the question of idealism , also in relation to sand , and in her late writings and research revisited the concept of universalism in an era of identity politics and difference .
stocking fetishism .
but for others , wearing black leather clothing is an erotic fashion that expresses heightened masculinity or the appropriation of sexual power ; love of motorcycles and independence ; and engagement in sexual kink or leather fetishism .
bluf ( fetishism ) .
doll fetishism is a sexual fetish in which an individual is attracted to dolls and doll like objects such as figurines .
according to the dsm - iv - tr , fetishism is the use of nonliving objects as a stimulus to achieve sexual arousal or satisfaction .
sexual fetishism may be regarded , e.g. in psychiatric medicine , as a disorder of sexual preference or as an enhancing element to a relationship causing a better sexual bond between the partners .
by its enthusiasts , robot fetishism is more commonly referred to by the initials asfr .
marx calls this fetishism - the process whereby the society that originally generated an idea eventually , through the distance of time , forgets that the idea is actually a social and therefore all - too - human product .
johnny jaan ( born 1957 ) is a professional photographer specializing in portraiture and foot fetishism .
fetishism .
shoe fetishism is the attribution of attractive sexual qualities to shoes or other footwear as a matter of sexual preference , psychosexual disorder , and an alternative or complement to a relationship with a partner .
instead , it focuses on one form of fetishism at a time and the patients ' individual problems .
feminists have argued that examples of breast fetishism have been found going back to the neolithic era , with the goddess shrines of catal huyuk ( in modern turkey ) .
under a strict construction of the meaning of asceticism , it is an error to assume that its history may be extended to embrace also certain rites in vogue among devotees to fetishism and nature worship .
being gunged or slimed can fall under the category of wet and messy fetishism if someone decides to do it on a regular basis .
