fernando botero angulo ( born april 19,1932 ) is a colombian figurative artist , self - titled " the most colombian of colombian artists " early on , coming to prominence when he won the first prize at the salón de artistas colombianos in 1958 .
glas " has a figurative meaning of " fresh , raw , sharp " ( in regard to weather ) and " harsh " ( morally ) ; it also applies to complexion ( " wan " ) or the discoloration of a corpse as " bluish , livid . "
founded in 1976 by elisabeth gordon chandler as a figurative art academy for the teaching of sculpture , drawing , illustration and painting , the lyme academy college of fine arts is a unique school dedicated to the fine arts offering a bachelor of fine arts degree in the disciplines of painting and sculpture .
its cultivated content and its destination for an aristocratic patron are underscored by the artist 's explicit use of a great figurative source of the past : michelangelo 's " ignudi " from the sistine ceiling .
from 1593 until 1640 , organization of the urbanistic , architectural and figurative elements was carried out in the elevated zone .
he got to the “ ecole des beaux - arts ” of paris where he first worked on figurative painting .
crucially , they introduced to europe tin - glazing to give a white background , which was developed in the italian renaissance in highly decorated italian maiolica , which adapted compositions from painting and other media to produce figurative scenes in decorated surrounds that can be of superb quality .
in 2000 - a solo show , ' quiet space ' , at the prestigious china club in hong kong , saw a temporary departure from dance as it consisted solely of very still figurative pieces .
the sailor ’s hands are also a summation of figurative hands .
he continued to be commissioned for figurative sport pieces for magazines , notably the evening standard , who asked him to illustrate the wimbledon tennis championships ( the championships , wimbledon ) for the cover of their lifestyle glossy , the es magazine , as well as large corporate companies such as british petroleum ( bp ) and british telecom ( bt ) .
in 1940 , he married the former lillyan estelle jacobs of des moines , a potter , sculptor and figurative painter whom he had met at stone city .
early works of his career are mainly figurative realistic compositions .
note that despite the taboo of figurative visualization , some muslim countries did cultivate a rich tradition in painting , though not in its own right , but as a companion to the written word .
in the environmentally oriented sculpture " things that come from the heart"(2000 ) , figurative elements like the birds and the cactus are born out of minimalist cut - outs of human figures in basic light colors standing in a row , repeating and echoing each anther .
upon taking his advice , françois guille who was not yet called archiguille met with professor lemagny ( fine arts academy ) and refined his painting techniques under his tutelage for about two years learning to perfect his craft giving emphasis on drawings of nature and landscapes in the figurative style .
these signs include unknown literal signs and unknown figurative signs .
historian øystein sørensen has described meyer 's later life as " vagrant " , in the figurative sense .
he uses sculpture , drawing , assemblage , painting and ceramics in abstract and figurative arrangements .
created by goodman ace for cbs radio , it blended history with modern technology , taking an entire network newsroom on a figurative time warp each week reporting the great events of the past .
the monumentality of the figures , typical of raphael 's activity during this period , dominates the other figurative elements .
the bay area figurative movement of whom david park , elmer bischoff , nathan oliveira and richard diebenkorn whose painting " cityscape 1 , " 1963 is a typical example ( see above ) were influential members flourished during the 1950s and 1960s in california .
in 2004 he exhibited the aerosol pointillist series , which lead to the development of the drip paintings – urban and figurative representations constructed of individual blobs of dripping paint .
since " ephraim " was a specific tribe of israel , careful contextual analysis should be used when distinguishing the differences in tribal and figurative kingdom identifications within the tanakh , especially since the prophets used the terms " ephraim " , " joseph " , and " israel " interchangeably , speaking of the same entity , the northern kingdom of israel , the house of israel , or the house of joseph .
his work from the wwii and the post - war period mainly included figurative paintings , while his modern work involved abstract expressionism .
" an iconography of recent figurative painting : sex , death , violence and the apocalypse , " " artforum " , summer 1982 .
as a painter of " contemporary figurative paintings " and portraits , mainly in oils , he is a member of both the royal birmingham society of artists ( appointed as an associate member in 2004 , and full member in 2005 ) and the royal society of portrait painters ( from 2007 ) , exhibiting at a number of british art galleries .
it is in the figurative capitals that the greatest originality is shown .
therefore she now concentrated on new realms of figurative porcelain , oil - pastels and oil paintings .
her naive , folkish style is figurative and often depicts harmonious communities in extensive , sometimes assaulted cityscapes .
einar hákonarson is an expressionistic and figurative painter who by some is considered to have brought the figure back into icelandic painting .
flanders was a puritan so his friends nicknamed him moll after moll flanders in recognition of his moral qualities , and he suggested to call the new mathematical concept a " mollifier " as a pun incorporating both flanders ' nickname and the verb ' to mollify ' , meaning ' to smooth over ' in a figurative sense .
one of the figurative gestures for which he is most famous ( and which is among the most difficult to translate ) is " īhām " or artful punning .
baumeister took part in his first exhibition in 1910 , showing figurative works inspired by impressionism .
usually , his lyrics contain natural emotions and expressions , catchy symbols and outstanding figurative language .
along with his friends de kooning and john d. graham gorky created bio - morphically shaped and abstracted figurative compositions that by the 1940s evolved into totally abstract paintings .
he is a contemporary figurative realism representative .
this group of local artists were diverse in style but shared a love for figurative art , making the group distinct from the better known st ives art community in cornwall , who , after the war , were chiefly dominated by abstractionists .
she was celebrated in her time by many of her peers , including her husband who once wrote in a letter to margaret " remember , you are half if not three - quarters of all my architectural ... " ; and reportedly " margaret has genius , i have only talent . " it is not known exactly which of charles rennie mackintosh 's works margaret was involved with ( or the extent to which she worked on them ) but she is credited with being an important part of her husband 's figurative , symbolic interior designs .
the diminution is often figurative : an operetta is similar to an opera , but dealing with less serious topics .
park , along with richard diebenkorn and elmer bischoff , broke away from the philosophy of painting promoted by clyfford still , who taught at the institute , forming what would later be called the bay area figurative movement .
she is referred to as " a comanche princess , " but as the comanche did not have royalty this is a figurative term , like " .
michonze is primarily known as a landscape and figurative artist .
this comprised a rival group of figurative modernists who were still trying to control the contemporary art society , including arthur boyd , john perceval , charles blackman and robert dickerson .
the bay area figurative movement of whom david park , elmer bischoff , nathan oliveira and richard diebenkorn whose painting " cityscape 1 , " 1963 is a typical example ( see above ) were influential members flourished during the 1950s and 1960s in california .
it is the oldest undisputed example of upper paleolithic art and figurative prehistoric art in general .
a superb figurative artist in the mystical tradition , spare may be regarded as one of the last english symbolists , following closely his great influence george frederick watts .
" the second figurative use refers to " a person who shows or has shown great vigor , courage , or aggressiveness , as in politics or athletics . "
he clashed with the metro 's first art director , robert lapalme , who insisted that metro art be figurative , represent montreal history , and be sponsored .
evolutionary skeptics , creationist leaders and skeptical scientists were usually either willing to adopt a figurative reading of the first chapter of genesis , or allowed that the six days of creation were not necessarily 24-hour days .
important early group exhibitions include the antipodeansthe exhibition for which bernard smith drafted a manifesto in support of australain figurative painting , an exhibition in which arthur boyd , david boyd , john brack , robert dickerson , john perceval and charles blackman showed , a joint exhibition with barry humphries , in which the two responded to dadaism , and the group of four : pugh , john howley , don laycock , and laurie daws .
apart from the mosaics , a large number of figurative decorations were added during the second half of the ninth century : an image of christ in the central dome ; orthodox saints , prophets and church fathers in the tympana below ; historical figures connected with this church , such as patriarch ignatius ; some scenes from the gospel in the galleries .
in the 1930s , driggs left her precisionist works for more " whimsical watercolors and figurative paintings as well as murals for the wpa " driggs married painter lee gatch and eventually found herself in lambertville , new jersey , dedicating her efforts to gatch 's career .
in september , thomson criticised the tate gallery for not representing enough figurative painters , among whom he listed vine , and said she should have been a turner prize nominee for her show at modern art oxford .
hugo debaere is related to the freedom of figurative sculptures known motifs looking like a giant breast , a cigarette - smoking squatting figure , a crushed foam elephant , a tire - snake or the ' nose of africa . "
the artist began his career as a figurative artist .
manuel neri ( born april 12 , 1930 ) is an american sculptor , painter , and printmaker and a notable member of the " second generation " of the bay area figurative movement .
the scene is " the figurative and literal turning point in the film " .
his most recent solo show ( additional information , belfast december 2006 ) studied the balance between form and content by drawing parallels between the arts and sciences , in which figurative oil paintings were over laid with mathematical equations .
russ warren ( american , b. 1951 ) is a contemporary figurative painter who has exhibited extensively throughout the u.s. and abroad , notably in the 1981 whitney biennial and the 1984 venice biennale .
some elements often present in fela 's music are the call - and - response within the chorus and figurative but simple lyrics .
this is the only such depiction of troilus ' death in early figurative art .
van der leck , on the other hand , went back to figurative compositions after his departure from the group .
he is a self - taught figurative painter of the school of paris who uses a modern form of pointillism .
" the new partridge dictionary of slang and unconventional english " defines ' pub crawl ' as both a noun and a verb , with the noun ( dating from 1915 ) being defined as " a drinking session that moves from one licensed premises to the next , and so on " , and the verb ( 1937 ) meaning " to move in a group from one drinking establishment to the next , drinking at each . " the term is a combination of " pub ( a public house , licensed for the sale of alcohol ) and a less - and - less figurative sense of " crawl " .
while motor function determines expression in the techniques and language of all anthropoids , reflection determines graphism in the figurative language of the most recent anthropoids .
the fragments series of dis - figurative work is dedicated to the survivors of landmines , and the re - think collection is dedicated to the promotion of human rights .
her father is a polish figurative painter currently based in london .
somji makes figurative exposition in a style of abstract expressionism .
again , many saw her work as ahead of its time as she created these figurative images .
as dennis says , " in the figurative hawaiian , this breeze is actually the breath of one who i admire , carried by the wind .
pointing out that the persons were supernatural or heroic , dryden linked his work with the genre we would call romance : " the subject , therefore , being extended beyond the limits of human nature , admits of that sort of marvelous and surprising conduct , which is rejected in other plays ... it would follow of necessity , that the expressions should be lofty , figurative , and majestical . "
decorative features such as shell inlays , as well as ornate stylized or figurative carvings , may occasionally be seen .
figurative use .
during the early 1950s dubuffet ( who was always a figurative artist ) , and de staël , abandoned abstraction , and returned to imagery via figuration and landscape .
emily patrick ( born october 4 , 1959 ) is an english figurative painter .
• ralph eugene meatyard : the family album of lucybelle crater and other figurative photographs(d.a.p. , 2002 ) 125 pages .
figurative , landscape , still - life , and realism .
his designs for the vault decoration around the painting , with elaborate white and gilt stucco work incorporating figurative , geometrical and naturalistic elements , were carried out by cosimo fancelli and ercole ferrata .
as artists attempted to synthesize these theories in practice , the attention on the artwork as an allegorical or figurative vehicle was emphasized .
the word " cheburashka " is also used in a figurative sense to name objects that somehow resemble the creature ( such as an an-72 aircraft which , when seen from the front , resembles the character 's head ) or are just as nice as it is ( e.g. a colloquial name for a small bottle of lemonade – from brand name " cheburashka " ) .
for instance , paul 's letter to the romans indicates not a literal , but a figurative , application of the concept ( romans , new international version ) : " ( 12 ) the night is nearly over ; the day is almost here .
the above meanings are the literal meanings but they all can have figurative , idiomatic meanings .
in 1946 he came to new york and produced several figurative paintings processing his wartime memories .
the artists revived figurative art and symbolism .
" a laundry list , in the figurative sense , arose in 1958 and the term , launder , in the criminal banking sense was introduced in 1961 .
her 1976 work " clouds over lake michigan " is a figurative depiction of the lake michigan watershed and is on display at the chicago board options exchange building .
tunstall was the latter home to the independent frink school of figurative sculpture , which occupied a fine old factory ( and former old court ) in roundwell street for a number of years until about 2004 .
the forms of government usually adopted in western societies , as a part of a wider , nowadays ruling social - economical liberal capitalist structure , are multi - party parliamentary or presidential ( also ' congressional ' ) systems , frequently referred to as " figurative " democracy , which favors some sort of majority consensus when coming to adopt collective decisions .
we move from darkness to light in both figurative and literal ways .
but miler wanted his mole to be understood everywhere in the world so he decided to use his daughters as voice actors , reducing the speech to short non - figurative exclamations in order to express the mole 's feelings and world perception .
it is figurative in the sense that in each sculpture its shape and form can be clearly seen ; we see what is represented .
but stylistic doubts were published only a few months later by d. opitz who noted the " absolutely unique " nature of the owls with no comparables in all of babylonian figurative artefacts .
juana lumerman ( 1905–1982 , buenos aires , argentina ) was a visual artist who painted in both figurative and abstract styles .
he paints in an abstract figurative style that borders on abstract expressionism .
his paintings of 1921 - 22 are experiments in impersonal , unemotional tonalism , and from the 1930s he turned to a more recognisably figurative style of work generally influenced by cubism .
these two compositions were written by the composer during the period from the end of 1812 until 1817 , during which time beethoven , ailing and overcome by all sorts of difficulties , experienced a period of literal and figurative silence as his deafness became overwhelmingly profound and his productivity diminished .
in 1969 , krushenick gave up his soft brush abstract expressionist technique for bolder colours and lines similar to illustration , yet maintaining use of abstract figurative forms .
in 2006 , the college added a graduate program leading to a master of fine arts in painting with an emphasis on representational and figurative art , the only one of its kind in the western u.s. satellite mfa facilities , and mentors who are practicing artists and teachers , are in nearby los angeles .
schneemann took the ideas found in her figurative abstract paintings of the 1950s , where she cut and destroyed layers of paint from their surfaces , and transferred them to her photographic work " eye body " .
grace graupe - pillard fabricated the nine fiberglass planets with painted steel figurative attachments , as a metaphor for the celebration of the individual and his / her connection to the world .
although sculpture is not a formal major , lcad is unique in being one of only a handful of colleges that offer a substantial array of classes in figurative sculpture .
the city is famous , among other things for mestre vitalino 's clay mini - sculptures inserted in alto do moura ( moura highhill ) recognized by unesco as the largest center for figurative arts in the americas ; to have one of the biggest textile sector of the interior of brazil ; and to have one of the biggest saint john 's festivals ( sao joão ) together with recife and campina grande of brazil .
others include any geometric design including large pieces , as in the picture from spoleto ( right side ) below , whereas " opus sectile " also includes figurative designs made in the same technique .
boris stepanovich zhitkov , ( ) ( 1882 — 1938 ) was russian children 's author , his works included numerous books in which he , in a figurative form , described various professions .
this wall is made of found and recycled everyday objects , and comprises a mixture of abstract and figurative forms , including a king kong - sized gorilla , a pigmy elephant and a giant pair of welcoming hands .
borlase started as a figurative painter before moving to abstract impressionism .
he revived an interest in figurative art , at first experimenting with still - abstracted forms that relied on color for their impact , dynamics and warmth .
this shaped lent itself to a wide variety of superficial treatments , sometimes foliate in imitation of the source , but often figurative .
these works were described to " didactically demonstrate structural and figurative change in material and appearance . "
armstrong played a figurative role in the sit - ins , on one occasion calmly demanding service of a bigoted restaurant owner , who was angrily wielding a meat cleaver in his restaurant kitchen .
and in the opening of his ode to a nightingale keats communicates concretely , by a combination of literal and figurative language , how it felt to experience the full - throated song of the nightingale .
she achieved prominence with a style of figurative painting that combined bright color , sometimes cartoonish drawing , and personal symbolism .
members were interested in european medieval art and primitivism , as well as the contemporary , non - figurative art scene in france .
a figurative painter of landscapes , he had exhibitions starting in 1930 .
mansooreh is known for having produced works in both figurative and abstract styles .
at the beginning of the 20th century , the ambition of the great painters was to make paintings that were like music , which was then considered as the noblest art because it was abstract , not figurative .
he had three major periods in his artistic life : figurative , materic and geometric .
nida and venuti have proved that translation studies is a much more complex discipline than may first appear , with the translator having to look beyond the text itself to deconstruct on an intra - textual level and decode on a referential level — assessing culture - specific items , idiom and figurative language to achieve an understanding of the source text and embark upon creating a translation which not only transfers what words mean in a given context , but also recreates the impact of the original text within the limits of the translator 's own language system ( linked to this topic : george steiner , the hermeneutic motion , pragmatics , field , tenor , mode and the locutionary , illocutionary and perlocutionary ) .
there is also a strong element of humour , iconoclasm and irony in his work , from their titles , such as " art ca n't fart ( for rose selavay ) " , " four wise men looking for god in abstract art " , " dr fu manchu 's death by gyro " or " ship of fools ( hello sailor ! ) " to comic and grotesque figurative elements and their sometimes lurid but highly resolved colour schemes .
synonyms for grinding include the figurative terms treadmilling ( a comparison with exercise treadmills ) and pushing the bar ( a reference to skinner boxes in which animals , having learned that pushing a bar will sometimes produce a treat , will devote time to pushing the bar over and over again ) .
the group was founded at the san francisco art institute in the late 1940s by two members of the bay area figurative painters david park and elmer bischoff .
from the beginning of the eighties on , cucchi has been gaining international recognition as a representative of the new figurative expression .
since its founding in the nineteenth century , the national sculpture society ( nss ) has remained dedicated to promoting figurative and realistic sculpture .
according to thomson , " the surviving portions of the palace scattered between the tuileries gardens , the courtyards of the ecole des beaux - arts [ paris ] and the château de la punta in corsica show that the columns , pilasters , dormers and tabernacles of the tuileries were the outstanding masterpieces of non - figurative french renaissance architectural sculpture " .
he began his career creating figurative art influenced by expressionism .
it is one of the oldest independent art schools in london and is among the few art colleges in britain that focus on portraiture , figurative painting and sculpture .
this did not come into effect until graetz had made public the explanation that his vincigliata vineyard is a favoured destination for local young lovers , and " soffocone " is a crude firenze term for fellatio , at which point the figurative label depiction was seen in a new light .
his signature figurative paintings transform mediated film , television , and print sources into examinations of history and memory .
her style became less figurative after world war ii ; the bodily deformations which she favored as subjects were more accentuated in an attempt to convey a greater sense of anguish .
in 1998 the nieuw ensemble and its artistic director joël bons were awarded the prince bernhard fund music prize for their ‘ markedly lively and adventurous programming which can be described as groundbreaking , both in the literal and figurative senses of the word’. since 1991 , programmes featuring new works written especially for the ensemble by chinese composers such as tan dun , qu xiaosong , xu shuya , chen qigang and guo wenjing have attracted wide attention .
the school covered every aspect of figurative sculpture , including welding , carving in wood and stone , letter cutting , mouldn making and casting - in addition to modelling in clay .
during 1951 he produced a series of semi - figurative black stain paintings , and in 1952 he produced stain paintings using color .
şăineanu 's texts followed the evolutions of similar words ending in " -liu " ( such as " hazliu " , " funny " , from " haz " , " laughter " ) , of popular figures of speech directly translated from their turkish original ( " a bea tutun " , " to drink tobacco " , or the question " în ce ape te scalzi ? " , " what waters do you bathe in ? " , figurative for " how are you feeling ? " ) , and of strong obscenities reflecting oriental sources .
eventually idealization gave way to observation , and a figurative art which balanced ideal geometry with greater realism was seen in classical sculpture by 480 b.c. the greeks referred to the reliance on visual observation as mimesis .
based on her own study of the astronomical significance of bronze age petroglyphs in the vallée des merveilles and her extensive survey of other prehistoric cave painting sites in the region — most of which appear to have been specifically selected because the interiors are illuminated by the setting sun on the day of the winter solstice — french researcher chantal jègues - wolkiewiez has further proposed that the gallery of figurative images in the great hall represents an extensive star map and that key points on major figures in the group correspond to stars in the main constellations as they appeared in the paleolithic .
literary language is predominantly rhetorical and figurative .
the persian , urdu , and hindi languages ( جگر or जिगर or " jigar " ) refer to the liver in figurative speech to indicate courage and strong feelings , or " their best " ; e.g. , " this mecca has thrown to you the pieces of its liver ! " .
stylistically the art of tournois tends to be close to figurative abstraction .
hand 's body of work is noted for its contemporary and figurative sculptures , dancers , musicians , and stringed instruments .
in 1958 he was introduced to making stoneware , and since that time he has devoted his life mainly to the research of decorating stoneware pots with figurative drawings and glazing them with ash glazes .
most of his work is figurative and made from bronze .
second , based on cognitive linguistics ' analysis of figurative language , he argues that the reasoning we use for such abstract topics as warfare , economics , or morality is somehow rooted in the reasoning we use for such mundane topics as spatial relationships .
they are characterized by transparent deep colors of red , orange , yellow , blue , and black embodying figurative imagery representing both real and imaginary scenes of the gaudy life in the city center district adjoining place des martyrs .
tomko was not seen having any communication with kurt angle , and as he was away in japan ( figurative kayfabe ; he was actually suspended for going there earlier in the midst of the lockdown storyline and no - showing tna 's pre - lockdown fanfest ) , styles tried to bring karen to the impact zone , but kurt had them thrown out as soon as he caught wind of it .
barbara paterson is a canadian artist , primarily known for her bronze figurative works , specializing in a variety of sculpture media including wax , stone , bronze and welded steel .
a painter who has also used collage , sculpture , photography , cinema and lithography , he is associated with the french artistic movement of the 1960s and 1970s called " nouvelle figuration " ( new figurative representation ) , somewhat like pop art .
chana orloff ( 1888 - 1968 ) was a jewish figurative sculptor who was born in ukraine .
she continued to be involved in the evolution of the figurative style associated with existentialism .
early aegean art , although it dates from a much later period , shares some of the same abstract figurative elements .
odhise was director of the national gallery of figurative arts of albania in the 1960 's .
unknowing of the impact that would be made , he started with " de wereld draait door " ( literal meaning " the world keeps on turning " , although " draait door " is also figurative speech for " goes crazy " ) , a huge hit that airs every day in the week , except for saturday and sunday .
the " sperm wars " include both literal battles between sperm inside a woman 's reproductive tract , as well as figurative battles between men competing for the chance to mate .
he excelled at figurative scenes .
as a figurative artist and member of the national academy of design , coughlin ’s work is in many prominent collections including the metropolitan museum and the museum of modern art in new york , the national collection of fine arts in washington d.c. , the norfolk museum of arts and sciences in virginia , the worcester art museum in massachusetts , the university of colorado , the philadelphia free public library , staedelsches kunstinstitut , frankfort , germany , and the new university of ulster , coleraine , northern ireland .
1984 - a series of red / black paintings started around the time of the 40th anniversary of the normandy landings , also many painful images were being shown on tv of the war in bosnia and elsewhere , these led to the red / black figurative paintings which are often of just a single figure , sometimes reminiscent of a / the crucifixion which after all is the ultimate symbol of pain .
increasing attention and critical acclaim saw them vilified by a rival circle of figurative artists associated with the contemporary art society , who formed a controversial exhibiting group , called the antipodeans , in order to check the spread of abstract art in australia .
he was not interested only in the outside image - form of the figurative or object world , but also the inside .
his paintings usually contain a figurative core , which is described by the title of his paintings .
he is a figurative painter whose works reference his interest in artists such as zurbarán , el greco and goya and often feature severely exaggerated depictions of his subjects’ limbs .
he describes his own work as " figurative abstract " and has created a coherent œuvre proving his passion and knowledge of artistic painting .
in the late 1970 ’s and early 1980 ’s painters such as martin kippenberger , jörg immendorff , a.r. penck all part of the group neue wilde or junge wilde as they were also called , painted in no one particular style but everything from abstract , expressive , representational , figurative , borderline surrealistic paintings and photorealistic .
fyffe william george christie ( b. 2 february 1918 , bushey , hertfordshire , england , d. 6 march 1979 ) british figurative artist and mural painter .
the formal elements , those aesthetic effects created by design , upon which figurative art is dependent , include line , shape , color , light and dark , mass , volume , texture , and perspective , although it should be pointed out that these elements of design could also play a role in creating other types of imagery -- for instance abstract , or non - representational or non - objective two - dimensional artwork .
after the mughal period , the figurative motifs were discouraged by the muslims and more floral and paisleys were introduced .
his work ranges from figurative to abstract and includes lettering and furniture design .
and arrived with a method to refresh the post brancusi and somewhat lost figurative currency .
baldwin fed his interest on issues related to black american identity , the struggle for civil rights in the usa , and its use as a subject for contemporary and figurative art .
zenos frudakis ( born 1951 ) is a figurative sculptor whose subjects include portraits of living and historical individuals and poetic / philosophical sculpture with a post - modern sensibility .
recently the gallery has seen residencies by artists become part of its programming , the first in 2007 by dallas / fort worth based figurative painter cyn mccurry .
in modern usage , the term is often figurative and represents a holy grail of writing , an ideal to strive towards , and is a source of inspiration .
his subject matter ranges from figurative to still life and abstracts .
he painted pueblo rituals and abstract designs with colored pencil and watercolor , and featured western figurative types against blank backgrounds .
calligraphy , the most islamic of arts in the muslim world , also has its figurative sides .
he used " a figurative art .
late 20th century revival of figurative sculpture .
genesis was about real events , but god through moses described them in figurative or allegorical language .
some classified his style as " figurative expressionism " , others merely called it ugly .
it is believed that he is an ancestor of the figurative painter , francis bacon .
in sports , the words " schwalbe " ( in german the bird swallow , but also used for diving ( football ) ) , " alleingang " ( german for solo , also used in a in a figurative sense ) , " anschlusstreffer " ( german for a reducer ( goal ) ) and " die mannschaft " ( the team , for the german national soccer team ) are used .
its embodiment are spaces such as the mosque and objects like the qur'an or the white dress of pilgrims entering mecca , deprived of figurative images .
carole dekeijser ( 1959 – 2008 ) was a belgian painter , mainly known for her monumental figurative paintings , for example : hypnos and thanathos , yin - yang the global change or the sacring of jeanne d'arc .
lucian freud , frank auerbach , john tunnard and francis bacon ( " the london school " ) were contemporary figurative artists .
in the teachings of calligraphy , figurative imagery is used to help visualize the shape of letters to trace , for example , the letter " ha ' " looks in " nasta'liq " similar to two eyes , as its persian name implies : " he ' two eyes " " he ' do cheshm " ) .
jerome witkin ( september 13 , 1939 ) is an american figurative artist whose paintings often deal with political and cultural themes .
a more recent series of rendered acrylic paintings was entitled " iconography " which focused on reflecting modern culture through anachronistic figurative images .
built between 1093 and 1537 , chester cathedral includes a set of medieval choir stalls dating from 1380 , with exquisite figurative carving .
as british etymologist michael quinion says , " this story , and [ cobbett 's ] extended repetition of it in 1833 , was enough to get the figurative sense of " red herring " into the minds of his readers , unfortunately also with the false idea that it came from some real practice of huntsmen . "
" franco - saxon " is a term for a school of late carolingian illumination in north - eastern france that used insular - style decoration , including super - large initials , sometimes in combination with figurative images typical of contemporary french styles .
his work includes figurative paintings and portraits , children 's book illustration , and fantasy .
lori earley is a contemporary surrealist figurative artist who began exhibiting her works in 2004 .
the emphasis on landscapes may have been at least partly a response to market demand - landscapes found more ready acceptance , and " the art students " , a figurative genre painting now recognised as one of his best , first exhibited at the victorian art society in 1895 , remained unsold until 1943 .
he knew of and was influenced by his grandparent 's neighbor , the famous french figurative painter pierre laffille ( french , 1938- ) , who remained a life - time friend .
kacere 's paintings are figurative but still can be considered still lifes or even landscapes .
his figurative bronzes ranged in scope and scale from life - size commissioned sculptures of to athletic sculptures , and included a commissioned queen elizabeth and another of the queen mother .
it was soon realized near the beginning of the 20th century that this view was mistaken , and that magical - religious concerns were responsible for the figurative art of the cenozoic era , as indeed for almost all art except in a few rare " hunting tallies " etched on bone during the paleolithic period .
when they came to europe , about 40,000 years ago , their culture appears to have flourished with major advances in the use of tools and the development of figurative art .
it also has a figurative meaning –
his paintings feature a mixture of figurative and abstract imagery rendered in watered - down acrylic .
his position in swiss art history of the 20th century is exceptional : varlin was n’t influenced by avantgardist and abstract movements of his time , he coined his stand - alone own figurative work , that was about the fragility of every day life .
nicolas mathieu eekman ( august 9 , 1889 in brussels , belgium – november 13 , 1973 in paris , france ) , born " nikolaas mathijs eekman " , is a belgian figurative painter of dutch descent , also known in france , in belgium and in the netherlands as nico eekman , nic eekman and under the pseudonym ekma .
as a response to the tendency toward abstraction imagery emerged through various new movements like pop art , the bay area figurative movement and later in the 1970s neo - expressionism .
during a figurative pissing contest with a sleazy rival , jack nicholson 's character confronts a him in a bathroom , shows him he has just taken his job , fires him , and then pees on his shoes saying , " i 'm just marking my territory , and you got in the way . "
his sculpture was in the figurative beaux - arts style , with its realism , and detailed modeling .
however , this awareness of her arab heritage did not result in slavish imitation , but was forged with her own romantic imagination and an appreciation of western figurative traditions to create enigmatic images in which narrative and symbolism are intertwined .
mainly a landscape painter , his style can be considered as neo - figurative although his synthesis of forms lead a considerable abstract approach to nature depiction .
from this period , it has been inferred that " the city had a significant impact on the development of figurative sculpure elshwere in the country " .
the narrator is " invisible " in a figurative sense , in that " people refuse to see " him , and also experiences a kind of dissociation .
the term " upstaging " also has since taken on the figurative meaning of an actor unscrupulously drawing the audience 's attention away from another actor .
although one still finds figurative elements in his paintings , the forms grew increasingly geometric and took on a dynamic of their own , and baumeister broke the traditional connection between form and color .
enlightenment theologians ( culminating perhaps in brunner and niebuhr in the twentieth century ) sought for figurative interpretations because they had already dismissed the historical possibility of the story .
koppelaar 's work is congenial to a figurative movement in dutch contemporary painting that evolved during the 1990s in a reaction to the pared - down conceptual art and the too pompous art - theories of that period .
new art movements such as literary symbolism , non - figurative art , and visual music have profited from experiments with synesthetic perception and contributed to the public awareness of synesthetic and multi - sensory ways of perceiving .
the head of the drawing department , in 2001 he was honored with the endowed deane g. keller chair of classical drawing and figurative art , a position which he held until his death .
however , many would say that art does just this , and that " abstract figurative " is a contradiction in terms .
the stall ends have poppyheads and are rich with figurative carving .
figurative artists popular since the 60s also included ainslie roberts ( 1911 - 1993 ) , jeffrey smart , charles blackman , robert dickerson , donald friend ( 1915 - 1989 ) and among the critics , george baldessin ( 1939 - 1978 ) .
jean rustin is a french painter , and an important figurative artist .
mimesis , like the aesthetic quality , is also an effect of rhetorical and figurative aspects of language .
this type of usage conveys more of a figurative than a literal meaning , since in a strictly literal sense , something can not be more or less unique or empty to a greater or lesser degree .
but unlike nerdrum and according to the retrogardists , kjernstad still believes that traditional and figurative artists should claim the term " art " rather than use the name " kitsch " for their work .
" juxtapoz " originally reflected williams ' own " kustom kulture " sensibility — a combination of california " big daddy " ed roth - style pop surrealism ( identified by some as synonymous with low brow art and others as its own genre , as detailed in low brow art entry ) and the serious figurative craftsmanship that is more likely to be found among illustrators than fine artists today .
between abstract and figurative , she shakes us up with her blood coloured triptychs , her iridescent motherhood and her shady cobalt blue .
jonathon coleman then moved to norfolk to study at the norwich school of art and completed his master of art degree in 1994 with an exhibition called ' prime ' where he developed his figurative theme , moving towards the male form with an exhibition entitled ' standing man ' these figures confronted the notions of the classical male figure as hero , athlete and warrior , and replacing them with the honesty of the standing man .
auerbach is a figurative painter , usually taking personal friends as his subject , with three people being used time and again : his wife julia ; the professional model , juliet yardley mills ( usually referred to as " j. y. m. " in titles ) ; and his friend and lover , stella west .
they give us a clear indication of the way in which decorative motifs and figurative subjects could be transferred from one region to another and from one artform to another .
her style integrates both narrative and figurative styles with the mystic .
uther 's epithet " pendragon " means " head dragon " in a figurative sense , referring to his status as " foremost leader " or " chief of warriors " .
perry made the requested modifications , working with mannheimer and figurative sculptor daniel edwards , who sculpted and oversaw casting of the figures of king and kennedy , to fine - tune the original design .
the most important figurative complex of the cathedral is the fresco decoration on the side walls of the nave ( early 16th century ) , portraying the " life of mary and christ " .
while in the underworld artemis became a figurative bride to one of the thirteen ruling princes of hell named dalkriig - hath .
bryten edward goss ( august 23 , 1976 – october 26 , 2006 ) , a native californian , was a self - taught contemporary american figurative painter .
according to ' the new ayn rand companion ' , equality 7 - 2521 " experiments with electricity to become a literal and figurative bringer of light , similar to ' prometheus ' " ( gladstein , 1995 , p.49 ) .
from figurative painting and installation , to illustration and picture - book making , his work has been exhibited in new york , dublin , london , sydney , washington dc , and belfast .
along with the roman statues and sarcophagi being newly excavated , antique gems were prime sources for artists eager to regain a classical figurative vocabulary .
vallen is a figurative realist painter .
his despair at the difficulty of establishing constructivist art in uruguay led torres garcía to propose a figurative journey reviving the use of constructivism and using native american cultural symbolism , creating in 1943 the torres garcía studio " ( taller torres garcía ) " , or studio of the south " ( taller del sur ) " , composed of young artists .
the affluent is a secretive caste laden down with rituals and untold power , subtly afflicted by inbreeding both literal and figurative .
" ci - devant " nobility ( from the french , meaning " from before " ) were the french nobility of the " ancien régime " ( the bourbon monarchy ) after it had lost its titles and privileges in the french revolution ; it may be compared to the english language term " late " , as it expresses the ( figurative ) death of the nobility .
the video , directed by francis lawrence , portrays a somewhat vague story with multiple interpretations , from a literal visitation of spirits to figurative rebellion against fully " constructed " society .
working from a discipline based in formalism , he is an abstract expressionist who chooses between many elements including symbolist and figurative to express non - verbal thoughts and emotions abstractly .
claude lévi - strauss originated this term , where he identifies terms like " mana " ( magical mystical substance of which the magic is formed ) , or " oomph " ( american slang term for flavor in the figurative sense ) " to represent an undetermined quantity of signification , in itself void of meaning and thus apt to receive any meaning " . daniel chandler defines the term as " a signifier with a vague , highly variable , unspecifiable or non - existent signified . "
the laboratory rented a store at 2119 university avenue , just west of the campus , and converted it into a figurative beehive of research activities .
there he received his education for the next 4 years following which he went abroad to gothenburg sweden and to study at valand school of fine arts where he received influence from new modes of art and was influenced by figurative painting .
joseph ndandarika ( c. 1941-may , 1991 ) was a zimbabwean sculptor known for his figurative works .
the figurative style of his large bronzes is perceived as an important precursor to the greater simplifications of henry moore and alberto giacometti , and his serene classicism set a standard for european ( and american ) figure sculpture until the end of world war ii .
laurušaitė creates figurative dishes , mainly bowls and pots in the shape of a woman .
the artworks accompanying the cd are reproductions of bowers’ figurative and surrealistic paintings .
however , after the establishment of the empire , the consuls were merely a figurative representative of rome ’s republican heritage and held very little power and authority , with the emperor acting as the supreme leader .
artist kent bellows ( june 26 , 1949 – september 14 , 2005 ) is best known for his figurative works in the realist style .
the anglo - saxon crosses have survived less well , being more subject to iconoclasm after the english reformation , but often featured larger figurative sculpture of considerable quality , as on the ruthwell cross and bewcastle cross .
in his carved pieces , he remained committed to figurative and representational sculpture , so making his decision , after twenty years of work , to let go of the representational element of his great outdoor sculpture , and commit himself to this immense abstraction , says a great deal about artistic courage .
the tradition of tropological reading of a text derives from the christian theory and practice of interpreting the figurative meaning of the bible .
his knowledge and comprehension of anatomy , perspective and composition were the foundations for his figurative and landscape paintings .
christophe pillault and donna williams , focus on figurative works with an emphasis on movement .
when the decade came to a close , crime films became more figurative , representing metaphors , as opposed to the more straight forward films produced earlier in the decade , showing an increasing interest in offering a thought provoking message about criminal character .
