filing fees for arbitration can cost thousands of dollars , depending on the case and the arbitration firm .
national trade mark laws in some countries ( such as finland , germany , hungary and switzerland ) provide for the filing of the regulations as an additional requirement for registration of the collective trade mark .
filing of a charge .
in august 1990 , potti - rosha issued recommendations for filing cases based on affidavits victims of the violence had submitted .
this claim has been vehemently opposed by the vapi industries association and vapi waste & effluent management company ltd. as a result they have dragged the blacksmith institute to the courts by filing a law suit for rs .
in october 1950 she became a filing clerk at the admiralty underwater weapons establishment at portland .
flight plan filing .
after filing complaints , in collaboration with the center for women 's law studies and legal services of beijing university , the women received 170,000 yuan in back wages and compensation .
in november 2008 , al - mutairi joined with fellow islamist mps waleed alـtabtabaie and mohammed alـmutair in filing a request to grill prime minister nasser mohammed al - ahmed al - sabah for allowing prominent iranian shiite cleric mohammed al - fali to enter kuwait despite a legal ban .
the office is furnished with filing cabinets , chairs , a large desk , and a pot - bellied coal stove .
electronic filing is provided for both individual and business returns .
as google stated in the filing , their , " growth has reduced some of the advantages of private ownership .
also as part of the plea bargain , a misdemeanor charge of filing a false police report was dismissed .
prior to filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy , the company operated independence air .
willett : " ... links their assignment to camp six to a filing he made seeking their release . "
vitagraph was not the only company seeking to make money from edison 's motion picture inventions , and edison 's lawyers were very busy in the 1890s and 1900s filing patents and suing competitors for patent infringement .
traditionally the practice of intellectual property law in malaysia was part of the legal practice of a general law firm , where ip work consisted of filing trademark applications and patent applications from overseas patent and trademark right holders .
intellectual ventures claims its purchasing activity as of early 2009 has sent $ 315 million to individual inventors and $ 848 million to small and medium size enterprises as well as returning " approximately $ 1 billion " to investors without filing any lawsuits .
in august 2005 , a filing was submitted to transfer the license to a minority shareholder ( peggy warner ) on the basis that she had loaned money to the company .
ccr responded by filing a motion for reconsideration of the district court ’s dismissal , arguing that the al odah v. united states and boumediene v. bush cases being heard by the supreme court reopen the jurisdiction issue ( as they both address the detainees’ right to fair trial ) , thus attorney access should continue until the supreme court has passed judgment on these cases .
increasing the durability of agreements , or negotiating them in ways which ensures that they will be performed upon would reduce or eliminate costs associated with renegotiating contracts or the legal fees associated with filing lawsuits in an attempt to enforce contracts . "
on 13 august 2004 , margarita 's lawyer announced she was filing for a divorce .
if the amount of taxes due at the time of filing is $ 1,000 or greater , penalty fees and interest charges are assessed in addition to the tax owed .
some tax protesters argue that filing of federal income tax returns or payment of taxes is " voluntary " ( in the sense of " not a legal obligation " ) based on language in the text of numerous court cases , such as the following : " our system of taxation is based upon voluntary assessment and payment , not upon distraint " ( from the u.s. supreme court case of " flora v. united states " . )
schaefer later began filing frivolous lawsuits , trying to sue one true crime writer for describing him as overweight and separately trying to sue authors colin wilson and michael newton and former fbi agent robert ressler for describing him ( schaefer ) as a serial killer .
as a result , the lawyer missed a filing deadline on a multi - million dollar claim .
after the turn of the century , businesses started to utilize filing systems with index cards and file folders .
the station has formally applied to remain off the air for up to 180 days due to being " unable to operate profitably in the current economic climate " .. the fcc accepted the filing on december 11 , 2008 , but as of january 24 , 2009 , has not yet approved the request , since a request to remain silent must normally be due to something " beyond the control " of the licensee , and generally does not include financial problems .
marc schniederjans , a local leader of the nebraska civil rights initiative , says that the language brunig proposes is " as clear as rain " and that what the opposition is doing by filing this complaint is " a standard strategy of those opposing such measures . "
accordingly , on september 28 , 2008 , cebu city rtc branch 7 judge simeon dumdum approved the withdrawal of charges at the cebu city court for filing of murder case , instead against the alleged 2 masterminds before the tacurong city rtc .
yellowstone had been in the planning stages of an expansion , in a development partnership with the discovery land company of arizona , which was to include 450 additional houses and condos , an ice rink , a baseball field , a luxury spa and more ski runs .. when filing , they owed us$ 343 million to creditors , such as banks and local contractors .
for every application , " counts " are earned by composing , filing , and mailing a first office action on the merits , and upon disposal of an application .
in this case , a district court purported to extend a party 's time for filing an appeal beyond the period allowed by statute .
on march 5 , 2008 , the lawsuit was re - filed in federal court to include allegations that co - plaintiff army specialist jeremy hall was denied a promotion due to the filing of the original lawsuit in september 2007 .
there is no time limit on filing appeal of an inaction .
in august 18 , 1989 , while standing on a stool to reach invoices from a filing cabinet , ferguson slipped and fell , injuring his head , neck and back .
this bonus has been as high as $ 2000 for each employee ; during 2005 two such extraordinary bonuses were paid and another in 2009 was paid(per the 10-k filing ) .
he worked briefly as a quantity surveyor and then for the war office as a temporary clerk ( grade three ) which meant filing paperwork and making tea .
quinstreet inc. plans an initial public offering of $ 250 million in common stock , according to a regulatory filing .
in 2006 , public citizen , supported by the illinois attorney general , renewed its demand of ten years prior for black box warnings by filing a third petition requesting such changes be made .
george wright said on november 20 that gray had two legal options remaining : filing a petition with a federal appellate court to stay the execution , or requesting that the president reconsider approval of the execution .
the file allocation table ( fat ) filing system , supported by all versions of microsoft windows , was an evolution of that used in microsoft 's earlier operating system ( ms - dos which in turn was based on 86-dos ) .
in 1921 , james rand , jr. founded the kardex institute to collect and disseminate information on good business record - keeping and filing practices .
the case raised questions before and after the execution about how the death penalty was applied in washington state , especially in cases where a defendant refused to present a defense in the penalty phase and refused to allow the filing of any appeals .
zurich then sought to recover the costs of the ludwigs ' claim by filing suit in admiralty against the county in the united states district court for the southern district of georgia .
the clerk is also responsible for all case filing and calendaring , publishing opinions , and related tasks .
for the l1a1 , the lack of fully - automatic fire resulted in the unofficial conversion of the l1a1 to full - auto capability by simply filing down the selector , which works by restricting trigger movement ..
speedtax automates the management of returns filing – the review and approval process , submissions of returns , and remittances .
the controlled data reside on supported platforms , currently solaris 2 , linux e.g. red hat version 7 ( and later ) , fedora ( core and later ) , and microsoft windows nt and 2000 machines ( filing system manager daemon only ) .
once the period for filing an appeal for setting aside an award is over , or if such an appeal is rejected , the award is binding on the parties and is considered as a decree of the court .
the patent cooperation treaty provides an international procedure for dealing with patent applications , called international applications , during the first 30 months after their first filing in any country .
all office functions , including dictation , typing , filing , copying , fax , telex , microfilm and records management , telephone and telephone switchboard operations , fall into this category .
magnier counter - sued ferguson filing a " motion to comply " requiring ferguson to substantiate his claim for half of rock of gibraltar 's stud fees .
the filing took place in the u.s. bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york on september 14 , 2005 .
the egtrra in many cases lowered the taxes on married couples filing jointly by increasing the standard deduction for joint filers to between 174% and 200% of the deduction for single filers .
defensor was part of the spice boys of the house of representatives that spearheaded the filing of the impeachment case against then - president joseph estrada .
a third party may also seek to enter the case by filing an intervention .
however , following the entrance of fellow republican arnold schwarzenegger into the race , two days before the filing deadline , a tearful issa announced that he would not run .
jalgo primarily engages in collective bargaining and represents the interests of its members in the workplace ( largely through filing grievances and participating in workplace decision - making structures ) .
in the american airlines inc. , 8k sec filing dated november 29 , 2007 , " the planned divestiture would include both american eagle airlines , inc. , which feeds american airlines hubs throughout north america , and its independently certificated regional carrier affiliate , executive airlines , inc. , which carries the american eagle name throughout the bahamas and the caribbean from bases in miami and san juan , puerto rico . "
in an order entered on 21 september 2007 , judge kimball administratively closed the case of sco v. ibm due to sco filing for bankruptcy on 14 september 2007 .
the most common standard for the dimensions and location of filing holes punched in paper is international standard iso 838 .
independents : peter andren , pauline hanson , allan rocher , graeme campbell , paul filing ( ex - liberal )
while the case was pending , papiano complained to " the new york times " about " the enquirers litigation tactics , which included filing motions asserting that the complaint was insufficient , seeking to move the case from state to federal court and requesting ms. taylor 's medical records from the past 30 years .
after the filing of lawsuit , ibm unveiled the deskstar 120gxp , and the travelstar 60gh and 40gn on 7 november 2001 .
on november 1 , 2007 , the executive council of the south carolina democratic party voted 13 - 3 to keep his name off the ballot , and refunded his us$ 2500 filing fee .
a slander of title suit can be pursued with merit in a variety of circumstances including but not limited to " the filing of an invalid lien against real property or virtually any type of recordable instrument recorded against a property by one without privilege which is untrue ...
the forum and integrated comments section has a web 2.0 model in mind with features such as topic tagging / filing and a content rating system .
as a result , the lawyer missed a filing deadline on a $ 3,760,909.49 claim .
based on the previously mentioned sec filing , long - tenured , west coast editor for barron 's , eric j. savitz , wondered , " if the market conditions will ever improve enough to allow friendfinder to go public . "
however a disclosure of the industrial design is not taken into consideration if it occurred not earlier than twelve months before the filing date or , where applicable , the priority date of the application and if it was by reason or in consequence of
his " official office memoranda " , giving instructions and setting rules for everything down to the frequency of filing and the decoration on the walls , became a legend throughout itv .
schlessinger claims to have initiated the idea of this use in combination therapy , but had not documented his research and ideas as thoroughly , leaving him forced to rely on his recollections of the events that led to the patent filing some 17 years before yeda mounted their challenge ..
in their filing with the fcc , station management stated , " station kezq 's antenna was damaged by an ice storm .
2006 revisions to pacrim 's national pollutant discharge elimination system ( npdes ) filing with the environmental protection agency ( epa ) shows the company expects to discharge more than 7.4 million gallons of mine area runoff daily into salmon - bearing tributaries of the chuitna river , including creek 2002 ( lone creek ) , creek 2003 ( middle creek ) and creek 2004 .
on may 12 , 2009 , a felony indictment was unsealed charging one count of defrauding the government , three counts of filing a false instrument and sixteen counts of theft of government services .
beth twitty and dave holloway responded by filing a wrongful death lawsuit against the kalpoes in the same venue .
if the collateral is not consumer goods , the notice must also be sent to other secured parties known to the foreclosing creditor , either because they have notified the foreclosing creditor of their interest , or because they have perfected their interest by filing the appropriate documents with the state secretary of state .
the diocese of fairbanks , a co - defendant in the case , filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy , claiming inability to pay the 140 plaintiffs filing claims against the diocese for alleged sexual abuse by priests or church workers during this period .
filing an application .
also , at any time during this process from the filing of the complaint to the final judgment , the plaintiff may withdraw his complaint and end the whole matter , or the defendant may agree to a settlement , which involves a negotiated award followed also by the plaintiff withdrawing his complaint and the settlement entered into the court record .
nuscale anticipates filing design certification application in 2011 .
stolt - nielsen responded through filing civil complaints against the government arguing that the doj had illegally breached its contract with stolt - nielsen by withdrawing amnesty .
nsombi hale is now filing suit against sci .
the act exempted from taxation profits on the sale of a personal residence of up to $ 500,000 for married couples filing jointly and $ 250,000 for singles .
in may 2003 seven of the hollywood studios including mgm studios , tristar pictures , columbia pictures , time warner entertainment , disney , universal city studios and the saul zaentz company countersued 321 studios by filing a series of claims alleging that the dvd x copy products violated the dmca .
thirteen applicants filled during the filing window .
it may also be filed using the so - called " epoline " online filing software .
the steelmark logo was used in print , radio and television ads as well as on labels for all steel products , from steel tanks to tricycles to filing cabinets .
curry is known for her international reporting of major stories , filing stories from places such as baghdad , sri lanka , democratic republic of congo , rwanda , albania , and darfur .
in july 2004 , shortly after the opening of champion window field , contractors began filing liens against the freedom , accusing the team of not paying for work done on the stadium .
the company has delayed filing its earnings results for the second and third quarters .
in a filing in federal district court in washington , the company agreed to include a statement in its newspaper and television advertising affirming that certification by pcgs does not guarantee protection .
bob hoffman , president of the company , emphasized that the filing will have a positive long - term impact on the company 's domestic and international operations .
on september 25 , joshua frank reported that dixon was alleging that he had been contacted twice in july by mark wilson , who implied that large donations to dixon 's non - profit organization , central house , would be made if he were to withdraw his candidacy before filing .
computers and filing cabinets where thrown out of windows and according to sussex police , " extensive damage was caused " .
he goes to great lengths to get them to move out ; from seeking legal advice , filing police reports , asking goons to remove them and then moving in himself .
in 2007 terra markets was involved in the terra securities scandal , resulting in the subsidiary terra securities losing its concession for brokerage on november 28 , 2007 and filing for bankruptcy the same day .
all 6 blue jays filing for arbitration are pitchers , 5 of them are regulars in the bullpen .
principal pixiefrog 's assistant ; she does all of the filing and is , obviously , a warthog .
the court believed that similar policy considerations prompted congress in 1995 to pass the private securities litigation reform act , on the belief that , as a house report asserted , the class action device was being used to injure " the entire u. s. economy " by filing mere nuisance lawsuits , targeting deep - pocket defendants , making burdensome discovery requests , and through " manipulation by class action lawyers of the clients whom they purport to represent . "
victims are not encouraged to participate in investigations against their employers ; sources allege that workers are discouraged from filing complaints or pressing charges and that some police dissuade workers from formally lodging claims for sexual assault .
decisions of the indian supreme court in the 1980s loosened strict " locus standi " requirements to permit the filing of suits on behalf of rights deprived sections of society by public minded individuals or bodies .
reynoldstown , leveling many of its homes and destroying the neighborhood ; filing
there are legal time limits for filing claims .
the court filing is available as a pdf .
along with their commercial successes , the group became entangled in much - publicized turmoil involving the filing of a lawsuit by luckett and roberson for breach of contract .
in a u.s. court filing on february 11 , 2010 , nortel proposed to spend $ 92.3 m on retention bonuses for
the cart was awarded patent number 2,196,914 on april 9 , 1940 ( filing date : march 14 , 1938 ) , titled , " folding basket carriage for self - service stores " .
in november 2004 lesbian couple katherine zappone and ann louise gilligan ( k & al ) were granted leave by the republic of ireland 's high court to pursue a claim to have their september 2003 vancouver marriage recognised for the filing of joint tax returns in ireland .
the ' three mile island ' conclusion presented in the legal filing did not agree with data and documents prepared at the time of the sre incident .
after filing , an application is often referred to as " patent pending .
it was discovered in april 2006 through a regulation d filing that automattic raised approximately 1.1 million dollars in funding , which .
scraping or filing the seed is advised to assist seed germination , which is fairly slow and reliable with " rhodosphaera rhodanthema " .
while the family was still in kentucky his father was frequently involved with filing deeds , serving on juries , and attending sheriff ’s sales , and lincoln was likely aware of his father ’s legal issues .
however , when the deadline for filing candidacies was reached on 15 january 2010 , it was fabre , not olympio , who was presented as the ufc candidate .
the atf does , however , recommend filing tax - free transfer paperwork on all such temporary transfers , to confer an extra layer of legal protection on both the owner and the gunsmith .
filing is a material removal process in manufacturing .
the vertical filing cabinet ( vertical file cabinet in the united states ) more or less as in use today was invented by edwin g. seibels in 1898 .
one of the three , an 18-year - old woman , accused henry of sexually assaulting her ; she later retracted her story and was charged with filing a false police report .
the measure authorizes the legislature to enact statutes providing the details of victims ' remedial processes , including reasonable limitations on the time allowed for filing claims and the circumstances in which appeals are allowed .
anyone not filing a tax return has been taxed at the maximum rate already .
artist christian marclay denied apple the rights to his 1995 short film " telephones " to market their iphone , but then decided against filing suit when apple ran a similar ad during the 2007 academy awards broadcast .
he invented a vertical filing system in 1898 that revolutionized record - keeping .
the complexity and cost of chapter 11 bankruptcy is rather high ( the case - filing fee alone is $ 1000 ) .
typically , odr proceedings occur following the filing of a claim online , with the proceedings taking place over the internet , and judgment rendered on the basis of documentation presented .
she works very hard , getting up early and doing lots of chores , like sweeping the front porch and filing books .
to qualify for the head of household filing status you must be unmarried and paid more than half the cost of a maintaining a home for yourself and another relative who lives with you for over half the year and can be claimed as your dependent .
on 30 october 2008 stephen m. truitt filed a " notice of filing motion for identification of witness whose name has been withheld " on behalf of hani saleh rashid abdullah ( isn 841 ) in civil action no . 05-cv-0023 ( rwr ) .
the station 's second application for a license to cover was accepted for filing on july 7 , 2008 . , the commission has taken no further action on this license application , pending a licensing issue with krsk ( 105.1 fm ) in salem , oregon .
sandpaper may be used as a filing tool for other materials , such as glass .
each deduction has its own particular requirements and may depend on the taxpayer 's filing status , income , and other factors .
winn claims to have documented attempts of " muslims filing complaints with the domain registrar to release private information " regarding his location and their repeated attempts to hijack the site .
by filing for a reexamination , such parties seek to invalidate the patent while keeping legal fees low .
after drafting an application for patent , complying with any further rules ( such as having the inventor or inventors review the application prior to filing ) , and obtaining the applicant 's permission , the practitioner files the patent application with the patent office .
novello was charged in a 20 count indictment on may 12 , 2009 , in new york with theft of government services , defrauding the government and filing a false instrument .
take - two interactive software , inc. v. john b. thompson " is a lawsuit filed by take two interactive against miami attorney jack thompson seeking to permanently enjoin him from filing a public nuisance suit under florida law against take two to block the sales of the unreleased video games " grand theft auto iv " and " manhunt 2 " .
the dominion land act of 1872 offered agricultural pioneers an opportunity to " prove up " a quarter section of land ( 160 acres/65 hectares ] ) in western canada for a $ 10.00 filing fee and three years of improvements combined with residence on the land .
however , it was moved to southern hills country club in tulsa originally because of the club 's filing chapter 11 bankruptcy in 1990 .
gutknecht was the only major party candidate in minnesota to submit filing petitions in 2006 .
collins , colorado , from the federal communications commission on june 7 , 2002 , almost six years after filing the initial application .
stung by criticism over its years - long delay in the previous election filing , the nlrb moved with dispatch and ordered a second representation election in april 1965 .
also presented in the filing is new expert testimony that the " knife " marks on the victims were the result of animal predation after the bodies had been dumped.[1][40 ]
in 2009 , the " los angeles times " reported that intuit spent nearly $ 2 million in political contributions to eliminate free online state tax filing for low income residents in california .
as according to the 2007 10-k filing , 61% of its stores are located in cities with populations of less than 5,000 and only 13% are located in cities with greater than 20,000 population .
a patent for such a device was issued to new york restaurateur juvenico maldonado in 1950 , based on his patent filing of 1947 .
on december 11 , 2009 , she announced that she was filing for divorce , after it became known that governor sanford had flown to argentina to have an affair with maria belen chapur , a 43-year old divorced mother from buenos aires .
from the time of the first official announcement on may 3 , 2007 and first financial filing deadline on july 15 , 2007 , the race has been closely watched in the national media , and " time " described it as one of the 15 congressional races to watch in the 2008 election .
in may 2001 , the u.s. securities and exchange commission shut down slatkin 's scheme by filing an enforcement action and obtaining a temporary restraining order freezing his remaining assets .. on the same day as the sec action , the federal bureau of investigation executed search warrants relating to slatkin .
according to washington mutual inc. 's 2007 sec filing , the holding company held assets valued at $ 327.9 billion .
for continuation applications which claim priority to a previously filed application , the publication is six months after the new filing date .
the original u.s. government plan was for both companies to enter a chapter 11 bankruptcy , obtain critical agreements from most stakeholders , minimize objections so that the companies could exit the process without a prolonged battle with stakeholders affected by the filing .
2009 bankruptcy filing .
according to the " camrose canadian " , the townsite of new norway was put on sale october 14 , 1909 , with 14 businesses filing intent to establish within the first month .
early in the second half , the forum crowd began filing out dejectedly .
in a filing in mid - april with the federal election commission , weldon 's campaign committee reported that it transferred $ 70,000 to the " weldon legal expense trust " .
howard stated that the problem was that the regulatory agencies were changing their merger policies as they were considering the companies ' filing .
the attorneys general of florida and missouri quickly followed madigan 's lead , filing suit on 24 january and 30 january , respectively , against 1st source information specialists and , in missouri 's case , one other records broker - first data solutions , inc.
shortly before the release of " labor of love " , foster and his wife of twelve years separated , ultimately filing for divorce .
due to a bankruptcy filing in early 2008 , friedman 's and crescent liquidated all of their locations .
microsoft had also suggested that michael david doyle , eolas ' founder and a former university of california researcher , had intentionally concealed his knowledge of violawww when filing the patent claim .
airbus retaliated by filing another complaint , contesting that boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the u.s. government .
he was often billed as " the vampire " during this time for biting his opponents and filing his teeth during interviews and promos .
as of the march 31 filing , perdue reported that he had in excess of $ 8 million on hand , while taylor had $ 4.1 million in reserve .
the system will present you with a notice of electronic filing ( “ nef ” ) screen and will also e - mail you a copy of the nef .
the bixbys also frequently attempted to bypass traditional legal processes by filing claims and suits in unofficial " common law courts " , claiming that they were " sovereign citizens " and hence had the right to pursue legal action in whatever manner they desired .
the filing cited dna evidence linking hobbs to the crime scene , and new statements from hobbs ' now ex - wife .
in " ilagan v. enrile " , 139 scra 349(1985 ) , the court refused to act on petitions for habeas corpus filed in behalf of 3 lawyers who had been arrested and detained without warrants of arrest , ruling that the petitions were mooted by the subsequent filing of criminal informations for rebellion against the lawyers .
for the good choice of the shape of the cladding , the filing factor formula_10 above approaches unity ;
at the same time , simply filing an application usually preserves the applicant 's right to subsequently seek full examination and protection for his invention , if a competitor or a pirate is later discovered to infringe the invention .
even microfiche is easier to store than microfilm , provided organizational practices prevent the divestment of sheets from their filing system .
today , the hon company , a division of hni corporation is the predominant north american manufacturer and marketer of filing cabinets .
california similarly had a cross - filing law in the 1950s , used by then governor earl warren .
while the incident ended without harm , the school had earlier defended its reputation by filing a complaint against the the windsor star , for a 1994 article " parents fear for children 's safety at school " , alleging that it left the erroneous impression that roseland school was a " violent , threatening and unsafe environment [ for students ] " .
on september 25 , counterpunch reported that the dixon campaign had been contacted in july by former candidate and cantwell campaign staffer , mark wilson , with the implication of large donations to dixon 's non - profit , central house if he were to withdraw his candidacy before filing .
as with all iras , there are specific eligibility and filing status requirements mandated by the internal revenue service .
after the family left , the doors of the presidential library opened , and the public began filing in at a rate of 2,000 an hour throughout the night .
the osl is a copyleft license , with a termination clause triggered by filing a lawsuit alleging patent infringement .
related to pinochet 's and his family secret bank accounts in united states and in caraïbs islands , this tax fraud filing for an amount of 27 million dollars shocked the conservative sectors who still supported him .
beazer reported in a securities and exchange commission ( sec ) filing on may 3 , 2007 that the sec has launched an informal investigation of the company .
a legal right would exist for a victim to collect damages from an offender ; upon filing a claim and collecting money from the insurer , the right to restitution would be subrogated to the insurer , who would then have an incentive to find the offending party and demand restitution .
the most prevalent sideways rom after basic is the acorn disc filing system used to provide floppy disc support to the machine .
by may 1984 , continental was operating 83 of its 105 aircraft , which had been mostly grounded upon filing for bankruptcy .
direct cremation consists of the funeral home receiving the remains of the deceased , filing the necessary paperwork ( according to state / provincial laws ) , and completing the cremation process .
on february 6 , 2007 , a federal grand jury named fumo in a 137 count indictment , alleging mail fraud , wire fraud , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and filing a false tax return .
the church then embarked on an aggressive , but more legal course , the church 's hundreds of affiliated entities filing a steady stream of lawsuits against the irs in an attempt to have their tax - exempt status approved .
several months prior to the tragedy , he was summoned to lake worth , florida to pick up his mother who was filing for divorce from his father .
as they travel , clerics take samples of any inventions they discover and assist innovators they encounter , filing regular reports to their superiors .
as of may 11 , 2006 offered consumers a link to it has online claim filing and links to software updates / uninstallers .
on november 1 , 2004 , a non - profit educational organization with religious ties known as " rb schools " based in keene , texas , filed an application to force weps to share time on the 88.9 mhz frequency with a new non - commercial station as part of a larger filing against high school radio stations across the united states .
among the numerous campaigns bozell has led with the ptc have included campaigning to bring back the " family viewing hour " , filing complaints with the fcc over what he sees as indecent programs , and boycotting corporations that advertise on television programs that the organization believes to be offensive .
in filing an amici curiae brief in support of stevens , more than a dozen media outlets including the new york times , national public radio , the american society of news editors , the association of alternative newsweeklies , citizen media law project , medianews group , the national press photographers association , the newspaper association of america , the the newspaper guild – cwa , outdoor writers association of america , the radio - television news directors association , the society of environmental journalists , and the society of professional journalists have also sided with stevens ' attorney .
the gloves are tipped with metal claws , which she has occasionally been seen filing to keep them sharp .
he also found fault with the attorneys for assigning only a junior attorney to prepare the documents ; for delaying 2 hours past the us supreme court 's grant of certiorari in baze v. rees , the case that would eventually determine the constitutionality of the execution procedure , before even discussing preparing a motion in richard 's case ; and for relying on paralegals to contact the clerk 's office about the filing , without any attorneys attempting to directly contact a judge or the court of criminal appeal 's general counsel .
the second program began on august 10 , 2005 , and the filing deadline was february 13 , 2006 .
cla does not exist to provide housekeeping hints , tips on sorting and filing , or lectures on time management , but instead focuses on the underlying issues made manifest by unnecessary physical and emotional clutter .
" while voteonmarriage.org respects the first amendment rights of these organizations , their online complaint process itself allows fraud in that it fails to authenticate the identity of the citizens filing complaints .
but the pace was quite halting due to use of litigation tactics which involved filing repeated writs for habeas corpus , which succeeded for many in delaying their actual execution for many years .
one factor in considering whether the u.s. trustee can prevail in a challenge to the debtor 's chapter 7 filing is whether the debtor can otherwise afford to repay some or all of his debts out of disposable income in the five year time frame provided by chapter 13 .
after filing in order to keep lenders from forcing payments , the company has been impacted by the credit crisis and has been unable to find a lender to complete the restructuring as of august 2009 .
one of sollecito 's lawyers , luca maori , responded to the filing of the report by saying that he will refute the ruling " point by point . "
in 2008 - 2010 , filed under the false claims act in federal court in virginia , brad davis and melan davis , both former employees , accused the company of " defrauding the us government for years " by filing false receipts , double billing for the same services and charging government agencies for the services of strippers and prostitutes as they carried out government contracts in iraq and afghanistan , and in louisiana in the aftermath of hurricane katrina .
the commodore amiga was the first personal computer to use a full - featured blitter , and the first us patent filing to use the term " blitter " was " personal computer apparatus for block transfer of bit - mapped image data , " assigned to commodore - amiga , inc. on top of the ability to copy and manipulate large areas of graphics , the hardware that contained the amiga 's blitter also included line drawing and area - filling hardware .
mcgill was convicted of filing false tax returns and sentenced to a five year prison term early in 1907 .
once they reached $ 100 million , a new filing and new fee would be required , but no further fee would be required unless the total of purchases reached $ 500 million .
additionally , as canada has a modified " first to file " system , any delay in the filing of a canadian patent application may result in " losing the race to the patent office " .
colorado supreme court cases often take two years or more to go from a filing of a petition for certiorari , to issuance of an opinion , and the solicitor general is involved in the process before a petition for certiorari is filed .
in june 2008 del biaggio ran into legal trouble over a multitude of unpaid loans , culminating in him filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy .
the doj under clinton limited its enforcement to civil measures , such as seeking to revoke the federal prescription licenses of doctors who recommended cannabis or filing for civil injunctions against the major providers under proposition 215 .
in february 2006 , the anti - corruption bureau ( acb ) of the mumbai police declared nayak absconding ; when he voluntarily surrendered at the court , they arrested him on a non - bailable warrant merely on the basis of an fir filed by an ex - criminal , and confined nayak for 60 days without filing a chargesheet .
they were together for five years until separating in 2004 and filing for divorce to be finalised as of last year 2006 , and now his name is back to the original kruspe again .
the court of appeals imposed penalties on mr. ryan under 28 u.s.c. section 1912 , in the form of ordering him to pay double costs , for filing a frivolous appeal .
it may also be filed using the so - called " epoline " online filing software .
the group is best known for filing a lawsuit against the city of fullerton , ca to stop a $ 500,000,000 redevelopment expansion in 2009 .
superior offshore international , inc. ( nasdaq : deep ) announced on april 23 , 2008 that it received a delisting notice from the nasdaq 's listing qualifications department citing the company 's failure to timely file its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31 , 2007 ( the " form 10-k " ) in accordance with the filing requirements for continued listing set forth in marketplace rule 4310(c)(14 ) .
furthermore , if the application contains more than fifteen claims at the time of filing , claim fees are due .
in 2006 1.4 million people used itin when filing taxes .
that is , we rely on the parties to frame the issues for decision and assign to the courts the role of neutral arbiter of matters the parties present . " as relevant to this case , the rules of appellate procedure required the government to notify the district court and greenlaw that it was seeking an increase in greenlaw 's sentence by filing its own notice of appeal .
the company was beset with manufacturing problems resulting from environmental issues which in 1992 resulted in them filing for bankruptcy protection .
renewal / extension of tn status can be done either by mail ( which requires filing of form i-129 " petition for a nonimmigrant worker " by the employer , along with proof of the tn holder 's citizenship and education , and an extension letter similar to the original offer letter ) or by duplication of the original process ( for mexican citizens , a trip to a us consulate ; for canadians leaving and re - entering us , document requirements are similar to those for obtaining the original tn ) .
not long after the bankruptcy filing , talks of reviving the institute ensued .
with brussels ii holding that the first valid court to process a filing for divorce is the court that will have jurisdiction , it can matter a great deal where in the eu a ruling is made .
by filing the lawsuit , alabama band attorneys mistakenly included copies of band contracts as exhibits along with their lawsuit papers , thus allowing fans a chance to look at the inner workings of the band and revealing that herndon actually had a contractual full band share of the farewell tour .
he assisted 50 scientologists in filing separate lawsuits against the organization cult awareness network ( can ) , which led to the bankruptcy of the organization .
cswa also assists workers by filing lawsuits against employers , either on its own or in cooperation with the asian american legal defense and education fund or attorneys working pro bono .
if mr. b independently invents around january 2007 the same improved mousetrap and decides to directly publish in february 2007 a paper explaining how his new mousetrap works , the publication of the paper by mr. b will not affect the novelty of ms. a 's patent application in the united kingdom , even though the publication of mr. b 's paper takes place before the actual date of filing of ms. a 's uk patent application .
the duration of a design patent right shall be twelve ( 12 ) years from the filing date of the patent application .
with the filing deadline for candidates looming , lawrence said in january that " we have adopted this other formula - a makeshift redistricting - and that 's what it will be - to hurtle this present situation of avoiding having an election of all 27 member of congress at large .
most modern commercially - oriented vertical filing cabinets in the us are manufactured in two , three , four , and five drawer versions in depths of 25 , 26 1/2 , and 28 inches .
during that time he was best known for his book " the real anita hill " and authoring the troopergate story , which led to paula jones filing a lawsuit against bill clinton .
a final office action is also known as a filing refusal .
this image was reinforced by confusion over the method in which smart parts obtained the patents in question : in the mid 1990s , smart parts contracted with pneuventures , inc. , to produce the original shocker , with the two companies sharing ownership in its patent filing .
recent legislatures have covered increased spending with increases in sin taxes , tolls , and filing fees .
in this context the bench jeweler , often known simply as a goldsmith , is responsible for all of the main work involved in turning a raw casting into a piece of jewelry - filing it , straightening it , assembling parts or adding settings for stones , repairing any problems that might have occurred and preparing it for stonesetting and polishing .
once a father has established paternity and , if he wishes to be part of the child 's upbringing , he can effectively establish his parental rights with his child by filing a parenting plan .
the mining project is highly controversial , with friends of the earth and other environmental organizations filing reports to detail their concerns about effects on the local environment and communities .
the party appears to have ceased all activity other than annually filing the paperwork to maintain its status as a registered political party .
in 2004 , thompson helped get howard stern 's show taken off a radio station in orlando , florida by filing a complaint with the federal communications commission .
article 112a epc 2000 introduces a procedure for contesting the decisions of the boards of appeal by filing a petition for review .
in the spring of 1961 , wilson , along with some seventy other individuals , paid the $ 50 filing fee to enter the special election for the u.s. senate seat vacated by vice president of the united states lyndon baines johnson , who along with john b. connally , jr. , as u.s. secretary of the navy , had joined the new administration of john f. kennedy .
the khaatam are glued based on the plan , color , shape , dimensions and the place of application and by making different plans and making similar figures or symmetrical shapes , all the plan surface is adorned by signets which is then prepared by performing some repairments , filing , brushing and under cuttings and finally grinding and straightening of khatam surface , and then oiling and polishing by some special materials such as sealer and polister .
although congress requires the procedure to be offered to all litigants , many federal courts do not allow pro se litigants to participate even when they pay the full filing fee .
the objective of the oic program is to accept a compromise when acceptance is in the best interests of both the taxpayer and the government and promotes voluntary compliance with all future payment and filing requirements .
filing date : may 11 , 1944 .
on december 19 , 2003 the anti - corruption investigation was closed by prosecutor adrian miclescu without filing any charges .
yet a fourth round of attention may be generated when the word exploratory gets dropped from the committee filing .
this resulted in the closure of acclaim studios cheltenham and acclaim studios manchester in england and other places and their filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , leaving many employees unpaid . amongst the titles under development at the uk studios were " emergency mayhem " , and " made man " .
note that " tax exempt " also does not excuse an organization from maintaining proper records and filing any required annual or special - purpose tax returns .
during a brief stop into the office where maki is filing her incident report , kenji sets up a date with maki , and informing them of the pending case against mccoy .
deonta cummings is filing a suit against jim jones and e1 records ( formerly koch ) alleging that his artist , ivory keys , was not given proper compensation or credit for his contribution to the album " jim jones & skull gang present a tribute to bad santa starring mike epps " .
hewlett later recounted an incident in which he was called , as chief historian , to witness to opening of an old wartime filing cabinet found under a stairwell of an aec building .
" the dow chemical company - 10-k filing - 2005
it is also not known how the band 's record label spv records filing for bankruptcy will affect their releasing of further albums on spv records .
according to its terms all lawsuits between the land company and the state were to be withdrawn , the colonists were to be given new guidelines and extended time for filing their claims , and the state was to give the land company of land .
subsequent to its chapter 11 bankruptcy filing , darryl payne has apparently reacquired and fully owns classic world productions inc. and all the agreements related to its assets , which apparently includes continuing rights in the judy garland show .
