he is attributed to mysterious discovery of the famous deity of gopala near govardhana that was later worshiped by vallabhacharya , follower of vishnuswami in rudra sampradaya , who in turn was influenced by devotional mood of vrindavana .
i answered him , ' o my shaikh , i am the son of someone else and i am his follower .
she has follower powers that she inherited from her father and the powers given to her by the atrox .
though a follower of vinsfeld , his true loyalty lies in protecting his men , leading to popularity among his subordinates .
velutheri kesavan vaidyan(1839 - 1897 ) was follower and a friend sree narayana guru and malayalam poet from the state of kerala .
although the foundation aims to make christianity better known , it is not a religious body with distinctive doctrine , and so strictly speaking there is no such thing as a " follower " or " member " of " power for living " , though various christian communities do support the foundation 's activities .
the most influential follower of palladio anywhere , however , was the english inigo jones , who travelled throughout italy with the ' collector ' earl of arundel , annotating his copy of palladio 's treatise , in 1613–14 .
circe has been a devoted follower of the goddess hecate for thousands of years .
in the year of 1504 , masamoto eliminated yakushiji motoichi who was a follower of sumimoto ( whom he did not want as successor ) .
a toxic leader is someone who has responsibility over a group of people or an organization , and who abuses the leader - follower relationship by leaving the group or organization in a worse - off condition than when s / he first found them .
in early versions of the histories tolkien stated that the names of the descendants of bëor were given in sindarin , and proposed the following meanings ( for the members present at that stage ) : " bëor " ' follower , vassal ' , " bregolas " ' fierceness ' , " barahir " ' fiery lord ' , " baragund " ' fiery prince ' , " belegund " ' great prince ' , " beren " ' bold ' , and also " boromir " ' steadfast jewel ' , though the last was rather the name of bór 's son .
sheikh osseiran is a dedicated follower of grand ayatollah ali sistani .
an admitted follower of walt whitman , kinnell rejects the idea of seeking fulfillment by escaping into the imaginary world .
he was follower of buddhism .
gerardus heymans ( 17 april 1857 , ferwerderadeel – 18 february 1930 , groningen ) was a famous philosopher , psychologist , a follower of fechner 's idea of psychic monism , and from 1890 to 1927 a professor at groningen university .
the name " aldebaran " is arabic ( ' ) and translates literally as " the follower " .
elizabeth bowes ( 1502?-1568 ) was an english follower of john knox , her son - in - law .
stirner 's work made a deep impression on marx , at that time a follower of feuerbach : he abandoned feuerbachian materialism and accomplished what recent authors have denoted as an " epistemological break . "
these date back to anglo - norman times and are named after saint maurus , a follower of st. benedict .
kuroda had been a follower of yoshikazu okada and sekai mahikari bunmei kyōdan .
for instance , in the period of " new unionism " in uk working class history in 1889 , and despite the often desperate conditions of working class people of the time , will thorne , leader of the gas workers in the east end of london , and one time follower of marxist ideas , successfully won a reduction of hours from 12 hours to 8 hours , on the basis of a successful vote to strike and mass meetings preparatory to the strike .
goddard college was founded by royce stanley " tim " pitkin , a progressive educator and follower of john dewey and other , similar proponents of " educational democracy " .
keeping the follower 's weight unchanged .
three years after the death of ma mingxin , his follower tian wu started a rebellion against the imperial government ; after its defeat , the authorities remained on lookout against the spread of the " subversive " jahriyya teachings .
he is considered by the catholic church to have suffered at the hands of amalaric , who was a follower of arianism .
he became a follower of the mazdaznan movement .
despite retiring from international refereeing in 1997 he is still a keen follower of world and english football , supporting liverpool f.c. and being nicknamed toshack , after the ex - liverpool striker .
he was a corrupt man , not a follower of islam .
several key terms are relevant in such a construction of plate cams : base circle , prime circle ( with radius equal to the sum of the follower radius and the base circle radius ) , pitch curve which is the radial curve traced out by applying the radial displacements away from the prime circle across all angles , and the lobe separation angle ( lsa - the angle between two adjacent intake and exhaust cam lobes ) .
his father , a follower of bentham and an adherent of associationism , had as his explicit aim to create a genius intellect that would carry on the cause of utilitarianism and its implementation after he and bentham had died .
he is also a long time follower of meher baba .
by his early teens he had held down numerous jobs and was an ardent if not very good racehorse follower .
he was devoted follower of advaita vedanta philosophy and taught attainment of self - knowledge using jñāna yoga method ( the path of self - realisation using knowledge ) .
as of 713 , it was said that five of the seven chancellors at the time -- dou huaizhen , cen xi , xiao zhizhong , cui shi , and lu xiangxian -- were recommended by her ( although lu was not considered a follower of hers ) .
such a memory may also be the source of a description in book 6 of the stay of starcatherus , a follower of odin , in sweden .
during his stay in the field hospitals , dinter had time to get to know houston stewart chamberlain 's writings and quickly became a follower of the " völkisch " movement .
clermont is a follower of the duc de guise , a powerful nobleman — though this relationship breeds suspicion in the king , who is urged on by the political manipulator baligny .
among the most - discussed is " foundationism , " as one of babylon 5 's main characters , dr. steven franklin , is a follower of this religion .
edgcumbe was a faithful follower of sir robert walpole , in whose interests he managed the elections for the cornish boroughs , and his elevation to the peerage , which took place in 1742 , was designed to prevent him from giving evidence about walpole 's expenditure of the secret service money .
ahmed dede ( b.1960 ) is an islamic sheikh , and a follower of the sufi order of islam , who helps spread sufism and the art of sufi whirling in the united kingdom .
the transmigration of souls became a manichaean belief , and the quadripartite structure of the manichaean community , divided between male and female monks ( the ' elect ' ) and lay follower ( the ' hearers ' ) who supported them , appears to be based on that of the buddhist sangha " ( richard foltz , " religions of the silk road " ) .
it used to house the majority of industrial labour in the late 19th and early 20th century , when it was part of suur - pirkkala and its follower pohjois - pirkkala .
his father was a follower of the doctrine of allan kardec and his mother was catholic .
following a request of devotees from bhuj , swaminarayan asked his follower vaishnavananand swami to build a temple there .
another muslim author reports a conversation that took place in the eighth century between a follower of islam and the exilarch , in which the latter boasted ; " seventy generations have passed between me and king david , yet the jews still recognize the prerogatives of my royal descent , and regard it as their duty to protect me ; but you have slain the grandson [ husain ] of your prophet after one single generation " [ " ibid .
some file cabinets have a metal plate or wire structure at the back of each drawer which is known as a follower block .
a coupling lug protruding from the aperture ring operates the follower needle in the viewfinder , allowing the lens aperture to be set according to the meter reading .
grace , on the other hand , supported the monarchy and she became a devoted follower of louis xvi and his family .
not just indian gupta period but also some historical records of the greeks show existence of the bhakti tradition to krishna - vaasudeva , it needs to be noted that , even panini gives some support to the ancient root of krishna - vaasudeva bhakti - ( ' , or related to arjuna ) , its is however only much later ( 2nd century bc ) patanjali who refer in his definition of the " devotee " or " bhakta " as " the follower of vasudeva , god of gods . "
simply by moving first , the leader has accrued twice the profit of the follower .
he even was his follower at that time .
adolf furtwängler identified the obscure phradmon as a follower of polykleitos , but brunilde sismondo ridgway made a case for phradmon 's being a fourth - century sculptor , in which case , for those who are convinced , " the possibility of contemporaneity collapses and with it the entire anecdote of the contest " .
since the attacks , al - suqami and ahmed al - ghamdi have both been tied to boston cab driver nabil al - marabh , whom the fbi claimed was a saudi follower of osama bin laden , through financial records .
townshend also used an envelope follower to modulate the spectrum of his guitar on " going mobile " , giving it a distinctive squawking sound that degenerates into a bubbling noise at the end of the song .
characters portrayed were rukmini , radha , her companion suprabha , badai , kotala , narada and his follower .
craig certainly announced the discovery of logarithms to brahe in the 1590s ( the name itself came later ) ; there is a story from anthony à wood , perhaps not well substantiated , that napier had a hint from craig that longomontanus , a follower of brahe , was working in a similar direction .
in the " telauges " , socrates converses with the pythagorean ascetic telauges ( a companion of hermogenes who was callias ' half - brother and a follower of socrates ) and crito 's young son critobulus .
he was a follower of tintoretto .
she became a follower of john chrysostom and worked as a physician as well as a healer for the poor .
he became a follower of the preacher dr. danny mccain .
in the 1928 election , aged only 24 , the former parliamentary clerk of committees stood as a united party candidate and follower of sir joseph ward and was successful .
pikel is the antithesis of his brother ; his hair is dyed green , and worn braided behind his ears , and a follower of the way of the druid . ( which pikel pronounces ' doo - dad ' ) .
according to tradition , its name derives from a battle fought with five ships by aella , a follower of vortigern , against the picts and scots ( “ aella - gol ” ) .
vyasatirtha ( 1460–1539 ) , singer saint , esteemed master of religious discourse , follower of tattvavada , philosophical school of thought ( desciple of srimad ananda tîrtha ) wrote several works including " nyayamrita " , " tarkatandava " , and " chandrika " , collectively known as " vyasa - traya " .
a follower of the puritans from an early age , he emigrated to plymouth colony with his wife , children , and sister in july 1623 aboard the " anne " .
it thus became a prominent centre of the srivaishnava sect of brahmins , who obtained from the hoysala king vishnuvardhana , who had become a follower of the acharya , an assignment of the fertile tracts of land in the neighbourhood , especially of the ashta gramas , on either bank of the cauvery .
theophrastus placed a provision in his will that left the lyceum library , which at this point included both his and aristotle ’s work as well as student research , philosophical historical texts and histories of philosophy , to his supposed follower , neleus .
he was a devout follower of the upanishadic rishis , but was no pantheist on that account .
al - hawari who had started his career as a devoted follower of hajj amin , broke with the influential husayni family in the early 1940s .
yet he asserts he was never an active follower of either man . "
woodring is a follower of vedanta , and aspects of this philosophy often appear in his stories .
the leader must know " ex ante " that the follower observes his action .
he was a close associate and follower of mahatma gandhi .
blankaart was a follower of franciscus sylvius , who recommanded copious quantities of tea and coffee and worked on syphilis .
in the army , the general de bourmont , a follower of charles x who was commanding the invasion of algeria , was replaced by bertrand clauzel .
similarly a later work , " ansome is wot ansome does " shows a bespectacled hunt follower sitting still on a physically unprepossessing horse ( " ansome is - " ) , whilst the small sketch in the corner of the print shows the same horse and rider bounding effortlessly across a huge stream ( " - wot ansome does " ) .
the imaginative and anachronistic example at the top of this article is from the studio of carlo saraceni or by a close follower , ca 1610 .
the winning list of jorge arrate represented the tendency of the " socialist renewal " , follower of a permanent alliance with the christian democracy in the framework of the coalition , as he was a firm champion of the unification of the party , to the opposition of the other internal currents , more excépticas in this last matter .
in those cases , they recommend that the follower of the marja refrain from the act , in case it would indeed be haram .
after placing the new tile , the placing player may opt to station a follower piece on that tile .
165 - 77 ) , and states that equitius was a follower of saint benedict of nursia .
he was an early opponent of william of ockham , and a follower of duns scotus .
wall follower .
a follower , he went from hero to villain during the 1909 vfl season after kicking the winning goal in one game and then getting a life ban for a kicking incident later in the year .
one of these is from samuel palmer , a follower of blake , who wrote on 10 october 1827 that he wished to find a copy of the poem .
another follower , jeremiah n. reynolds apparently had an article that was published as a separate booklet in 1827 : " remarks of symmes ' theory which appeared in the american quarterly review " .
ludovici became his most important follower .
probably a son of manius aquillius consul in 129 bc , he was a loyal follower of gaius marius .
sanderson was an early follower of charles fort .
the initial melody is called the leader ( or " dux " ) , while the imitative melody , which is played in a different voice , is called the follower ( or " comes " ) .
throughout the next few years she less identified herself as a catholic and more of a follower of her studies .
he was a follower of nikolay yakovlevich marr and succeeded him as head of the soviet institute of language and thought from 1935 to 1950 .
in social dancing strongly relying on leading and following , this term means that the follower executes steps without waiting for or contrary to the lead of the leader .
ivanovskaya 's older brother , vasily ivanovsky , was a medical student who had become a follower of sergey nechayev .
but the center at wuzhou , commanded by lu 's follower chen binghun collapsed .
he was a close follower of the neo - palladian architect william kent .
eliminating bouncing will make the leader and follower appear more elegant .
other poets from this period include : paul valéry , max jacob ( a key member of the group around apollinaire ) , pierre jean jouve ( a follower of romain rolland 's " unanism " ) , valery larbaud ( a translator of whitman and friend to joyce ) , victor segalen ( friend to huysmans and claudel ) , léon - paul fargue ( who studied with stéphane mallarmé and was close to valéry and larbaud ) .
the follower uses the same footwork as the lead in this case , beginning on the left foot .
she is a follower of liverpool fc .
however , referring to satan as his follower 's father occurs in the bible ( john 8:44 . )
in a two - page letter , published posthumously by the austrian press agency the day after he died , waldheim admitted making " mistakes " ( " but these were certainly not those of a follower let alone an accomplice of a criminal regime " ) and asked his critics for forgiveness .
he became regent and professor of philosophy at the university of glasgow in 1646 , aged 19 , a follower of james dalrymple .
in the third chapel to the left , is a polychrome wooden " maddona and child " ( 1350 ) by a follower of nino , the son of andrea pisano , and frescoes of the " scenes from the life of the founder of the cistercian order " ( 1688 - 1689 ) by pier dandini .
( 7 ) pali : " maharajasa tratarasa dhramikasa stratasa " " great saviour king strato , follower of the dharma "
once there was a brahmin vedic scholar called ' kedar ' who was very orthodox , kind and religious follower .
he was a solid 101 kg follower and was a member of south 's 1933 premiership team .
it is hinted at that he is jewish , and seems to know the traditions of his people , if not an orthodox follower .
wang was also a follower of zhang 's religion , i - kuan tao .
he became a devout follower of scientology in the ' 70s .
arvoreen 's most well noted follower is perhaps mazzy fentan , of " baldur 's gate ii " fame .
dan barry of " the new york times " , writing as an old folk music follower , described how " music exploded from the stage : rock and bluegrass , jig and reel , spiritual and swing , honky - tonk and acoustic blues ... he raised his audience up with old songs and spirituals that he had infused with rocking urgency , then toyed with so that brass and guitar could harmonize , an accordionist could jam with the boss , and a tuba player could know rock - concert adulation . "
he went while very young to rome , and became a pupil of bramante , of whose style he was afterwards a close follower .
john mark , also known as " johnny , " was a dedicated follower of his father 's career , a longtime crimson tide fan , and a tour guide in the crimson tide facilities .
he himself is a great follower of this philosophy propounded by lord mahaveer and affirms that there is no problem that ca n't be resolved with the application of anekaantvad .
it was this lack of successful treatment outcomes that forced wolpe , once a dedicated follower of freud , to question psychotherapy and search for more effective treatments options .
he is a supporter of nottingham forest fc and is a former president of nottinghamshire county cricket club and a keen follower of formula one motorsport .
he is a follower of the armenian catholic church and is a arf supporter .
the grand national features in a number of his pictures , including " the grand national - the canal turn " , " a national candidate " and arguably his most famous work : a pair of pictures showing " the finest view in europe " ( picture painted from the perspective of a hunt follower , looking over the ears of his mount , with hounds running and a number of hedges to jump ) and " the worst view in europe " ( race horse and jockey are shown approaching a formidable fence in sheeting rain , with a loose horse to the subject 's right possibly about to cut him up , and the back end of a further horse which has come to grief over the fence immediately in front of the subject .
an artist , who was a follower of court painter sir peter lely , painted her portrait between 1685 and 1690 .
pierre - jean - baptiste chaussard ( 29 january 1766 , paris - 30 september 1823 ) , known as publicola chaussard , was a french writer , art critic , poet , revolutionary , politician and follower of theophilanthropy .
for light - duty applications a " bushing " type follower can be used .
when hans ulrich of schaffgotsch was arrested as a follower of wallenstein the town came under imperial custody .
moreover , ahn doo - hee was murdered by a follower of kim 's in 1996 after he allegedly confessed that kim chang - ryong ( 김창룡 ; 金昌龍 ) masterminded the assassination , thus further obscuring the prospect of finding the motive of assassination .
because of this , there exist two other sources for dharma which provide more personally applicable directions for the follower ’s lives .
meanwhile , he had given up the calvinistic views of his youth , and had become an enthusiastic follower of john henry newman .
the next me ” is about being a leader not a follower .
the sudden death of the savraner rebbe in 1838 cooled his follower 's anti - breslov ardor .
in the late 1930s , she became a follower of oswald mosley , the british fascist leader .
ibn batutah , a moroccan traveller , passing through on his way to china in 1345 and 1346 , found that the ruler of samudra was a follower of the shafi’i school of islam .
the embryos of the clones were sent to earth with langley and another follower , known later on earth as nasedo ( his antarian name is also unknown ) .
he soon became a close follower and aide to syama prasad mookerjee , the leader of the bharatiya jana sangh ( bjs ) .
in electronics , a common - drain amplifier , also known as a source follower , is one of three basic single - stage field effect transistor ( fet ) amplifier topologies , typically used as a voltage buffer .
lynfield george ott ( april 25 1926 – april 22 1998 ) , better known as lyn ott , was an american painter and a follower of meher baba .
the syracuse government had deposed daphnaeus , the unsuccessful general of the greek army at akragas , with dionysius , another officer who had been a follower of hermocrates .
sri marella rama krishna garu ( follower of sri ram sharma acharya ) ... ]
a brahma kumaris ( female ) or brahma kumar ( male ) is defined here as a follower of brahma kumaris world spiritual university ( bkwsu ) or prajapita brahma kumaris ishwariya vishwa vidyalaya .
however , " holy roller " is also more commonly used to describe any religion follower that tries to promote their religion at doorsteps or in public forums .
according to dean , matthew 's father is said to have founded the de bromale family , naming himself after the manor , and he may have been related to or a follower of the de masseys .
the legionary leader was portrayed in a poem by his follower gyr , who notably spoke of codreanu 's death as a prelude to his resurrection .
he is a follower of bohemian and rastafari movement culture by having natty dreadlock type hair .
in amalgam comics , goodness was fused with marvel comics ' agatha harkness to become granny harkness , follower of thanoseid ( thanos + darkseid ) .
his son , lewis oglethorpe , who was a keen and devoted follower of marlborough , gave up politics for the army but died of a wound in the battle of schellenberg in 1704 .
he was a loyal follower of the church of england and tried to defend its interests , including the revenue from the clergy reserves .
henry percy was originally a follower of edward iii of england , for whom he held high offices in the administration of northern england .
the magazine was also slightly modified , changing the floorplate and fitting the follower spring with a resistance insert at its base .
as he wrote in " l'homme révolté " ( in the chapter about " the thought on midday " ) he was a follower of the ancient greek ' solar tradition ' ( la " pensée solaire " ) .
maurice spector ( 1898 - august 1 , 1968 ) was the chairman of the communist party of canada for much of the 1920s and an early follower of leon trotsky after his split from the communist international .
she will be working on her ongoing collaboration with the real time musical interaction team at ircam on bowing gesture follower , the “ augmented violin system ” .
he considered himself a follower of the austrian school of economics and was best known for his newsletter , " the richebächer letter , " which at various times also circulated as " currencies & credit markets . "
the fact that the relics of the famous saint sava ( martyred by drowning in the river buzău , under athanaric on 12 april 372 ) were recovered by saint basil the great conclusively demonstrates that ( unlike bishop wulfila ) saint sava was a follower of the nicene faith , not a heresiarch like arius .
he worked ( or plotted ) in close proximity to john ii , at first as a partisan supporter of the princes of aragón , but later as a faithful follower of john ii , once he became king .
he was reportedly a follower of anwar al - awlaki .
de gaulle hoped to move france from being a follower of the united states to becoming the leading nation of a large group of non - aligned countries .
after putin became president in 2000 , kumarin sought to clean up his image via donations to charities and the russian orthodox church of which he was a devout follower as well as securing the release of two kidnapped children .
meatball - envelope filter / follower .
in 1992 , a follower shook hands with president george h.w. bush at a campaign visit to a shopping center .
the religious authorities sentenced clarenbach to death , to be burnt at the stake on 28 september 1529 outside cologne , with another follower of luther , the " blasphemer " peter fliesteden .
he refuses the urging of his follower , abner , to escape because he has fallen in love with jephtha 's daughter , iphise .
klein studied law at halle under daniel nettelbladt , a follower of christian wolff , before practising law in breslau .
in 1845 he became a follower of the tübingen school , and in his work " das evangelium marcions und das kanonische evangelium des lukas " , published in 1846 and in which he argued that the gospel of luke was based on the apocryphal gospel of marcion , he appears as a disciple of the hegelian new testament scholarferdinand baur .
an account of the 788 rebellion tells of musa ’s murder shortly thereafter at the hands of a banu husain follower , yet a “ fortun ibn musa ” is said to have been killed in his own 802 zaragoza uprising , and it has been suggested that this name may be an error for musa ibn fortun .
in 1974 , as an ardent follower of raj narain and jayaprakash narayan paswan became the general secretary of the lok dal .
occasionally visiting his parents , leforge divided his time chiefly between the crow camps and fort ellis , becoming a camp follower during hostilities with indians and closely befriending the young sioux - french guide mitch bouyer ( whose name his book spells buoyer ) .
also , the walls above the altar support a range of mosaics by f. hamilton jackson , a follower of the arts and crafts movement .
he got it , conditionally and became a monk and follower of lord buddha , then and there at thullakottit .
he was exhorted by his follower and representative maugalyayana to return , and after a long debate managed to return .
larouche follower jeffrey steinberg says there is a conspiracy by the " establishment " and the press it allegedly controls to deny larouche coverage and prevent his views becoming known .
upon arriving at the squad room , hammer discovers that perkins has released slag and his follower and is bringing them upstairs .
the last remaining follower , hedwig michael , deeded the colony to the state of florida in 1961 .
few other names of bishops of the early period are known ; but from the tenth century the list is more complete , comprising : giseprandus ( about 943 ) , who was at the same time abbot of bobbio ; ottone ( 1080 ) , a follower of the schism of emperor henry iv ; guido ( 1098 ) , who went to palestine ; bishop pietro , one of those who in 1241 were made prisoners by emperor frederick ii , while on their way to attend the council of rome .
he is best known for his work with world championship wrestling ( wcw ) as a member of 3 count , and for wwe , as a follower of mattitude in 2003 .
the terms " proposta " for the leader and " riposta " for the follower are also common terms .
a typical auto - wah circuit uses an envelope follower to produce a voltage representing the overall volume of the input .
prompted by this , the actor and dramatist emlyn williams admitted in the pages of " the times " that he too was a keen follower of the series .
his father is a reluctant follower of the popular democratic party of puerto rico ( ppd in spanish ) , while his mother is a passionate supporter of the new progressive party of puerto rico ( npp ) .
born on october 22 , 1903 , in anand , gujarat , to kishibhai patel , tribhuvadas became a follower of mahatama gandhi and vallabhai patel during the indian independence movement , and especially the civil disobedience movements , which led to his repeated imprisonment in 1930 , 1935 and 1942 .
the 2002 edition of " the world book dictionary " does not note a negative connotation of the term , defining it simply as : " a follower of sun myung moon " ; nor does the 1999 edition of the " webster 's ii new college dictionary " , which defines the term as " a member of the unification church established and headed by sun myung moon .
the comte de boulainviller was no blind follower of descartes ; he knew how to make use of his method , but he could equally well criticise him on metaphysical points .
monks , a lay follower should not engage in five types of business .
in february 1938 , after anthony eden resigned as foreign secretary from neville chamberlain over the conduct of foreign policy , tree himself became a follower of eden , known then as the " glamour boys , " a pejorative term used by the conservative party whips ' office , headed by david margesson .
like millions of other people in russia he was radicalized by the war and became a follower of lenin .
the follower can be described as a cautious driver .
at the age of twenty he went to berlin , where he received instruction from isaac satanow , who was a follower of moses mendelssohn .
abd - al - wahhab was a follower of ahmad ibn hanbal 's school of fiqh ( islamic jurisprudence ) like most in nejd at the time , but " was opposed to any of the schools ( madh'hab ) being taken as an absolute and unquestioned authority " .
as a follower of the path of german neo - orthodoxy , rabbi jung was originally able to span the gamut from haredi judaism to the more traditional wing of conservative judaism .
another follower , connected to the feed , simultaneously rides the other cam track to move the feed for forward and reverse stitches as required by the design .
shri samartha sadaguru bhausaheb maharaj deshpande , was an ardent follower and a devoted disciple of shri gurulingajangam maharaj who was initiated by shri raghunathpriya sadhu maharaj .
in 1979 , he became a legal advisor to prime minister francisco sá carneiro , and has presented himself as a follower of his for all his political life .
stalin was one of the bolsheviks ' chief operatives in the caucasus and grew very close to lenin , who saw him as a capable and loyal follower .
such men include gregory choniades , who later with his follower george chrysokokkes , acquainted themselves with this oriental science .
when entering an order the follower is given special prayers and exercises specific to his / her tariqa which are performed independently .
rogers , an african american , is a follower of lyndon larouche and his larouche movement .
it is mentioned in some books in above library , that baba rupen shah was from sengar rajput sept , but later on he became a follower of islamic faith , but both hindu and muslims pay equal respect and tributes to rupen baba and is honourable to both .
as an alternative to a school - sponsored day of silence supporting homosexuality , conservative christians organized a golden rule initiative , where they passed out cards saying " as a follower of christ , i believe that all people are created in the image of god and therefore deserve love and respect . "
but despite her outward shows of goodwill , the new sorceress is very much a follower of the ancient one 's teachings .
the general gao huan , who had been a follower of erzhu rong , believed that the erzhus could be overthrown , and rebelled in summer 531 .
follower ( short story ) .
only a smartha , or follower of the advaita philosophy , would have no problem worshiping every imaginable deity with equal veneration ; as the view is that all names and forms of deities are merely manifestations of the same god .
more a follower of anthony eden in this regard than of winston churchill , he nevertheless was a friend ( though not an intimate ) of churchill , and often supported his efforts in the commons to stiffen british resolve and support rearmament .
the meaning of the name is a " devoted to , " " dedicated to , or " follower of demeter " [ dêmêtêr - δημητηρ or demetra ] , " mother - earth " , the greek goddess of agriculture ) .
sharane sri danamma devi was a follower of jagajyothi basavanna , the 12th century founder of the basava dharma , practised by the lingayat community .
former president of south africa nelson mandela is a follower of gandhi , despite efforts in 2003 on the part of gandhi 's critics to prevent the unveiling of a statue of gandhi in johannesburg .
susanne katherina langer ( née knauth ) ( 1895 - 1985 ) was an american philosopher of art , a follower of ernst cassirer .
he became a follower of mohammed ahmed " the mahdi " in 1880 and named khalifa by the mahdi in 1881 and became one of his chief lieutenants .
a follower , he was often seen in the back pocket when not rucking .
jasmine tells a follower to tell the media that she ’ll be down soon ; wesley realizes that she ’s about to beam out her “ love ” to everyone .
he was also a close follower of meher baba .
though asoka succeeded in occupying kalinga but he could not the bear the horrendous slaughter caused by the war and therefore took up the path of non - violence and become the follower of buddhism .
he was the follower of the work already performed by jeronim de rada .
he is a keen follower of boxing and is a staff writer for leading boxing website www.secondsout.com
although he ended human sacrifice , kamehameha was to the last a follower of the hawaiian religion and hawaiian traditions ( such as lua ) .
he was attracted by thanthai periyar and became his follower by joining dravidar kazhagam ( dk known as justice party till 1944 ) .
in 1960 mason remey claimed to be the guardian to succeed shoghi effendi , resulting in his , and all his follower 's expulsion from the bahá'í community .
most often it is the follower 's step .
he is a keen follower of association football , and was on the board of directors at portsmouth fc for a number of years .
upon his return to japan , he became a follower of nichiren buddhism , a conversion led him to relocate to miho , shizuoka prefecture , in order to study under the nichiren scholar and nationalist preacher chigaku tanaka at his " kokuchukai " academy .
innaiah 's father , narisetti rajaiah , a village leader and follower of n.g. ranga , died in 1959 .
his father gao shigui ( 高市貴 ) was a follower of gao huan , the paramount general of eastern wei , the predecessor state of northern qi , and whose sons eventually became emperors of northern qi .
he migrated to syria , attracted by the lectures of iamblichus , of whom he became a follower .
jones sent a preacher that had become a follower in brazil back to indiana to help stabilize the temple .
she has become a devoted follower of harley reagan and has a lot of praise for the " q " workshops .
as a young man he was identified as a follower of erasmus , who at this period was constructing his " editio princeps " of the new testament in greek ( basle , 1516 ) .
the same writing proves that amoghavarsha i was a follower of the " digambara " branch of jainism .
libra , a follower of the intergang " religion of crime " and secretly an agent of darkseid , lead the secret society as darkseid 's ground troops as part of final crisis .
he employed something he ironically called the " deus ex machina " in conjunction with his follower , the gamma - enhanced reverend nicknamed soul man , who falsely believed himself to have been blessed by god with spiritual power , rather than given nearly godlike abilities by the leader , in an effort to revive marlo and siphon off soul man 's power for himself .
in an interview with the associated press , vice president of food & beverage at cinemark , argued that ceo alan stock ’s monetary donation in support of the proposition 8 campaign was actually a personal decision that reflected stock ’s personal values as a follower of the mormon faith .
rabbi avraham had been a chassid of the kotzker rebbe and a student of the chiddushei harim , and was now a follower of the sfas emes of gur .
the follower then steps forward on 5 - 6 , and turns on 7 - 8 , while the leader makes another 90 degrees counter - clockwise .
however , when the plan is about to succeed , the follower decides to abrupt it , seeing a hindu boy walk towards it .
he was a follower of the naqshbandi sufi order .
jesus was apparently a follower of john , a populist and activist prophet who looked forward to divine deliverance of the jewish homeland from the romans .
the leader rocks back on his left foot , the follower on her right , for one beat .
he was a strong follower of dr .
kaleb then appointed his christian south arabian follower sumuafa ' ashawa ' to rule yemen as his viceroy .
rabbi chaim volozhin was the chief follower and disciple of the vilna gaon and founded a yeshiva in volozhin - often referred to as the " mother of the yeshivas " - to which most litvish ( " lithuanian " ) yeshivas can be traced .
the name is commonly interpreted as a theophoric name referring to the god marduk with the understanding that it means " [ servant / follower / devotee ] of marduk " in aramaic .
this book , which is based on collins ' actual papers and letters ( as well as his fbi file ) , argues that collins was in fact a distributist , i.e. , a follower of g. k. chesterton and hilaire belloc , who inexplicably called agrarianism " fascism . "
a heavy pa presence at manasreh 's funeral led to speculation that the pa was trying to undermine hamas by splitting its follower base through such action .
but life as a camp follower waiting for war may well be something that not even firethorn can survive ...
the relationship of a follower to the sheikh is like that of an apprentice to his master and should be characterized by obedience and devotion .
the leader considers what the best response of the follower is , i.e. how it " will " respond once it has observed the quantity of the leader .
his father was from the town of yecla and a militant in the conservative party ; he practiced law in monóvar and was from a middle - class traditional family ( he later became mayor , representative and follower of romero robledo ) .
david croly was a follower of auguste comte and discouraged herbert from studying theology and philosophers that did not agree with comte .
as a devout follower of yevon 's teachings , wakka believes that anyone who does n't believe in yevon , like the al bhed , are evil heathens , and is staunchly against the use of machina , though he also develops a more personal grudge against both for the roles they played in yuna 's kidnappings during the pilgrimage .
she is a follower of indian guru meher baba .
premchand roychand 's mother was blind and as a staunch follower of jain religion she was supposed to consume her dinner before evening .
vimaladitya even became a declared follower of the doctrine of mahavira .
since in these dances the follower 's right arm is normally used to lead a turn ( most commonly by the leader 's left arm , but sometimes by the leader 's right arm when a cross - hand or " handshake " position is used ) , an inside turn is normally a left ( counter - clockwise ) turn , while an outside turn is a right ( clockwise ) turn .
lukyanenko himself said that his work has been heavily influenced by that of robert a. heinlein , the strugatsky brothers , and vladislav krapivin , and that he hopes to be remembered as a literary follower of the strugatsky brothers .
wills is the consummate english gentleman and faithful follower to the end .
in this work he argued that jesus began as a follower of john the baptist and was a prophet of the restoration of israel .
the follower steps backwards on his / her right .
dan tobin of " the boston phoenix " described beavis as " the sidekick and follower " who developed into " more of a loose cannon . "
he was very prominent personality and loyal follower of bapa naidou .
