with ufo 's north american tour postponed until autumn 2004 , jason bonham filled the summer break by touring the united states as a member of aor veterans foreigner .
stevens additionally named the album " foreigner " , because he took up residency in brazil as a tax exile .
performers included ted nugent , aerosmith , santana , dave mason , foreigner , heart , bob welch , stevie nicks and mick fleetwood , frank marino & mahogany rush and rubicon .
foreigner joined def leppard along with styx on tour in 2007 .
serbian media reported that one foreigner ( along with local staff ) had been killed , whereas albanian media said that some internationals had been wounded alongside local police .
obroni ( or oburoni ) is a word used in ghana which generally means ' white ' people / person or foreigner .
after starting in norway with hamarkameratene and lillestrøm s.k. and spending four seasons in the austrian bundesliga with sk rapid wien - where he became only the second foreigner to be player of the year in 1990 , fjørtoft spent several seasons in england during the 1990s .
as his mother continues to struggle with the merchant , kagenobu picks up the falling hairpin , and filled with anger and hatred for the foreigner he raises the hairpin and charges the man stabbing him through his throat instantly killing him before his mother ’s eyes .
the tragically hip , good charlotte , the planet smashers , heart , joe cocker , simple plan , roger hodgson , cheap trick , foreigner , sum 41 , pennywise , bad religion , joan jett , violent femmes , sam roberts , finger eleven , shinedown , the trews , our lady peace , bto , three doors down , the tea party , moist , creedence clearwater revisited , nickelback , april wine , éric lapointe , jean leloup , richard desjardins , daniel bélanger , les colocs , zachary richard , les cowboys fringants
the album is a collection of cover versions of ' 60s , ' 70s , and ' 80s r&b songs ( with the exception of the rolling stones ' " miss you " and foreigner 's
by definition , a " foreigner " is someone who does not have french nationality .
schiff was the first foreigner to have been personally awarded the order by emperor meiji in the imperial palace .
" double vision " is a single by foreigner from their second album of the same name .
the follow - up to their multi - platinum selling " all the right reasons " ( 2005 ) , it was co - produced by the band and grammy award - winning producer and songwriter robert john " mutt " lange , famous for working with such acts as foreigner , dc , bryan adams , def leppard and shania twain .
in 1957 she became the first foreigner selected to participate in utakai hajime , the imperial new year ’s poetry reading of japan .
this , together with despot 's decision to marry another foreigner ( a pole ) , new and increased taxes and the omnipotence of his foreign retinue led to a boyar conspiracy instigated by high dignitary ( " hatman " ) ştefan tomşa .
several famous artists that have played at the venue include nine inch nails , korn , journey , foreigner , maná , marilyn manson , godsmack , rammstein , and slayer .
unusually for a foreigner he has been awarded the freedom of the city of edinburgh .
woland is the mysterious foreigner and professor whose visit to moscow sets the plot rolling and turns the world upside - down .
" gai - jin " ( japanese , " foreigner " ) is a 1993 novel by james clavell , chronologically the third book in his asian saga , although it was the last to be published .
ironically because he was a jew and a foreigner .
he has the most home runs for a foreigner with the softbank hawks .
in " foreigner " , it is decided to end the tradition of killing hatchlings and instead just not allowing seven out of the eight eggs to hatch .
ajami 's most recent book : " the foreigner 's gift : the americans , the arabs and the iraqis in iraq " ( 2006 ) , is about the american liberation of iraq .
sent to the la frachette camp near rome by the italians , who had declared him an " undesirable foreigner " , lauterbacher still managed to flee a few months later , in december 1950 , to argentina .
mano suggests mrs neal , because a foreigner will be less problems later .
he was also elected as the chief of tol within the chuukese community , and was the first known foreigner to be elected to a political position in traditional micronesian society .
the naturalisation of a chinese born rikishi , ryutei , opened up another spot in the heya for a foreigner , and a mongolian rikishi was recruited in march 2010 .
this brought him to the attention of the colonial government , which was suspicious of the motives of a foreigner making this proposal .
in the same speech , medea talks of her status as ' a foreigner [ falling ] in the city [ 's ways ] ' and , on being married , ' we come to new behaviour , new customs ' .
zarqawi has taken to taunting the american occupiers about the irony of the term : " who is the foreigner , o cross worshippers ?
for these reasons , it has become the instrument of choice for accompanying most north indian classical vocal genres , though it is still despised as a foreigner by many connoisseurs of indian music , who prefer the sarangi as an accompanying instrument for khyal singing .
before i let you go " ( feat . ) a hit from her label - mates freestyle , " you do n't know me " by ray charles , the operatic " light of million mornings " and the third single of the album , foreigner 's " i want to know what love is " which became a big hit .
a sign held by a protester outside the kwik - e - mart says " the only good foreigner is rod stewart ! " , in reference to the british singer rod stewart .
zainichi ( 在日 ) is a japanese term meaning " ( foreigner ) residing in japan , " used often to point out zainichi koreans .
now , even a foreigner such as cyrus the persian could serve as the lord 's anointed ( isaiah 44:28 , 45:1 ) .
by law , a foreigner in korea is only permitted to perform on three television stations .
as smith was the first foreigner to come to japan with the intention of translating and selling manga in america , he was given many opportunities to meet with curious publishers and professionals , once again a tremendous stroke of luck that allowed him to quickly arrange for several licenses .
the foreigner has no superhuman abilities .
" love has taken its toll " is the fourth single taken from the band , foreigner 's sophomore release .
virtually all modern tax treaties use pe as the main instrument to establish taxing jurisdiction over a foreigner 's unincorporated business activities .
the change in musical direction was closer to the sound of 1980s bands loverboy or foreigner than kansas ' earlier work .
the next day , kagenobu and sasaki host the visiting foreigner and his daughter , her named eliza martinez and her father is simply referred to as martinez .
he was arrested and tortured by the police , as he did not carry , on purpose , any papers on him that could identify him as a foreigner .
sheldon went on to perform with warren zevon , lou gramm of foreigner and delbert mcclinton .
he was the first foreigner to win the tour de france in 1909 , and his record of winning 5 consecutive stages still stands .
in 2004 , don was asked to join his former black sheep bandmate ( and former foreigner frontman ) lou gramm in his new lou gramm band , which also included another black sheep alumnus , bruce turgon .
the term pākehā is also sometimes used among new zealanders of european ancestry in distinction to the māori term tauiwi ( foreigner ) , as an act of emphasising their claims of belonging to the space of new zealand in contrast to more recent arrivals .
eventually , the british - american band foreigner displaced the song at # 1 in the uk with their rock ballad " i want to know what love is " at the beginning of 1985 .
edward lehman was the first foreigner to manage a chinese law firm , and as of 2009 he remains the longest - serving managing director of any chinese law firm .
upon pigneau 's death , gia long 's funeral oration described the frenchman as " the most illustrious foreigner ever to appear at the court of cochinchina " .
the foreigner series opens with the failure of a starship .
scocco was also nominated super league greece foreigner of the year in 2010 .
any visiting foreigner , especially an englishman , was regarded as a special trophy and added social prestige .
portland had been loaded with gifts , and this , together with the jealousy felt for him as a foreigner , made him very unpopular in england .
he was reputedly raised in cuzco and had an accent when he spoke his native language , therefore he was named the " foreigner chief " .
often " samples " consist of one part of a song , such as a break , used in another , for instance the use of the drum introduction from led zeppelin 's " when the levee breaks " in songs by the beastie boys , dr. dre , eminem , mike oldfield , rob dougan , coldcut , depeche mode and erasure , and the guitar riffs from foreigner 's " hot blooded " in tone - loc 's " funky cold medina " .
his first signing , howard jones , sold 4 million records whilst us artists such as prince , foreigner , zz top and madonna went very swiftly from languishing artists to spearheading the warner recovery .
on a world populated by aliens , he is a foreigner , deformed by the horrors of his youth and hurt by those who should have been his protectors .
zara stores are company - owned , except where local legislation forbids foreigner - owned businesses .
it is notable as foreigner 's first single , and became a big hit peaking at number 4 on the billboard hot 100 charts .
the band toured extensively in the united states , europe and japan as an opening act for foreigner , dio , krokus and others .
douglas was the first foreigner and also the first non - royal to be granted ducal status in france .
the foreigner invests , generates employment and income , and injects hard currencies , such as the euro and the dollar , into the local economy , adding that rio grande do norte created around 120 thousand direct jobs during the period and did around us$ 416 million in business .
in 2004 , he was appointed as the first foreigner to coach a domestic indian cricket team , coaching punjab , in the ranji trophy .
pilson is currently the bassist for foreigner .
he has directed extensively with productions of " the foreigner " , " the gig " , " ai n't misbehavin , "
there followed a major senate debate , during which urechia stood out for his repeated criticism of his former competitor , likening him to a trojan horse and demanding from fellow parliamentarians not to let " a foreigner " slide into " the romanian citadel " ( statements to which many responded with applause ) .
in one case a foreigner who spent 5 months in the uk was held not uk resident .
for example walcott - serf or foreigner 's cottage
he was the first foreigner to score a goal for legia warszawa .
not understanding the significance of the stool , hodgson clearly had no inkling of the storm his words would produce ; the suggestion that he , a foreigner , should sit on the golden stool , the very embodiment of the ashanti state , and very symbol of the ashanti peoples , living , dead , and yet to be born , was far too disrespectful for the crowd .
the book won glick and roca the serra d’or prize for the best book on catalonia by a foreigner in 1987 .
in 2001 , jones formed a new band ; over several months , the line - up solidified to include rick wills ( peter frampton , foreigner , small faces , roxy music , bryan ferry , david gilmour ) , and robert hart ( bad company ) .
consumed by a sense of incongruence – as the artist early became orphan of a mixed couple – benhelima embarked in a nine - year ( 1990 - 1999 ) photographic research on the feeling of being a foreigner , which later resulted in the tough yet poetic book , ( 2003 ) .
by far the most significant session relationship for thomas in the early days was when he contributed the signature synthesizer sound on the track " urgent " on foreigner 's 1981 album " 4 " .
bob christo was limited to the role of a foreigner who acted as a henchman or the villains sidekick or a british officer in period films .
in 1995 , edson tavares to become the coach who heads the foreigner 's first viet nam and immediately bring success to the football viet nam through the game at doc lap cup 1995 .
on 16 july 2007 , he was appointed as coach of the pakistan cricket team for two years , becoming the third foreigner to take on the role .
many region names ( and some place names ) in europe derive from the original germanic word for stranger or foreigner , rendered as " wal " or " gal " ( and variations ) .
extended versions ( foreigner album ) .
after his parents broke up , his mother married foreigner guitarist mick jones , which contributed to a childhood surrounded by music .
the solingen arson attack of 1993 was one of the most severe instances of anti - foreigner violence in modern germany .
stronger teams , larger crowds and players such neco ( corinthians ) and friedenreich ( paulistano ) contributed to the " footballmania " that converted football from " foreigner 's fun " to brazil 's most popular sport .
the target was killed in berlin , by the foreigner 's men , assigned by macendale , who was following the orders of richard fisk aka the rose .
taking sasaki up on his pledge in removing the foreign infection , the two men leave to greet the foreigner .
the leaders did not believe a foreigner should serve at such a high post in government .
jones is the only person to play on every foreigner album .
the creation of the award was a way to honor those who have made valuable contributions to albania or to the albanian people , irrespective of whether they were performed by a citizen or a foreigner .
alan greenwood ( b. new york , october 20 , 1951 ) was a founding member and keyboardist of the american rock band , foreigner from 1976 to 1980 .
this drama consisted of scenes which focus on the experiences of a young man named yan ( played by nick muhrin ) , a foreigner living and working in japan .
a foreigner in france without a passport effectively became a stateless person and subject to official harassment , internment and possible expulsion .
first foreigner member of bunkyo - ku judo renmei .
the lord chamberlain , who regarded him as an undesirable foreigner , made him struggle to get a licence to perform .
player hit the road in the spring of 1998 with a lineup of beckett , moss , sciuto , drummond , guitarist steve farris ( formerly of mr. mister ) and percussionist ron green --- with guitarist dave amato ( from reo speedwagon ) and drummer ron wikso ( formerly of foreigner ) filling in as needed , depending on the schedules of the others .
as well as daltrey and desmond , the lineup has also included robert plant , lulu , steve harley , guitarists russ ballard ( of argent ) and rick wills ( of foreigner and bad company ) , keyboardist steve smith and organist zoot money .
" grace and the bigger picture " is the second album by british band johnny foreigner and was released on best before records on october 26 2009 .
winner : " i want to know what love is " , foreigner
the performance billed as " foreigner " was in fact only mick jones performing " i want to know what love is " with the rhythm kings as the backing band .
" the foreigner " is a crime thriller and debut novel by author francie lin .
several instances of anti - foreigner violence preceded the solingen attack .
in late 1987 foreigner released " inside information " , spawning hits such as " say you will " and " i do n't want to live without you " .
one of stojković 's first orders of business ahead of the 2005 - 06 season was firing the head coach he inherited , ratko dostanić , and bringing walter zenga who thus became the first foreigner ever to coach red star .
he has recorded / performed with members of foreigner , deep purple , david lee roth , dio , ozzy , elton john , rainbow , journey , korn , dream theater , whitesnake , night ranger , heart , judas priest , guns'n'roses , rough cutt , john norum , sweet , jeff scott soto , the beach boys , blue murder , steve vai , george lynch , vixen , berlin , buddy guy , chaka kahn , tony mcalpine , paul rodgers , saga etc .
his third example is of a foreigner being shown a cricket match .
on may 23 , 1952 , in a foreign affairs committee meeting held in the house of representatives , ishihara , vice - minister of foreigner affairs acknowledged mofa 's intention regarding the designation of liancourt rocks as bombing range for occupation forces in response to a question raised by yamamoto , a diet member from the shimane constituency : " [ to ] help japan get confirmation of its territorial sovereignty over the island . "
this song contains samples from six songs , " honky tonk women " by the rolling stones , " hot blooded " by foreigner ( whose guitar riff dominates the song ) , " christine sixteen " by kiss , " all right now " by free , " you ai n't seen nothing yet " by bachman - turner overdrive , and the introduction to " get off your ass and jam " by funkadelic ( from which the drum break during the song 's bridge is derived ) .
she is a foreigner from an unknown country , trained by her stepmother in ritenkyo in the ways of assassin .
a young woman who is a neighbour , caryl sheppard , arrives to play bridge and flora teases her over her fascination for a recent arrival in the village – a foreigner who caryl thinks is called m. porrott , but flora reveals that her uncle has told her that he in fact is m. hercule poirot , the famous french detective .
foreigner - reporting website and hotline .
the double pun is that gaijin is a japanese word meaning foreigner or outsider .
holliday was a featured vocalist on the # 1 single " i want to know what love is " by foreigner in 1985 .
the term can be applied to someone who is actually a foreigner , or it can denote a strong association or assimilation into foreign ( particularly us ) society and culture .
" cold as ice " is a 1977 song by british - american rock band foreigner from their self - titled debut album .
for example , ireton asked whether the phrase in the agreement " according to the number of the inhabitants " gave a foreigner just arrived in england and resident in a property the right to vote .
it was written by mick jones and released in 1977 from the band 's debut album , " foreigner " .
his memoir , born a foreigner - a memoir of the american presence in east asia , was published in 1999 .
they then run into a pack of mouses who are entertained and curious about the foreigner .
yes , peter frampton , survivor , and ian mcdonald ( of king crimson and foreigner fame ) .
blandón was not a u.s. citizen / national , and is the only known foreigner not to be deported following conviction on drug trafficking charges in u.s. history .
with the retained serenity of an asleep volcano which threatens to awake at any moment , and helped by the mystery and awe suggested by a foreigner who dominates the arts of local exchange , the ‘ unexpected one’ ( rimbaud ) evokes respect among merchants and smugglers , rough folks who could murder him at any moment and nevertheless accept his arduous and astute negotiation techniques .
but is there any sense in beating up a foreigner ?
this revelation , coupled with ned 's murder by the foreigner , sent brant over the edge into insanity .
for example , with the release of the first turkish rap single , ' bir yabancının hayati ' or ' the life of the stranger " , the record discussed themes of identity and the life of a foreigner in germany .
in the 1850s , prentice editorialized in support of the know - nothing party and the pro - slavery , anti - catholic and anti - foreigner movement that reached a hysterical level in the 1850s in many parts of the nation .
jacky fisher never gave any credit to cuniberti , or to any foreigner .
earlier they were called myedu kala or kala pyo.(kala = foreigner ; pyo = young.)3000 muslims from arakan took refuge under sa nay min gyi king 1698 - 1714 .
he is the third foreigner and the first non - head - of - state to have addressed a joint session of the united states congress ( 15 november 1989 ) .
as a foreigner he could not apply for any of the french military academies , and he lacked the funds to study engineering .
in a ceremony of the imperial era , a lictor commands the ritual expulsion of " the foreigner , the chained prisoner , the woman , the young girl ! "
any non - eu foreigner who wants to take advantage of the new legislation must also sign an oath of allegiance to the belgian constitution , formally agree to respect the country ’s laws and sign the european convention on human rights .
the arc must be surrendered when the foreigner leaves japan unless they have a valid re - entry permit in their passport .
he won many prizes , including an oscar for best animated short in 1961 for " surogat " ( " ersatz " ) , being the first foreigner to do so .
the foreigner 's real name and origin have yet to be revealed and although he speaks with a british accent , he may not be british .
foreigner ( cat stevens album ) .
at the close of the subic rape trial in december 2006 , ms. pulido was again running in her effort to deliver the latest on the convicted us marine as he was brought to the detention center , amid pressure from the foreigner ’s security escorts .
but if a person or firm has used the invention or discovery in iran — wholly or partially — prior to the foreigner ’s application or has made preparations to exploit the same , the foreign patentee will not have the right to stop the operation of said person or firm .
foreigner ( robert j. sawyer ) .
funding for fieldwork dried up and he instantly became a foreigner in the new state of tajikistan at a time when ethnic russians were fleeing central asia in mass .
his career as a remixer and producer led him to work or collaborate with many more mainstream artists , such as eurythmics , diana ross , u2 , kraftwerk , mick jagger , ashford & simpson , the cure , midnight oil , jimmy cliff , foreigner , jean michel jarre , jan hammer , the fatback band , bunny wailer , the smiths , pet shop boys , cabaret voltaire , and culminated in his involvement in mixing all of kraftwerk 's 1986 studio album , " electric café " .
it also stated : " although there is no other nationality in this land except serb nationality and no other religion except eastern orthodoxy , each foreigner and each person of different faith can live here and enjoy the same freedom and the same domestic right as montenegrin or highlander . "
noor mohammed 's african appearance often led people around him to assume he was a foreigner ; he describes being asked frequently where he was from and why he spoke urdu so well .
convinced that the foreigner is not ascanio , silvia runs off declaring she will never marry anyone else .
the assembly had at least four functions ; it made executive pronouncements ( decrees , such as deciding to go to war or granting citizenship to a foreigner ) ; it elected some officials ; it legislated ; and it tried political crimes .
legislation on euthanasia in switzerland states that deadly drugs may be prescribed to a swiss person or to a foreigner , where the recipient takes an active role in the drug administration .
lloyd has since recorded several solo albums and done studio work for foreigner , fotomaker , and peter frampton .
a copy of your passport if you are a foreigner .
this time , birkirkara managed to sign debbie pisani of lija as the team also featured its first foreigner , tiina karsikas from finland .
the king then reputedly said : " you prefer to be the slave of a foreigner than serve the king of your own race " , and ordered his execution .
umberto was relatively well - received by the people from the moment of his crowning , even if his wife ( a foreigner ) was kept at some distance .
a few showed no gratitude , thinking that they have rendered a service in allowing a foreigner to treat them .
micki is still somewhat skeptical about liam , since liam is essentially a foreigner in his home country and has never visited and knows little about his homeland .
was the foreign relations policy of japan under which no foreigner could enter nor could any japanese leave the country on penalty of death .
anti - foreigner laws .
a foreigner , called shiketa , whom the kuitan met at a dinner was brought in to the agency office .
he went on to say that " the album 's 11 tracks pulse with the same familiar combination of catchy choruses , muscular guitar riffs , anthemic synthesizer melodies , and sparkling clean production values that original genre purveyors like journey , reo speedwagon , and foreigner ( to name but a few ) ruled the airwaves with in the early ' 80s , but which haven't really dented the american charts since giant 's early-'90s attempts . "
in 2008 he became the second foreigner that ever won the annual league mvp award established by the sport newspaper " komanda " , the other one was the former captain of fc dynamo kyiv valiantsin belkevich from belarus .
. i must write these people so that they will see and be ashamed : a foreigner is doing more for the philippines than a filipino himself ...
as solange is on her way to pick up her younger brother boubou from school , she happens to bump into a charming foreigner , who turns out to be andy miller .
since he was invited by yamanashi prefecture in july 2007 , he has been serving as the only foreigner committee member for the prefecture 's travel roundtable panel .
other qualifications are that they be born in lawful wedlock , be an orthodox christian , and not be married to a foreigner or against consent of the imperial family .
in 1795 , captain william brown of great britain was the first foreigner to sail into what is now honolulu harbor .
regarding the religious system on the rogue aristoi 's planet : " i 'm a foreigner , " he said . "
supporters of phetracha 's actions have depicted phaulkon as an opportunistic foreigner who sought to use his influence to control of the kingdom on behalf of western interests .
three judges , two male and one female and two natives in malaysia and one foreigner ( as in the format for american idol where there are two american judges and one british judge ) in malaysian idol , two malaysian judges and one new zealander judge that judge the competition .
in 2007 , 40,272 international marriages between a japanese national and foreigner occurred , representing 5.6%% of total marriage ( 719,822 ) .
due to agreement with other countries , if you 're foreigner , you 'll pay also extra cost for locating you in your country .
the physician who performed the autopsy wrote simply " general congestion in all systems ; " when interviewed later he stated that he was unable to give an accurate report , because cassady was a foreigner and there were drugs involved . '
the main characters of the tale are bayad , a merchant 's son and a foreigner from damascus , and riyad , a well educated girl in the court of an unnamed hajib ( vizier or minister ) of al - andalus which is referred to as the lady .
the name clonegal comes from the irish " cluain na ngall " or meadow of the foreigner .
women of japan , my first group of clothed portraits , had me grappling with all the issues from the previous two suites , from the position of a foreigner , and included the additional complex issues of japanese identity . "
the album features multi - instrumentalist jeff pilson ( formerly of dokken ) on bass duties ; however , because of prior obligations with foreigner , he was only available for the recording sessions , and so was replaced by rudy sarzo .
the minister ’s comments were reported in the malaysian media and they caused still more anger among malaysians annoyed that apparently a foreigner can comment on how malaysia is run but malaysians can not .
darkhawk then battled assassins from the foreigner 's 1400 club .
against a foreigner , the right of property is valid forever .
in 1967 articles 10 and 26 were integrated by a constitutional provision which established that their last paragraphs ( which forbid the extradition of a foreigner for political offences ) do not apply in case of crimes of genocide .
at first , there was heated debate about the necessity of bringing in a foreigner to run such an important railway ; however , henry soon proved himself competent and well liked .
" foreigner " is an album released by english singer - songwriter , cat stevens in july 1973 .
the word " welsh " originates from word , which is old english for " foreigner " .
tony platt is a music producer / engineer best known for his work with a diverse mix of artists including dc , bob marley , iron maiden , buddy guy , foreigner , sparks , jazz jamaica
he played the 1993 - 1994 season with carmelita before the second biggest club in costa rica signed him to one of the most lucritive contracts of any foreigner .
robert goren after nichols suspects a foreigner may have sent a written message to " the new york times " due to the " not very good english " in which it is composed .
for this album , he wanted a new sound , and worked with mick jones of foreigner fame .
the hard - working midfielder from zaire has the most a ' ethniki appearances of any foreigner player in club history with 161 , and his 12 goals are 3rd - best among foreign players .
russians therefore considered him a foreigner .
while all forms of the word mean " foreigner " or " outsider " , in practice " gaikokujin " and " gaijin " are commonly used to refer to racially non - japanese groups , principally caucasians .
films such as " bidesiya " ( " foreigner " , 1963 , directed by s. n. tripathi ) and " ganga " ( " ganges " , 1965 , directed by kundan kumar ) were profitable and popular , but in general bhojpuri films were not commonly produced in the 1960s and 1970s .
for the foreigner , there are currency exchange houses and a convention & visitors bureau .
however , once kagenobu accepts foreigner eliza martinez into the school sasaki begins to delve deeper into his resentment of kagenobu and begins to see him as a betrayer to the cause and purpose and eventually leads the hand into turning against him and eliza .
suzuki and ricky marvin are the first japanese - foreigner ( and japanese - mexican ) combo to win the ghc junior heavyweight tag team championship and the first to win a japanese tag team title since kendo kashin and dr. wagner , jr. 's iwgp junior heavyweight tag team championship in 1999 .
he is the only foreigner to receive this honorary award .
as only six of the fifteen letters sent were published , peyret collected them into " letters on the intervention against the province of entre ríos " , which he published under the pseudonym " a foreigner " .
this is best demonstrated in both the " chanur " and " foreigner " series .
seeing their proprietary god on a reef with dick ( a foreigner ) nearby , they attack him .
according to human rights watch , some of the ossetian residents they interviewed justified the torching and looting of the georgian villages by referring to " thousands of civilian casualties in south ossetia , " as reported by russian federal tv channels .. stan storimans , a dutch journalist , was the only foreigner killed in the conflict .
the cable act had additional limitations , since a woman could keep her us citizenship if she stayed within the united states , but if she married a foreigner and lived on foreign soil for as much as two years , she could still lose her right to american nationality .
lister often fought as a kid , mostly due to a combination of being the " new kid " , a foreigner , and being small for his age .
the modern chinese character 夷 for " yi " " barbarian ; foreigner ; etc . " combines " da " 大 " big " and " gong " 弓 " bow " .
( hawaiian , pronounced : how - leh ) a universal term for foreigner , can be used for people , plants or animals that are non - hawaiian in origin .
fawaz gerges , a professor of middle eastern politics at the london school of economics , said that it would be extremely difficult for a foreigner to acquire the necessary cultural assimilation to gain access in the tribal region .
dozier was the first american general to be kidnapped by terrorists and the first foreigner kidnapped by the red brigades .
it is not known who was the author of this piece , nor if it is of spanish origin or came from a foreigner , although it is probable that it originally belonged to the spanish academy of mathematics ( which was created by philip ii ) or was a gift from the prince of wales .
idier wahid taysir hayb ( or al - heib ) , whose sister amira al hayb is the first female bedouin soldier in the idf , claimed , he had shot at a man in military fatigues although photographic evidence clearly showed hurndall was wearing a bright orange jacket denoting he was a foreigner .
the foreigner ( novel ) .
the foreigner – by larry shue
once , a foreigner asked a woman with a cleft what the place was called .
ptolemy - el - garib ( arabic , more correctly " al - gharīb " , " ptolemy the foreigner , " explained as meaning " ptolemy the unknown " ) was a hellenistic pinacographer , probably of the peripatetic school , who wrote a " life of aristotle " notable for its catalog of aristotle 's works .
bob and jill lawrence ( leslie banks and edna best ) , a british couple on vacation in st. moritz , switzerland , with their daughter betty ( nova pilbeam ) befriend a foreigner , louis bernard ( pierre fresnay ) , who is staying in their hotel .
born hensman anthony , the sobriquet " firingee " ( the foreigner ) was used colloquially in deference to his portugese origins .
selling out in advance , word quickly spread about our dynamic live shows and soon we were opening for established acts like billy squire , hall & oates , rick springfield , molly hatchet , marshall tucker band and foreigner , to name a few .
serving as an advisor to king rama v of thailand , he played a crucial role in the reformation of that country to modern western standards and was awarded the title " chow phya abhai raja " , the highest distinction ever granted to a foreigner .
there is one foreigner who holds the regular master of sports title based on his achievements within russia , the dutch field hockey player mark sluiter .
paradoxically , the museum abandoned this model of exhibition at the same time when , at the end of the 1990s , it starts to be noticed and implemented by foreigner institutions .
crookstown ( irish " an baile gallda " , town of the invader or foreigner ) is a small village in county cork , about six miles east of the town of macroom and about 1 km off the n22 cork - killarney road .
in november 2005 local police arrested a foreigner and a citizen who were associated with a christian working on a humanitarian dam building project on the island of madura .
since early 2009 , the aforementioned foreigner 's card has also been replaced by an eid card , containing a similar chip .
mário de andrade library was the first brazilian public institution interested in acquiring modern works of art of local and foreigner artists ( which are placed today in the " pinacoteca municipal " ) .
the initial target was to move the ratio of economic ownership in malaysia from a 2.4:33:63 ratio of bumiputra , other malaysian , foreigner ownership to a 30:40:30 ratio .
prior to his leaving the original johnny foreigner line - up released we left you sleeping and gone now , a self - produced , 11-track album recorded in 2005 in a hand - made edition of 40 copies .
promotion ads for this event likened this to an alien abduction because the philippine housemates were not be aware that bruce will trade places with tina , a foreigner , until tina entered the philippine house .
other off - broadway credits include the role of phil d'armano in andrew lippa 's " the wild party " at the manhattan theatre club and the role of ellard opposite matthew broderick in the roundabout theatre company 's revival of ' the foreigner ' , for which cahoon received a lucille lortel award nomination for outstanding featured actor .
after the season madanchi was named the foreigner player of the season 2007/08 of the uae league .
the style was first developed by a foreigner adrian willaert and was continued by italian organists and composers : andrea gabrieli and his nephew giovanni gabrieli and claudio monteverdi .
jackson received the " maglia arancia " ( orange jersey ) as the best foreigner of that year 's giro d'italia femminile .
in 1982 , an eightieth birthday celebration is presented where adams received the decoration of commander of the order of the arts and letters , the french government 's highest cultural award given to a foreigner .
two years later , he was voted " best foreigner of the primera división " .
he recognized the future of gun manufacturing in japan was not strong , and got the idea for a new bike design after being asked by a foreigner to repair a conventional bicycle .
the madridista joins sevilla 's perotti as the only foreigner on the list .
furthermore , the marquis d'ancre was widely unpopular for being a foreigner , inspiring many nobles to think of revolting .
he was the first foreigner allowed to make an address in people ’s daily .
the result is the creation of various types of ' regional ' indonesian , the very types that a foreigner is most likely to hear upon arriving in any indonesian city or town .
this new disc signed the artistic reconciliation with bigazzi , proposing modern sonority , with a lot of foreigner influences and with themes characterized by a renewed force and determination .
4 ( foreigner album ) .
with many foreign merchants resident in the city and governed by an oligarchy of banker - aristocrats forbidden to engage in trade , the economy of antwerp was foreigner - controlled , which made the city very international , with merchants and traders from venice , ragusa , spain and portugal and a policy of toleration , which attracted a large orthodox jewish community .
the ep originally was released in england featuring three covers : foreigner 's " juke box hero , " janis joplin 's " move over " and " chains , " by an obscure minneapolis group called the wad .
rumors began to flow that al ainwere steps away from completing the signing of the asian foreigner amongst which was lee ho .
in 1998 , the basketball coaches association of the philippines ( bcap ) under chito narvasa petitioned to the department of labor and employment ( dole ) that ron jacobs had no right to coach a pba team for being a foreigner .
he is also the first foreigner to receive the prestigious s. a. rahim trophy for the best coach of the year award from the all india football federation .
films such as bidesiya ( " foreigner , " 1963 , directed by s. n. tripathi ) and ganga ( " ganges , " 1965 , directed by kundan kumar ) were profitable and popular , but in general bhojpuri films were not commonly produced in the 1960s and 1970s .
that 's a whole other story but , for the record , our final gig was in 1979 at the civic center in providence , ri on monday 29 october , alongside foreigner "
clarice lispector was a foreigner .
foreigner talk and baby talk .
he is portrayed as a foreigner , and is tall , bearded , wears boots , and generally looks like a european .
he was reputed to be the first foreigner to make the journey from beijing to shanghai on the grand canal of china , and described the trip in the " journal of the asiatic society " ( 1866 ) .
he is considered as a master of ethnology in japan , where he was the first foreigner ever to pronounce a speech at the nihon minzoku gakkai , a japanese anthropological association , for its 50th anniversary .
foley has shared the stage with an array of diverse artists ranging from sly stone , george clinton , santana , herbie hancock , prince , chaka khan , patrice rushen , el debarge , al jarreau , alice in chains , foreigner , bootsy collins , fishbone , arrested development , david sanborn , jungle bros. , macy gray , mint condition , monica , davina , larry dunn , lenny white , marcus miller , res , khaleel , and primus .
expelled the foreigner from our dear river !
later he joined the touring band for foreigner and played keyboards on " waiting for a girl like you " and " break it up " .
coley plays with groups including ambrosia , terry sylvester , formerly of the hollies and rides the bill with numerous other acts including three dog night , lou gramm ( of foreigner ) , christopher cross , poco , stephen bishop , al stewart , edgar winter and others .
he joined former uwfi foreigner gary albright and native takao ōmori in a new version of the " triangle of power " stable albright had formed with steve williams before he briefly went back to the united states .
hadley became the first foreigner to homer in his first at - bat in japan .
the foreigner was hired by jason macendale to hunt down and kill ned leeds , who was acting as the hobgoblin during that time .
half of the group peels away , losing interest since i am not a real foreigner ” ( 125 ) .
as both a foreigner and a woman , the queen was not a popular choice for regent .
the conditions were favorable for wheelwright , or any other congenial foreigner , to obtain a right of settlement within the limits of new hampshire .
