the san rafael group is a geologic group of formations that is spread across the u.s. states of new mexico , arizona , utah and colorado .
( aptian - albian ) antlers and cloverly formations .
however , murat 's choice of massive columns for the attack formation was unfortunate for the french force , as smaller mobile formations of russian , prussian , and austrian cavalry were able to successfully harass murat 's division , driving them back to their own artillery , where they were saved by the french guard dragoons .
in antarctica , the sun ’s lower position above the horizon reduces light due to increased reflection , and the stormy seas reduce transmission of light due to bubble formations .
in addition , bosnian terrain favored light infantry over armored and mechanized formations .
north and north - west telford lie beyond the coalfield 's boundary fault on sandstone beds which , along with other triassic formations , prevail over much of the north shropshire plain .
typically , natural rock flour is formed during glacial migration , where the glacier grinds against the rock beneath it , but also is produced by freeze - and - thaw action , where the act of water freezing and expanding in cracks helps break up rock formations .
as commander - in - chief of georgian military forces , eduard shevardnadze issued the order " measures on the defense of ochamchira and the sukhumi regions " , that stated : " military formations of different countries are concentrating in gudauta and gumista area .
fossils are found in rock formations dating to the devonian period , about 350 million years ago .
for many years infantry formations included a mix of troops armed with both firearms to provide striking power and pikes to allow for the defence of the arqubusiers or musketeers from a cavalry charge .
since the introduction of firearms classifications have changed initially to reflect their formations on the battlefield as line infantry , and later to reflect modes of transport and type of tactics used by specific units as mechanized infantry or airborne infantry .
large coastal sandstone formations known as the malaspina galleries are preserved in this community park .
mining of bif formations involves coarse crushing and screening , followed by rough crushing and fine grinding to comminute the ore to the point where the crystallised magnetite and quartz are fine enough that the quartz is left behind when the resultant powder is passed under a magnetic separator .
mckernan made his marks in the band by composing the school 's fight song maroon & gold , implementing script drill formations in pregame and halftime shows , holding auditions for instrumentation placing , offering scholarships to boost membership , recruiting high school band members , establishing band day , and formatting three weekly rehearsals .
in 1957 the province placed a 29 ha reserve around the horne lake caves which by then had been stripped of many of their formations .
at least five major rock formations from the devonian and carboniferous periods are present in quehanna wild area .
because the delicate formations are so fragile the area is referred to as “
these two operations were colossal defeats for the german army and completely destroyed a large number of german formations .
formations .
whatever the location , the basic choice of halite ( rock salt ) as a host rock for a final repository was a step which eliminated from the start any alternative locations such as the clay or granite formations favourised in other countries for this purpose .
formations can be deceptive in analysing a particular team 's style of play .
sector stations had sector control rooms as well as the usual features of raf aerodromes ; they were able to control raf fighter formations during the battle .
a naval force under vice - admiral theodor burchardi began evacuating elements of the german formations along with some civilians on 17 september .
the pinnacles are limestone formations contained within nambung national park , near the town of cervantes , western australia .
romanian formations did resist the soviet attack in many cases , but were ill - equipped to defend themselves effectively against a modern army , due to a lack of modern anti - tank , artillery , and anti - air weapons .
while the early part of the wars continued to see landsknechts and swiss mercenaries dominate , the italian war of 1521 demonstrated the power of massed firearms , leading to their increasingly widespread adoption as the basis of all infantry formations .
the geologic formations in this area date to the early tertiary period , some 30 million years ago .
in the united states navy , the term squadron has always been used for formations of destroyers and submarines .
one can see how the newer road and bridge is built right over any land formations , in contrast to the winding old road .
sea life is abundant and includes such attractions as clownfish , lionfish , barracuda , dolphins , huge coral formations , and other common tropical sealife .
on 12 november 1942 , usameaf was dissolved and replaced by ninth air force , although some us units remained with commonwealth formations for some time afterwards .
to conserve fuel and aircraft , the japanese had decided not to intercept small formations .
he taught the troops various methods of manufacturing and using european - style artillery and introduced european infantry formations and tactics .
there is ample evidence for complex large - scale , pre - columbian social formations , including chiefdoms , in many areas of amazonia ( particularly the inter - fluvial regions ) and even large towns and cities .
montgomery at this point ordered the x corps formations in the woodcock - snipe area to go over to defence while he focused his army 's attack further to the north .
v corps was one of the formations that took part in the d - day landings , on 6 june 1944 .
most of the rooms abound in formations , generally stalactites , flowstone , and columns .
he also avidly collected fossils , and was one of the first to systematically explore the permian and mesozoic biota in the geologic formations of kansas and the american west , including the niobrara chalk , the morrison formation , and the dakota sandstone .
the cave explorer will sight many bats in flight and some hanging from the ceiling on stalactite formations of the limestone cave interiors .
both weapons have since been replaced by 155 mm weapons like the m109 howitzer , due to the fall of the soviet union and a change of strategy , tactics , ( no more massive enemy tank formations and artillery units ) and the types of conflicts / wars the united states faces ( high intensity , guerrilla warfare , requiring artillery surgical strikes , not massive destruction ) .
sports and recreational equipment have great use for unique formations in tubular aluminum , as does the furniture market .
the basin is notable both for the fantastic and beautiful shapes of its rock formations and because of its fossil beds , which have provided scientists with valuable information about life during the middle miocene epoch , between 12 and 16 million years ago .
these sediments came from the northwest and contain clasts from appalachian formations .
aibolat ( ib ) the meaning and origins of the jüz formations have been subject to different interpretations .
it also has four musical formations , as well as groups demonstrating prowess in horseback or motorcycle maneuvers .
early musket - man formations relied on relatively slow - loading , inaccurate weapons , and could be defeated by fast - moving horsemen .
the military historian james r. arnold argues that all armies of the period used column formations at times on the battlefield , the military historian sir charles oman is credited with developing the theory that the french practically always attacked in heavy columns , and it is only now that this alleged error , propagated by other british and american authors , is being repudiated .
the logba area is known for its scenery , which includes waterfalls , cliffs , and limestone formations , including one or two known small caves with minor speleothems .
like the neutron tool , water - filled formations are used in its calibration process .
the austro - hungarian formations were trained to employ the tactics developed by the germans on the western front for the operation michael as austrian officials , returning from the eastern front , were extensively trained alongside their german counterparts .
following the capture of rangoon , a new twelfth army headquarters was created from xxxiii corps hq to take control of the formations which were to remain in burma , including iv corps .
wetlands , salt marshes , mangroves , and other swampy formations make up the uplands and submerged lands .
the exposed formations in the bryce canyon area likely represent these lost layers .
the association exists in all the nigerian army units and formations across the federation , the leadership of the association is automatic , in the sense that a woman whose husband is appointed the chief of army staff is automatically the national president of the association .
the formations of the 8gat unit is shown below .
in the 19th century in imitation of the turkish military bands which replaced the mehterhane formations of janissary turks beginning in 1828 .
during a violent quarrel between the two mythological deities , the bolts thrown towards saturn had missed , causing the formations .
" canadapsis perfecta " , the type species , comes from the cambrian - age burgess shale in british columbia , canada . " canadaspis " are also found in different formations of the house range of western utah as well as the pioche shale of nevada . "
it consists of 17 well lit karst caves full of picturesque stone formations including stalactites and stalagmites .
the rocks making up seymour island date mainly from the late cretaceous to the eocene . successively younger rock formations found on the island are the lópez de bertodano formation ( cretaceous to early paleocene ) sobral formation and cross valley formation ( paleocene ) and la meseta formation ( eocene ) .
while the veracity of this source may be questioned , there is little doubt that the inhabitants of both ireland and britain were aware of a sizeable land mass far up north -- they may have deduced this from the flight patterns of migrating birds or the cloud formations over vatnajökull , which can be seen from great distances .
the conspicuous formations of aiako harria consist of a paleozoic massif with some of the oldest materials cropping out currently in the basque country .
it is one of the oldest and most distinguished military formations in united states military history .
iron ore formations occupy most part of the district which can be traced from the jharkhand boarder in the north to the jajpur boarder in the south .
drilling fluid must be chemically compatible with the formations being drilled .
the military forces at the immediate point of tactical contact ( i.e. not including support formations ) are described below .
more brigades appeared , but mostly as divisions that had eroded down to their new strengths , and new divisions , such as the new 3rd motor rifle division in the moscow military district formed on the basis of disbanding tank formations , were formed rather than brigades .
people are not allowed in amongst the limestone formations but two viewing platforms exist for tourists .
the main attraction is ischigualasto , a strange landscape , in what may have been one of the most interesting stages of the earth 's history , the triassic period , the place known as the valley of the moon , for his apparent resemblance to a landscape interplanetary , is a protected area for the preservation and study of strange geological formations , wildlife flora and fossil .
when this occurs , the debris can become concentrated in white formations that occur in the pockets .
both the thureophoroi and the thorakitai were able to fight both in a phalanx formation , armed with long spears , or in more loose , irregular formations to be used against enemy light infantry or to occupy difficult terrain .
jeti - ögüz district is home to jeti - ögüz village , and to the village 's south , interesting rock formations , including one that resembles a broken heart ( and is so named ) , and one that resembles the " seven bulls " from which jeti - ögüz is commonly believed to get its name .
their strategic capabilities have ensured that airborne forces are still a part of armies today with the 82nd airborne division and russian airborne forces being the largest formations of paratroopers in the world .
in addition , at the beginning of the game , the player chooses one of seven formations to use for the movers that the gunners are mounted on .
the upper devonian sequence is rather thinner and comprises a series of formations which are more laterally restricted .
on 6 april 1941 the kingdom of yugoslavia was invaded from all sides by the axis powers , primarily by german forces but including italian , hungarian and bulgarian formations as well .
the polish under the rule of berlin and vienna had no military formations of their own until world war i.
historically many cities had their own guard formations , which doubled as police and military force in times of need .
the elite legions were large formations , varying between 25 and 33 in number , of ca .
however it turned out ( flower 1976 ) based on a reassessment of lower ordovician and whiterockian formations in northeastern china that " polydesmia " is predated by " wutinoceras " , its assumed primitive nature rather a derived condition .
this timeline documents all the storm formations , strengthening , weakening , landfalls , extratropical transitions , as well as dissipation .
the soviet air force used ground terminology for its formations down to squadron level .
from 1800 on 12 september , the ships noted an increase in air activity — observing many bogies that merely orbited the formations as snoopers .
amphitheatres are typically man - made , though there are also geological formations used in the same manner which are known as natural amphitheatres .
during dr. robert g. lyon five year tenure was the addition of new parade and marching formations as well as swing music .
the sessions band is an american musical group that has periodically recorded and toured with roots rockmusician bruce springsteen in various formations since 1997 .
the sequence of mineral formations given by dunning et al .
they would throw themselves into the fray to bolster a weakening line , as at waterloo , or smash through the enemy formations and rout them .
the kyzul kum has exposed rock formations that have yielded a number of fossils .
there are many other examples of back - formations in the english language .
its structure included the 172nd , 203rd , 244th , 333rd and 350th rifle divisions and other formations .
rimstone is one of the most common cave formations , after flowstone , stalactites , and stalagmites .
in addition , the appendix contained the first - ever published thermodynamic tables , written by k. burton , to contain equilibrium constants and gibbs free energy of formations for chemical species , able to calculate biochemical reactions that had not yet occurred .
it is a gender neutral language except in some name and verb formations .
the range takes its name from the rock formations that cover parts of it .
these formations expanded from regimental size in 1940 to a fully - fledged armored corps panzerkorps " feldherrnhalle " in 1945 .
26th army was later reformed in october 1941 , including elements of 1st guards special rifle corps and other formations , only to be destroyed in battle again .
the winning team will be the team that has collected most points , by completing the most correct formations within time after the final round is ended .
in his earlier scientific works , which date from 1835 , he described the tertiary and cretaceous formations of france , belgium and england , and dealt especially with the distribution of fossils geographically and in sequence .
returning to france , together with some formations quickly formed from the polish recruits in the nearby training camps , it took part in the defence brittany .
tactical decisions such as where entrenchments will be placed on defense , and the formations that attacking units will move in are determined at this level .
gold is a natural element that appears around granite formations because gold forms during cooling and solidification of igneous rock .
the upper gallery is famous for its formations , lit by an effective lighting system .
when officers are taking part in parades and formations with other ranks in warm weather areas , they wear either no.3 or no.6 dress .
as the main flying element , comgar administers several sub - formations in the form of four " air forces " ( " forças aéreas " ) and seven " regional air commands " ( " comandos aéreos regionais " - comar ) .
each team places their sixteen beers in formations akin to the classic strategy game ( i.e. , one sting of five beers as the carrier , another string of four beers as the battleship , a three - string row of beers as the destroyer , two cups of beer as the cruiser , and single cup submarine ) .
this presented a tactical problem : if the carriers were needed so that infantry could accompany tanks , they needed to be just as mobile and just as well protected , particularly since the canadian and british formations had difficulty in replacing losses .
working directly under the supervision of the emperor , these officers were sometimes assigned to temporary command of units or formations or entrusted with diplomatic missions .
the force was emplaced along the road with the infantry formations on the two hills , with five of the howitzers behind them , and the sixth positioned halfway between the infantry and field artillery positions with the six heat rounds .
flowers and plants grow among rock formations .
she refers to g - sharp as " ice berg " and a as " bear claw " because of her finger formations while playing them .
the fresh water coming into florida bay from the everglades creates perfect conditions for vast beds of turtle grass and algae formations that are the foundation for animal life in the bay .
the climate associated with it was wetter than when preceding formations were deposited ; there seems to have existed at least some degree of forest cover .
these clastic sedimentary packages , interbedded with basaltic flows , pyroclastic tephra and silicic volcanic ashes , have a cumulative thickness of 1524 meters ( 5000 feet ) , span about 10.5 ma , and comprise the seven formations of the idaho group ( fig . 2 ) .
static formations under its control included 505 district and south burma district .
there are six stackable formations .
halliburton , bechtel , enron , the carlyle group , and newmount mining are postnational formations that really care little about the welfare of any particular people or nation .
some of the maneuvers include both solo f / a-18s performing at once , such as opposing passes ( toward each other in what appears to be a collision course ) and mirror formations ( back - to - back .
debolt , shunda and pekisko formations are staked in the fort nelson area .
peru 's campaign in the 2007 copa américa saw another futile attempt of the peruvian squad , eliminated again in the quarter - finals by argentina ; the blame for this was mainly given to the tactics and formations of the coach julio césar uribe , who did not call the appropriate players to the national team .
at the end of the year a sudden amphibious invasion by british forces resulted in the capture of savannah , georgia , and the destruction of the rest of the continental units under howe and most of the eastern militia formations .
a study by the global energy technology strategy program estimates the storage capacity of these saline rock formations in the u.s. to be 2,970 gigatons of carbon dioxide , compared to a capacity of 77 gigatons of carbon dioxide for all other types of reservoirs , such as depleted gas fields .
other stitch formations .
the elite legions were large infantry formations , varying between 25 and 33 in number , of ca .
it includes all gazetted rocks , boulders , pinnacles , crags , needles , pillars , rock formations , and tors in western australia , both inland and offshore .
although he had tried to emulate his older brother , father ( against his advice ) , grandfather and forebears , he later said " i just did n't like all the formations and inspections and things like that . "
he was the first to describe yardang formations in the lop desert .
formations of three or four agricultural helicopters would overfly suburban portions of alameda county , san bernardino county , santa clara county , san joaquin county , stanislaus county , and merced county releasing a mixture of malathion and corn syrup , the corn syrup being a bait for the fruit flies .
mutaguchi continued to order fresh attacks , but by late june it was clear that the starving and disease - ridden japanese formations were in no state to obey .
there have been two formations named british army of the rhine ( baor ) .
small detachments of native - speaking personnel operated immediately ahead of the advancing regular formations , to gather short - range intelligence .
eight - man football defensive formations .
the town has a tour service called tourist yú'ù which brings and orients visitors to such locations as the community museum , the archeological zone , the municipality dam and two natural formations called “ picacho ” and “ cuevitas . ”
since maap is an english- only policy institution , the commands given by the officers , or any group leaders during formations , drills and other activities are in english .
a long period of erosion stripped away most of the san rafael group in the area along with any formations that may have been laid down in the cretaceous period ,
his plan was to pulverise the enemy formations with cannon fire and not to employ his cavalry until the afghans were thoroughly softened up .
it is likely safe to assume that the 41st army controls all the field formations of the previous siberian military district .
the ships had orders to attack german troop formations heading towards calais , but the wessex was in her turn attacked by stuka dive bombers , resulting in the ship sinking and survivors being rescued by the vimiera , which was in turn heavily damaged and forced to withdraw .
uplift affected the entire region , known as the colorado plateaus , by slowly raising these formations more than higher than where they were deposited .
as a consequence , he concluded that the german formations needed to be reinforced and that western sicily should be abandoned in order to shorten the front line .
despite its popularity , many calcite formations still remain intact in the farthest reaches of the cave .
its former world war ii formations became brigades .
it is one of the largest volcanic complexes of its type in the world , the rare rock types and formations make it a unique geological feature .
landsknechts were trained in the use of the famous long pikes and used the pike square formations developed by the swiss .
formations .
the division 's brigades remained in mesopotamia as independent formations until forming part of the 15th indian division in may 1916 .
the group of rocks known as cuddalore formations is met with in the area contiguous to karaikal region in nagappattinam district .
mary rockwell hook was the first kansas city architect to incorporate natural formations in her designs .
although the " decline " is largely concerned with comparisons between the classical and western cultures , attention is also given to the arabian , chinese , and egyptian formations .
the system of carbon allotropes spans an astounding range of extremes , considering that they are all merely structural formations of the same element .
he made especial studies of the tertiary formations and fossils of the vienna basin , and investigated the geological relations of the thermal and other springs in that region .
other formations attached were the regular 22nd lucknow infantry brigade from the 8th lucknow division without their british battalions and an imperial service cavalry brigade .
that some of the jewish cossacks followed colonel berek joselewicz and joined napoleon 's polish cavalry formations .
however , a number of recruits , prior to their service within the police battalions are alleged to have been in ukrainian irregular formations that are alleged to have committed atrocities against jews and communists .
another innovation that appeared at roughly the same time as the field show and marching in formations was the fight song .
the scenery is very bleak and barren , with many mountains and rock formations .
the ' produced water ' is either reinjected into isolated formations , released into streams , used for irrigation , or sent to evaporation ponds .
in the médoc nummulite - bearing marls and limestones are still being laid down , but east of bordeaux already continental molasses appear that change farther south into gypsum - bearing formations .
early formations of a band were beginning to coalesce as early as 1992 , when the core band members , drummer shawn " clown " crahan , vocalist anders colsefini , and bassist paul gray enlisted the help of guitarists donnie steele and quan nong , and created " painface . "
law enforcement in poland consists of the police force , independent judiciary , prosecutors ( the highest of whom is the public prosecutor general ) , and smaller , specialized formations .
it resembles a merger of several crater formations that have gained a common interior floor .
besides the operational armoured and mechanized formations , separate tank battalions within rifle divisions existed .
temple cap and carmel formations ( middle jurassic ) .
several formations and units of the armed forces of the russian federation 's volga - ural military district have been located in the town .
most formations have changed names several times during their existence .
he was responsible for equipping the first canadian formations raised in world war i.
it is worn by all ranks for parades and formations ( as with no . 2 dress ) , unless no .
the usual result was rather identical , inflexible formations pushing against each other until one broke .
typical vegetation includes pajonal , tolar and llaretal formations .
nuclear logging was initially developed to measure the natural gamma radiation emitted by underground formations .
as a result v corps gained more ground than formations that made conventional setpiece attacks behind a barrage .
béla bartók observed that hungarian " peasant music " use isometric ( with an even number of structures ) stophe structure and certain pentatonic ( five tone ) formations , along with a liking for " tempo giusto " ( rhythm consisting chiefly of equal values ) .
battle of saipan order of battle is a description of the major ground combat formations that participated in the battle of saipan during world war ii .
xiii corps was left with the newly arrived 2nd armoured division and the 9th australian division ; both formations were inexperienced , ill – equipped , and in the case of the 2nd armoured , under strength .
spatialization offers a way of talking about how place - images and regional- and place - myths , cognitive mappings and so on are part of wider " formations " and come to have an economic impact by being put into practice , such as through the marketing of tourism destinations , and the way that the reputations of places and regions becomes a conceptual shorthand which lends credibility to claims and beliefs , such as the truthfulness of a scientific finding ( " cambridge " - whether usa or uk ) , the believability of a religious claim or an event ( " mecca " ) , or the trustworthness of a product ( " swiss " watches ) .
long filamentous structures have been preserved along with skeletal remains of numerous coelurosaurs from the early cretaceous yixian formation and other nearby geological formations from liaoning , china .
other types of volcano include cryovolcanoes ( or ice volcanoes ) , particularly on some moons of jupiter , saturn and neptune ; and mud volcanoes , which are formations often not associated with known magmatic activity .
by august 20 the german forces , by counterattacks in the regions west of tukums and sloki and with support from the " kriegsmarine " , were able to push the soviet troops away from the coastline in the southern sector and to restore the sea communications of their formations around riga .
the american thoughts consisted of large focus on open formations light infantry tactics that were well suited for areas of rigid terrain , and dense forested areas ; best suited for enemies that have no cavalry , or artillery to use .
the coastal exposures along the coastline provide a continuous sequence of triassic , jurassic and cretaceous rock formations spanning approximately 185 million years of the earths history .
geodes are common in some formations in the united states ( mainly in indiana , iowa , missouri , kentucky , and utah ) .
he developed the dashanpu formations - important as they are middle jurassic beds , uncommon in yielding fossils .
the maastrichtian stage in mongolia , as preserved in the nemegt formation and at nogon - tsav , was characterized by a wetter and more humid climate compared with the semi - arid environment preserved in the earlier , underlying barun goyot and djadochta formations .
the llano uplift is best known for its large , protruding rock formations such as enchanted rock .
this ' mass rusting ' led to the deposition of banded iron formations .
the persians deployed their cataphracts in mixed formations with light archers in the rear ranks , supporting the charge with arrows .. mongolian heavy cavalry improved upon the charging effect by attaching hooks to their lances to take enemies down when bypassing .
the aim of the game is to arrange your pieces in certain winning formations before your opponent can .
the dry parts of the cave contain some formations created by the deposition of gypsum , such as gypsum needles , beards , flowers , and spiders .
it was dissolved at the end of the campaign and its units divided between other formations of the army of the tennessee .
the next year the number of participants grew to 378 just by word of mouth , drawn by the descriptions of the scenery of southwestern utah , including red and white sandstone formations in the snow canyon area just outside of st. george , even though the race at that time was not yet a sanctioned marathon .
trains were formed of various formations , from a single motor carriage , to pairs of motor cars with up to three intermediate trailers .
the elite among all french heavy cavalry line formations , the two regiments of mounted carabiniers have a very similar appearance with the mounted grenadiers of the imperial guard ; bearskins , long blue coats , etc and were mounted exclusively on big black horse prior to 1813 .
the book by alfred comyn lyall covers the early formations of meena cast , their adventures , outlaws , outcast , and refugees generally .
the rock formations in scotland were the result of these processes at work over millions of years .
a report issued at the end of a conference held by the director ( air ) of the war office in january 1946 confirmed that the locust design was considered obsolete ; any light tanks to be used in post - war airborne formations would be made from completely new designs .
the division shifted from three maneuver brigades to four " units of action , " which are essentially smaller brigade formations , with one infantry , one armor , one cavalry , and one artillery battalion in each .
hin luk bath has turned into one of the most favored dive sites around with its boulder formations which appear from a sandy seabed 15 meters down the way they jut out allows a vast array of corals and barrel sponges .
like all military units and formations the men came from all walks of life and this was especially true with this particular unit .
fleets are usually , but not necessarily , permanent formations and are generally assigned to a particular ocean or sea .
it is a u - shaped lake , surrounded by unusual rock formations and a fragrant pine forest .
" in croatia , an ustaša government has been re - established ; armed formations of serb - killers are being founded .
despite these heavy losses and a tactical victory for the axis powers , the partisan formations secured their command and the hospital , and were able to continue operations .
during the time that agitpop was disbanded , several new band formations ensued .
other species can be found throughout the world in areas of volcanic or geothermal activity , such as geological formations called mud pots , which are also known as " solfatare " ( plural of solfatara ) .
in the soviet red army and the soviet air force , " armies " were actually corps - sized formations , subordinate to an army group - sized " front " in wartime .
natural gas is produced from the mancos and dakota formations , while the morrison production is mostly crude oil .
we swooped down on them , sword in hand – whether they had managed to reload or not , i would not know because they took for the rear and did not stop galloping until they reached the russian reserve at the rear camp gate , where their several tidy formations became chaotically entangled . "
unlike the rest of the state 's coast , which is an uninterrupted sandy beach , torres boasts of four high rocky formations that fall into the sea .
these are deployable tactical units , broadly comparable in size and structure to an infantry independent rifle company , which can provide force protection either for raaf elements or other formations .
all the battalions of a regiment do not fight together as one formation , but are dispersed over various formations , viz .
large parts of previously deposited formations were removed ; probably by streams that washed the sediment into the cretaceous seaway that longitudinally divided north america to the east .
rock formations - located on the nh-16 highway , is a natural stopover for all traffic .
the 395th , entrenched along the " international road " and elsenborn ridge , forced the germans to commit and sacrifice many of their infantrymen and expose their armored formations to withering artillery fire .
his still life compositions from this period are dominated by stable , interlocking rectangular formations in vertical and horizontal orientation . "
formations .
this version is shortened and has an added drum transition for the band to change formations from " sweep lines " to the " hollow block m. " the band marches in " sweep lines " from the middle of the field to the north end zone , transitions into the " hollow block m " and marches to the south end zone .
as four large air raids hit the american dispositions , fighter cover from the ships of " healy"s task group and surface fire from the ships decimated the japanese formations .
beginning in 1942—43 , several new formations were formed from bosnians , latvians , estonians , and ukrainians .
the rim of this crater has a relatively high albedo compared to most such formations on the moon , and it lies at the center of a ray system .
there is a large amount of new content , such as new stages , boss formations , time attack mode and a ' bingo ' system .
current formations .
the monument is located near the san andreas fault , which had a hand in creating the unique formations the monument protects .
the park features coffee rock formations that can be found on the beaches at its northern end .
several other similar formations were also laid down .
it has waterfalls , and large rock formations and is used for the practice of canoing and kayaking .
the glen canyon group of formations includes ( from oldest - lowest - to youngest ) the
the mounted infantry remained the key to the australian defence posture until the of 1910 which envisaged formations that could be slotted directly into an imperial expeditionary force .
downland is formed when chalk formations are raised above the surrounding rocks .
they hurt the viet cong badly in military terms , and northern - born personnel were to increasingly dominate the main - force vc formations .
in the imperial russian army , a military district ( , " voyenny okrug " ) was a territorial association of military units , formations , military schools , and various local military establishments .
the complexity comes from the different formations the routes are run out of .
the cliffs at hallett cove feature significant geological formations with evidence of glacial movements 600 million years ago .
on september 1 , 1939 , polish militiamen defended the building for some 15 hours against assaults by the " ss heimwehr danzig " ( ss of the city danzig ) , local sa formations and special units of " ordnungspolizei " ( danzig police ) .
formations of four divisions of the first canadian army held positions on hill 195 , directly north of falaise .
in addition to the ordinary crew of 1500 persons at seefliegerhorst aalborg several training formations were stationed there for shorter or longer periods during the war .
most widely analysed are those which remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , either to geologic formations such as bio - energy with carbon capture and storage and carbon dioxide air capture , or to the soil as in the case with biochar .
it created a complicated chain of command whereby slim theoretically had to report to two different commanders ; giffard for fourteenth army actions and mountbatten for stilwell 's formations .
these sites may have originally been used to worship the sun , rock formations , trees and even sounds .
as the discussions were ongoing , several formations of heinkel he 111 and dornier 17 bombers roared over the city dropping the oprop ! leaflets .
prior to each mission , the player can recruit new troops and assemble formations , equip troops with weapons and armor gained from the spoils of war or crafted from certain minigames .
by 1943 , for the first time in canadian history , canadian personnel filled all intelligence appointments within canada 's army formations and units .
view its startling formations .
the mountains themselves were formed between 200 million and 400 million years ago during the appalachian orogeny , when the north american and african plates collided , thrusting the rock formations upward .
two powerful formations — the 12th ss panzer division and 1st ss panzer division — now held the ridge supported by artillery , dug - in tiger tanks and mortar emplacements .
this latter cumene converts into cumene radical and feeds back into subsequent chain formations of cumene hydroperoxides .
the brigades were mixed formations , with their own cavalry , artillery and engineers , also " ersatz " units similarly formed from the replacement detachments and companies of the cavalry and artillery regiments and engineer battalions .
the act resulted in the formations of the national recording registry , the national recording preservation board and a fund - raising foundation to aid their efforts .
the second army group b was formed when army group south was split into two formations for the summer offensive of 1942 .
the " formazioni di difesa proletaria " ( proletarian defense formations ) later merged with them .
there are two mushrooms and a giant shoe rock , as well as numerous other rock formations in the park .
the hmx is built into a shaped charge that is detonated within the wellbore to punch a hole through the steel casing and surrounding cement out into the hydrocarbon bearing formations .
typical to the adi dravida folk dances and songs , the movements and formations of dancers ( clad in white thorthu and banyan ) choreographed in kuthiyottam are quick , peaks at a particular point and ends abruptly .
man - made fluid - driven fractures are formed at depth in a borehole and extend into targeted rock formations .
the new zealand army units were eventually replaced by american formations , which released personnel for service with the 2nd division in italy , or to cover civilian labour shortages .
gneiss ( ) is a common and widely distributed type of rock formed by high - grade regional metamorphic processes from pre - existing formations that were originally either igneous or sedimentary rocks .
