sometimes the injury fractures the bone of the eye socket , and blowing one 's nose can force air out of the sinus adjacent to the socket .
turcotte suffered a broken neck and other bone fractures that ultimately ruined his career , but roberto pineda died from his injuries .
doc robbins notes that jen had rib fractures and that all the girls died of exsanguination .
if the ice fractures , pieces of ice torn free by the river 's current will collide with stationary or slower - moving pieces .
during 1998 and 1999 he suffered two skull fractures , one of which required doctors to replace a damaged portion of his skull with titanium mesh and polymer plate .
sensing the fractures used by the time travel experiments , the fourth doctor and romana stumbled upon scaroth 's plans for the painting and foiled them .
however , mri is not used in the emergency setting for reasons including its relative inefficacy in detecting bleeds and fractures , its lengthy acquisition of images , the inaccessibility of the patient in the machine , and its incompatibility with metal items used in emergency care .
common sources of nasal fractures include sports injuries , fighting , falls , and car accidents .
adult males fight each other extensively , and some specimens have been found with healed jaw fractures .
however not all fractures are apparent initially .
deformity in the face , for example a sunken cheekbone or teeth which do not align properly , suggests the presence of fractures .
his autopsy later revealed that he had blunt force injuries of the head and neck , many punctures and scratches to his head , neck and chest , skull and spinal fractures , and a cut to his jugular vein .
guru fractures paandiyan 's hand so that his death sentence would be delayed , until it heals , under law .
it can also lead to osteoporosis and bone fractures due to vitamin d deficiency ( vitamin d helps in calcium absorption ) .
the album featured re - worked versions of the songs " living each day like you 're already dead , " " someone 's standing on my chest " and " tulips are better " , which originally appeared on the band 's 2001 ep , " fractures in the facade of your porcelain beauty " . " ai n't love grand " and "
the compression of the collision created fractures and folds in the intermontane belt .
a deep gash in the northern caldera wall , dubbed " the fissure " , is the end of a long series of fractures called the northwest rift zone .
she did not compete in the 1976 olympics because of stress fractures in her lower leg , and she missed the 1980 summer olympics because the united states did not participate , as part of the 1980 summer olympics boycott .
however , both incisions have the potential for causing significant pain that may last for extended periods and both result in bony fractures that require a minimum of six weeks to heal during which time patients must refrain from heavy lifting or strenuous activity .
during this point , diesel 10 says " it 's the old teapot ! smash him ! " and then accidentally fractures the foundation of the shed they are sheltering under and it collapses on them while toby runs off .
it forms massive to reniform pappillary aggregates in fractures , bottryoidal concretions in laterite or fracture infill .
similar , but smaller , fractures are seen running perpendicular to samarkand sulci , suggesting that a period of extension accompanies the later stages of formation ( or occurs after formation ) of these ridge belts .
the surgery was performed by major general doctor moflih al - dulaimi اللواء الطبيب مفلح فارس الدليمي اختصاصي جراحة العظام والكسور who happened to have been on - call that night for fractures in the hospital .
fractures .
on february 8 , 2009 , it was announced that she would appear on the eighth season of dancing with the stars alongside new pro dmitry chaplin , which she did primarily as a bet against husband ty murray ; however , five days before the season premiere , she suffered stress fractures in the tibia of both legs , and was forced to withdraw .
however , a recent study supports primary plate fixation of completely displaced midshaft clavicular fractures in active adult patients .
periprosthetic fractures are becoming more frequent with the aging patient population and can occur intraoperatively or postoperatively .
while the kreyenhagen is normally an impermeable shale body , where it is highly fractured it is a productive unit in its own right , as oil then collects in the fractures .
the glass present in fracture - filled diamonds can usually be detected by a trained gemologist under the microscope : the most obvious signs — apart from the surface - reaching bore holes and fractures associated with drilled diamonds — are air bubbles and flow lines within the glass , which are features never seen in untreated diamond .
vertical root fractures are a type of fracture of a tooth .
attempts to seal the ship 's multiple stress fractures with cylon resins fail , and adama reluctantly orders the ship to be stripped of armaments and other useful material and abandoned .
after the snow and ice melts , fissures and fractures can pose difficulty and danger , and avalanches from higher peaks of the mountain are a hazard .
more than 90% of clavicle fractures are successfully healed by non - operative treatment .
carmichael is mainly remembered for being the victim of violence in the 1971 tour where he received five fractures of the cheekbone , yet still played until final whistle .
interventions include cardiopulmonary resuscitation , defibrillation , controlling severe external bleeding , preventing shock , body immobilization to prevent spinal damage , and splinting of bone fractures .
the word brain ( adjacent ) , occurring eight times in this papyrus , describes the symptoms , diagnosis , and prognosis of two patients , wounded in the head , who had compound fractures of the skull .
his 1980 paper on " elastic wave behavior across linear slip interfaces " in the journal of the acoustical society of america has found wide application in geophysics , the seismic characterization of fractures and fractured reservoirs , materials science and ultrasonic non - destructive testing .
his body , with multiple wounds and fractures , was allegedly dumped from a car belonging to the moldovan ministry of internal affairs .
fractures are generally produced as strain due to natural stress on the rock , but they can also be created as a result of natural or man made hydraulic fracturing .
the tripod fracture , also called the zygomaticomaxillary complex or malar fracture , is composed of a set of three fractures .
weathering and erosion along north - trending faults and fractures influence the formation of landscape features , such as canyons , in this region .
there were many healed fractures , consistent with the life of a warrior .
in the elderly , distal radius fractures heal and may result in adequate function following non - operative treatment .
great care must be taken during pressure flaking so that perverse fractures that break the entire tool do not occur .
in 2002 , he agreed to conduct research for procter & gamble ( p&g ) to determine how the osteoporosis drug actonel prevents bone fractures .
some current studies indicate that osteoclast inhibitors such as alendronate and pamidronate may have beneficial effects on the quality of life by reducing osteolysis , thus reducing the degree of pain as well as the risk of pathological fractures .
in hospitals and institutions , the most common causes are infections , sepsis , burns , multiple trauma , fever , long - bone fractures , hyperthyroidism , prolonged steroid therapy , surgery and bone marrow transplants .
people with scapular fractures often also have injuries of the ribs , lung , and shoulder .
walder and hallet developed models that predicts rock crack - growth locations and rates consistent with fractures actually observed in the field .
she was severely hampered by a series of stress fractures in 2001 which ruled her out of the world championships .
the cast iron made for an accurate gun , but was brittle enough to suffer fractures .
if a large black powder motor is dropped , or is exposed to many heating / cooling cycles ( for example , in a closed vehicle exposed to high heat ) , the propellant charge may develop hairline fractures .
for torus fractures a splint may be sufficient and casting may be avoided .
charcot arthropathy is a progressive musculoskeletal condition characterized by joint dislocation , fractures and deformities .
dendrochronology ( tree ring ) studies conducted on the oldest bald cypress trees growing in reelfoot lake found evidence of the 1811 - 1812 series in the form of fractures followed by rapid growth after their inundation , whereas cores taken from old bald cypress trees in the st. francis sunklands showed slowed growth in the half century that followed 1812 .
osteochondrosis lesions include tiny fractures , fluid buildup , loose flaps of cartilage , or chips of cartilage loose within the joint .
vesselplasty is a sugical alternative in the treatment of vertebral compression fractures ( vcfs ) .
radial length is an important consideration in distal radius fractures .
in children the growth plates are open , which helps to manage a child ’s fractures .
because massive nacl is somewhat plastic and holes close under pressure , the rock becomes non - porous by effectively closing pores and fractures .
as tomjanovich approached the altercation , washington turned and threw a punch that landed squarely in the face of an approaching tomjanovich , causing numerous fractures in his face .
it is not recommended to strike solid objects for conditioning as micro - fractures in bone or other tissue tend to be a risk factor for repetitive strains or even more acute problems
fractures of the fingers occur when the finger or hands hit a solid object .
in september 1985 , an unmarked bus crashed into the car he was driving , causing the pastor to suffer multiple fractures .
in 1828 , doctors in berlin were treating leg fractures by aligning the bones in a long narrow box which was then filled with moist sand .
up to 50% of chance fractures have associated intraabdominal injuries .
one study found that pulmonary contusions were accompanied by fractures 62% of the time in children and 80% of the time in adults .
facial fractures that threaten to interfere with the airway can be reduced by moving the bones back into place ; this both reduces bleeding and moves the bone out of the way of the airway .
fractal escaped , causing a series of fractures in the fabric of reality .
the significant expansion and contraction caused fractures ; leaks were occurring and wood rot was a potential problem by 1980 .
this has the effect of collapsing the formerly intact rock above , forming extensive fractures , debris pipes , and open caverns .
chief among them include concussion , bone fractures , arthritis , trampling , and paralysis .
open fractures are obvious in the sense that bone may be exposed .
subsequently the fractures in the bones were discovered to be post - mortem ; that is , they were created by rock falls and other physical events within the cave .
these major changes , usually discontinuities referred to as fractures in the environment rather than trends , will largely determine the long - term future of the organization .
rather than exploiting natural nodespace fractures , however , zuul ships rip paths into nodespace directly .
gerhard küntscher is credited with the first use of this device in 1939 , during world war ii , for soldiers with fractures of the femur .
minor nasal fractures are allowed to heal on their own .
sternum fractures are frequently associated with underlying injuries such as pulmonary contusions , or bruised lung tissue .
they can also result from fractures sustained in an accident .
these brines then concentrated the base metals either along stratigraphic boundaries , or along fractures , faults or within structurally controlled ' traps ' ( such as the nose of a fold ) .
im nails have long been used to treat fractures of long bones of the body .
mudstone is weak and fractures readily , giving rise to dangerously loose rock along almost any route .
blood and bone marrow ( which contains stem cells ) seep out of the fractures , creating a blood clot that releases cartilage - building cells .
finally , mri has been shown to be 97% sensitive and 91% specific at detecting the fractures .
he also sustained a chest wound and ten chest fractures .
in a long - term undiagnosed period , osteopenia or osteoporosis of the ap spine may occur , causing eventual compression fractures and a back " hump " .
the floor of the caloris basin is filled by a geologically distinct flat plain , broken up by ridges and fractures in a roughly polygonal pattern .
in adults woven bone is created after fractures or in paget 's disease .
use of a traction splint while other fractures in the leg exist will cause the weaker fracture site to pull apart and not the targeted femur fracture .
during the cooling of a thick lava flow , contractional joints or fractures form .
how fractures occur .
a breakthrough in the use of non - corroding alloys for treating bone fractures prompted dr fritz straumann to enter the fields of orthopedics and dental implantology , which began the second phase of the company ’s history .
the 5 years data confirmed that strontium ranelate can reduce the vertebral fractures significantly no matter the risk factors of the osteoporotic women have .
microfracture surgery is one of the articular cartilage repair surgical techniques that works by creating tiny fractures in the underlying bone .
in a fit of rage and self - hatred , walter beats candy so badly he fractures his jaw .
orthopaedic issues range from acute problems such as fractures or hospitalization for joint replacement to chronic systemic disorders such as loss of bone density or lupus erythematosus .
the horse won 7 of 11 races at age two but stress fractures in both front shins ended his season earlier than planned .
these injuries range from bruises and muscle strains , to fractures and head injuries .
the nebari are featured in the episodes " durka returns " ( season 1 ) , " a clockwork nebari " ( season 2 ) , and " fractures " ( season 3 ) .
it occupies the extreme western part of the island , oriented along a similar northwest - southwest orientation , with many regional radial fractures marked by lava domes and spatter cones .
the pain eventually becomes debilitating , with fractures becoming more common as the bone weakens .
valente et al . ( 2005 ) show isolated occurrences of hexagonal fractures as evidence of trachyte lava flow .
the largest risks for pts are having an altered level of consciousness for a protracted time after the injury , severe injuries with focal lesions , and fractures .
rib fractures are usually quite painful because the ribs have to move to allow for breathing .
vertebroplasty is a medical spinal procedure where bone cement is injected through a small hole in the skin ( percutaneously ) into a fractured vertebra with the goal of relieving the pain of osteoporotic compression fractures .
his skull was fractured and he had fractures of one arm and several ribs , as well as internal injuries .
however , eaarnel simpson fractures his ankle in the previous game and ca n't play in west alabama game .
several of the southwest - northeast trending fractures that are prevalent in the region cut across jansha , forming canyons several hundred meters deep along jansha 's rim .
fractures that occur in the body may be vertical , horizontal , or comminuted ( involving multiple fragments ) .
the risk of fat embolism syndrome is thought to be reduced by early immobilization of fractures , especially by early operative correction .
" fractures in the facade of your porcelain beauty " is atreyu 's second ep , which was originally released on november 20 , 2001 , then released again on january 29 , 2002 , under the independent label tribunal records .
hydraulic fracturing is a process that results in the creation of fractures in rocks .
in 1851 utterhoeven , described the use of splints made from this material for the treatment of fractures .
with current technology osteoporotic fractures can be predicted with an accuracy of 60 - 70% or less ( tossing a coin would give 50% ) .
vascular complications of temporal bone fractures .
there is a statistically significant inverse relationship between consumption of carbonated beverages and bone mineral density in young girls , which places them at increased risk of suffering fractures in the future .
he observed one soldier left for several days on the battlefield who had sustained compound fractures of the femur and large flesh wounds of the abdomen and scrotum .
this process can cause the self - healing of fractures in particular conditions .
since the crater 's formation , numerous north - south trending fractures cut across the crater , forming canyons several hundred meters deep along the crater 's rim .
an autopsy indicated that the infant was delivered alive and that the cause of death was several head fractures and shaken baby syndrome .
the " classic " line - up fractures ( 1989–1991 ) .
according to the myth , thermal fracturing is a technique which uses thermally induced stress fractures to remove flakes .
bond 's career has been plagued with injuries , chiefly recurring stress fractures of the back .
dr. charles taylor utilized the stewart platform to develop the taylor spatial frame , an external fixator used in orthopedic surgery for the correction of bone deformities and treatment of complex fractures .
the sequence of phosphate transformations ended with the formation of cyrilovite within the fluorapatite fractures and the replacement of fluorapatite by lipscombite and crandallite - group minerals .
however the animal has several fractures around the metasoma .
rené le fort ( 1869 – 1951 ) was a french army surgeon from lille remembered for creating a classification for fractures of the face .
occasionally one of these processes deviates a little from the median line — a fact to be remembered in practice , as irregularities of this sort are attendant also on fractures or displacements of the vertebral column .
some patients may have linear or depressed skull fractures .
ductility can be quantified by the fracture strain formula_1 , which is the engineering strain at which a test specimen fractures during a uniaxial tensile test .
she underwent surgery at a hospital in san juan , where the fractures were corrected using bolts and a metal plaque .
longstanding chronic metabolic acidosis leads to osteoporosis and can cause fractures .
from the mid-1960s , however , fractures began to appear in the regime .
a change in running surfaces can also help prevent stress fractures .
a lugeon is a unit devised to quantify the water permeability of bedrock and the hydraulic conductivity resulting from fractures ; it is named after maurice lugeon , a swiss geologist who first formulated the method in 1933 .
because of this , thoracic surgeons generally intentionally remove a section of one or more ribs in an effort to prevent splintered rib fractures associated with the use of a rib spreader .
mild nasal fractures need nothing more than ice and pain killers , while breaks with severe deformities or associated lacerations may need further treatment , such as moving the bones back into alignment and antibiotic treatment .
peter gordon lawrence essex - lopresti frcs ed . ( 1916 – 13 june 1951 ) was a british orthopaedic surgeon remembered for describing the essex - lopresti fracture and for his work on classification and treatment of fractures of the calcaneus .
with no equipment he was confronted with crippling conditions of unhealed , infected , and malaligned fractures .
on review of all literature describing transchondral fractures of the talus , berndt and harty developed a classification system for staging of osteochondral lesions of the talus ( olts ) .
the impact caused several fractures within the cranium , causing blood to emerge from the nose , ears and mouth . "
most hip fractures follow an impact due to a lateral fall .
even rapidly immobilized fractures may require surgical treatment , including use of the herbert screw to bind the two halves together .
in 1989 raphael had a car accident and suffered multiple fractures in his right arm .
with the advent of both lap and shoulder belts in the 1980s , chance fractures have become less common .
this treatment can also be offered for displaced fractures after the fracture has been reduced .
this evidence includes proof that the baboons usually did not die from natural causes , and that the majority suffered from malnutrition , fractures , osteomylitis , and vitamin d deficiency .
he claimed two wickets but in that very match , stress fractures in his back from the previous injury had re - opened and lee was in a back brace for over three months .
only a powerful internal explosion , he reasoned , could have caused such clean , sharp fractures .
the wynbring area , a large part of the western fowler domain , covers approximately 2,000 square kilometres and consists of fractures that may include intrusion of mafic - ultramafic bodies with potential for nickel sulphides , chromite and platinoids .
the geothermal waters of paralana hot springs , located at wooltana , north of arkaroola , issue from major earth crustal fractures in this vicinity that date back one billion years .
after cleaning the calcified cartilage , the surgeon creates tiny fractures in the adjacent bones ( through the use of an awl ) .
veins of minerals containing various metals commonly occupy faults and fractures in structurally complex areas .
salter - harris fractures can occur on epiphyseal plates .
some standing wheelchairs may be driven from the standing position , however there is some medical concern of an increased risk of long bone fractures while driving due to the legs being under a heavy load .
as a result of the body scavenging for calcium from bones ; the bones may become fragile , brittle and weak , which in prolonged states can lead to osteoporosis and or bone fractures .
on september 21 , 2009 , in his first and main dance for the season nine premiere episode , delay donned a sequined , leopard - print lined vest ( as part of an outfit he called " elvis meets animal print " ) and put on orthopedic shoes ( he sustained pre - stress fractures in his feet during training ) to perform the cha - cha - cha ( complete with air guitar , knee - sliding , finger - pointing , and hip and rear action galore ) to the troggs ' 1966 hit song " wild thing . "
severe angulation may mimic fractures .
the tectonic deformations on venus occur on a variety of scales , the smallest of which are related to linear fractures or faults .
dzurisindocumented a well - developed pattern of linear lithospheric fractures in the quadrangle that predate the period of heavy bombardment .
in arm fractures in children ibuprofen has been found to be equally effective as the combination of acetaminophen and codeine .
stress fractures commonly occur in sedentary people who suddenly undertake a burst of exercise ( whose bones are not used to the task ) .
although most facial fractures do not follow the patterns described by le fort precisely , the system is still used to categorize injuries .
similar symptoms can also occur secondary to petrous fractures or to nasopharyngeal tumours .
nonunion is rare ; almost all of these fractures heal .
fractures may also occur in the bones of the palate and those that come together to form the orbit of the eye .
some benefits of using an estrogen supplement such as reduced risk of bone fractures were confirmed by these studies .
once fractures are formed , melt and/or volatiles will typically invade , widening the fracture and promoting the foundering of host rock blocks ( i.e. stoped blocks ) .
the chevron crush process , developed in partnership with los alamos national laboratory , injects heated carbon dioxide into the formation via drilled wells and heats the formation through a series of horizontal fractures in which the gas circulates .
a particularly weak part of the skull that is vulnerable to damage causing extradural haematoma is the pterion , deep to which lies the middle meningeal artery which is easily damaged in fractures of the pterion .
his main injury complaint has been stress fractures .
bryant 's traction is mainly used in young children who have fractures of the femur or congenital abnormalities of the hip .
these are : wrinkly , loose skin over the face , abdomen , and extremites ( hands , feet ) on the dorsal sides usually worsened by chronic joint laxity and hyperextensibility ; fragmented elastic fibers of the skin that are reduced in number , with disorientation of collagen fibers ; osteopenia and osteoporosis , with associated fractures ; malar hypoplasia ( underdeveloped cheek bone ) , maxillary hypoplasia ( underdeveloped upper jaw ) , mandibular prognathism ( protrusion of the lower jaw and chin ) , bowed long bones , platyspondyly ( flattened spine ) related to vertebral collapse ; kyphoscoliosis ( scoliosis with kyphosis , or " hunch back " ) , metaphyseal peg ( an unusual outgrowth of metaphyseal tissue which protrudes into the epiphyseal region of the bone , near the knee ) ; and the overall physical effects and facial appearance of dwarfism with premature aging .
pulmonary laceration is suspected when rib fractures are present .
the fractures may be natural or induced ( see below ) .
stress fractures occur less frequently in those of black african descent than in caucasians , due to a generally higher bmd ( bone mineral density ) in the former .
the original bedrock in the area was fractured and a powder of crushed rocks was forced into all the fractures .
displaced fractures of the ulnar styloid base associated with a distal radius fracture result in instability of the distal radioulnar joint and resulting loss of forearm rotation ( figure 6 ) .
this includes the construction of metacarpal iii , as well as repeated fractures in the furcula , possibly caused by prone to heavy loads or pressure ( carpenter and lipkin , 2005 ) .
dry steam plants take steam out of fractures in the ground and use it to directly drive a turbine that spins a generator .
it was later determined that the welded construction combined with the grade of steel used had caused significant brittle fractures that caused a sudden break .
greenstick fractures occur almost exclusively during infancy and childhood when one 's bones are soft .
in order to support the theory and also to confirm the cause of the skull fractures , the crash was simulated at the royal aircraft establishment in farnborough , using the same conditions of the actual plane prior to crash .
a great deal of interest had been aroused in europe around 1800 by a british diplomat , consul william eton , who described a method of treating fractures that he had observed in turkey .
also , girls statistically have fewer fractures than boys .
the two largest entrances , asterisk and first drop , are in small , shallow dolines or sink holes formed at the intersection of three or more sets of fractures .
prior to that , treatment of such fractures was limited to traction or plaster , both of which required long periods of inactivity .
transillumination may reveal unseen fractures .
his work was never fully appreciated in his own lifetime , but when his nephew , sir robert jones , applied his splint during the first world war , this reduced mortality of compound fractures of the femur from 80% to less than 8% in the period from 1916 to 1918 .
it was decided to use the boiler already in 3801 , however the inner firebox had suffered thermal fractures and would need extensive repairs .
better ways to prevent osteoporotic fractures are needed .
andronicos , c. l. , phipps morgan , j. , chang - hamblock , j. m. * , and wolf , d. e. * , ( 2008 ) , melt - filled hybrid fractures in the oceanic mantle : melt enhanced deformation during along - axis flow beneath a propagating spreading ridge axis , doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2008.06.035 .
scientists on board saw deep fractures of the plates in the ocean crust off the coast of eureka .
in 1960 a burmese orthopaedic surgeon , dr. san baw ( 29 june 1922—7 december 1984 ) , pioneered the use of ivory hip prostheses to replace ununited fractures of the neck of femur when he first used an ivory prosthesis to replace the fractured hip bone of an 83 year old burmese buddhist nun , daw punya .
coupled " finite-"/"distinct - element " codes , e.g. elfen , provide for the modelling of both intact rock behaviour and the development and behaviour of fractures .
hyuui and shuren manipulate wind and flame respectively to slice their opponents , whereas fudou fractures his opponents with brute force .
rosie successfully completed the journey , and despite stress fractures in both legs that turned the final few miles back to tenby a hobble on crutches , returned to her home on 25 august 2008 at 14:18 local time .
sometimes bruises can be serious , leading to other more life - threatening forms of hematoma , such as when associated with serious injuries , including fractures and more severe internal bleeding .
preotact is used in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of osteoporotic fractures .
the utilization of heavy fossil fuels or biomass rich in carbohydrates , ( c6h10o5)n , for fuels or chemicals requires an initial thermochemical process called pyrolysis which fractures large polymers to mixtures of small volatile orgranic compounds ( vocs ) .
shale has low matrix permeability , so gas production in commercial quantities requires fractures to provide permeability .
a depression formed by geologic fractures allowed the birth of present - day lake trasimeno .
they also see other diagnoses including amputations , multiple fractures , neurological and neuromuscular disorders , multiple sclerosis , general deconditioning , guillain - barré syndrome , and west nile virus , among others .
osteoporosis itself has no specific symptoms ; its main consequence is the increased risk of bone fractures .
paramedics also treat for severe pain , i.e. burns or fractures , with narcotics like morphine sulfate , pethidine , fentanyl and in some jurisdictions , ketorolac .
individuals with jefferson fractures usually experience pain in the upper neck but no neurological signs .
material fractures can be intergranular fracture or a transgranular fracture .
those with fractures are more thoroughly evaluated .
coleman is also a survivor of a near - fatal car accident , in which he suffered multiple pelvic fractures and severe brain injuries .
in self - defense application , or when applied improperly or with excessive force , leglocks can cause muscle , tendon and ligament damage , even dislocation or bone fractures .
frost crack is a form of tree bark damage sometimes found on thin barked trees , visible as vertical fractures on the southerly facing surfaces of tree trunks .
in running and jumping movements , extreme contraction of the knee extensors can result in avulsion fractures of the tuberosity apophysis .
fractures that form during exfoliation tend to cut corners .
primmer fell from galloper hyped when rounding the home turn at warrnambool and suffered head injuries and neck fractures .
krugel suffered multiple skull fractures , internal bleeding and multiple lacerations to his head , face and brain .
during a friendly against fc midtjylland over the 2007 - 08 winter break , white was involved in an accidental collision , which resulted in three facial fractures that required surgery .
vitamin d supplementation alone does not prevent fractures , and always needs to be combined with calcium .
leavitt sustained several fractures in his hip ( he walks with a limp ever since ) , vertebrae and ribs in the accident , and was placed on intensive care .
pathological fractures can arise in affected metaphyses and diaphyses of the long bones and are common ( 26% ) .
healing of the tibial and fibular fractures eventually occurred after 18 months .
fracture mechanics dictates that each minute localised fracture has to satisfy the general rule that the elastic energy released as the bond fractures has to exceed the work done in plastically deforming it and in creating the ( very tiny ) fracture surfaces .
the twin down tube , or duplex frame , was used on the 650 twins , as a result of frame fractures on the bonneville .
the skeleton of an adult male was found with partially healed rib fractures and supports the theory that males used their ' horns ' to fight each other .
soon after this she suffered a couple stress fractures that kept her out of the game for nearly a year .
bone weakness : women who switched to arimidex ( after two years on tamoxifen ) reported twice as many fractures as those who continued to take tamoxifen ( 2.1% compared to 1% ) .
metaphyseal dysplasia , also known as pyle 's disease , pyle 's syndrome , pyle - cohn syndrome , and bakwin - krida syndrome is a rare disease in which the outer part of the shafts of long bones is thinner than normal and there is an increased chance of fractures .
rockwood & green ’s fractures in adults in 2 vols
some bone tumors may weaken the structure of the bone , causing pathologic fractures .
description : " flow movements in bedrock include deformations that are distributed among many large or small fractures , or even microfracture , without concentration of displacement along a through - going fracture " ( varnes , 1978 )
it is found in fractures in aluminous metamorphic rock , in hydrothermal regions and in phosphate rock deposits .
major enhancements include support for hydraulic fractures , sector modeling , multi - threading of several modeling processes , and improvements to the 3d seismic autotracking workflows .
three of them had fatal injuries : the body of thibeaux - brignolle had major skull damage , and both dubunina and zolotarev had major chest fractures .
because of these considerations , the ovx rat model is widely used for the studies relating to the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in general as well as studies relating to the healing of osteoporotic fractures .
exploration involves finding vast blocks of " hot rocks " with fracture systems that could generate electricity through water being injected , circulated through the fractures , and being returned to surface as steam .
in preventing falls and the bone fractures that often result from them , enhancing bone mineral density is not the only important issue .
during world war one , further advances were made in providing care before and during transport – traction splints were introduced during world war i , and were found to have a positive effect on the morbidity and mortality of patients with leg fractures .
fanelli lay unconscious while twitching and foaming at the mouth before being rushed to hospital in critical condition with skull and orbital bone fractures .
the bones also showed traces of numerous healed fractures , probably the result of on - board accidents .
the syndrome manifests more frequently in closed fractures of the pelvis or long bones .
people with mandibular fractures often have pain and difficulty opening their mouths and may have numbness in the lip and chin .
trap rock is a form of igneous rock that tends to form polygonal vertical fractures , most typically hexagonal , but also four to eight sided .
elevated levels of homocysteine have been linked to increased fractures in elderly persons .
is currently conducting two different phase 3 clinical trials ; first , a pivotal phase clinical trial for the treatment of serious side effects of androgen deprivation therapy ( especially vertebral / spine fractures and hot flashes , lipid profile , and gynecomastia ) for advanced prostate cancer , and second , a pivotal phase iii clinical trial for the prevention of prostate cancer in high risk men with high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia , or pin .
it injects an electrically conductive material such as calcined petroleum coke into the hydraulic fractures created in the oil shale formation which then forms a heating element .
by doing this fractures " spider - web " throughout the subsurface so that pumps may be placed in the ground to suck out the contaminated water through these cracks .
after about 19 months , 14% of the women taking placebo had new vertebral fractures , as compared with 5% of the women taking 20 micrograms of teriparatide and 4% of the women taking 40 micrograms .
in addition to direct treatment of the plasma cell proliferation , bisphosphonates ( e.g. pamidronate or zoledronic acid ) are routinely administered to prevent fractures and erythropoietin to treat anemia .
varieties of dislocation of joints ( sandhimukta ) and fractures of the shaft ( kanda - bhagna ) are given systematically .
scaphoid fractures are often diagnosed by x - rays .
recharge may also occur by saturated flow when water bypasses the soil matrix as it moves to depth in macropores ( e.g. root holes , fractures ) .
it was later discovered that while panoramic films can prove very useful in detecting and localizing mandibular fractures and other pathologic entities of the mandible , they were not very good at assessing periodontal bone loss or tooth decay .
transgranular fractures are similar to wooden jigsaw puzzle pieces with the grains showing , but with each piece having grains running in a different direction .
in the united states , 250,000 wrist fractures annually are attributable to osteoporosis .
a rare genetic bone disorder characterized by benign bone growths which can cause painful swellings and bone deformities and makes bone prone to fractures .
