deer - vehicle collisions have occurred since roadways have been built in close and direct proximity to direct habitat , also known as deer habitat fragmentation .
examples include austria , where the mainstream parties of the left and right have often formed grand coalitions to keep parties of the far left or far right out of government ( an example of a " cordon sanitaire " ) , or israel , where in some parliaments the fragmentation and intransigence of some of the smaller parties has made it easier to maintain a coherent platform with a grand coalition than with a narrow one .
sting grenades ( also called rubber ball grenades ) are based on the design of the fragmentation grenade . instead of using a metal casing to produce shrapnel , they are made using two spheres of hard rubber .
he worked on applied physics including vision , camouflage , army signals , quality control , road research , infra - red detection , metrology , uhf radio propagation , general radar , bomb - fragmentation , rockets and asdics and on operational research .
following additional tests published in a third article , the authors stated they thought their research suggested the changes were “ … due to degeneration of large numbers of egg chambers after dna fragmentation of their constituent cells … ” .
a grob fragmentation , named for the british chemist cyril a. grob , is an elimination reaction taking place when an electrofuge and nucleofuge are situated in positions 1 and 3 on an aliphatic chain .
the concept of land tenure has been described as a " spatial fragmentation of proprietary interests in land " .
in the case of the anti - abortion movement , there has been considerable fragmentation between the federation of right to life associations and right to life australia .
because fragmentation produces overlapping fragments , sequences can be concatenated by overlapping sequence information , thereby reconstructing contiguous sequences ( contigs ) , which was first exemplified by the complete structure of a plant dna virus .
the site was decommissioned and placed in a state of care & maintenance in the mid 1990s following the fragmentation of the soviet union and the end of the cold war .
however , the construction of new roads ; habitat loss and fragmentation from agriculture , logging and cattle ranching ; and subsistence hunting ; together with the monkey 's naturally low population densities , slow maturation , low reproductive rate , and a restricted geographic distribution have led to this species ' current critically endangered status.[1 ]
one solution to the problem of habitat fragmentation is to link the fragments by preserving or planting corridors of native vegetation .
thales australia also manufactures an f3 practice grenade , being a non - fragmentation replica of the f1 , which produces an audible output and white smoke to indicate functioning , and is used for training .
by mid - month , she had completed a second bizerte - palermo run ; and , on the 17th , as messina fell , she was caught in an air raid and took a small shell or small fragmentation bomb near the after 3-inch gun .
his neo - kantian approach laid the foundations for sociological antipositivism , asking ' what is society ? ' in a direct allusion to kant 's question ' what is nature ? ' , presenting pioneering analyses of social individuality and fragmentation .
problem of device fragmentation .
during the empire 's decline , and after its fragmentation and collapse in the 5th century , varieties of latin began to diverge within each local area at an accelerated rate , and eventually evolved into a continuum of recognizably different typologies .
the local nature of both fragmentation events likely indicates regulation by katanin because it can be concentrated in specific cellular regions .
the column entered lae unopposed by the japanese but aircraft of the fifth air force strafed the 2/33rd infantry battalion and dropped parachute fragmentation bombs , wounding two men .
fragmentation of the bears ' habitat is a serious threat to their survival and the eastern bears in particular are at risk from endogamy .
on the other hand , for gas chromatography - mass spectrometry , the total ion counts of different species in a mixture may not produce peaks of similar area per unit of analyte due to the different susceptibilities of fragmentation .
feudal anarchy led to the fragmentation of the empire during the reign of tsar stefan uroš v.
world health organization ( who ) expressed its concerns about the consequences of the palestinian internal political fragmentation ; the socioeconomic decline ; military actions ; and the physical , psychological and economic isolation on the health of the population in gaza .
" the end of the pax mongolica was marked by political fragmentation of the mongol empire and the outbreak of the black death in asia which spread along trade routes to much of the world .
fragmentation , anti - armour and smoke grenades were available for the m7 .
the main threat to this genus is changes in agricultural practices , which have led to local population declines and range fragmentation , although neither species is threatened globally .
silesia , a duchy which became independent in the 12th century during the fragmentation of poland , was ruled by the local piast dynasty .
at 06:40 hours the artillery fire plan began , 20 minutes later american b-26 marauders released 563 tons of fragmentation bombs , from –
automation for real - time case tracking eliminates gaps in the service delivery process and reduces redundancy and fragmentation of services .
his book collage city ( with fred koetter ) is his theoretical treatise that sets out various analyses of urban form in a number of existing cities known to be aesthetically successful , examining their actually existing urban structure as found , revealing it to be the end product of a ceaseless process of fragmentation , the collision / superimposition / contamination of many diverse ideas imposed on it by successive generations , each with its own idea .
fragmentation .
the fragmentation warhead can be replaced with a nuclear , biological or chemical warhead .
rubin , barnett r. " the fragmentation of afghanistan : state formation and collapse in the international system . "
although its orbit is rather different from those of the main two groups , it is possible that the comet of 1680 is also related to the kreutz sungrazers via a fragmentation many orbits ago .
additionally , habitat fragmentation leads to edge effects .
specialised ammunition is available for armour piercing , incendiary and directed fragmentation .
doe 's fall led to the political fragmentation of the country into violent factionalism .
the fragmentation of the attached tag generates a low molecular mass reporter ion that can be used to relatively quantify the peptides and the proteins from which they originated , using software such as the freely available i - tracker .
with the collapse of the umayyad state shortly thereafter and the increasing fragmentation of the muslim world , the byzantine navy was left as the sole organized naval force in the mediterranean .
glass trigatrons are often enclosed in a woven wire mesh , to provide protection from fragmentation if the device explodes due to internal overpressure .
fragmentation .
fragmentation , anti - armor and smoke grenades were available along with an adapter to enable the use of hand grenades .
despite the fragmentation of the fea , teachers in florida still were able to achieve a major collective bargaining victory .
however , excessive fragmentation can make the problem worse , since the increased overhead will increase congestion .
fragmentation reactions result in low - molecular - weight compounds which may be volatile and may contribute to flavor .
students participating in this programs work to assist local stakeholders and landowners address rainforest depletion and fragmentation .
fragmentation .
the syrians charged into the outpost courtyard and some managed to penetrate the upper western opening into the top storey , throwing fragmentation and stun grenades and firing into the work rooms .
the fragmentation of the great comet of 1882 itself demonstrated that this was plausible .
this split in marked the first significant religious fragmentation in the region .
fragmentation causes land transformation , an important process in landscapes as development occurs .
the return to use of the helmet was prompted by the need to defend against high explosive fragmentation , and further developments in materials led to effective bullet - defeating armor within the weight acceptable for infantry use .
fragmentation is the accumulation and projection of particles as the result of a high explosives detonation .
at least some anti - ballistic missiles ( abms ) use shrapnel - like warhead instead of the more common blast / fragmentation ( blast / frag ) type .
although packet fragmentation is often thought of as something bad , and does indeed add a large overhead , reducing throughput , sometimes it is necessary .
a database search is then performed using the fragmentation data to identify the labelled peptides and hence the corresponding proteins .
amelio cited several problems at apple including a shortage of cash and liquidity , low quality products , lack of a viable operating system strategy , undisciplined corporate culture , and fragmentation in trying to do too much and in too many directions .
it eventually became a tribute paying feudatory of the pandyan empire in modern south india in 1258 , gaining independence later with the fragmentation of the pandyan control .
ion attachment ionization is a newer soft ionization technique that allows for fragmentation free analysis .
the subsequent fragmentation of the authority of the abassids resulted in the waning of the authority of the exilarch beyond persia .
common threats to primate species include deforestation , forest fragmentation , monkey drives ( resulting from primate crop raiding ) , and primate hunting for use in medicines , as pets , and for food .
this , and similar pieces of legislation , were seen to overstep the crown 's prerogative , and elizabeth , opposed to their fragmentation or suspension , was against the bill , though ignorant of the abuses that monopolies had brought .
his primacy has been marked by much speculation that the anglican communion ( of which the archbishop of canterbury is symbolic head ) is on the verge of fragmentation and by williams 's attempts to keep all sides talking to one another .
the player can only carry two firearms , which can be swapped with those left on the battlefield , and also carries both fragmentation and smoke grenades .
the gay activist and author michael scarce criticized the concept of " gay bowel syndrome " in his book " smearing the queer : medical bias in the health care of gay men " ( 1999 ) , saying that " gay bowel syndrome has been , and remains today , a powerful tool for the specific surveillance , regulation , definition , medicalization , identification , and fragmentation of gay men 's bodies . "
" the central apneas may in fact be secondary to sleep fragmentation during the titration process . , there has been no alternate convincing evidence produced that these central sleep apnea events associated with cpap therapy for obstructive sleep apnea are of any significant pathophysiologic importance .
very recent fragmentation studies by ft icr - ms strongly support this ' island ' molecular architecture refuting the ' archipelago ' molecular architecture .
this was superseded by the steel cased vog-25 fragmentation grenade .
the guns can fire high - explosive fragmentation shells , which have a muzzle velocity of about 650 m / s and an effective radius of 50 - 150 meters .
this fragmentation was decisive in khwarezmia 's defeats , as it allowed the mongols , although exhausted from the long journey , to immediately set about defeating small fractions of the khwarzemi forces instead of facing a unified defense .
such incentives should refer to a common eu definition applied across the community , to avoid a fragmentation of the internal market , and cover all relevant emissions taking into account both air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions requirements .
the main threats posed by these projects are local changes in hydrology , the need for fire suppression , and habitat destruction and fragmentation .
fragmentation is a very common type of vegetative reproduction in plants .
this process is called " hadronization " , " fragmentation " , or " string breaking " , and is one of the least understood processes in particle physics .
the resource fragmentation hypothesis was first proposed by janzen & pond ( 1975 ) , and says that as species richness becomes large there is not a linear increase in the number of parasitoid species that can be supported .
the postclassic ( beginning ad 900 - 1000 , depending on area ) is , like the late classic , characterized by the cyclical crystallization and fragmentation of various polities .
lasch 's earliest argument , anticipated partly by his mentor richard hofstadter 's concern with the cycles of fragmentation among radical movements in the united states , was that american radicalism had at some point in the past become socially untenable .
a fragmentation grenade exploded july 4 , saturday night , in the first floor of the offices of " canal 11 " , the same buildings where " el tiempo " is located .
such fragmentation creates both opportunities and problems .
the police later discovered two fragmentation grenades that had been thrown at the stage by " unknown persons " .
packet fragmentation can also be used to improve throughput in noisy / congested situations .
the caste system based on birth became strong and gave rise to further fragmentation .
external fragmentation is where enough memory is free to satisfy a request , but it is split into two or more chunks , none of which is big enough to satisfy the request .
the offensive began with the largest air bombardment in support of ground forces yet , with more than a thousand aircraft dropping 6,000 tons of high explosive and fragmentation bombs from low altitude .
in the years just prior to world war ii , more and more countries adopted spigot - type rifle grenade launchers and various finned rifle grenades , using anti - personnel ( fragmentation ) as well as anti - tank warheads .
the most important threat to the population of the eurasian woodcock in the breeding range is the increased fragmentation of its woodland habitat .
this situation is worsened by the fragmentation of user interface systems ( uiq vs s60 vs moap ) , meaning that developers need to build and maintain multiple incompatible versions of their software if they want to target multiple devices which use the same underlying symbian os version .
fragmentation of care is a risk for patients with chronic diseases , because frequently multiple chronic diseases coexist .
six year passed from 1972 to 1978/1980 until discovery and evaluation of internucleosomal fragmentation of dna during apoptotic cell death as a hallmark of apoptosis .
the western provinces of silesia and pomerania were lost after the fragmentation , and poland began expanding to the east .
necrosis , on the other hand , is characterized by random dna fragmentation which forms a " smear " on agarose gels .
in october 1937 the district was integrated gradually losing its originality , as in many other places , under pressure from its communist partners , who advocated a cooperative basis to small farmers , industry and services arising from the fragmentation .
therefore it is not necessary to worry about fragmentation in a linux system . "
the templars were joined by 15 families of landless farmers ' sons from the rhine , who could n't inherit any estate from their parents ' possessions due to an over - fragmentation of their estate .
in " the precious fragmentation " howard reveals that his father left his family when howard was 11 .
( see also apoptosis dna fragmentation . )
in that sense the harmony and the careful position of the elements in his paintings , with the hallucinating fragmentation of text , comes from the kabbalah , koran , bible and readings of the occult .
he developed the first practical means to implement on industrially significant scales dr e rizzardo ’s reversible addition - fragmentation chain transfer ( raft ) method of controlled radical polymerisation .
in 1992 , the liberal democratic party under drnovšek 's leadership won the parliamentary elections , but due to a high fragmentation of the popular vote had to ally itself with other parties in order to form a stable government .
human alteration of the landscape , primarily through fragmentation , has the potential to alter important cross - boundary subsidies to increasingly isolated habitat patches .
fragmentation and invasion , ( 1138–1295 ) .
he writes that the fragmentation of the words " illustrates visually the separation that is the primary cause of loneliness " .
the warhead case and charge generate a moderate amount of fragmentation , which can pass through many obstacles without stopping .
in economics , fragmentation means organization of production in which different stages of production are divided among different suppliers that are located in different countries .
fragmentation of the beiyang army ( 1916–18 ) .
mixtec sacrality appears as the primary agent of reconciliation between cultural identity and territorial fragmentation .
the algorithm uses the fragmentation header to make sure that the reassembled frames are in order .
towards the end of the mughal period , with the fragmentation of the empire and the elite system , urdu came to gradually replace persian as the lingua franca among the educated elite in northern india , though persian still retained much of its pre - eminence ..
the conquest of constantinople in 1204 would see the fragmentation of what little remained of the empire into successor states , the ultimate victor being that of nicaea .
it also creates habitat that connects other habitats , which helps lessen the problem of habitat fragmentation .
only the biggest planetesimals survived the fragmentation process and continued to slowly grow into protoplanets by accretion of planetesimals of similar composition .
latin , however , was eventually revived as a spoken language as well ( medieval latin ) , and political fragmentation gave rise to independent states roughly the size of chinese provinces , which eventually generated a political desire to create separate cultural and literary standards to differentiate nation - states and standardize the language within a nation - state .
as a result of the feudal fragmentation of pomerania , belgard was part of pomerania - wolgast from 1295 and pomerania - stolp from 1368 .
the dysfunction as well as the ideological fragmentation and fractionalisation of the junta was finally out in the open .
the primary threat comes from destruction and fragmentation of velvet worm habitat due to industrialisation , draining of wetlands and " slash and burn " for agriculture .
from this , the user can select sections of the disk , see a list of the files in that section , information regarding individual file fragmentation and compression , in which folder they are located , and which sections are reserved for system use , among other information .
their fragmentation , however , could be turned , when the need arose , into a superior form of political organization ( a " state " ) .
fragmentation can both cut off necessary subsidies to patches and increase the magnitude of subsidies from adjacent patches .
the majority of land in the wildway is privately owned and at risk to land subdivision and habitat fragmentation .
in " the fragmentation of reason " he briefly sketched a form of epistemic relativism " in the spirit of pragmatism . "
a main hurdle on the way to heart - stopping new horizons of cheap highest performance are cs - related educational deficits causing the configware / software chasm and a methodology fragmentation between the different cultures of application domains .
a typical load was 182 ( maximum 200 ) 2 kg ao-2,5 - 2 fragmentation bombs , or 144 ptab-2,5 - 1,5 anti - tnk heat bombs .
the report continues by saying iraqi police and iraqi army soldiers , mistaking the stun grenades for fragmentation grenades , opened fire at the blackwater team , to which the blackwater team responded .
the degradation and fragmentation of its habitat and its low spawning success are believed to be key reasons for its decline .
the random nature of fragmentation required the military vest specification to trade off mass vs. ballistic - benefit .
rtp - midi does not alter the midi messages in any way ( all messages defined in the midi norm are transported transparently over the network ) , but it adds additional features such as timestamping and sysex fragmentation .
by the time of the mexican - american war the comanches had systematically raided and pillaged large portions of northern mexico , resulting in sustained impoverishment , political fragmentation , and general frustration at the inability -- or unwillingness -- of the mexican government to disicipline the comanches .
in addition to the sc-20 k rifle , 5 - 7 sc pistol , and sc protector knife , sam uses several other weapons and gadgets such as the m67 fragmentation grenades , rapid - release smoke grenades , emp grenades to disable surrounding electronics , stun grenades , a laser microphone ( which was separate from the goggles in the first and second games , and the next generation version of the fourth ) , a fingerprint scanner , and a retinal scanner .
recent models of the aim-9 are configured with an annular blast fragmentation warhead , the wdu-17b by argotech corporation .
fragmentation .
the ammunition load included high explosive - fragmentation and anti - tank rounds and designers also planned to introduce the bk5 m heat rounds which penetrated 390 mm thick armour .
the use of multiple bomblets over a single he projectile allows for a denser and less wasteful fragmentation field to be produced .
the mines consist of a small tnt explosive charge inside a hollow cylindrical - cast iron fragmentation sleeve .
while conventionally viewed as small metal shards moving at super- to hypersonic speeds , fragmentation can occur in epic proportions and travel for extensive distances .
the fragmentation in the movement from the top down into rival camps has not seriously impeded chabad 's activities around the world - indeed , it continues to open new institutions on a regular basis .
tandem mass spectrometry , also known as ms / ms , involves multiple steps of mass spectrometry selection , with some form of fragmentation occurring in between the stages .
gaussguns can be targeted using neural nanonics and fire two types of ammunition - fragmentation and electron - explosive ( ee ) .
after the fragmentation of the kingdom of georgia , they allied with the kings of kartli , namely luarsab i in 1548 , in their effort to prevent samtskhe from being lost to the saffavid dynasty of iran .
as the bombing had been timed to coincide with swapo 's daily roll - call on the parade ground , most of the guerrillas in the camp were standing out in the open when the canberras initiated their low - level fragmentation bomb attack from the north .
individual file fragmentation occurs when a single file has been broken into multiple pieces ( called extents on extent - based file systems ) .
kpnlaf forces were adept at the use of landmines , particularly blast mines such as the pmn-2 and m-14 , as well as bounding fragmentation mines such as the m16a2 and the m2a4 .
the resource fragmentation hypothesis is one of two hypotheses that seek to explain the distribution of the ichneumonidae .
this is done to reduce external fragmentation and minimize the number of disk seeks when reading a large amount of consecutive data .
fragmentation and small packets .
the duchy was created in 1315 in the aftermath of the ongoing 12th century fragmentation of poland and the duchy of silesia .
one aspect of the smaller caliber ammunition that is sometimes hotly debated is its fragmentation behavior .
mortar rounds landing on concrete create a unique fragmentation pattern that looks almost floral in arrangement .
the helpers only inspect one packet at a time , so if vital information for connection tracking is split across two packets , either due to ip fragmentation or tcp segmentation , the helper will not necessarily recognize patterns and therefore not perform its operation .
one big challenge that the party faced during this time was the fragmentation of estates , that desrupted the livelihood of ordinary indian workers .
the western provinces of silesia and pomerania were lost after the fragmentation , and poland began expanding to the east .
the raptor ii can be fitted with both fragmentation and penetration warheads .
the recent increase in branded entertainment is one of the consequences of the fragmentation of media and the decline in the power of the traditional 30-second tv spot .
epistemic communities also have brought attention to the habitat fragmentation and decline of biodiversity on the planet .
since the ss190 projectile does not rely on fragmentation or the expansion of a hollow point , the cartridge and pistol are considered suitable for military use under the hague conventions of 1899 and 1907 , which prohibit use of expanding or fragmenting bullets in warfare .
greatly diffused in the past , the sharecropping never produced an extreme land fragmentation .
he was involved in the fragmentation of the spanish republican movement in this period together with estanislao figueras , manuel ruiz zorrilla , emilio castelar y ripoll , and valentí almirall .
january 2007:operation fragmentation group show boma gallery , ohio
fire suppression , overgrazing , and habitat fragmentation also have contributed to the decline of the species .
currently , only one issue has been released with materials from the ncep modules : " introduction to marine conservation biology " , " assessing threats to conservation planning and management " , " ecosystem loss and fragmentation " , and " biodiversity conservation and integrated conservation and development projects " ( icdps ) .
these species also faced with habitat fragmentation and loss .
these techniques involved catalytic chain transfer polymerization , iniferter mediated polymerization , stable free radical mediated polymerization ( sfrp ) , atom transfer radical polymerization ( atrp ) , reversible addition - fragmentation chain transfer ( raft ) polymerization , and iodine - transfer polymerization .
apoptosis inducing factor is involved in initiating a caspase - independent pathway of apoptosis ( positive intrinsic regulator of apoptosis ) by causing dna fragmentation and chromatin condensation .
a large number of lichens disperse very effectively by means of symbiotic vegetative propagules such as soredia , isidia and blastidia , and thallus fragmentation .
groth notes that the elections showed a progressively increasing fragmentation of the polish electorate ; a steady and significant increase in the proportion of ethnic minority voting ; the rapid rise of the polish socialist party as a major force within the far less stable and cohesive polish left ; and the substantial weakening of the right by piłsudski 's supporters , as the bbwr , despite its claims of being above traditional party divisions in fact attracted support mostly from the right .
it reproduces primarily vegetatively by fragmentation and by rhizomes and turions ( overwintering buds ) , and flowers are rarely seen .
the m79 fired a 40-mm shell which contained a standard fragmentation grenade with a modified fuze .
the crew and engine compartment is heavily armoured and the cab is fitted with bullet and fragmentation - proof windows .
the dissolution of gran colombia in 1830 complicated matters further , with peru later arguing that the convenio de girón ceased to apply with the fragmentation of one of the signatories .
sequential hypothesis testing for determining the fragmentation point .
the dfs does not support data fragmentation , but free space on the disc is prone to becoming itself fragmented and random - access file writes would then fail when the end of the file reaches the beginning of the next , even though there may be free space elsewhere on the disc .
the efficiency of the importing and editing process is heavily dependent on the amount of file fragmentation of the hard disk .
because of this fragmentation fault zones are easily infiltrated by groundwater .
the vog-30 is similar but contain better explosive filler and an enhanced fragmentation design that greatly increases the effective blast radius .
internally the mine has a 100 gram main charge around which a mixture of plaster of paris and steel fragments is poured to form a fragmentation liner .
instead it involves interlukin-1β converting enzyme ( ice ) activation , which is similar to granzyme b. this ultimately leads to dna fragmentation .
the nearly pure proportional representation system of the first republic had resulted not only in party fragmentation and therefore governmental instability , but also insulation of the parties from the electorate and civil society .
the term ballistic nylon takes its name from the fact that it was intended to protect its wearers from flying debris and fragmentation caused by bullet or artillery shell impacts .
species are classified in nine groups , set through criteria such as rate of decline , population size , area of geographic distribution , and degree of population and distribution fragmentation .
kuczewski , m.g. ( 1997 ) fragmentation and consensus : communitarian and casuist bioethics , washington d.c. georgetown university press .
the classic period through the postclassic are differentiated by the cyclical crystallization and fragmentation of the various political entities throughout mesoamerica .
this will further habitat fragmentation of this area making it hard for animals that reside in the plantation to move from one part of their habitat to another part of their habitat ( mcginley 2007 ) .
ecological fragmentation and the local extinction of many food species made life a struggle .
habitat fragmentation is also a serious threat to the existing populations .
techniques for mitigating fragmentation .
after the brazilian declaration of independence from portugal in 1822 , the brazilian army was created to defeat the portuguese resistance ( especially in bahia ) but also to avoid a fragmentation of the new brazilian empire .
given the pace at which territorial division , fragmentation and ethnic cleansing had occurred , the plan was already obsolete by the time it was announced .
specifically , kienbock 's disease is another name for avascular necrosis ( death and fracture of bone tissue due to interruption of blood supply ) with fragmentation and collapse of the lunate .
the rgd-5 hand grenade is a post world war ii soviet anti - personnel fragmentation grenade .
the containment of fragmentation not only depends on the on - disk format of the file system , but also heavily on its implementation .
in fact by the application of strict classical form to his late romantic indulgences , such as overwrought polyphonic complexities and excessive chromaticization of tonal harmony , scriabin succeeds in preventing the disintegration and fragmentation of his musical language .
springborg , robert , mubarak 's egypt : fragmentation of the political order , westview press . boulder , co . ,
logging , conversion to banana plantations and cattle - ranch expansion have resulted in widespread forest clearance and severe fragmentation , particularly in costa rica .
in times of the fragmentation , the duchy of kuyavia was created .
the kākā is a species that needs large tracts of forest to thrive , and the continued fragmentation of forests due to agriculture and logging has a devastating effect on this species .
the early years of the pgftu were marked by fragmentation and political division .
given its altitudinal range , it might be affected by habitat fragmentation in the long term .
a variant called the no 7 contains shrapnel , making it a primitive fragmentation grenade .
given the fragmentation , it was the intermediary ties of " shugo " vassalage , and the " shugo " role as provincial governor , that helped to integrate the disparate forces to some degree .
wrocław was the capital of the duchy of silesia , yet this early ( 1172–1248 ) duchy of silesia should not be confused with the smaller duchy of wrocław that was created with further fragmentation in 1248 .
in the case of the lemurs of madagascar , which have suffered extensively from deforestation and habitat fragmentation , nearly 25% of all species are either endangered or critically endangered , most have yet to be extensively studied , and nearly all populations are in decline .
if the first partition is not fat32 or is smaller than 1 gb the bulk of user data on that partition will still be intact but without the root directory and fat it will be difficult to find it especially if there is significant fragmentation .
with merely placing the verses in two lines , one per hemistich , and taking into account the fragmentation and holes that the " mocedades " contains , the nature of the spanish romance is well explained , with assonance rhyming in the pairs of octosyllables , the beginning " in medias res " and ending interruptions , in addition to an elevated component of novelistic fiction in the recreation of historic events .
in the era that followed , the clubs from central germany saw an improvement in their performance , which can be attributed to the de - fragmentation of league football in the region and the increased playing strength of the two new leagues .
the term hollow - cavity bullet is used to describe a hollow point where the hollow is unusually large , sometimes dominating the volume of the bullet , and causes extreme expansion or fragmentation on impact .
the fragmentation round has a muzzle velocity of 1,175 m / s .
the lower energy yields less fragmentation , and usually a simpler spectrum .
this was the reason that even after the fragmentation of poland their interest in the polish matters was still strong .
habitat fragmentation .
it can also fire flares or special frag-12 18.5 mm fin - stablized he , heap , and sensor fused heab " air - burst " fragmentation shells that can detonate in mid - air .
net framework ) usually use some hybrid of the various strategies that have been described thus far ; for example , most collection cycles might look only at a few generations , while occasionally a mark - and - sweep is performed , and even more rarely a full copying is performed to combat fragmentation .
this split in marked the first significant religious fragmentation of the country .
it also enabled the fougasse to be tripwire activated , turning it into a anti - personnel fragmentation mine .
the principal threats to its existence are deforestation , habitat fragmentation , and hunting pressure .
the ffw project aims to help protect the soldier by providing full - body bullet and fragmentation protection .
her work focuses on empty spaces , large planes , fragmentation and repetition .
the thracians served under scythian kings at 310 bc.odrysian military strength was based on intra - tribal elite making the kingdom prone to fragmentation .
the f1 was used up to world war ii , where it served as france 's primary fragmentation grenade .
one of the biggest problems was the decline of the empire and fragmentation of the british colonies — after egypt , sudan was the next to become independent in 1956 — which put paid to the colonial part of the dream .
because knowledge is increasing , some fragmentation of disciplines is inevitable .
complexity versus fragmentation .
fragmentation .
believers continued to practice their religion at home , but the lack of access to public gathering places contributed to the hoa hao community 's isolation and fragmentation .
the greatest challenge that mic faced during his presidency was the fragmentation of estates , the livelihood of almost all indian workers .
both are influenced by fragmentation and limited preservation , but in different ways .
the commission anticipates an increasingly technologically , economically , and socially integrated world , i.e. increasing globalization amidst social and political fragmentation .
fragmentation of a molecule can take place by a process of heterolysis or homolysis .
access control mechanisms that simply control who has access between systems result in stove - piped information silos , " walled gardens " , and increased network fragmentation . " policy appliance "
it was the party that dominated slovenian politics between 1992 and 2004 , when it lost the elections to the slovenian democratic party , and subsequently suffered a political fragmentation .
the population of the eagle declined as a result of forest fragmentation , shooting , and nest destruction , resulting in local extinction of the species in belize .
the reforms were , however , frustrated by the continued territorial fragmentation of the empire .
in an essay titled " poetry : schools of dissidents , " the academic poet daniel hoffman wrote , in " the harvard guide to contemporary american writing " which he edited , that as he grew older , creeley 's work tended to become increasingly fragmentary in nature , even the titles subsequent to " for love : poems 1950 - 1960 " hinting at the fragmentation of experience in creeley 's work : " words , pieces , a day book " .
however , it 's been found that the dm12 's armor killing abilities are limited by the lack of blast and fragmentation effects , and that the round is less valuable against lightly armored targets .
they soon had branches in russia , persia and turkey and after the fragmentation of the hunchaks in the mid-1890s , they became the dominant nationalist force in russian armenia .
in this way , it represents a local example of the fragmentation of proprietary interests .
springborg , robert , mubarak 's egypt : fragmentation of the political order , westview press . boulder , co . ,
as part of this effort , the japanese army had adopted by 1932 a set of fragmentation grenades with almost universal adaptibility .
the gun can fire a variety of ammunition including apds ( armour piercing discarding sabot ) , heat ( high - explosive anti - tank ) , he - frag ( high - explosive fragmentation ) as well as shrapnel projectiles with time fuses .
the ip fragmentation buffer full exploit occurs when there is an excessive amount of incomplete fragmented traffic detected on the protected network .
however , the downside of using larger page sizes is internal fragmentation .
it remains unclear whether wildlife crossings can reduce the extensive habitat fragmentation caused by roads but preliminary results seem encouraging .
the advanced bomb suit ( abs ) is a full body ensemble that protects the explosive ordnance disposal ( eod ) soldier from threats associated with ieds , including those related to fragmentation , blast overpressure , impact , heat , and flame .
imas specifies standards for such equipment but draws attention to its limitations and states that at close quarters , antipersonnel fragmentation mines and antitank mines overmatch ppe currently available .
fragmentation .
during the cleavage stage , embryo evaluation is performed daily on the basis of the number , size , cell - shape and fragmentation rate of the blastomeres .
fragmentation analysis .
oscillatoria is an organism that reproduces by fragmentation .
this statement is used to display fragmentation information
compared to fragmentation grenades , the explosive filler is usually of a greater weight and volume .
internal fragmentation occurs when storage is allocated without ever intending to use it .
in this respect , " the disintegration of the persistence of memory " , which appeared in 1954 , in hearkening back to " the persistence of memory " , and in portraying that painting in fragmentation and disintegration summarizes dalí 's acknowledgment of the new science .
effusive eruptions are characterised by the outpouring of lava onto the ground ( as opposed to the violent fragmentation of magma by explosive eruptions ) .
threats of this species are consuming by introduced animals , habitat fragmentation and habitat modification .
the fragmentation of egypt with a pharaoh ruling in the north , and the high priests of amun ruling in thebes .
on detonation the mine will normally propel lethal fragmentation to a range of 90 meters .
explosions , detonations , and rumblings are often heard during meteorite falls , which can be caused by sonic booms as well as shock waves resulting from major fragmentation events .
