he flew directly there in july while eleanor led the children , aged 15 , 12 , and 8 , through europe and egypt from where they took a freighter for a slow voyage on to burma .
the story begins as a robot freighter carrying a cargo of extremely valuable trimetalisium energy crystals crash lands on the planetoid beta-7 .
she succeeded in damaging one freighter on 22 january .
the " pong su " ( 봉수호 ) was a 349-foot ( 106 m ) , 3743-tonne ocean freighter registered in tuvalu and north korean owned .
it is available in passenger , freighter and other versions .
the bridge was re - opened shortly after midnight , after the freighter was pulled free and inspectors had found no structural damage to the bridge .
during her second war patrol , from 19 april to 8 june , she scored hits on a freighter off kwajalein atoll and a submarine decoy q - ship west of truk atoll , then terminated her patrol at fremantle , australia .
this detonation , thought to have been caused by a torpedo exploding in the destroyer 's wake , caused her no serious damage , and she turned to the task of rescuing survivors from the sinking merchant freighter ss " santa elena " .
randolph"s pilots estimated that from 10 - 25 july they had destroyed 25 to 30 ships , ranging in size from small luggers to a 6,000 ton ( 5,400 tonnes ) freighter , and had damaged 35 to 40 others . "
he was the namesake of the canal - sized package freighter " j. h. plummer " , built in 1903 by armstrong whitworth & company ltd. at newcastle - on - tyne .
james swims back to the island and encounters juliet , who directs his attention to smoke coming from the ruins of the freighter .
originally designed as a passenger - freighter , the keel for the " cascade " was laid 6 july 1942 .
formerly a freighter named " kandelfels " , she was built by ag weser in 1936 , and was owned and operated by the hansa line , bremen .
ups airlines also operates freighter versions of the a300 .
on the following day , in the course of a day - long attack on a freighter , she sank a japanese minesweeper which was escorting the cargo ship .
based on information from a freighter captain " of questionable character " , jonathan archer leads " enterprise " to a mining colony within the expanse .
uboat.net reports that it was previously reported that " ub-36 " was rammed by the french freighter " molière " off the coast of ushant ; this attack , however , was on .
the west virginia coal was shipped via lake freighter from lorain , ohio .
the second great lakes freighter built by defoe was the 644 ' long s " richard m. marshall " ( defoe hull # 00424 ) which was constructed in 1953 for the great lakes steamship company , of cleveland , ohio .
the storm dragged the 197-foot venezuelan freighter " mercedes i " ashore the coast of palm beach and through a seawall , where it remained in a socialite 's backyard into early 1985 .
as the war ended the squadron re - equipped with the handley page halifax which it used as a freighter for transport command until the end of 1945 .
w. morrison , captain of the american freighter ss " alexander " , sighted this mountain while departing from anping harbor , in what is now anping , tainan .
it was under the command of jk brook rnr as convoy commodore , travelling in the norwegian freighter " rena " .
the hardy brothers embark on a freighter trip under mysterious circumstances and find themselves involved with a smuggling ring .
this was successful , and as a part of the agreement of forming finncarriers as a joint subsidiary of finnlines and finland steamship company the latter withdrew from the finland — germany passenger service , selling their " finlandia " to finnlines ( in exhange for the ro - ro freighter ) .
however , environmental officials estimate that up to 1.28 million liters of thick fuel oil ( 338,000 us gallons ) leaked from the freighter .
after two weeks of no attacking , " u-38 " sunk the greek steam freighter on october 17 , sailing as part of convoy sc-7 , from sydney , nova scotia to england .
the kinai maru was a 8360 gross ton freighter built by mitsubishi shipbuilding & engineering company ltd , nagasaki , japan , in 1930 for osaka shosen kaisha for the yokohama - new york .
the story takes place 3 a.b.y. awarru tark arrives aboard the star destroyer avenger in a yt-1300 freighter , answering darth vader ’s call for bounty hunters to find the millennium falcon .
during the three and one - half hours of action , " trigger " sank two tankers , " shiriya " and " shoyo maru " , and a freighter , " argun maru " , for a total of 20,660 tons of enemy shipping .
later on , a body washes ashore and daniel identifies it as being the doctor from his freighter .
those who previously received star billing in season four , but will not in season five include claire littleton ( emilie de ravin ) , who follows an apparition of her deceased father into the forest and later appears in a moving cabin that is home to a semi - invisible man on the island and michael dawson ( harold perrineau ) , who died when the freighter exploded .
delivered in 1990 , this md-11 was the first owned by pegasus to be leased to korean airlines as a passenger airliner and the converted to a freighter in 1995 .
the series 151 was the equivalent freighter .
bccs operated a fleet of 14 passenger ships made up of a number of princess ships , pocket versions of the famous ocean going empress ships along with a freighter , three tugs and five rail car barges .
" u-862 " unsuccessfully attacked the greek freighter " ilissos " off the south australian coast on december 9 , with bad weather spoiling both the attack and subsequent australian efforts to locate the submarine .
on 3 june 2007 the uss " carter hall " , a landing ship dock engaged pirates attacking a freighter , but failed to repel them .
scully concludes her investigation , thinking that the creature was brought to the u.s. by a russian freighter that was hauling salvage from chernobyl .
he tells locke that the people from the freighter are already on their way back to the island and the only way to keep it safe is to have the island moved .
sand lance " did not find another target until 1 august when she damaged a freighter south of lombok island .
bell is credited as a guest star in the fourth season of " lost " and played the role of the freighter teams radio contact , regina .
he continued to write english thriller stories , while he worked at various jobs from shipping out on a freighter to working as a bartender in a country inn .
she had one success , sinking a small british freighter on 2 august before she headed for her new home .
the 7131-ton british freighter " corinaldo " was damaged by both " u-509 " and " u-659 " before being sunk by " u-203 " .
it was a russian freighter ship that was 120 metres ( 131 yards ) long and broke apart into two pieces with the bow above and water and the stern underwater .
by the time danielle rousseau and her freighter crew shipwrecked on the island , in 1988 , many of the facilities on the island have been abandoned , including the radio tower .
early that morning , the boat " respond " collided with a freighter near the mouth of the fraser river , in british columbia .
meant to carry passengers or cargo to distant navy bases , but after a brief evaluation the prototype was demilitarized in the mid-1940s , returned to convair , and sold to american airlines as a freighter .
jack and kate were in the process of moving towards the helicopter from the freighter , with jack inadvertently thinking the dropped satellite phone from frank was a message to follow the crew .
communications intercepts and the code books taken from " afric star " earlier that day revealed the target 's identity : the 5,273-ton british freighter " eurolychus " , with a cargo of bombers for the gold coast ( now ghana ) .
his mission is twofold ; posing as an employee of howell petroleum , he and his team will attempt to sink the " reine de la mer " , a german replenishment ship posing as a neutral freighter ; he will also try to reestablish contact with his estranged father , who is among the most powerful men in argentina and is the architect of the impending military coup to overthrow the sitting president .
of the 1,300 new zealanders to serve in the malayan emergency between 1948 and 1964 , fifteen lost their lives , including only three killed as a result of enemy action and the crew of a bristol freighter which flew into a mountain in 1956 .
he found a convoy of seven ships , including the " magnificent passenger freighter " " taiyo maru " ( 14,500 tons ) .
a third sa226 ( a merlin iva version converted as a freighter ) was added to the fleet and on the evening of 9 march 1994 this aircraft was destroyed ( in what was jetcraft 's only fatal accident ) when it hit a mountain between armidale and tamworth while on its daily scheduled freight run from bankstown to northern new south wales and return .
wdio news anchor dennis anderson has been with the station since 1970 and was the first local tv anchor to announce the sinking of the ore freighter edmund fitzgerald which sank in lake superior on november 10 , 1975 .
on the morning of 15 may 1943 , the american destroyer departed brisbane to escort the 11,063 ton new zealand freighter " sussex " on the first stage of the latter 's trans - tasman voyage .
on 29 march 1919 , the freighter arrived in philadelphia , pennsylvania , and , after unloading , began preparations for demobilization .
it is the haunt of freighter pilots and a host of other dangerous characters and contains booths , a bar counter , and some free - standing tables .
ishmael 's search of the maritime records reveals on the night that carl heine died a freighter had passed through the channel where carl had been fishing at 1:42am , just five minutes before his watch had stopped .
the following day the sub headed into iburi wan ; she sighted one convoy but was unable to close , but later sank the 6,000 ton freighter , " taibun maru " , with three bow shots .
built by danziger werft in danzig 1938/39 as the freighter " bielsko " for the gdynia - america - line ( gal ) , she was requisitioned by the kriegsmarine at the outbreak of world war ii and converted into the hospital ship " bonn " and in summer 1941 into auxiliary cruiser " michel " , commissioned on 7 september 1941 .
the final voyage began when she cleared quebec city , quebec , canada in tow of the polish tug " jantar " on august 11 , 1987 along with the former us steel freighter " t. w. robinson " bound for recife , brazil , for dismantling .
events lead to a climactic showdown aboard a tramp freighter , where doyle finally confesses his half - demon heritage — and his love for her — to cordelia , and proves that he , like angel , is a champion in his own right .
on july 16 the british freighter " wendover " was attacked without warning , as she was seen to be armed .
while there , they are contacted by sayid ( who has finally arrived safely on the freighter ) and are informed about desmond who believes he is bouncing from 1996 to 2004 constantly .
she torpedoed and heavily damaged a freighter .
during a second stint with the msts that began in 1954 , " mission san francisco " collided with the freighter " elna ii " in the delaware river coast and was declared unsalvageable by the u.s. navy .
a helicopter from the , responding to a telephoned report of a hijacking , flew over the freighter on 30 october and radioed a demand for the attackers to surrender .
freighter versions of the 747x and 747x stretch were also studied .
the second spread ran true , hitting a 6,854-ton freighter .
additionally , a 30,000 ton freighter broke in half amidst rough seas produced by the storm .
she swung to fire at the tanker as the freighter exploded and sank , then was confronted by an escort apparently planning to ram .
in reality , however , the " black freighter " pages for the comic - within - a - comic were all drawn by series - artist dave gibbons .
the czechoslovakian arms were delivered on a swedish freighter named alfhem which departed from the polish port szczecin .
less controversial , however , was the sasr 's involvement in the boarding of the north korean freighter mv pong su in 2003 .
the rocc resembles more of an extra - large freighter truck with trailer in tow .
she then became the british freighter " federlock " which was captured in 1940 by the japanese , who renamed the ship the " hakusan maru " .
1966 : spent year sailing pacific coast on freighter carrying salt from mexico ( baja ) to usa and canada .
it also can be used for commercial uses as a freighter .
missing a freighter with torpedoes on the night of 20 july , " thresher " surfaced in a rain squall before daybreak the next morning .
by the late 1910s , these spans urgently needed replacing , in large part because they interfered with the federal government 's plans to dredge the rouge river to provide freighter access to the ford river rouge complex .
the last ship built by the delaware river works was fittingly a vessel for ocean steamship , the 5,600-ton passenger freighter " city of savannah " , delivered in august 1907 .
by the light of a full moon , she sighted a large freighter directly ahead and fired a three - torpedo spread at the target .
the ss " fort stikine " was a 7142 gross ton freighter built in 1942 in prince rupert , british columbia , under a lend - lease agreement , and was named for fort stikine , a former outpost of the hudson 's bay company located at what is now wrangell , alaska .
sayid tells jack that he may be able to communicate with the freighter roughly 130 kilometres offshore .
she was built as a freighter , but was requisitioned by the swedish navy in 1943 .
sayid returns to the beach on the freighter 's zodiac .
this led the german department of defense to abort the planned attack on the freighter for now and the gsg-9 unit returned to their base of operations at the airport of mombassa , kenya .
it was the second tower to be demolished after a collision with a foreign - flagged freighter .
in 1936 , " monticello " was converted to diesel power using a fairbanks - morse power plant and rebuilt as the freighter " penaco " .
hardberger 's first book was " deadweight : owning the ocean freighter " ( 1994 ) , a textbook on ship ownership .
on 23 november 1943 , she torpedoed and sank a 2000-tonne german freighter .
il-76 " candid " , a heavy ramp freighter , is one of the most efficient and demanded aircraft .
he then offers to retrieve charlotte without bloodshed , in return gaining a helicopter flight to the freighter anchored offshore .
he dedicated this trip of several weeks on a freighter to the composition of piano pieces .
while serving out of guantanamo bay in mid - february 1963 , she took part in the search for and tracking of " anzoategui " , a venezuelan freighter which was seized by cuban - oriented leftists off santo domingo .
later , he reserves a room on a freighter headed for shanghai .
on october 1 , the british motor freighter was torpedoed and sunk .
on 3 october 1954 the last silver city flight to le touquet was operated by bristol freighter g - aifv .
freighter katsuragsan maru ( 葛城山丸 ) 2,428 tons , sunk on jan 4th 1944 north east off moen
fahey was not given an overarching overview of his character , nor were any of the other new freighter folk , which he found exciting , creating a level of intrigue amongst the cast and crew as well as fans .
the foundered ss daniel j. morrell , a lake freighter which split in two and sank in 1966 with a loss of 28 lives , also lies off the shore of michigan 's thumb , but outside the boundaries of the underwater preserve .
although judged beyond repair by the air force , it eventually returned to freighter use in new guinea for some time after the war .
the british coal burning freighter " fort camosun " was on her maiden voyage carrying zinc , lead , and plywood from victoria to britain .
a unique style of bulk carrier known as the lake freighter was developed on the great lakes .
stonehouse wrote that wreck of " the " mather " is one of the best known examples a wooden freighter still available for examination .
poor weather continued to plague the submarine 's hunting until , on 13 november , she sighted a freighter and a tanker escorted by three warships .
it had a military technical school with an operations ramp which during the 1990s had an ilyushin il-76 freighter jet and two bombers .
the submarine ran up her periscope , but an explosion filled the air with debris and obscured " saishu maru " from view as the freighter sank .
the engine alliance offers the gp7200 for the airbus a380 passenger and freighter configurations .
cruising off the coast of japan itself , " grayling " sank her first ship 13 april , sending the cargo freighter " ryujin maru " to the bottom .
she helped co - ordinate the search for survivors from the trawler " ocean monarch " off fair isle , in 1980 and recovered many of the bodies when the freighter " radiant med " sank off guernsey in 1984 .
ben sends alex , karl and danielle to the temple for extra safety , but on the way they are ambushed by mercenaries from the freighter who are looking for ben , resulting in karl and danielle being shot .
while with force w covering malta convoy ws.19 during the operation , " liverpool " and the convoy came under attack by at least 38 axis aircraft on 14 june ; " liverpool " was crippled and the dutch freighter " tanimbar " sunk .
she was rebuilt as a freighter by deutsche werke , and served in this capacity until she was broken up in 1930 .
the airline is planning to move to freighter aircraft and has laid off most of their passenger aircraft crew .
the submarine continued on patrol until 23 october , when she contacted a large convoy consisting of three tankers , a transport , a freighter , and numerous escorts .
the first segment , " pre - production " , addresses scott 's and shows some clips of filming the pool hall and ambush scenes as well as a clip showing the planning of the freighter scene .. " tony 's touch " details casting and the changes made for the episode .
caribbean airlines operates cargo services using a wet - leased boeing 767 freighter from abx air of the united states .
the most dramatic example of this was the storm of the century in 1993 , but other smaller - scale events ( such as the storm which caused a freighter to strike and partially collapse the original sunshine skyway bridge in may 1980 ) occur every few years .
the freighter " miike maru " opened seattle 's japan trade by docking there august 31 , 1896 .
the ship then identified as the australian freighter ss " woniora " .
no larger loss of lives has occurred in the lake freighter fleet since the bradley 's sinking .
this success was followed in her second patrol with another victim , this time a dutch freighter , and her third patrol scored a british cargo ship as well .
she was retired from service on june 13 , 1983 , and stored in hamilton , ontario until the following year when she was cannibalized for parts , and her bow and midbody ( minus the forward wheelhouse , stern accommodations , and machinery ) were joined with the stern of the coastal package freighter " chimo " to create the new ship " canadian ranger " .
jolles thereby secured an entry permit into brazil and was able to flee france aboard a freighter from marseille in 1942 .
the freighter is a somewhat bulbous and cumbersome - looking aircraft .
they were later rescued by the american oil - tanker " r.g. stewart " , which transferred them to the american freighter ss " city of joliet " and landed at antwerp , belgium .
on 1 may a small inter - island freighter was sunk , but an alert enemy antisubmarine group shook " flying fish " considerably before she could clear the area .
the use of pockets and chutes allows loading the dock asynchronously of its discharge into the freighter .
" diploma " arrived at pearl harbor 12 january 1945 with the disabled u.s. army freighter " fs-318 " in tow .
three hit a large gasoline tanker , and the fourth plowed into a freighter .
in april , she rescued survivors from the japanese coastal freighter " koei maru number 2 " which sank about south of the entrance to tokyo bay .
cardig air leased two boeing 737 - 300 freighter aircraft which arrived in jakarta on october 2008 , and full operations started in january 2009 serving customers on both scheduled and chartered basis .
a passing tellarite freighter sends a garbled message directing them to an automated repair facility , with a warning about some undefined " cost " for using it .
if they had scuttled the freighter , it could have been counted as negligence on the part of herbert to have allowed it to happen .
the doctor instructs everyone else to stay in the tardis while he and adric explore it ; the two are soon captured by the freighter 's security forces when they happen upon the bodies of dead crew members , and are taken to meet captain briggs .
the longest - serving msc ship was " yapalaga " , a freighter built at the bristol yard in 1920 .
the forward section of the ship bobbed like a cork , so " atule " surfaced to finish off the freighter with gunfire .
he came back to england penniless , working his passage on a dutch freighter .
she caught up with the convoy on the afternoon of 5 june , and after nightfall , let go a spread of six torpedoes which sank the 3,080-ton freighter , " tamahime maru " , and the 7,006-ton passenger - cargo ship , " takoka maru " .
the freighter ss " carlton " sounded her siren to warn the leading ships in column eight , but it was too late : the weapon was heading straight for the midship section of the liberty ship ss " christoper newport " , at the head of that column .
the eventual provision of competing fast ferry services by large hovercraft ( the sr.n4 ) meant that the age of the car - carrying airliner that commenced with the bristol freighter concluded with the carvair .
the fifth ship , a freighter , is still in service .
triton " sighted a freighter on 28 july , but lost it in a fog bank .
these attacks sank the 5,425-ton freighter " yoshida maru " , which was carrying an entire regiment of the 32nd division .
one of the queens ends up in the hold of an ocean - going freighter loaded with sugar , which is then overrun by the ants and subsequently sunk by a us navy cruiser .
at the start of the 1961/2 winter timetable in november 1961 , bua 's fixed wing fleet numbered 43 aircraft comprising bristol britannia and vickers viscount turboprops , as well as douglas dc-6 and bristol 170 freighter piston airliners ( the latter operated by channel air bridge ) .
the freighter 's radio operator kept up a steady stream of distress signals , until another shell from " thor " hit the bridge , killing him and knocking out the radio , and setting the bridge on fire .
unfortunately , the new zealand - harbored ss berwind is n't exactly the luxury ocean liner he dreamed of commanding -- it is a utilitarian freighter whose captain has recently died .
on the morning of 11 december , she sighted a freighter with one escort rounding cape st. george and launched two torpedoes at the merchantman .
the ships crept along with " wakiva ii " taking station on the freighter .
freighter canoes can travel from fort albany to calstock and return whenever the water levels are sufficient to make river travel possible .
cpt gumprich sent his seaplane to strafe the freighter , but was driven off when the " thor " opened fire on the " wellpark " .
the screw steamer " scindia " was a steel - hulled freighter built in 1890 by d & w henderson ltd. , glasgow , scotland .
but as result of the growing tension between japan and the ussr she was never handed over but rather was completed as an ice - breaking cargo freighter for the tatsunan kisen co.
they traveled from there to havana and then sailed on a russian freighter to the soviet union .
set pieces , computer consoles , and various props were moved in to dress the ship as the space freighter .
also in 1947 , the first bristol freighter was leased .
kira suggests that they adapt the planet 's defences for use on the freighter , and then they head after the bird of prey .
the british lost 3 aircraft and inflicted only minor damage on a small freighter and harbour facilities .
doyle is happy to hear this , but before he can officially ask her , angel arrives and announces that the freighter needs to leave .
the pong su incident occurred during april 2003 when members of special operations command ( australia ) intercepted and boarded the pong su , a 4,000 ton north korean ocean freighter in australian territorial waters .
on saturday ( 13sep08 ) , the us coast guard sent the tugboat " rotterdam " to rescue the crew of a disabled freighter , " antalina " , carrying 22 people , hours after the ship had survived hurricane ike , without any means of escaping .
the following day " grayback " intercepted four marus with one escort and sank freighter " england maru " and damaged two others before she was forced to dive .
eventually , at 1512 the subchaser uss sc-195 came alongside and relieved the freighter of the towing chores to take the plane back to hampton roads .
many of corbett 's books were written while at sea , as he and his wife traveled extensively via freighter .
the 34th tactical fighter squadron performed strike missions in support of a recovery operation for the ss mayagüez , a merchant freighter captured by cambodian khmer rouge guerrillas in may 1975 .
any damage the freighter sustained must have been minor ; the cargo ship sailed from new york for san francisco two weeks later .
the mv nankai maru was a 8416 ton freighter built by mitsubishi shipbuilding & engineering company ltd , nagasaki , japan , in 1933 for osaka shosen kaisha .
crowded with passengers , she was still alongside the remains of the dock , with a freighter moored close behind so she could not clear without the aid of tugs .
at precisely the hour that lanser predicts , the freighter is sunk by a german u - boat commanded by a kapitan leutnant lanser .
a 3,743-strong refugee group was found hiding on board the danish freighter " clara mǣrsk " and were accepted as refugees .
as a child , doc grew up in space with his father going from one deep - space freighter assignment to another .
its freighter ( maskargo aircraft are airbus a300 - 600 , boeing 747 - 200f and boeing 747 - 400f while its subsidiaries ( firefly and maswings ) are atr 72 - 500 , de havilland canada dhc-6 - 300 twin otter and fokker 50 .
" lisbon maru " was a japanese freighter which was used as a troopship and prisoner - of - war transport between china and japan .
in the fourth season episode " the constant " , it is revealed that minkowski and a freighter crew member named brandon tried to sneak off the boat in the zodiac to get a closer look at the island .
on 24 october , the day " kingfish " entered her patrol area , she spotted freighter " ikutagawa maru " and sent her to the bottom off chichi jima retto .
he returned to california via the persian gulf , turkey , sri lanka and various pacific islands , in 1958 , voyaging as a crewman in the engine room on the oil freighter " sappa creek " , and took up residence at marin - an again .
rose watches on as jack contacts a nearby freighter that he believes has came to rescue them .
built by blohm & voss in hamburg in 1930/31 as the freighter " kurmark " , she was requisitioned by the kriegsmarine at the outbreak of world war ii and converted into the auxiliary cruiser " orion " , commissioned on 9 december 1939 .
having concluded that the face was viable they were at the end of august in karachi waiting for a freighter to take them home .
later , the same ship overtook them and was revealed to be us army freighter .
she served as freighter in turkish waters as one of the first ships under the flag of the newly established turkish republic .
wauf remains as the captain of the " messis " , which reverts to being a freighter again in peacetime .
it became the first third - country freighter airline to fly direct between china and the united states on 22 may , 2003 when flights commenced from singapore to xiamen , nanjing and onwards to chicago .
freighter dai ni hino maru ( 第２日野丸 ) 999 tons , sunk off off 6th fleet anchorage near uman island
that evening , " triton " attacked another freighter with two torpedoes at a range of .
uss " monrovia " ( ap-64 ) was a " crescent city " class attack transport of the united states navy , built from a c-3 delta commercial freighter design , and was named for the birthplace of president james monroe , located in westmoreland county , va.
during operation enduring freedom , spanish navy marine snipers shot cables hanging from the mast to the bridge of the north korean freighter " so san " , smuggling scud missiles through the waters of socotra island .
after the war , he traveled by freighter to india , where he used an old army ambulance as a darkroom and mobile headquarters for a 40,000-mile photo survey of the sub - continent .
it is the only a380 engine that can be transported on a boeing 747 freighter .
the ss " valley camp " is a freighter boat that served on the great lakes for almost 50 years and is currently serving as a museum ship in sault ste .
then , on the 24th , she got underway for bermuda and searched en route for survivors from the freighter ss " santa catalina " which had been sunk . " tumult " discovered debris and a life ring on the 26th but failed to find any survivors .
while going down the river the canadian freighter passed the upbound " midland prince " .
the british - chartered freighter was eventually captured and later sunk by the " galerna " .
crews also rescued 25 survivors of the collision between the cedarville and the topdalsfjord in 1965 , and 19 survivors from the fire aboard the canadian freighter cartiercliffe hall in 1979 .
in april 1947 the 205-ton south african freighter " border " ran aground to the south of the port while attempting to ride out a storm .
the only reported shipwreck caused by bertha was when the corazon , a greek freighter capsized and sank during the storm .
r2-d2 and c-3po return to " twilight " , and anakin , padmé and obi - wan reunite at the spice freighter .
in january 1905 , " city of everett " collided with the norwegian steam freighter " leif eriksson " north of charleston , south carolina . "
convinced that the freighter would pass without incident , captain markov of the " admiral nakhimov " retired to his cabin , leaving his second mate alexander chudnovsky in charge .
the follow - up episode " return to grace " shows dukat being disgraced with the cardassian military as a result of this move , reduced to commanding a freighter with ziyal and his deputy damar .
with this order , atlas air remains the leader in providing the capacity and operational flexibility required by our air cargo customers using the state - of - the art freighter platform , " said william j. flynn , president and ceo of atlas air worldwide holdings .
he was eventually rescued by a russian freighter .
" tang " contacted a convoy consisting of a freighter , transport , and four escorts on the evening of 26 february .
" william c. cole " departed oahu on 1 august in company with , as part of the screen for the oilers and ; the seaplane tender ; the escort carriers and ; the refrigeration ship ; and the merchant freighter ss " cape pillar " .
to carry out its mission the centre chartered an old freighter , the aragonese , which was quickly transformed into a research vessel , giving the organisation a sea - going capability .
october 15 , 1880 a terrible storm called the alpena gale destroyed seven ships near this lighthouse , and on october 12 , 1928 , the freighter m.j. bartelme went aground in the fog at this location after attempts to free the ship failed .
the salvage vessel trained both monitors ( large deck - mounted water guns ) and a 2 1/2-inch hose on the wreck and between 1605 and 1745 , fought the fire that ravaged the freighter .
she was identified as the 8,022-ton british freighter " craftsman " , carrying an anti - submarine net for freetown .
the mv " s venus " is an freighter of panamanian registry , attacked by somali pirates on january 1 , 2009 .
in 1967 , pacific western became the first commercial operator of the lockheed hercules freighter .
although there are claims that his last " hardy boys " book , " the phantom freighter " , was actually written by his wife amy , his biographer marilyn greenwald concluded that this was unlikely .
during the next two weeks she operated in the south china sea and took part in freeing ss " excellency " , an american merchant freighter , from a reef on triton island in the paracels .
she arrived in sydney as deck cargo onboard the freighter " gladstone star " on 3 september 1967 .
" winifred " initially operated on the new york - to - puerto rico route , and is reputed by some to have been the first american tramp steamer , i.e. , a freighter steaming on non - scheduled , cargo - carrying runs between a varying slate of ports rather than on a fixed route and schedule .
the survivors attempt to make contact with a freighter which they believe is there to rescue them .
one ship was hit , the panamanian steam freighter on august 18 .
at the freighter , cordelia figures out some last - minute details and prepares to make the confirmation call .
on november 9 , 1974 , the , a japanese lpg tanker , collided with the " pacific alice " , a liberian freighter , in tokyo bay . 3 hours after the collision , a major explosion and fire occurred on the tanker , which was a unique design carrying both naphtha and lpg .
according to the digital file scrolling behind ripley as seen in a deleted scene added to the " aliens " special edition , during the inquiry of the destruction of the " nostromo " freighter ship , her birthday is listed as 6/10/03 , but possibly she was born on 6/10/2103 contradicting the listed 2092 here .
the last freighter in service , which flew for instone airline then later returned to new zealand , was bought from surplus by hawkair in terrace , british columbia , canada .
freighter seiko maru ( 星光丸 ) ?
when the distant early warning line ( dew line ) was being constructed in canada in the late 1950s , the avro york was introduced as a freighter by associated airways .
having been raised by his great aunt , miss leonis phair , simon accepts an invitation to travel by freighter to venezuela with a long lost cousin , forsyth phair .
on june 14 , the greek steam freighter .
" u-230 " torpedoed the 2868-ton british freighter " egyptian " on the night of 6 - 7 march .
in january 1960 , this versatile ship rescued the entire 41-man crew of japanese freighter " shinwa maru " during a storm in the south china sea .
she abandoned her family , disguised herself as a man , and stowed away on a freighter bound for mexico , joining a banana boat crew once there .
the family returned to the states on a dutch freighter , and jack and his sister jill grew up in la jolla , and later moved to the neighborhood near the local beach " wind'n sea " , where the best surfing conditions on the california coast still prevail .
instead of complying , the freighter , the " ramb i " , rose the italian colours and engaged the cruiser in a short battle .
[ the ] beginning of the end ' … but you clearly ca n't have everything in every episode . " " times james poniewozik said that " what amazed [ him ] about this episode was the economy and precision with which it introduced … the crew of the downed chopper from [ the freighter ] .
seizing a german freighter .
emerald " deadeye " flint is soon picked up by a freighter and dropped off in magellan where his first mission is to bring himself and an attache to el topo , emerald 's boss , to el topo 's base in a rusty old ship named ' hiob ' .
the finnish freighter " finnpulp " was just eight miles ahead of " yarmouth castle " , also headed east .
this is in addition to peac ’s five times weekly service between cebu and angeles - clark utilizing a b727 - 100 freighter with aircraft registry rpc-5353 , operating since 2002 .
meanwhile , the cybermen , hiding in one of the freighter 's containers , decides it is time to take control of the ship , and begins an assault towards the bridge .
during this period , she salvaged " sparks " ( ix-196 ) and prepared the hulk of japanese freighter " keigo maru " for sinking at sea .
in december 2008 , fedex postponed delivery of the new boeing 777 freighter , four will be delivered in 2010 as previously agreed , but in 2011 , fedex will only take delivery of four , rather than the 10 originally planned .
built by the tecklenborg yard at geestemünde , she was launched as the freighter " pungo " in 1914 and operated by the afrikanische fruchtkompanie for f. laeisz of hamburg .
she attacked the freighter again , but the japanese escorts drove her down once more .
in addition to collected rain water , the islands are resupplied by a freighter which hauls several tonnes of drinking water to woody island from hainan island .
he admits that rescuing the crash survivors is not the freighter 's primary objective .
also offered is the 747 - 8 freighter or 747 - 8f , which derives from the 747 - 400erf .
the ilyushin il-76 ( nato reporting name : candid ) is a multi - purpose 4-engined strategic airlifter that was first planned as a commercial freighter in 1967 .
great lakes freighter was also named after him .
there is an included attachment that allows the rc monorail freighter to make use of the elevator via a track connection on either end .
air hong kong was the launch customer for the airbus a300 - 600f general freighter , which is a new variant of the airbus a300 - 600f. this new variant has a cargo loading system capable of handling virtually every type of container and pallet , and a side door at the rear of the lower deck capable of handling large items of general freight .
the popular graphic novel watchmen features a story within a story called tales of the black freighter , which details that man 's insanity comes from fear of losing something , and parallels a character in the main story and hints at his actions .
ign 's chris carabott described daniel , as well as the other new characters from the freighter , as " great " and " exciting " .
can the half - breed hunter or freighter be expected to be more apt in adapting himself to change ?
he signed on as a cabin boy on a freighter which took him to england , where he acted in repertory theatre for a while , before he returned to austin , and began acting in local theater .
the first italian air attacks , on the 14th , sunk one freighter , the " tanimbar " , south of sardinia ( torpedo - bombers sm.79 ) .
" trieste " departed san diego on october 5 , 1959 for guam aboard the freighter " santa maria " to participate in " project nekton " , a series of very deep dives in the mariana trench .
