thus , " can a man and woman really be " just friends " . " only for you " is a story about life , love , friendships , choices and believing in ourselves at all costs .
" thinking back to when we met and the many times that we spent together and whenever we were out together , there would be a caption of some kind , and the caption usually said something like ' an odd couple ' or ' an unlikely pair , ' but to us it was the most natural and easiest of friendships ...
besides numerous friendships with prominent contemporaries , such as the bavarian minister theodor von zwehl ( 1800–1875 ) , publisher johann friedrich cotta and philosopher and historian peter ernst von lasaulx heine had a particularly close connection with the feuerbach family .
having grown up in the wild where she learned to rely on her natural instincts , cindy would find it a crazy challenge to get acquainted and develop friendships with the fellow animal residents at gmsa ( who until then she would have regarded as meals ) , all to please randy .
cub scouts learn new things , discover and master new skills , gain self - confidence , and develop strong friendships .
his nostalgic poems about his harrow friendships , ' childish recollections ' ( 1806 ) , express a sense of melancholy at the passing of youthful freedoms , even a prescient ' consciousness of sexual differences that may in the end make england untenable to him . '
yet , they have often been seen playing together for hours at a time and even sleeping in an embrace , and polar bear zoologist nikita ovsianikov has described adult males as having " well - developed friendships . " cubs are especially playful as well .
in terms of friendships , faye is close to ward sister kyla tyson ( rakie ayola ) .
powell struck up friendships with fellow musicians like robert plant and john bonham ( both at the time unknowns in listen ) , future slade vocalist noddy holder , bassist dave pegg and a young guitarist called tony iommi .
felka later forms one of her closest friendships on the first extrasolar planet the conjoiners land on , diadem , with iverson , the sole survivor of a prior colony that had been planted there from an ai starship that had raised human colonists from embryos after reaching the planet .
it is this naivety and peculiarity that hinder chip 's efforts to form friendships .
in london , orr became acquainted with several prominent left - wing intellectuals , such as the austrian poet erich fried , the veteran revolutionary rosa - levineh - meyer , the german student leader rudi dutschke , and trinidadian marxist and cricketing authority clr james , with whom he enjoyed close friendships .
during the games , she forged strong friendships with many athletes and became lifelong friends with the head of the turkish delegation .
they have stayed in contact since vis closed due to the close friendships they formed over the years together in the dorms , and have therefore held reunions around the globe in commemoration .
jerry seinfeld 's debt to pinter 's play appears in his episode 's title , " the betrayal " , in his use of reverse chronology , which mimicks the plot structure of pinter 's play , and in his choice for the first name of the groom , pinter ranawat , whose wedding jerry and his friends travel to india to attend , and in the variations of the motif of betrayals relating to romantic affairs and friendships .
during his two years there , macdonald formed lifelong friendships with students who were to become members of the political elite in the region .
but many friendships and loyalties were built along the way .
later these friendships assisted his entry into the upper echelons of the state ; however , he was trusted for his knowledge and ability as well .
even though the emphasis lies on finding out information about the families of the visiting israelis , another aim of this project is to develop austrian - israeli friendships and diplomacy .
however , " thelma and louise " had a similar popular impact as " butch cassidy and the sundance kid " in the early ‘ 90s , paving the way for onscreen female friendships like " fried green tomatoes " , " waiting to exhale " , and " walking and talking " . "
mentors develop friendships through their participation in mentoring programs .
his location in central new jersey also led to friendships with professors from the rutgers university art department .
rural saskatchewan is known for the support that communities give each other in the form of attending community activities , sharing sport teams , and building friendships among children and adults from neighboring towns and cities .
keppler tried his hand once more at acting , became involved in the german - american community , and struck up friendships with journalists , writers , and artists .
he is a founding member of the activist salsa funk band ozomatli ; although no longer an official member ( having been replaced as resident mc by jabu of 4th avenue jones ) , he continues to collaborate with them on occasion and maintains his friendships with them .
like many other finnish bands , uniklubi can easily be linked to other groups , whether by friendships or collaborations .
she developed deep friendships with her allies , including peter rasputin and kitty pryde .
he was no longer able to develop friendships , for which he blamed his mother , rita elisa morales de delgado .
the song begins by posing the question whether it is right that old times be forgotten , and is generally interpreted as a call to remember long - standing friendships .
he formed his closest friendships with men and women there , and became one of the founders of what was soon called the “
perhaps the most famous of these romantic friendships was between eleanor butler and sarah ponsonby , nicknamed the ladies of llangollen .
the children , meanwhile , make friendships with loving volunteers , often get to meet their personal sponsors , and experience an exciting two weeks that could well be the highlight of their year .
he continued a savvy business career - for example he invested in the doctor who discovered viagra - and maintained generous friendships with many , in which he disliked being the center of attention .
he is remembered for his friendships with norman lindsay and kenneth slessor , but he was also friendly with such figures as christopher brennan and shaw neilson .
for example , masculine people expect competition in their friendships .
john wesley is strikingly independent and good natured , making numerous acquaintances and friendships , as well as being incredibly loyal .
emma seldom makes an effort to cultivate friendships with other people , unless doing so serves the image she has of herself .
he gained experience in the new land by boarding with and forming friendships with prominent gentlemen and became a flock owner when he bought 400 lambs a month before his 18th birthday .
the reward most members of the gaucho band find is in the acquisition of lasting friendships and a sense of camaraderie unlike that found anywhere else on campus or off .
most nadraks have a dislike for the arrogant murgos who ostensibly rule angarak society , and have sometimes formed wary friendships and alliances with those from western kingdoms , particularly drasnia .
although he traveled in order to find subjects for his art , to visit exhibitions , and to meet with other artists , menzel spent most of his life in berlin , and was , despite numerous friendships , by his own admission detached from others .
much of the material derives from male - oriented shōnen and seinen works which contained male - male close friendships and are perceived by fans to imply homosexual attraction , such as with " captain tsubasa " and " saint seiya " , two titles which popularised yaoi in the 1980s . "
in spite of that , in his early adult life copland would develop friendships with people with socialist and communist leanings .
his forward way of thinking is reflected in the quote " friendships across the world make near neighbours of far horizons " , which later became a well - known chinese saying for the power of friendship .
they begin meeting in january and continue to nurture their friendships until the project starts in july .
his relations ( and his unsuccessful courtships ) tended to be unequal either in age or intelligence ; his sexual relations were transient , although some evolved into long friendships .
it was while roger was theobald 's clerk that he made lasting friendships with gilbert foliot and hugh de puiset .
the many political friendships made during the process had facilitated social intercourse .
slim called upon his connections and friendships with poker 's elite to start a new tournament in the february 1979 .
despite his relative popularity at school , easy friendships with several other players , and smart and sassy girlfriend jules harbor ( amy smart ) , mox is dissatisfied with his life .
this lack of tact often lead kenyon into striking blunders ; as an advocate he was , moreover , deficient in ability of statement ; and his position was achieved chiefly by hard work , a good knowledge of law and several lucky friendships .
in 1876 she published a volume of notable " poems " ( renamed " swallow flights " in the english edition of 1877 ) and visited europe , where she began close and lasting friendships with leading men and women of letters .
tributes were delivered by barry breen ( st. kilda ) & gary dempsey ( footscray ) , peter mckenna ( collingwood ) , john nicholls ( carlton ) , des tuddenham ( collingwood ) , mike williamson ( former hsv 7 television commentator ) and eddie mcguire ( collingwood fc president ) all of whom had long , close friendships with ' thommo ' .
the 1990s was a decade of great change marked by growing friendships between old enemies and never before seen levels of co - operation between powerful nations of the world .
while the fry family was less vocal about their radicalism in america , their strong affiliation with the cincinnati swedenborgian community , and friendships with wealthy progressives and artists suggests that the fry 's and henry watkin were well within the mileiu of radical cincinnati .
maho soon becomes part of yukino 's circle of friends , and although she maintains her aloof attitude , she also eventually learns to cherish the friendships .
the literary and other friendships formed in melbourne still exerted a strong nostalgic influence upon the middle - aged murdoch .
two of her very close friends are suhasini mani ratnam who has been instrumental in improving her hair dressing skills and her competitor radha , with whom she shares special friendships .
she writes about the record contracts and bus tours ; the concerts and tv videos ; the critical acclaim and industry awards ; the # 1 hits on the billboard charts ; the fans ; the friendships and the working collaborations with vince gill , brad paisley , and others ...
csamerica conventions connect student leaders from different schools , creating lasting friendships , providing a great opportunity for networking , and an atmosphere to learn and debate .
individual therapy with the child seeks to identify and resolve underlying factors , including familial factors ; encourage identification by sex assigned at birth ; and encourage same - sex friendships .
friendships which proved very advantageous for the " allgemeine "
cursillo weekends strengthened friendships in a spirit of community .
his life and friendships put him in the center of 5th century roman affairs .
the raja gained lasting friendships with the other indian princely states like cooch behar and burdwan but was also popular with the bhutanese dorji clan , who were hereditary prime ministers .
in the following months the disappointed osman sought consolation in his friendships .
he enjoyed friendships with other celebrities , including duke and duchess of windsor and bob hope , a good friend who emerged from a giant cake at cummings 's eightieth birthday .
attempts to catch the vandal fail , but , finally , he turns himself in when he realizes his attention - getting ploy is actually costing him dearly in lost friendships .
ishi formed close friendships with waterman , kroeber and with saxton pope , ( a teacher at the university 's medical school , next door to the museum . )
the school proved rough going for him at first , but later led to firm friendships , and provided the setting for his schoolboy stories " stalky & co. " published many years later .
frequent themes in her most recent books , include cooking , class wars , children , larger homes , infidelity , and female friendships .
the ethicist has a strong sense of responsibility , duty , honor and respect for his friendships , family , and career .
the other half reflects love and affection , friendships , harmony , proportion and consensus .
elliott enjoyed school for the friendships she formed and had little interest in school work , though an iq test classified her above average and she was able to jump two years ahead of her class .
the same studied showed participants rated friendships in which they communicated face - to - face and through mobile / cell phone text message ( mptm ) as being more intimate than those in which they communicated solely face - to - face .
she was inspired to become a writer by family friendships and frequent contacts with local bucks county writers and artists , including james michener , pearl buck , william l. white , oscar hammerstein , and others .
jackson says that the idea of coupledom troubles her in that it downgrades other relationships , such as friendships , which she argues are just as important .
by this stage fokker had signed an agreement that would see fairchild build friendships in the usa as the f-27 ( note the dash ) .
albert baker d'isy wrote : " he had few friendships because of his absolute opinions , and the way he expressed them cost him many friends ...
low , who is known to a wider circle as the friend of r. l. stevenson , published some reminiscences , " a chronicle of friendships , 1873 - 1900 " ( 1908 ) .
the family moved to los angeles , california in 1920 and it was there that kadish developed strong roots and lifelong friendships .
on international level the most important friendship is that with the chelsea headhunters , one of the oldest football friendships in the world , dating back to the second half of the seventies , when the visiting members of the brigate were even allowed to show their away banner in the notorious shed end of chelsea 's stamford bridge .
he recorded many albums in the 1950s and 60s for elektra records , performed several times at the legendary newport folk festival , and was a major international folk star throughout the 1950s and early 1960s , with new collaborative friendships built with the younger folk set of odetta , bob gibson , erik darling , ramblin ' jack elliott and josh white , jr ..
a staff turnover in 1967 began to change things , as sienkiewicz - mercer learned to communicate with some of the new attendants and formed close friendships with them .
ccpoa president don novey established the union 's tradition of forming close alliances and friendships with political leaders during the 1980s .
many oneidas formed friendships with philip schuyler , george washington , the marquis de la fayette , and other prominent rebel leaders .
he moved to dublin where he joined the gaelic league , soon establishing strong friendships with such men as eoin macneill and patrick pearse .
the portrait includes the latin legend " principum amicitias ! " ( " the friendships of princes ! " ) painted above the sitter 's head .
she says if they do n’t leave the party their friendships are over , so carlos takes action and carries gabrielle out of the party .
he paradoxically held friendships with catholics within his community .
the return to italy allowed lawrence to renew old friendships ; during these years he was particularly close to aldous huxley , who was to edit the first collection of lawrence 's letters after his death , along with a memoir .
the group aims to foster and cultivate a continuing association with the college and to build on the networks and friendships developed over the years .
despite an ever - changing and evolving set of modern classifications , members of the same sex often formed intimate associations ( many of which were erotic as well as emotional ) on their own terms , most notably in the " romantic friendships " documented in the letters and papers of 18th- and 19th- century men and women ( see rictor norton , ed . , " my dear boy : gay love letters through the centuries " , gay sunshine press , 1998 ) .
the song laments the loss of childhood friendships when growing up into adulthood .
on november 27 of 2005 , " proceso " published an article titled " amistades peligrosas " ( " dangerous friendships " ) , wherein raquenel villanueva , a lawyer who has defended drug kingpins , declares she met fernando bribiesca sahagún , son of marta , in 2003 with jaime valdez martinez , a client of hers .
the effects of favour and competition are at an end ; the tradition of his friendships and his enmities has perished ; his works support no opinion with arguments , nor supply any faction with invectives ; they can neither indulge vanity nor gratify malignity ; but are read without any other reason than the desire of pleasure , and are therefore praised only as pleasure is obtained ; yet , thus unassisted by interest or passion , they have past through variation of taste and changes of manners , and , as they devolved from one generation to another , have received new honours at every transmission .
the greys also encourage a community within the corps , leading to friendships between older and younger cadets , by not only drilling , but going on trips , learning about american history , and even having parties and games .
students , faculty , and staff gather for this annual , formal but festive event to rededicate themselves to le moyne ’s mission , to renew friendships , and to welcome new members .
although southall was never on the staff of the birmingham school of art , he maintained close friendships with the core of staff and pupils at the school who would later be identified as the birmingham group of artist - craftsmen - introducing artists such as henry payne , maxwell armfield and arthur gaskin ( a lifelong friend ) to his methods during technical demonstrations at his studio in edgbaston .
fellow students in his year included martin froy and peter snow , while he formed particular friendships with entrants the following year including victor willing and michael andrews and , later , paula rego .
scholars believe that david copperfield 's careers , friendships , and love life were most highly influenced by dickens ' experiences , as well as his time working as a child .
as a general expression of positive sentiment ( a stronger form of " like " ) , love is commonly contrasted with hate ( or neutral apathy ) ; as a less sexual and more emotionally intimate form of romantic attachment , love is commonly contrasted with lust ; and as an interpersonal relationship with romantic overtones , love is commonly contrasted with friendship , although other definitions of the word " love " may be applied to close friendships in certain contexts .
during that time , he developed separate friendships with chicago radio personality and bluesman buzz kilman and film director jonathan demme .
among his literary friendships were those with louise bogan , edmund wilson , and elizabeth bishop .
lebkowsky joined the well in 1990 , and became a host or co - host of several forums on the conferencing system , including forums devoted to factsheet five , where he had a brief stint as book review editor , and mondo 2000 , where he wrote several articles and formed friendships with editors ru sirius and jude milhon .
as part of their work , pobalscoil chorca dhuibhne ( pcd ) , dingle , ireland , is linked with morate english medium high school ( memhs ) , kolonyama since 2006 ; through this cultural exchange students and teachers have the opportunity to develop friendships through mutual learning , collaboration on project work and appreciation of cultural diversity .
set in the mid 1980s , it uses a series of loosely connected short stories to tell the story of a group of characters tied together by decaying friendships , heroin addiction and stabs at escape from the oppressive boredom and brutality of their lives in the housing schemes .
robinson moved to new york , where he led a precarious existence as an impoverished poet while cultivating friendships with other writers , artists , and would - be intellectuals .
sellers had casual friendships with two beatles , george harrison and ringo starr .
in fact all four grand duchesses , as well as their brother , were kept as virtual prisoners at tsarskoe selo , prevented from forming friendships with others of their own age .
with extensive touring taking its toll on inter - band friendships , bassist stevie and drummer jon both left the band after a tour to support the release of beat heart , beat .
in doing so , she and gendo manage to become close , but this comes at the cost of her other friendships at the school .
the situational romantic dramedy shows how four friends approach love , friendships and relationships , and it attempts to provoke the watchers with questions .
in 1786 , he developed close friendships with johann wolfgang von goethe , johann gottfried herder , friedrich schiller and johann georg hamann .
during the 1920s sullivan established friendships with art patrons lillie plummer bliss and abby aldrich rockefeller , and in 1929 a luncheon with collector a. conger goodyear developed definite plans for a new museum of modern art in new york city .
hultén always maintained a very special dialogue with artists , establishing lifelong friendships with sam francis , jean tinguely , greg colson and niki de st. phalle , whose careers he not only followed but shaped from the start .
he then gets into a fight with his best friend gun'ka for not ending his friendships with the girl - shorties mushka and knopochka .
" friendships formed will last throughout the years "
promising lifelong friendships and mentorships , the brothers of lambda phi epsilon have welcomed a group of girls they called their " lil sisses . "
abram 's work has also been influenced by his friendships with the archetypal psychologist james hillman and with the radical social critic , ivan illich — as well as by his esteem for the american poet gary snyder and the agrarian poet and essayist wendell berry .
a voice - over by his uncle albert says , " you may not have been the blake that we intended , but you are definitely craig blake - an identity that nobody will dare challenge . " craig has finally " found himself " and discovered a true place in the sun , and true friendships , and he mocks his former boss jabo with an exaggerated bodybuilding pose - acting as a final burning of the bridge between his old life and his new one .
pupils were encouraged to forge links with the countries represented by those houses and several made long term friendships that survive to this day .
during two years in london , he began friendships with tom clark , jonathan williams , and aram saroyan .
the series is a " a stylish , new drama about modern , urban welsh- speakers living in a bilingual city " following " a group of modern urban twenty- and thirtysomethings " with " their complex friendships and relationships [ set ] against a backdrop of relentless socialising " .
although by nature rather withdrawn , housman formed strong friendships with two roommates , moses jackson and a. w. pollard .
skylar deacon is struggling with many things in her life : a toddler brother , a summer school class in another part of town , riding the bus to get there , new friendships at the school , and conflicting advice from her sister .
she also compliments iris on letting reggie have such friendships when other jealous women would n’t .
dyadic friendships refer to the most immediate and concrete level of peer interaction , which is expanded to include new forms of relationships in adolescence - most notably , romantic and sexual relationships .
at age 20 he joined the likud youth organisation where he formed lifelong friendships with many people who would later become influential israeli politicians .
the organizing thread of the book is how the " proper " schooling and other aspects of his youth , was time wasted ; thus his search for self - education through experiences , friendships , and reading .
a symbolic presentation of a " shared space " , the one - day event is entirely sponsored by local corporate and private donations and helps to nurture friendships and understanding between participants and visitors alike .
thus ended one of hess 's closest professional associations and significantly compromised one of his deepest friendships .
over a match - day weekend , it is likely that both teams will socialise before ( and after ) the match , which has led to close friendships , friendly rivalries , maybe more .
volunteers are enthusiastic and passionate about the railway and its wider activities and form strong relationships and friendships with each other during the course of their involvement in activities .
one of her " closest friendships " was said to be with habib lotfallah , a christian businessman .
these races gain more popularity everyday as skaters form friendships and bonds at this events .
during guest appearances on " coast to coast am with george noory , " hoagland references longstanding friendships with scientists from nasa and the jet propulsion laboratory who , according to hoagland , provide him with inside information .
he was also a member of the " deutsche gemeinschaft " secret society and in this group he built up friendships with fellow members engelbert dollfuß and arthur seyss - inquart .
amorim travelled extensively in europe and latin america , developing acquaintanceships and friendships with many of the leading literary figures of his time .
these camps , which are frequently patrilineal , are the principal means through which high - level business and political contacts and friendships are formed .
he had friendships with several of the best known boxers of his time , including henry cooper , jack dempsey , joe louis , billy conn , and rocky marciano .
throughout her experiences with the gulag , ginzburg was able to form friendships , cultivate a love of poetry , and reconnect with her son , vasily aksyonov , after her long incarceration .
as their friendships mature they realize that they also share in common encounters with it .
the song 's lyrics talk about a friend who ignores her friendships once she falls in love .
the book describes the marketing of moscholiou vicky , the love , of friendships , of the battle with cancer .
when darren left hollyoaks to go back to america , he left behind a lot of broken friendships and ill - feeling .
haydn particularly longed to visit vienna because of his friendships there .
but when the ghosts of christmas past , present and future open his eyes , scrooge discovers that love and friendships are the greatest wealth of all .
players can house up to 5 monsters on their ranch at a time , thus allowing monster - to - monster friendships , tag - team , and group battles .
he endures tumultuous marriages and divorces with starlets ava gardner ( harden ) and mia farrow ( siemaszko ) while juggling his movie and singing careers and forming significant friendships with an ambitious young senator named john f. kennedy ( kelly ) and powerful chicago mob boss sam giancana ( steiger ) .
whitney high school is our prideour hopes and dreams aboundwhitney 's family by our sidewith friendships we have found .
in 1995 , she published her memoirs in the book " friendships in the white rose " .
african americans are also portrayed stereotypically , as well as unrealistically , as seen in mandie 's close friendships with the servants which goes uncensored by her family .
during this time he formed several female friendships , but none blossomed into marriage .
her indirect influence on literature , through her salon and her many literary friendships , can be seen in the number of writers who have addressed or portrayed her in their works . "
his play " la ville do nt le prince est un enfant " ( 1952 ) and novel " les garçons " ( the boys , published in 1969 but written four or five decades earlier ) and his correspondence with roger peyrefitte , ( author of " les amitiés particulières " ( special friendships , 1943 ) , also about sexual relationships between boys at a roman catholic boarding school ) , are the main testaments to this side of his character .
inadequate emotional regulation makes them immature and impedes friendships .
since he enjoyed writing and most of his income was derived from it , denikin started to consider himself a writer and developed close friendships with several russian émigré authors — among them ivan bunin ( a nobel laurate ) , ivan shmelev , and aleksandr kuprin .
wood wrote the 2006 one - off itv serious drama " housewife , 49 " , an adaptation of the real diaries of nella last , and played the eponymous role of an introverted middle - aged character who discovers new confidence and friendships in lancashire during world war ii . "
gamoran ’s study ( 1992 ) shows that students are more likely to form friendships with other students in the same tracks than students outside of their tracks .
russel noted one exceptional feature at jagannātha temple of puri : " all castes now eat the rice cooked at the temple of jagannath together without defilement , and friendships are cemented by eating of little of this rice together as sacred bond . " ..
stoddard has been discussed to be homosexual , since he praised the south sea folk 's receptiveness to homosexual liaisons , and lived in friendships with men .
they also have ' amicizie ' ( friendships ) with lazio , triestina and sampdoria .
harley 's history comes from being within a group of strong friendships with skids and cyanide .
on the death of the previous incumbent lorenzo celsi on 18 july 1365 , cornaro was elected to the dogal office , despite the aspersions cast by his opponents over his advanced age , his wife 's low birth and his friendships with foreign princes .
he grew to be very popular and close ties and friendships developed with prominent families not only in sindh , but all over india , particularly the maharajas of the princely states .
less common but noteworthy are friendships between an animal and another animal of a different species , such as a dog and cat .
to this colourful backdrop is a story of political intrigue , strained friendships , dangerous conspiracies and uncovered secrets .
the book follows the changing fortunes , lives , friendships , attitudes and characters of three women , beginning with their meeting as freshmen at the university of california - berkeley in the 1960s .
he wrote the story " for this reason i am back to my city " , " empty " , " the messengers " , " besacalles " , " from up to down , from left to right " , " the spectator " , " happy friendships " and " lulita , that you do not want to open the door ? " .
new friendships with bob dylan , van morrison and keith richards encouraged the band to look back to the roots of rock music and focused lead vocalist bono on his skills as a song and lyric writer .
an annual free public event , the festival celebrates stories of the mixed experience including stories about biracial identity , transracially adopted families , and interracial and intercultural relationships and friendships .
seeking redemption , his selfless act cost him his reputation , his friendships and his life , with only a faint scar on his hand that his past self had lacked any indication of his original life ( what he did with the body of his younger self was never revealed ) .
after her best friend 's death , susan warmed up to other friendships in the er with abby lockhart and elizabeth corday , and was able to work better with her old colleague kerry weaver .
coward maintained close friendships with many women , including the actress and author esmé wynne - tyson , his first collaborator and constant correspondent ; the designer gladys calthrop ; his secretary and close confidante lorn loraine ; the actresses gertrude lawrence , joyce carey and judy campbell ; and " his loyal and lifelong " amitié amoureuse " , marlene dietrich .
visitors and potential members are always made particularly welcome as round table provides an ideal opportunity to establish new friendships .
with her win , hong kong is tied with japan as the only nations at miss international to win more than 4 miss friendships and at any international pageant .
as jetsetters the couple developed an eccentric group of friends based in and around the famous new york club studio 54 where they developed close friendships with the likes of andy warhol , mick jagger , david bowie , diana vreeland and truman capote .
as the worshippers of the tour travel through the county and city with the faith of mazu , they build up friendships with people along the way .
using technology to enhance one ’s social life ” , as friendships no longer have to be structured by physical proximity ( e.g. neighbours , colleagues ) .
from epic landscapes and unforgettable culture , to the often trying times that come with international travel , the series chronicles the unforgettable friendships , personal successes and sometimes crushing disappointments that befall them on their journey .
she was able to rekindle many of her old friendships with people notable in art at the time , including edward burne - jones who was a close friend of the well known artist william morris .
indiana youth group ’s activity center offers a supportive environment that allows the youth to build self - confidence , explore individualism , and develop friendships within a community that values fairness , acceptance , respect for diversity , and equality .
they enjoyed close friendships with chic murray and terry hall & lenny the lion .
by the 1860s , friendships had turned the group into a social network , and the men often dined and went on holidays together .
happily , several fencers began driving to los angeles to fence at salle couturier , and through that relationship , and through the growing friendships that gaucho fencers made with couturier fencers at tournaments , ucsb found a new coach , brian pena .
where the lyrics on their early eps were an outlet for ian 's " message " , the lyrics on " out of step " deal mainly with friendships ( or problems associated with them ) .
however , she maintained friendships with many other members of london 's cultural elite of the time , including t. s. eliot and h.g. wells .
camp kesem transforms kids into campers who return home with an enhanced sense of confidence and a new set of powerfully bound friendships forged in a cancer - aware yet fun - focused environment .
one of the founders of unirondack , rev. howard gilman , was particularly well - known for his efforts to bring inner - city youth outdoors to the adirondacks during this period , where they met multi - ethnic age - group counterparts from less urban environments , and formed life - long friendships .
the following day , he endorsed mccain , joking , " it 's rudy 's fault ! " ( in reference to his friendships with both candidates and that he could not make up his mind ) .
it is revealed in another episode that hodgins was only picked on by a few other boys and still was able to have a few close friendships .
while a man of passionate beliefs and firm opinions , he also exemplified the ability to maintain friendships across political lines .
in contrast with upper - class officers like sassoon , with whom rivers has been able to form warm friendships , he has always found prior a thorn in his side .
the associated book features details of the working relationships , friendships , photographs and celebrities who espouse the costume national philosophy including willem dafoe , milla jovovich , mick jagger , hilary swank , keith richards , lenny kravitz , cameron diaz , shakira , madonna .
in the artistic circles of pop art , nouveau réalisme and fluxus , she maintained friendships with robert rauschenberg , jasper johns , niki de saint phalle and jean tinguely .
when helo learns of this he begins an investigation in the recent death of a sagittaron youth named willie king , but robert 's close friendships with colonel tigh and dr. cottle hamper helo 's attempt at finding the truth .
despite effy 's usual composure , she soon becomes " off the rails " after her parents ' split , and the love triangle created by herself between classmates freddie mclair and james cook , for which she manages to sever their friendships and deny herself of a loving relationship .
historically cross - sex friendships have been rare .
you can step down from your force at any time , and can make oaths of friendships with fellow officers and even marry .
he therefore formed friendships with emperor ping 's wei uncles , and told consort wei to offer assurances to wang mang that she would not act as emperor ai 's mother and grandmother did , trying to become an empress dowager .
' it is with great sadness that we see such a magnificant place as runwell closing after many happy years working there , runwell will hold a special place in our hearts , it is at this time in which her lights are switched off for the final time , windows closed and locked forever and the sun sets for runwell 's final time that staff , patients and visitor 's alike shed a special tear for runwell ... she was more than a hospital , she was a community ... friendships were made , people were lost , but runwell is who we are and what we came into our careers for '
as their lives intersect , friendships and alliances are formed , and tragedy is the glue that ultimately bonds them .
he established life - long friendships with the greek poet archias of ( syrian ) antioch , who migrated to rome around 102 b.c. , and with one of the leading academic philosophers of the time , antiochus of ascalon .
however , he was always highly regarded by professional cricketers ( like donald bradman ) and by the greatest musicians : he managed to maintain close friendships with sir thomas beecham and sir john barbirolli , though the two conductors cordially disliked one another .
he attended arthur l. johnson regional high school , but graduated from solomon schecter , a small jewish day school , before attending haverford college in pennsylvania , where he enjoyed numerous strong friendships .
he suggests that the lincoln - speed relationship fell within the 19th century category of " intense , even romantic man to man friendships " with erotic overtones that may have been " a world apart in that era 's consciousness from the sensual universe of mutual masturbation and the legal universe of ' sodomy , ' ' buggery , ' and ' the crime against nature ' " .
myrtle dean has proved a delightful and rewarding companion ; her health has already shown signs of improvement with better diet , less anxiety , and the warmth of new friendships .
gilmartin also noted that many love - shy men are not interested in friendships with other men .
during the 1930s he also formed another of his closest friendships with khan abdul ghani khan , the leading poet of the pashtuns and eldest son of khan abdul ghaffar khan , the frontier gandhi .
the uk uganda scout network is a forum where members of the scout association who are interested in promoting international scouting and in particular with a specific interest in building friendships with the people of uganda .
though he did not make the team , he struck up important friendships with weismuller and buster crabbe .
would they have risked their royal friendships , wealth and position at court ?
even though bitlaha do not have to return to their villages , almost all of them do because of kinship networks and strong friendships within the village .
younger children are becoming more independent and are beginning to build friendships .
through his friendships with elsa morante , alberto moravia and others , weaver met many of italy 's leading authors and intellectuals in rome in the late 1940s and early 1950s ; he paid tribute to them in his anthology " open city " ( 1999 ) .
in late 1873 , on a visit to a cousin in england , stevenson made two new friendships that were to be of great importance to him , sidney colvin and fanny ( frances jane ) sitwell .
his london success brought some attention on his return to new york in 1903 , and he formed productive new friendships with american writers like edmund clarence stedman , zona gale , and even mary maclane , but he continued to have difficulty publishing in the united states .
in present times , the nobility and the common caste retain this symbiotic relationship and often operate closely together to further their own schemes , creating friendships and business opportunities .
his working years at the yerevan ’s national theatre of opera and ballet have been enriched with numerous new friendships with celebrities in the art world , who in turn have left a favorable influence on the development of the artist ’s personality .
in effect a history of gay life , the book was also a profound statement about the friendships that exist between gay men .
back in london after the war fletcher returned to librarianship and also took an active part in the london literary scene , following up old friendships and making new ones .
as a child , he had few friendships among his peers , and when he was a student at the lyceum in goes developed a great interest in nature .
in the end the search was abandoned , but before they returned to norway via krasnoyarsk , captain jakobsen and alfred karlsen had established good friendships with many russians .
“ it was the time i spent with the guys and lifelong friendships that i made . ”
these personal friendships have resulted in people travelling around the world in order to meet face to face .
friendships play a key role in suicidal thoughts of girls .
to make up for his sense of isolation and to compensate for the loss in his family , tchaikovsky formed important friendships with fellow students , such as those with aleksey apukhtin and vladimir gerard , which lasted the rest of his life .
throughout the rest of his life in geneva , he maintained several friendships from his early years including montmor , cordier , cop , farel , melanchthon , and bullinger .
gatti has cultivated close friendships with people from all walks of life , but especially the women of san francisco 's moneyed social circle .
despite this temper , he maintained strong friendships across party lines .
the fraternity was born out of the desires and aspirations of seventeen men in the belief that all men are social creatures and that friendships of college men are lasting ones .
other forms of same - sex relationships ( which may or may not include romantic aspects or sexuality ) include romantic friendships , bromances and other forms of closely bonded same - sex relationships .
over the course of his stay in the town , he comes to form friendships with the residents of the town .
kamala 's journals and personal papers from these years relate details of her daily existence and document loving friendships with her guru 's organizational headquarters , with written and telephone correspondents and with the animals wild and domestic that filled her days and nights .
despite her reputation as a republican partisan , comstock has been described by critics such as journalist david brock as a " very smart lawyer by training " and maintains friendships crossing the political divide .
while in england beard observed the plight of british industrial society , developed friendships with a wide variety of radicals and progressive leaders amongst the cooperative socialists and the labor movement as well as the militant suffragist emmeline pankhurst and her daughters , the russian anarchist peter kropotkin and other influential european intellectuals .
antiques dealer celia cultivates friendships with her aging neighbors in the hope she will be able to get a good deal on their treasures when they die .
far too often , opus dei members drop friendships with those who are unlikely to join opus dei .
amistades peligrosas " ( " dangerous friendships " ) " was a spanish band formed in 1989 by singers alberto comesaña from galicia and cristina del valle from asturias .
an early rival to hayato kazami and a spoiled brat , he finds a purpose in his life through cyber formula and forms real lasting friendships .
the best buddies program is dedicated to enhancing the lives of people with intellectual disabilities by providing opportunities for one - to - one friendships .
in that time , he had formed extensive political partnerships and personal friendships with jewish fellow students , many of which continue up to the present .
in this period of his life he established many of the literary friendships that would be important in his later role of head of british propaganda in world war one .
it was through her russian friendships , as well as influence of her work with ruth lewis , that owen developed a fascination with russian folk song .
rory 's friendships with long - time best friend lane kim ( keiko agena ) , a second - generation korean american from a strict background , and paris geller ( liza weil ) , a jewish friend / rival at both chilton and yale , are also themes in the show .
he writes in " searching for god knows what " that too many christians act like the bible is a sort of math textbook , rather than a long story of god 's involvement with people through friendships with biblical figures like adam , abraham , and moses .
he was quick to socialize and develop new friendships .
whenever possible , faulkner relied on his trips to london and his friendships with london booksellers to arrange for authorized , irish editions of works .
he studied at florence and rome , became a member of the fine arts academies of florence ( accademia di belle arti firenze ) and parma , and then opened a studio in milwaukee , wisconsin , as a result of friendships made in paris trentanove subsequently acquired american citizenship and although he spent a portion of every year in florence , where the foundry that cast his models in bronze was located , he passed most of the remainder of his life in milwaukee .
other international friendships are with the ultras sur of real madrid , the brigadas blanquiazules of espanyol , the aberdeen supporters in scotland and the now disbanded boulogne boys of paris saint germain .
he writes extensively about this in " last waltz in vienna " , in which he also explains his childhood friendships with a number of young zionists in vienna ; he also points out that theodor herzl along with many other leading zionist figures were born in vienna .
similarly , a study of blogs maintained in myspace , women were found to be more likely to not only write blogs but also write about family , romantic relationships , friendships , and health in those blogs .
full island rental is one of the best ways to experience guana island – but coming alone and meeting new people results in new friendships that turn first - time guests into repeat guests .
some of the ex - nac f27 friendships also survive , two airworthy with airwork , based at auckland international airport .
