house prices are considerably higher than the national average due to the demand for housing in the fringes of the west midlands conurbation and high achieving schools .
a new acute hospital built on the western fringes of larbert will replace falkirk , and , stirling infirmaries .
after the ice storm , temperatures warmed to above freezing , and most of the precipitation turned to all rain for all areas other than the far northern fringes of the storm .
the flying sequences were all filmed at pilot knob mesa near winterhaven , located in imperial valley , california on the northern fringes of yuma , arizona .
stations in cuba on the outer fringes of the storm reported winds of 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) .
the distributed structure of the group has helped maintain the relative anonymity of members , while providing support and community to researchers working at the fringes of established fields .
the shell 's actual color is about the same color as the sea around it , and its limbs and neck are a lighter color , highlited with golden fringes .
most species occur along the coastal fringes of the lake at depths of less than 3 metres .
most have fringes of tentacles equipped with cnidocytes around their edges , and medusae generally have an inner ring of tentacles around the mouth .
" the new york times " said , " rosales has focused on other themes , including fierce criticism of the alliances mr. chávez has made with countries on the fringes of american influence , like iran and cuba .
perched atop a hill on 8 hectares of landscaped grounds at bukit kiara on the northwestern fringes of the city , the centre was officially opened on 29 november 1996 by former prime minister tun dr mahathir bin mohamad .
al - hajj salim 's scholarly activity was centered on the town of jagha in the " bilâd as - sûdân " ( western sudan ) , but his influence was greatest along the southern fringes of the manding trade network , and corresponds to the period of the disintegration of the old malian empire .
taylor had joined a young team hungry for success and after a season on the fringes of the side , he quickly built up a partnership with dion dublin to forge arguably the clubs most successful ever striking duo .
new town killers " follows two business men , portrayed by dougray scott and alastair mackenzie , who play macabre cat and mouse games with people from the fringes of society .
with passive ring interferometry there is no way of establishing which position of the interference fringes corresponds to zero angular velocity of the ring interferometer setup .
because wolfe 's subjects in " mauve gloves " were not people on the fringes of society , the new york times critic argued that wolfe had begun to rely more heavily on " writing " qua " writing , " and less on the inherent zaniness of his subjects .
a resident of austin , texas who learned the dance in williamson county in the early 1880s described it as nothing but a heel and toe " poker , with fringes added .
the kunming project is located on a naturally vegetated site adjacent to the international horticultural expo , on the north - eastern fringes of kunming city .
the shallow area and ponds on the outer fringes of the lake feed many wading birds .
if experimenters keep the two telescope images separate physically , then they ought not to expect any kind of interference fringes or other " spooky " behavior .
the hijacking , which most observers reported initially as another palestinian operation against israeli targets , thus became emblematic of the perceived ideological proximity – at its extremist fringes – of the radical left , particularly in germany , and fascist doctrine .
basilisks have large hind feet with scaly fringes on the sides of the third , fourth , and fifth toes .
they attracted business into small rural communities on the western fringes of europe , in areas that had previously been suffering from a long - term economic decline and depopulation .
the council 's findings were rejected by many of the christians on the fringes of the byzantine empire , including egyptians , syrians , armenians , and others .
there are washermen who wash clothes and themselves in its ponds , shepherds tend their flocks , the health conscious citizens take their morning walks , the last vestiges of the horse - drawn hackney carriages ply on its fringes entertaining merry makers and businessmen make money .
shams al - din 's authority thus continued to be restricted to the northern fringes of makran , although his ineffectiveness as a ruler quickly led to sultan mahmud taking over the practical administration of the government .
jastorf culture extended south to the fringes of the northern hallstatt provinces , while towards the north a general congruence with the late phases of the northern bronze age can be noted .
as of 2008 , discussions are underway with horsham district council concerning the possible future provision of new housing on crawley 's western fringes ; much of the land proposed for development currently lies within horsham 's administrative boundaries .
other forms , such as theravada and tibetan , are practiced largely by ethnic minorities along the geographic fringes of the chinese mainland .
the sexes are similar , but young birds are duller and browner , with a paler forehead and pale fringes to the back and wing feathers .
( ) they were to look at the fringes , recall the commandments , and observe them .
humanity entering outer fringes most perilous stage its existence .
all these are designated as cities , except for five on the city 's outer fringes which are classified as shires .
a combination of objections from analog co - channels in new york city and watertown , both of which have signals at the fringes of the albany market , was the primary reason for the late and delayed sign - on .
you can visit the banks of the ancient litorina sea on the fringes of the ridge hiittenharju and the graves of the bronze age , called barrows .
after a scholarly review , the institute of archaeology and antiquity noted , " there are a concentration of beaker burials on the fringes of the central chalklands around brighton , and a later cluster of early and middle bronze age ' rich graves ' in the same area . "
colonial era ruins and middens , of hotel sites dating from the 1870s - early twentieth cenury , and those linked with twentieth century farm - workers , occur on the fringes of the hill and are subject to on - going research .
the liberal victory played an important role in pushing the far right to the fringes of french politics .
according to professor philip payton , in " cornwall : a history " , the cornovii were most likely a sect / sept or offshoot of the dumnonii tribe / clans whose territory included modern day cornwall , devon , western parts of somerset and perhaps the fringes of dorset .
the presocratics were mostly from the eastern or western fringes of the greek world .
when a small solenoid has a magnetic flux , there are interference fringes for charged particles which go around the solenoid , or around different sides of the solenoid , which reveal its presence .
it is situated on the north bank of the river clyde and extends to the western fringes of the city centre .
with the growth of the british hong kong administration , centred in old victoria , modern central , wan chai attracted those on the fringes of society , such as coolies , who came to live on queen 's road east .
among the huntlys ' confiscated belongings were elaborate tapestries , velvet - covered beds , hung with fringes of gold and silverwork , figures of animals , and vessels of gilded and coloured glass .
these fringes aid with traction , speed and help the lizard avoid sinking into loose , sandy dunes .
he proposed a series of parkways that would cross every turnpike near the city as the parkways connected the three proposed parks at the eastern , western and southern fringes of the city .
it consists of a beam splitter and varying the distance between the specimen surface and the image of the reference mirror creates interference fringes .
fringes of the caudal region may present tubules , in which the lumen is filled by secretion and spermatozoa .
a type of gachas made with corn flour are popular in the area of ademuz , in the comarca of rincón de ademuz , a valencian enclave in the eastern fringes of the ancient new castile .
terraces of shops were built around the fringes of the estate , both to cater for the residents of noel park and for residents of the expanding suburb of wood green and the users of the adjacent railway station .
it is not surprising that as the country developed and as towns became cities , churches and schools which were once at the fringes of towns , are now engulfed in the midst of city centres .
a superstore was opened on the fringes of the town centre in the 1990s .
most of the western fringes of the city extend into the everglades , a subtropical marshland located in the southern portion of the u.s. state of florida .
fire was by now on the fringes of many suburbs , was surrounding tharwa and threatened the historic lanyon homestead which was at the time , hosting a wedding and protected by a single fire truck .
thus , a culture of hate , shielded by first amendment protections , exists on the fringes of american society .
the visualisation is in the form of fringes on the image where each fringe normally represents a displacement of half a wavelength of the light used ( i.e quarter of a micrometre or so ) .
girl 's hair : always tied up if long and fringes above eyebrows .
no plumage differences related to age or sex are known , but in other snipe the sexes are similar and immature birds differ only in showing pale fringes on the wing coverts .
the length of each measurement interferometer is given in units of reference length by the ratio of measurement interferometer to reference interferometer fringes .
the only hair on them is on the ear fringes and tail bristles .
there are skin fringes between and along the long limbs , and a triangular skin extension at the heel .
if one of the slits is covered up , one might naively expect that the intensity of the fringes due to interference would be halved everywhere .
fiol 's new venue quickly established a place in the small circuit of downtown clubs and makeshift theaters that specialize in the fringes of contemporary music as the reviewer for ' the new yorker ' magazine put it , " cagean conceptualists rubbed shoulders with free - jazz virtuosos , indie - rock sound terrorists , and diehard modernists . "
the catchment area of this college is the semi – urban fringes of ranchi city .
several lakes of varying size are located on the western fringes of the city .
he is a core member of tesladyne industries , " a thinktank dedicated to exploring the fringes of scientific inquiry " , whose action scientists often respond to paranormal and supernatural emergencies .
but while on the fringes of the scottish borders , it is certainly not in the borders , although the border clubs do try to make biggar feel at home , with intense rivalry when they play biggar
though they were on the fringes of the playoff hunt all the way up to week 13 , the team 's season ended on four straight losses , three of which were blowouts against the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers and green bay packers .
after that , the scandal remained at the fringes of public attention but did not become a focus of national attention until the mid-1990s when a number of books were published on the topic .
there is usually a single " herd " or " lead " stallion , though occasionally a few less - dominant males may remain on the fringes of the group .
traditionally on the northern fringes of the historic county of dunbarton , it is on the banks of loch lomond , and has a pier .
retail parks are found on the fringes of most large towns and cities in highly accessible locations and are aimed at households owning a car .
from hillston he walked , with no purpose of location along the railway line arriving at the fringes of griffith where a rainstorm forced him to find shelter .
every tallit is tied with four sets of knotted fringes ( tzizit ) , which symbolize the commandment ( mitzvot ) incumbent upon jews .
in january 2003 , lualua urged robson to rotate the squad , saying , " i think i deserve a chance now , as do many of the lads on the fringes of the team .
this means that particles are propelled by the evanescent field while being trapped by the linear bright fringes .
most of its body hair is found on the ear fringes and tail bristles with the rest distributed rather sparsely over the rest of the body .
turning southwards again , state highway 1 leaves turangi and ascends onto the north island volcanic plateau , passing through the fringes of the tongariro national park and into the rangipo desert , passing the volcanoes of ruapehu , ngauruhoe and tongariro .
this new industrial and residential hub is being developed on the north - eastern fringes on calcutta , the capital of the indian state of west bengal .
young birds have wider pale fringes on their flight feathers .
bdsm ideas and imagery have existed on the fringes of western culture throughout the twentieth century .
for most quantitative applications the consecutive fringes present in the interferogram will then have to be " unwrapped " , which involves interpolating over the 0 to 2π phase jumps to produce a continuous deformation field .
from the 1820s , increasing numbers of squatters occupied land beyond the fringes of european settlement .
when the abbaside caliphates weakened in certain of its fringes , yemen became more of those parts apt or convenient for establishment of independent states from that of the caliphate .
furthermore , keane ’s historical works shows that those fringes were important laboratories of democracy .
a subsequent paper by two biologists at simon fraser university and the university of california , davis , demonstrated that williamson 's claim was false , leading science writer john timmer to assert that , as similar data had been available for decades , " williamson has abandoned the scientific fringes and simply stopped paying attention to reality . "
they gather in groups at camps on the fringes of civilization , and occasionally raid against a town or village .
prior to 1838 , people with mental or emotional problems in the sydney area were housed in a " lunatic asylum " in liverpool , a suburb on the south - east fringes of sydney , or at the female factory in parramatta , twenty - four kilometres west of sydney .
during the wallachian uprising of 1821 , they were present on the canvas of the revolutionaries’ flag and its fringes ; for the first time a meaning was attributed to them : “ liberty ( sky - blue ) , justice ( field yellow ) , fraternity ( blood red ) ” .
with its pointed arches and spearhead of fringes , identified as lotus buds , it adds grace to the quwwat - ul - islam mosque to which it served as an entrance .
the river dart has created several caves along its fringes .
castilian is thought to have evolved in the northern fringes of the iberian peninsula during the 10th century along the remote crossroad strips among the alava , cantabria , burgos , soria and la rioja provinces of northern spain ( see glosas emilianenses ) , as a strongly innovative and differing variant from its nearest cousin , leonese , with a higher degree of basque influence in these regions ( see iberian romance languages ) .
the area was sparsely inhabited and inhospitable , being used mainly as a resource by people living on its fringes , much as in other places in britain such as dartmoor , the fens and the forest of arden .
a drying reef fringes the island .
a minor theme throughout the manga is society 's morally - based stratification , how it condemns young criminals like narushima , and how that condemnation forces narushima to the fringes of society making his chances of true reform and redemption even more remote .
the so - called " color fringes "— is yet another by - product of wozniak 's design .
these were american scientist glenn seaborg ( discoverer of plutonium ) and former japanese citizen , professor paul kuroda , who was then a faculty member at the university of arkansas , and who had worked on the fringes of the modest japanese nuclear program during the war .
years pass when ray gorman ( buster crabbe ) comes to the area on the fringes of the jungle where the plane crashed .
most films referred to as z movies are made on very small budgets by operations on the fringes of the commercial film industry .
this 15 cm long bird has a black head , breast , wings and tail , grey upperparts , white fringes to the wing feathers , and rufous underparts .
in the late 1840s the surrounding area was on the fringes of chicago and a group of irish immigrants started squatting on the unoccupied land around what is now kinzie street , between franklin street and the river .
both sexes are mainly brown above and buff below , with chestnut fringes to the secondary remiges .
on the forests northern fringes , new states emerged such as bono and banda .
mayanism therefore has a complex history that draws from many different sources on the fringes of mainstream archaeology .
the tenacious striker took this opportunity and in the subsequent 2 years at the club was regularly on the fringes of the first team before eventually making his first team debut in the 1 - 0 defeat to local rivals sheffield united on february 27th 2005 at the age of 16 .
it was therefore the more extensive and more rural of the two divisions of surrey established in 1832 , although including a number of towns on the south - western fringes of london .
after settling on the name american head charge , the band made their debut on the underground fringes of the industrial metal scene with their 1999 independent self - released album " trepanation " .
in 1929 he married katharine scott , and from then until 1950 murch supported himself and his family through a number of jobs on the fringes of the art world including department - store window design , book illustration , restaurant murals , freelance illustrations ( notably covers for the magazines fortune and scientific american ) and advertising commissions while he continued painting and studying contemporary art .
the resulting image is a speckle pattern with black ' fringes ' representing contours of constant 2nπ.
it is located southeast of athens at the fringes of the athens metropolitan area , and has a land area of 102.000 km² .
the individuals rosenfeld mentions are on the political fringes in asserting that israel has no right to exist and should either be destroyed or morphed into a so‑called binational state , which means the end of israel as we know it . "
the forest 's primary hazard is a twoleg house on the northern fringes of shadowclan 's territory , home to two rather violent kittypets who often attack clan cats who stray too close and call their twolegs to fend off patrols .
in the fifth episode , the protagonists encounter a sparsely visited junkyard of buses on the fringes of wireless internet connectivity .
the church , already on the fringes in most of asia , began to adopt the message of vatican ii and to accept its proper place with the poor and oppressed — the truly marginal in asian society .
the chicopee river originates in a small village of palmer , massachusetts called three rivers from the confluence of the quaboag river , ware river and swift river and flows generally west through the town of ludlow , massachusetts , and by the northern fringes of the indian orchard section of springfield , massachusetts .
when hints of a breeding plumage are acquired , a rusty tinge develops on the breast and ear - coverts , some flank streaks appear , and on the upper parts the non - breeding - plumaged feathers are replaced by feathers with black centres , grey tips and buff or pale chestnut fringes .
the first group is the villages and towns on the northern and southern fringes of the area .
bram stoker 's " dracula " ( 1897 ) utilised the eastern fringes of europe in transylvania as a point of origin for the arrival in modern provincial and then metropolitan london society of a creature from folklore .
unlike talmudic jews karaites do not make their tzitzit ( fringes or tassels ) out of shatnez .
with the poor outcome of the coalition - winning only 11 seats , despite huge promises and all the expectations that this election would be final đukanović 's fall - the unofficial leader of the yugoslavist bloc predrag bulatović resigned from political leadership and snp distanced itself from ns and dss , ending the last fringes of the once huge alliance .
as the winds of the region sweep high above the mountains of the southern alps , the water is left unruffled and quite reflective of the forest on the lake fringes .
increasing the wavelength will also increase the distance between fringes as long as the slits are wide enough to permit the passage of light of that wavelength .
the absence of dense , ventral femoral fringes on the palpi and legs i and ii distinguish " ceratogyrus spp . " from female " a. junodi " .
substantial numbers of ethnic - dacians probably continued to exist on the fringes of the roman province , as dio cassius records that 18,000 were granted permission to settle within the province by the emperor marcus aurelius ( r. 162 - 80 ) .
however , the wider amount of vision meant that the edges of the frame went beyond the fringes of the model city , leaving empty spaces with no buildings .
all of these " lost territories " were on the fringes of the siamese sphere of influence and had never been securely under their control , but being compelled to abandon all claim to them was a substantial humiliation to both king and country ( historian david k. wyatt describes chulalongkorn as " broken in spirit and health " following the 1893 crisis ) and is the basis for the change in the name of the country ; with the loss of these territories " great siam " was now no more , the king now ruled only the core " thai lands " .
on the backside of the legs , the hair forms fringes of moderate length .
the village was formerly on the main a33 road between reading ( 6 miles ) and basingstoke ( 8 miles ) , but is now bypassed by a newer route from just south of riseley to the m4 motorway on the southern fringes of reading .
his other publications concerned fresnel ’s theories of light and the ether , diffraction of polarized light , elliptical reflection , magnetic rotational forces , or interference fringes .
before the tallit is placed on a body for burial , however , one of the sets of fringes is cut to demonstrate that the person is no longer bound by the religious obligations of the living .
for example , where much criticism has been directed at increasing density in the inner - suburbs of melbourne , opponents are also highly critical of the releasing of new land on the fringes of melbourne .
carol redmount who wrote ' bitter lives : israel in and out of egypt ' in " the oxford history of the biblical world " concluded that the term " habiru " had no common ethnic affiliations , that they spoke no common language , and that they normally led a marginal and sometimes lawless existence on the fringes of settled society .
dhapa is a locality on the eastern fringes of kolkata , india .
the tigers stayed on the fringes of contention for the american league wild card for the first four months of the season , but then faded badly , finishing 71–91 .
magalim , a masalai or bush spirit of great significance to the telefol is active at the fringes of telefol consciousness .
the program covers a significant area in pampanga province and the fringes of central luzon .
for james , who now faced life as a landless outcast on the fringes of feudal society , the return of his ancestral estates was to become an overriding consideration , inevitably impacting on his political allegiances .
however , from the 14th century , on the coastal fringes and in the islands of south - east asia , the influence of islam proved stronger , expanding into malaysia , indonesia , and most of the islands as far as the southern philippines .
this crater lies near the outer fringes of the huge skirt of ejecta that surrounds the mare orientale impact basin to the east .
although there may be paved links from west , east or southern africa to the fringes of central africa , those links do not penetrate very far into the region .
similarly , the ultimate marvel universe is not part of the 616 , while the max imprint is on the fringes in a similar way to the vertigo / dc interaction .
the western plateau and highlands forms the eastern fringes of the chota nagpur plateau and is made up of igneous rocks of the archaen era as well as coal - bearing mudstone and quartzite rocks of carboniferous era .
again , subraction of the two images is used to display the fringes .
it catalogs a growing lexicon of undocumented or under - documented words on the fringes of english , focusing on slang , jargon , and new words .
although the fringes of the emerging canon remained unsettled for generations , a high degree of unanimity concerning the greater part of the new testament was attained among the very diverse and scattered congregations of believers not only throughout the mediterranean world , but also over an area extending from britain to mesopotamia . "
with 2006 on the fringes , he re - injured the same shoulder in a pre - season match against sydney , forcing him out for the first three - four months .
this dual carriageway section passes through the fringes of enfield before crossing the m25 motorway at junction 25 , near waltham cross .
in the far - field of the two pinholes the two waves interfere and produce fringes .
humanity entering outer fringes most perilous stage its existence .
commercial businesses , shopping and schools are mostly located on the fringes of the area , notably northlake blvd / coconut blvd and orange blvd / seminole pratt whitney road , while the center of area is mostly residential with a few garden nurseries on the major streets .
the sexes are similar , but young birds are duller and browner , with a paler forehead and pale fringes to the back and wing feathers .
late in the evening of the september 11 the division advanced toward the southwest , skirting the outer fringes of the un defenses , and deployed along the high ground overlooking pohang - dong for another assault on the town .
the quality of life deteriorates on the outer fringes of the northern suburbs .
jane austen lived her entire life as part of a large and close - knit family on the lower fringes of the english gentry .
alexander managed to briefly extend macedonian power not only over the central greek city - states , but also to the persian empire , including egypt and lands as far east as the fringes of india .
here she and raoul find an echo of the wilderness of the maquis and make friends with the spivs and deserters living on the fringes of society .
ulph is now a first team regular for the stones and morrison is on the fringes of the first team .
the southern fringes of the inskip and fountain city suburbs , christenberry heights , and beverly are located along the northern base of the ridge .
the linteln geest covers the historic duchy of verden which nowadays comprises the fringes of the lüneburg heath within the district of verden .
when sim lite entered what jpl terms " phase b " , or the definition phase of the project , in 2003 " fringes : space interferometry mission newsletter " , called it a most important milestone on the way to a 2009 launch .
the main italian inspiration of the scapigliati was the writer and journalist giuseppe rovani ( 1818 - 1874 ) , author of the novel " cento anni " and the influential aesthetic theories of his essays " le tre arti " , an anti - conformist and charismatic figure on the fringes of the literary world of milan , the city where the movement first developed through literary ' cenacles ' which met in taverns and cafes .
it was prophetic because at that time ctr was only barely international , and was just on the fringes of ' business machines ' -- a concept that did n't emerge fully until the 1960s .
the crack cocaine epidemic of the 1980s changed the character of the neighborhood ; it became considered to be on the western fringes of the philadelphia badlands .
hailing from broadstairs , kent and playing rugby from a young age , corker is on the fringes of the london wasps 1st xv in the position of lock forward .
it was used , as duffy 's cliff had been , for temporary spectator seating , in the days when standing - room - only crowds would be allowed at the fringes of the field behind ropes .
partridge attributes the final event to artistic motives , consistent with his cousin 's position on the fringes of the bloomsbury group , but in 1968 lord kennet described it as an outbreak of the life - force .
josef nesvadba , writing since the late 1950s , quickly became the best - known czech sf authors of the post - war generation , being translated into english and german , even though he moved from the sf proper after his first 3 story collections to the fringes of fantastic genre and mainstream .
australian public housing has traditionally been of two main types – inner - city medium to high - rise apartments , and low - density townhouses or fully detached houses on master - planned estates located on , what were at the time of construction , the suburban fringes of cities and towns .
young birds have paler yellow underparts , browner upperparts , no crown stripe , and more obvious chestnut fringes to the wing and tail feathers .
in optics , this is equivalent to including many fringes of the diffraction pattern .
the fringes move around as the wearer 's gaze through the lenses changes , and the prismatic shifting reverses on either side , above , and below the exact center of the lenses .
situated on mary st on the eastern fringes of toowoomba cbd adjacent to queens park and toowoomba east state school .
the music from the " inner mongolia suite " was used in the 1942 film " chronicles of the fringes ( of china ) " ( 塞上風雲 ) , and the music was hailed national heritage by tsui .
philadelphia ’s elite once flocked to opulent vacation homes built in the lush fringes bordering the city .
it is a poncho - like garment with a hole for the head and special twined and knotted fringes known as tzitzit attached to its four corners .
instead of aiming for the fringes of society , it began to focus on the edges of the mainstream , and the centre of the mass market itself .
" the new york review of books " described it as an excellent account describing the outermost fringes of american conservatism .
some non - native plants have begun to establish themselves from the fringes of residential areas on the bordering ridges .
the petit bourgeois environment , the lumpen elements , the social fringes and petty interests stifle the young couple , which appears to want to rebel , but does n't succeed .
the funds donated to hovevei zion by haim cohen were transferred to the jewish national fund , which purchased 120 dunams of land on the southern fringes of jerusalem .
one of the home 's most popular examples of tilework is a imitation persian carpet made of tile , including small pieces designed to look like rug fringes .
some evenkis decorated their clothing with fringes or embroidery ( 50 ) .
the overwhelming majority of areas of common land in lowland scotland and the highland fringes were " commonties " .
in parallel , the regular " lovable rogue " character of the day ( a role originally filled by claude greengrass , played by bill maynard ) dreams up some scheme or other , often involving making money on the fringes of the law .
also on the plan is the establishment of a postgraduate section of the st. xavier 's college , calcutta in its southern fringes , in the adjacent area to the eastern metropolitan bye - pass .
inverleith is an inner suburb in the northern part of edinburgh , scotland , on the fringes of the central region of the city .
unfortunately leigh had also chosen to use black fringes , but is forced to change colour .
it was an impressive classical building , and there was an open space in front of it which ranked among the larger ones in central london at a time when the royal parks were on the fringes of the city and the gardens of london 's squares were open only to the residents of the surrounding houses .
shape of interference fringes .
i go to church myself " , she says , " i do n't take any responsibility for the lunatic fringes of my own religion " . "
18 the gentian weaves her fringes
he remained , however , on the fringes of the side with aftab habib and ben smith being preferred in the leicestershire middle - order .
juvenile stilt sandpipers resemble the adults in their strong head pattern and brownish back , but they are not barred below , and show white fringes on the back feathering .
otherwise , however , he operated largely on the political fringes for many years .
the most striking feature of this old world monkey is its luxurious black coat , ornamented with long fringes of white fur down each side .
regarding the nature of her cult , it has been remarked , " she is more at home on the fringes than in the center of greek polytheism .
in section topography , even perfect crystals display fringes .
immature birds have tawny fringes to the tertiary remiges and sometimes buff - tipped outer primary wing coverts .
in some snakes , scales have been modified over time to serve other functions such as ' eyelash ' fringes , and protective covers for the eyes with the most distinctive modification being the " rattle " of the north american rattlesnakes .
fortunately , the able cast brings their characters to life and provide a memorable tapestry of lives on the artistic fringes .
it is perched 200 feet above rait , three miles north - east of errol , in the braes of the carse , on the fringes of the sidlaw hills .
stylised representations of parts of the body are often open to dispute and are therefore on the fringes of acceptability as identifiable petrosomatoglyphs .
dark , lanceolate scales with pale fringes are sparsely scattered along the length of the stipe .
there was no money , and it used ' found ' text and ' street ' actors ... filled with existential angst living on the fringes of society . "
after the short interregnum " bracken " , came " glenroe " , another ' rural ' show that however was not set , like " the riordans " in a rural townland , but on the fringes of a town close to dublin , with some characters living in an urban housing estate .
while some early episodes offer inconsistent histories , the canon story that has evolved is that he lives in a dilapidated house with his mother who works on the fringes of the sex industry , either as a waitress at hooters or in a topless bar .
the northern elements of blackpool contain only the fringes of the tourist areas , and takes in suburban areas to the east and north .
the works which he published between 1961 and 1964 are influenced by existentialism and picaresque literature , populated with more or less criminal rogues and anti - heroes whose position on the fringes of society allows them to make pointed criticisms of it .
currently athens county is located in the fringes of the huntington - charleston market , but the tv station can be received in parts of the columbus market , all of the zanesville market , and portions of the parkersburg and wheeling / steubenville markets .
after the coverage of gilbert gauthe subsided , the issue faded to the fringes of public attention until the mid-1990s , when the issue was again brought to national attention after a number of books on the topic were published .
john barbour , and ronnie schell appeared as contestants while working on the fringes of the entertainment industry .
it is also the story of a research colony on the fringes of human territory who are threatened by pirates .
as late as 1876 , si votha remained in revolt , striking at an outpost of norodom 's government , and slipping back to his sanctuary among the stiengs , one of the tribal groups on the fringes of cambodian society .
" the lowestoft boat " is a poem written by rudyard kipling ( 1865 - 1936 ) , and set to music by the english composer edward elgar in 1917 , as the first of a set of four war - related songs on nautical subjects for which he chose the title " the fringes of the fleet " .
he researched , self - published and distributed a series of editions of " alternative london " ( isbn 978 - 0950162829 ) , an encyclopaedic guide to living in london , particularly for young people squatting , living on low incomes , on the fringes of conventional society , and with ' alternative ' values and ambitions such as living communally and pursuing spiritual development .
near the fringes of the breakwaters ( approx . 2 miles from the island ) , intact hard coral reefs
the lower fringes around the hills are composed of younger new red sandstone rocks of the triassic period .
the young greens also meet at all of the bi - annual party conferences , where the young greens have become increasingly active through fringes and entertainment events such as comedy sketches and quizzes .
the areas on the fringes of the district remained rural up until the end of world war i. as witnessed nationally , there was a house construction boom in areas such as boldmere , walmley and four oaks .
a number of settlements had been built , not only on the silt fringes of the wash but also on a number of clay islands within the fens .
the city 's oldest markets are located in the ciutat vella and eixample , with newer markets along the fringes of the city .
along with the other things , they would have explained that the island empire was a prosperous , utopian society that maintained internal harmony by deliberately exiling their more deviant citizens to the outer fringes of the empire .
dark streaked beneath with a whitish unstreaked central strip , upperparts greenish grey with pale fringes to wing feathers .
this means that as the interferometer 's arms were spun to face into and against the ether wind , the vertical fringe lines should have moved across the viewer.4 fringe widths left and right for a total of.8 fringes from maximum to minimum .
the district is punctuated with notable architect - designed buildings combined with more tightly knit early 20th century subdivision along the district 's fringes .
ogrons are low - intelligence , ape - like hominids who live in scattered communities on an unnamed planet on the outer fringes of the milky way , far from the central spaceways .
this township is located to the southeast of sary and in the fringes of the caspian sea , and close to the city of behshahr .
a number of large monasteries in constantinople were secularised , and many monks fled to areas beyond effective imperial control on the fringes of the empire .
the mall was situated on a parcel on the southeastern fringes of charlotte 's " center city " area .
ovid regards what may be remnants of her rites as superstitions , or folk - tradition among women at the fringes of the feralia ; an old woman sews up a fish - head , smears it with pitch then pierces and roasts it to bind hostile tongues to silence : she thus invokes tacita .
covering over 24 hectares ( 60 acres ) of phoenix park , it is divided into areas named world of cats , world of primates , fringes of the arctic , african plains , birds , reptiles , plants , city farm and endangered species .
braga studied architecture in his youth , and , when he started to write songs , he adopted the pseudonym " joão de barro " ( the name of a bird that builds elaborate mud nests ) , as his father would n't approve of seeing the family name associated with the world of samba and popular music , then on the fringes of society .
this is an important theme in non - metropolitan australian poetry which is not much taken up in the urbanised fringes .
only if the second path is precisely 6 times the first , will fringes be seen .
since its birth , out of the counter culture jesus movement days of the late 60 's it has continued , over three decades , to devote its efforts amongst those on the fringes of society .
with strong domestic performances as well as good showings for the pakistan a , he remained on the fringes of a recall in 2004 .
humanity entering outer fringes most perilous stage its existence .
john stephen etnier ( born august 26 , 1953 in brunswick , maine ) , also known as dual space orphans , is an american musician , composer , recording engineer and graphic designer , whose most productive period was in the years 1970 - 1998 . tending towards the outer fringes of rock - based music and composition , he played in several maine bands , most notably " the same band " , and released several lp 's and cd 's in the period 1982 - 1998 .
the south eastern side of the complex is bounded by the our dynamic earth visitor attraction which opened in july 1999 , and queen 's drive which fringes the slopes of the salisbury crags .
as particles pass through the fringes , they reflect light ( only from the regions of constructive interference ) into a photodetector ( typically an avalanche photodiode ) .
the neuhaus - bülkau canal runs in a north - south direction just beyond the western fringes of the wingst .
cage operation action plan ( turkish : " kafes operasyonu eylem planı " ) is the name given to an alleged plot by radical fringes of the turkish left - wing secular establishment created in order to destabilize the governing justice and development party party by pitting political and religious minorities against them .
cash nurtured and defended artists on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment 's most visible symbol .
buddhist monks carried out a protracted struggle with the indigenous shamans and succeeded , to some extent , in taking over their functions and fees as healers and diviners , and in pushing the shamans to the fringes of mongolian culture and religion .
there are rufous fringes on the closed wings and white edged to the tail .
hesiodus is a lunar impact crater located on the southern fringes of mare nubium , to the northwest of the crater pitatus .
the suits must be attracted by having good conditions for the blue collars , the radical chics are attracted by good conditions for the fringes , and the elites are attracted by good conditions for both the suits and the radical chics .
there are many national parks along the rugged eastern fringes of the highlands including cathedral rock national park , which has the region 's highest peak , and nymboida national park .
paul played for the club 's junior sides , but just as he was approaching the fringes of the first team the league was suspended due to the outbreak of the second world war .
it became a vital part of hill 's image , just like his huge platform boots , his broad grin , the fringes and the outrageous costumes .
historian burton writes lohanas were brave people and says they were spread over today 's baluchistan ( pakistan ) , afghanistan and eastern fringes of central asia .
the juvenile has pale fringes to its head feathers , and the underpart background colour is buff rather than white .
it is raw silk , normally 90 x 300 cm , with fringes and is worn at special occasions or when visiting a dzong .
while poughkeepsie is part of the new york city television market , it is only viewable in the northern fringes of the area .
at this low rotation , the nulls in the standing wave tend to " get stuck " on the mirrors , locking the frequency of each beam to the same value , and the interference fringes no longer move relative to the detector ; in this scenario , the device will not accurately track its angular position over time .
