enid hartle was born in sheffield in 1935 and studied singing first at the guildhall school of music and drama and after with vera rozsa , with whom she had a long and fruitful relationship .
intense , long , certain , speedy , fruitful , pure—
a fruitful scholarly activity followed , culminating in murnu becoming a chairman professor of archaeology at the university of bucharest .
this , owing to his exact knowledge of former collections and thorough grasp of his subject , won for him the admiration of his contemporaries ; so that he was styled " glossator " , and his work , commonly known as " glossa ordinaria " , became the fruitful source of later glosses , which were printed with gregory 's collection .
together they were a very fruitful duo and in 1920 they created ballets suédois at the théâtre des champs - élysées in paris .
his most fruitful of collaboration was with chinese musician cui jian , with whom zhang made several music videos , including the winner of the best asian video , " wild in the snow " , in the 1991 mtv music video awards .
as a consequence of the short but fruitful life of dr. oswaldo cruz , an extremely important scientific and health institution was born , which marked the beginning of experimental medicine in brazil in many areas .
the venue would prove to be a fruitful one in the end however for booth as he returned in december to defeat prospect matthew edmonds for the commonwealth crown vacated by tshifhiwa munyai .
he emphasises that its fruitful evolution is not to be taken for granted .
during the reign of firuz shah , sikandar khan ghazi led a fruitful expedition against matuk , a hindu raja of the sundarban area .
the tree contrasts the formerly fruitful golden age with the its own barren time in which fruit is violently ripped off and its branches broken .
nevertheless , thanks largely to the persistence of end and like - minded activists from other countries , who kept up a constant stream of correspondence with dissidents in the soviet bloc and visited them whenever they could , by the mid-1980s a fruitful dialogue had been established .
one of winslow 's most fruitful and notable collaborations has been with bluesman nick katzman .
especially fruitful was gold 's relationship with the illustrator bob peak .
murray predicted a fruitful reign under le guen , describing his capture as " a massive moonbeam of success " for the club and promising , " we ’ve got big plans . "
members of the church made fantastic claims such as : " hopeless barren women were made fruitful ; women who had been carrying their pregnancies for long years were wonderfully delivered .
the discussion about african issues was not as fruitful as the regular g8 sessions and had a " fragmented " character .
browne states that pearse ’s " ideas of sacrifice and atonement , of the blood of martyrs that makes fruitful the seed of faith , are to be found all through [ his ] writings ; nay , they have here even more than their religious significance , and become vitalizing factors in the struggle for irish nationality " .
since lap was a government losing company , attempts to privatize were not fruitful and the money losing operation was shut down in 1994 .
this was the mission which he carried out through thick and thin until he died on april 12 , 1963 , full of years and fruitful achievements .
the most fruitful years of his life were dedicated to the advancement of a constantly expanding farmville community .
but some of them lost their hopes for a fruitful future and left austria before 1938 , especially following the " juliabkommen " 1936 between austria and germany which provided an amnesty for illegal nazis .
free - flight trials confirmed the design as basically sound , so although the engine difficulties were never fully resolved , bratukhin was convinced that further development along the same general lines would prove fruitful .
the collaboration proved fruitful as lion 's single , " shoot to kill " , sold more than 1,000,000 copies .
in the light of the above considerations it seems that from the viewpoint of the long term interests of the jats , gokula ’s abortive exertions were no less significant than the more fruitful struggles of raja ram and churaman ii .
after a fruitful stay at vicenza calcio ( where he appeared mainly as a central defender , playing alongside swede joachim björklund ) , followed by a 1997–98 runner - up league place with inter milan ( also winning the uefa cup , repeating the feat with parma ac the following season ) , sartor joined a.s. roma in 2002 , in a four year - contract , but failed to become a team regular , with just 12 appearances in 2002–03 , and was consecutively loaned to a.c. ancona in the second half of the following season , and genoa c.f.c. in 2004–05 , after only six appearances for the country capital .
labor law proved a more fruitful opportunity for the invalidating of the reserve clause .
in 1968 exploratory talks among the four brotherhoods’ interested in forming one transportation union proved fruitful and plans were formulated for merging of the four operation unions into a single organization to represent all four operating crafts .
in 1977 johnny winter convinced his label , blue sky , to sign muddy , the beginning of a fruitful partnership .
the arrival of dennis bergkamp , however , heralded a brief but fruitful striking partnership , and in their first season as a partnership they helped arsenal finish fifth in the league and qualify for the uefa cup - they also reached the coca - cola cup semi - finals , where they went out on away goals to eventual winners aston villa .
the theologising process has helped the students to identify the needs , aspirations and anxieties of the people in a given area and to respond theologically , to know the involvement of the churches and their relationship with one another and with other faiths , in an attempt to discern the work of god through people of other faiths , ideologies and other organisations , to learn from the experiences of different individuals and organisations , already involved in the community and to be challenged for a creative and a fruitful contextual ministry in the areas , where they will be placed in the future .
wachapreague , known as the little city by the sea , has a long and fruitful history .
" and we know all things that come to pass upon the fruitful earth . ) "
this translation was a fruitful source of new doctrinal teachings , also influenced by the conversion of sidney rigdon , a former disciples of christ minister who converted to the church in 1831 along with his entire congregation .
requests for such data will not be fruitful in every case , as providers often will effect a finite term of data retention ( in accordance with the privacy policy of each — local law may specify a minimum and/or maximum term ) .
( ) and god told him to be fruitful and multiply , for nations and kings would descend from him , and god would give jacob and his descendants the land that god gave to abraham and isaac .
as his new thinking became increasingly fruitful , he also concluded that other ordinary language philosophers had failed to grasp the real philosophical value of directing philosophers’ attention to ordinary language .
the user community and gvox currently intensively interact in a fruitful way , to improve the product and tune it to the customers needs , as can be observed at the forum .
oceansize have often stated the the bulk of the writing is the product of fruitful ' jam sessions , ' with steve durose explaining after the release of effloresce that " our sound has just evolved really , but right from the first rehearsal , we kind of had it in the bag .
the ira was demoralised and militarily moribund , even the ability to gather fruitful intelligence was gone .
his collaboration with belliure has been most fruitful .
this would be very damaging to the civil service , as the " months of fruitful work " that its officials currently undertake to arrive at " a mature and responsible conclusion " would be reduced to a decision taken over the course of a couple of meetings by " complete amateurs " .
she contrasts the miserable marriage of sallie 's friend helen with sallie 's fruitful life as she devotes herself to the demanding and strenuous task of running an orphanage .
jon bonné at msnbc called the episode " a perfect example of the first season ’s bizarre and fruitful balance between edgy humor and softly - drawn neuroses " and stated that " it was this combination that made groening ’s shorts for the ullman show so compelling , and ultimately what made it possible for " the simpsons " to break the molds of network television . "
russia and botswana have had fruitful cooperation in a variety of fields , particularly in human resource development .
once their combined efforts proved fruitful under later leaders and bright future prospects appeared ahead .
yet spectrum was fruitful in another way , providing the raw material of future success : bettis went on to become a lyricist for richard 's original compositions , and all the other members except leslie johnston went on to become members of the carpenters .
he was immediately converted , had himself and his family baptized , and changed his name to eustace ( greek : ευστάθιος " eustathios " , " good fortune " or " fruitful " ) .
however , because language is always open to re - interpretation , it can also be used to resist this shaping and restriction , and so is a potentially fruitful site of political struggle .
in the villages , the ashes or charred fragments of the badnjak are scattered in the fields to assure a fruitful crop .
sesame plants are a rich source of vitamins and minerals , and langham focused on cross - breeding the plant into more fruitful versions .
in ealing marevna " enjoyed some three more fruitful decades before her demise there in 1984".this was to gloss over the low points in the early 1960s .
[ 60 ] yet the soul may pierce beyond this " fruitful " nature to the simple essence of god .
after contemplating joining , the epc fellowship ’s leaders did not proceed with an actual union but there was a desire to continue a fruitful ecumenical relationship with it and other reformed churches .
ergodic theory has fruitful connections with harmonic analysis , lie theory ( representation theory , lattices in algebraic groups ) , and number theory ( the theory of diophantine approximations , l - functions ) .
the battle is often considered by historians to be the luckiest and most fruitful in bulgarian military history .
this was the commencement of a long and fruitful association between the australian opera and maestro cillario .
the 50 's and 60 's were fruitful decades for deportivo quito with the club obtaining national championship titles in 1964 and 1968 as well as interandean championships ( named so for inclusion of teams from both quito and ambato ) in 1955 , 1956 , 1957 and 1963 .
however , she had fallen in love with wheelchair racing and a long and fruitful career had begun .
it has been exceptionally fruitful of businesses that cater to a niche market - exemplified by such companies as amazon and netflix which provide a range of items that could not be accommodated by one physical space .
these events are usually held in aid of charities but were originally a social gathering to celebrate the harvest and thank the pagan gods for a fruitful year .
let us consecrate the union of thoughts , of souls , but also the union in fruitful labour by shouting : long live greater romania , strong and united ! "
( reproduction must have happened in some way , however , for god commands man before the fall to " be fruitful and multiply " in genesis 1:28 . )
fruitful final journey with mountford .
this exterior life so fruitful in works had its source in a profound spirit of religion and in an interior life of wonderful intensity .
for example , he suggests that the properties described as natural phenomena by schenker be considered axioms and he also formulated a system to compose twelve - tone music that was " equally intricate and fruitful . "
verlaine soon released a self - titled solo album that began a fruitful 1980s solo career .
the entire ceremony is to demonstrate rejoicing and gratitude for a blessed and fruitful year .
since 1986 , vaikule has been enjoying a fruitful collaboration with popular latvian composer , raimonds pauls , and russian poet ilya reznik , who wrote such hits as " vernisazh " , " charley " and " skripach na kryshe " ( " fiddler on the roof " ) .
several attempts were made by then french authorities to entice monsieur dadala , during his days of struggle for the merger , with gifts , wealth and rich settlements in india and in france . when these efforts were not fruitful , they dismissed him from service , humiliated him in front of his fellow officers and even tried to eliminate him .
the fijians propitiate the gods for success in war , offspring , deliverance from danger and sickness , fruitful seasons , fine weather , rain , favourable winds , etc . ,
in 1965 he began a fruitful relationship with the consulting group " le condotte " ( later merged with italstat ) , taking care of the design and implementation of resettlement thermal boniface viii fiuggi , the metropolitana di roma in the trunk by the termini station to via ottaviano in prati , opened in 1980 .
he also signed with shakir entertainment in 2006 , a move proved very fruitful for him under the direction of shaun cairo .
a thorough comparison of " g. yumenensis " to the hesperornithes may prove especially fruitful , as the assignment of the latter to the ornithurae is not altogether certain because of their extreme specialization ( e.g. their feet that were carried splayed sidewards and their near - complete loss of wings ) .
in 2006 , the four hundred had a fruitful year , as they recorded their napoleonic ep in milwaukee at bobby peru 's recording studio with shane olivo .
this was first done by andré haefliger , and this approach is fruitful in codimension 3 or more – from the point of view of surgery theory , this is " high ( co)dimension " , unlike codimension 2 which is the knotting dimension , as in knot theory .
kelly worked on many other aspects of category theory besides enriched categories , both individually and in a number of fruitful collaborations .
the method could be fruitful in working with the marginalized people as marginalisation is usually a historical phenomenon .
the collaboration was extremely fruitful : bob wills and the texas playboys eventually recorded over 50 of cindy walker ’s songs , including " cherokee maiden " ( 1941 ) , " dusty skies " ( 1941 ) , " miss molly " ( 1942 ) , " sugar moon " ( co - written with bob wills ; 1947 ) and " bubbles in my beer " ( 1948 ) .
michael 's prospects seemed fruitful until the day he killed an englishman colonel by accident .
at that time , many northerners , particularly from the tribes ephraim and manasseh , migrated to the kingdom of judah because of the fruitful golden age in judah , and the internal conflict in israel after the fall of the dynasty of jeroboam i.
the new york connection proved fruitful , as the two first xls recordings , " slow - up " ( 1991 ) and " killed by charity " ( 1993 ) were both produced by bill laswell .
while this has been fruitful in developed regions such as north america , western europe and some other countries , mobile spam messages ( sms sent to mobile subscribers without a legitimate and explicit opt - in by the subscriber ) remain an issue in many other parts or the world , partly due to the carriers selling their member databases to third parties .
prince rashed al khuzai noble stands with christian communities from all parts of the levant and his fruitful efforts to protect them from any harassment or killing , and calling for peaceful coexistence between religions and respect for all faiths , which directly contributed to the extinguishing of such fire of sedition .
the 1930s proved to be even more fruitful , the club won five consecutive league titles from 1930 through to 1935 , most were under coach carlo carcano with star players such as raimundo orsi , luigi bertolini , giovanni ferrari and luis monti amongst others .
a fruitful professional association with arturo toscanini began in 1936 , when bampton sang in debussy 's " la damoiselle élue " with the nyp , and included several broadcasts with the conductor and his nbc symphony orchestra .
they issued a common proclamation together that included the statement that : " we look forward to a fruitful collaboration to enable our contemporaries to rediscover the christian roots of the european continent which forged the different nations and contributed to developing increasingly harmonious links between them .
but it is questionable whether he pursued the right course in disregarding the fruitful labours of scholastic theology and philosophy – of which , like all who scorn them , he had but scanty knowledge – and permitting his thought , particularly in his natural philosophy , and his speculative method to be unduly influenced by those very systems ( of hegel and schelling ) which he combated .
more fruitful was krenek 's response to an approximately contemporary request from his pianist and composer friend eduard erdmann , who wished to add schubert 's " reliquie " piano sonata to his repertoire , for completions of that work 's fragmentary third and fourth movements .
for the sake of commercial production , honeycrisp apple trees are not self - fruitful , so trees grown from the seeds of honeycrisp apples will be hybrids of honeycrisp and the pollinator .
the whole area surrounding kruševlje is a flat ground , with many swampy meadows , fens , bad - fruitful salt - spring fields .
the stop is hardly more onerous than ordinary traffic congestion , and the resulting cooperation with the investigation would prove just as fruitful as stopping pedestrians on the street .
he had a long and fruitful partnership with the metropolitan opera in new york city between 1961 and 1975 .
in the following year , which saw the publication of " de praesulibus hiberniae commentarius " , he began a brief though fruitful collaboration with dubhaltach macfhirbhisigh .
after the macedonians captured thyatira , they advanced to plunder the plain of thebe , but the booty proved less fruitful than anticipated .
his romance is detailed in his second autobiographical book ; it involved a shipboard meeting and courtship , some 400 love letters , a twenty - five year separation , and finally a happy and fruitful marriage .
barocci 's embrace of the counter reformation would shape his long and fruitful career .
during a psychic monitoring of the virtual contact between motoko , aramaki , and another entity on the net , the psychic states , " something of substance , something fruitful has passed between them , " to which batou remarks , " a persimmon maybe ? "
i am convinced that only forgiveness , offered and received , leads little by little to a fruitful dialogue , which will in turn ensure a fully christian reconciliation .... belonging to different religious traditions must not constitute today a source of opposition and tension .
in fact , they form the basis of so called bohemian school of chess composition , most fruitful in threemovers and moremovers .
cancer is the most fruitful and bountiful sign , it being the house of the moon , and the exaltation of jupiter .
his partnership with poet karl flaster was a fruitful one .
alfredo le pera ( 4 june 1900 ? – 24 june 1935 ) was an brazilian journalist , dramatist , and lyricist , best known for his brief but fruitful collaboration with the argentinian tango singer carlos gardel .
nicholas 's study of japanese was fruitful , allowing him to translate all liturgy books and many parts of the bible including the whole of the new testament and psalms , most of the book of genesis and the book of isaiah with help from a japanese christian and scholar nakai tsugumaro who ran a kanbun private school kaitokudo in osaka .
capitalising on jimmy 's close vocal similarity to elvis , the mask and clever imagery ( see " reborn " album cover ) , people like shelby singleton , gail brewer - giorgio and gene arthur enjoyed a financially fruitful time , at least for a few years .
the employing of neural mechanisms to enhance motor development is now well established ; the current area of major growth and controversy lies in the use of neurological constructs to aid in understanding and ameliorating cognitive functions such as learning disabilities ; the next step may well be a more fruitful attack on emotional and behavior disorders . ”
phil retired from inter - county hurling after returning from the league trip to the u.s. then began a very fruitful period of his career with toomevara .
opponents of classical mathematics will argue that of course classical mathematics will be more fruitful if the vast majority of mathematical energy is expended on it .
saberhagen came up with the berserker as the rationale for the story on the spur of the moment , but the basic concept was so fruitful , with so many possible ramifications , that he has used it as the basis of many of his stories .
after the war he began a fruitful association with the film - making partnership of michael powell and emeric pressburger , beginning in 1946 with " a matter of life and death " , followed by " black narcissus " ( 1947 ) .
in mathematics , in particular commutative algebra , the concept of fractional ideal is introduced in the context of integral domains and is particularly fruitful in the study of dedekind domains .
later period , when political regime got more liberal , was the most fruitful : movies " the golden apple " , " romance for cornet " , " malleus maleficarum " and " comedian " belong to his best .
very occasionally , the dialogue turns heated , which is only expected given the nature of the topic under discussion , yet that only leads to more interesting and fruitful discussions .
centuries later , italy would become the birthplace of the renaissance , an immensely fruitful intellectual movement that would prove to be integral in shaping the subsequent course of european thought .
between tsiknias and exobourgo lies the fruitful plain of falatados .
his academic activity was fruitful .
with his wife aemilia paulla ( also called aemilia tertia ) , daughter of the consul lucius aemilius paullus who fell at cannae and sister of another consul lucius aemilius paulus macedonicus , he had a happy and fruitful marriage .
as a sacred orator his zeal and eloquence kept abreast with his erudition and were as fruitful .
she enjoyed a long and fruitful widowhood , becoming patroness of many religious houses .
the 1970s and 1980s , were less fruitful times for central european film generally , and czechoslovak cinema particularly suffered after the 1968 soviet - led invasion .
when creating theories , the objective is to find ones which are at least as simple in information requirements , more precise in predictions , and more fruitful in generating additional research than prior theories .
the name is from the bible and means " fruitful . "
one of the most fruitful and contentious has been the consideration of austen as a political writer .
the task of converting the indians was less fruitful .
midlands labels - bearos and sorted - provided early support , though the band 's most fruitful relationship seems to have been with the now - defunct guildford label , words and works rejected .
despite a first fruitful season individually , recreativo ranked last .
etymologically , the name " euphrates " is the greek form of the original name , phrat , which means " fertilizing " or " fruitful " .
in a january 8th interview with mtv , ford said , " george is working on an idea , and if it comes to a fruitful stage , all of us are very interested in making another ... i think it would be interesting to advance the understanding of the character , as we always have had that ambition throughout the series .
however , at the end of this essay , derrida hints at what might be a more fruitful direction for genre theory . "
lateral branches extended from these mountains to the coast , of which one terminated in the promontory cnemides , opposite the islands called lichades ; but there were several fruitful valleys , and the fertility of the whole of the locrian coast is praised both by ancient and modern observers .
over the next decades other mayanists such as proskouriakoff , michael d. coe , and david h. kelley would further expand upon this phonetic line of enquiry , which ran counter to the accepted view but would prove to be ever more fruitful as their work continued .
sciama drew on his broad knowledge of physics to make fruitful connections among many topics in astronomy and astrophysics .
one of the most successful and fruitful artists of his epoch , gucci built or reconstructed a number of palaces of notable people in all parts of the polish republic .
in 1991 he concludes a " master degree " in musical composition at the federal university of rio de janeiro , and in 1992 he starts a large and fruitful period as a professor of musical composition at the são paulo state university .
the meeting between the two was extremely fruitful and they were friends from then on , boccaccio calling petrarch his teacher and " magister " .
unlike many former historians ( e.g. voltaire and condorcet ) , who denigrated the middle ages , he endeavored to show that the roman catholic church had helped foster western science in one of its most fruitful periods .
the wsl 's attempts to have suffrage implemented by the new south wales government were not fruitful ; however , in 1897 , maybanke decided to petition the 1897 federal convention in adelaide .
smiting upon the breasts for the pleasant fields , for the fruitful vine ;
the work that resulted from this career , while artistically fruitful and critically acclaimed , was n't a commercial success .
davies has had a long - standing and fruitful association with the great jazz pianist keith jarrett .
alan cantwell writes that reich 's detractors focused on one paragraph in which reich wrote that his research had " proved particularly fruitful for an understanding of cancer , " which led to the claim that he was promoting a quack cancer cure .
though , attempts have been made to write the history of arikkulam , nothing fruitful emerged out of them .
the laine / miller collaboration was one of the most fruitful in the history of popular music , producing a run of top forty hits that lasted into the early years of the rock ' n ' roll era .
the whole debate of the book is definitely not a fruitful way in which to conduct a dialogue between science and theology . "
the exchange proved fruitful for clowes , as the bankruptcy of archibald constable caused a short period of bad business that afflicted the london publishing industry ; the duke 's compensation helped offset the large losses clowes experienced during this time .
the project has been fruitful , as sifa was instrumental in arranging the first shooting of an indian film ever on swedish soil , romesh sharma 's follow your heart ( dil jo bhi kahe ) .
galileo exerted a strong influence on cavalieri encouraging him to work on his new method and suggesting fruitful ideas , and cavalieri would write at least 112 letters to galileo .
this continues to be a very fruitful research area .
coillard assisted in fruitful negotiations between local basuto chiefs and theophilus shepstone , natal 's secretary for native affairs .
in the late 1590s hakluyt became the client and personal chaplain of sir robert cecil , 1st earl of salisbury , lord burghley 's son , who was to be hakluyt 's most fruitful patron .
this custom is followed out of a desire to fulfil the biblical mandate to " be fruitful and multiply " and to compensate for the decimation of jews of eastern europe in the shoah .
-talat wafa ( september 8 , 2005 ) us - saudi relations : understanding the history of a sincere and fruitful cooperation
the town of happy camp , first settled in 1851 , was named for its fruitful yields of gold .
she notably had a lengthy and fruitful partnership with the metropolitan opera in new york city , singing there for eighteen consecutive seasons between 1932 and 1950 .
this method is most fruitful for planets between earth and the center of the galaxy , as the galactic center provides a large number of background stars .
. hammerschmidt - hummel ’s „ new methodolical approach and its extraordinary and fruitful results “ , a literary scholar and art expert wrote , „ also affects north european art history and will be instrumental to overcome the splitting - up of the humanities and social sciences . “
one of the differences , said wong , is that parker may give a " fruitful " wine 88 points when wong will give it 92 , noting that it may be well - made for its varietal .
others , including former musicians , assert that lewis ' motives when taking over the administrative leadership of the orchestra was to " kill the orchestra " , paving the way for the cleveland orchestra 's miami - residency , which has financially proven quite fruitful for the cleveland - based group .
the bronze age sarkartapa monument outside khachmaz ( also called " sarkar gishlaghy " " sarkar winter camp " ) is an important and particularly fruitful archaeological site .
their fruitful meeting gave birth to " fire flower " , a jewel which demonstrates the equality of music and image by combining them in a project where the artistic quality prevails .
this move proved fruitful and the planets defences were overcome as planned .
the 2007–08 season was the most fruitful of his career as he set a career record of 23 goals in a season , scored a landmark 100th competitive goal for tottenham and won his first senior honour , the league cup .
falling in love with the country and its music , he emigrated to são paulo in the ' 90s , where his fruitful production began and ended .
such times can prove fruitful for spiritual progress , as external constraints diminish , although they offer challenges because our unskillful impulses can come to the fore , just as in the " sidpa bardo " .
flondor has had fruitful collaborations with italian mathematicians , being invited to the university of rome and the university of perugia .
the throwing of rice , a very ancient custom but one later than the wheat , is symbolical of the wish that the bridal may be fruitful .
in general , very little attention is paid to recruiting members out of general conglomerations like anti - war or g20 demonstrations and the like— while it is true that pl politically has no particular opposition to recruiting from within the activist community , many of its members and leaders seem to dislike it and to refer to it as , at best , not very fruitful , and at worst as a total waste of time much better spent on working full - time with inner - city workers and youth .
furthermore , the method , or variants thereof , have turned out to be also fruitful in other fields of theoretical physics .
" “ the gods were propitiated to ensure favourable winds for sailing , fruitful seasons , success in war , deliverance from sickness ... in times of peace and prosperity , the bure kalou might fall into disrepair ; but when drought and scarcity came , or war threatened , the god was remembered , his dwelling repaired , its priest overwhelmed with gifts and attention . ” "
he led an active and fruitful life , setting standards of personal and professional conduct across bangladesh society wherever he was involved .
he was influenced by the methodist revival and the contrast between the " apathy of his early years " and the " fruitful piety " of later life was noted .
there is an original and fruitful relationship between the university and the business activities in the bergamo area .
i know that many other turkish politicians , diplomats , scholars , and journalists have also had fruitful and useful exchanges with the members of the institute . "
from 1920 to 1928 he served as the german ambassador to japan ; his tenure proved to be fruitful , as he was instrumental in restoring good relations between the two wartime enemies , culminating in the signing of the german - japanese treaty of 1927 .
according to " primary care today " , a healthcare professionals online publication in the uk , the mission of fruitful office is " furthering health awareness in the workplace . "
" planet anthem " is the product of three fruitful years of labor , during which the disco biscuits absorbed everything from hip hop to pop to indie rock into their sound .
attempts to open discussions with the independent labour party , the socialist labour party ( slp ) and the british socialist party did not prove fruitful .
the 25 years immediately following faraday 's discoveries of electric induction were fruitful in the promulgation of laws and facts relating to induced currents and to magnetism .
facing a public howling for their heads , the junta quietly transferred power to a democratically elected administration in late 1983 and though his fellow citizens had great hope in him initially , president raúl alfonsín proved unable to translate his considerable political skill and high - minded intentions into economic stability or even fruitful negotiations with argentina 's impatient creditors .
“ be fruitful and multiply”—command or blessing ?
a cult connected with alban was already in existence in the 6th century , for bede quotes a line from one of the " carmina " ; of venantius fortunatus , " albanum egregium fæcunda britannia profert " ( " fruitful britain holy alban yields " ) .
their study leads to a very fruitful approach for " integrating " such systems , the inverse scattering transform and more general inverse spectral methods ( often reducible to riemann – hilbert problems ) ,
in some cases it is also hoped that improvements in technology will enable them to be re - examined at a later date , with more fruitful results .
old values such as the biblical notion of " be fruitful and multiply " ( thought to be applicable in modern times despite the opinion even of 1st millennium church fathers that it 's already fulfilled ) were cast aside as people continued to feel alienated from the past and adopted the life - styles of modernizing westernised cultures .
the film has played ground breaking role in the revival of pakistani cinema ; the film has now been released worldwide and has been a hit , and ahmed jehanzeb feels proud to be a part of film history also as it was his first stint as a playback singer and it proved fruitful .
eustace is a name of greek origin , from " ευσταχυς " ( " eustachys " ) meaning " fruitful " .
a novelisation of the film published in england made the implication clear , having pretorius say to frankenstein " ' be fruitful and multiply . '
it is thus likely that more intense examination of structuralist views will lead to them being either more forcibly rejected by mainstream evolutionary biology , or to a more fruitful engagement and integration of at least some of them into future general accounts of structure and evolution .
the paintings are a positive visualization of the lowly folks who are living fruitful lives .
these years were his best and most fruitful period , with e.g. the painting " de oude haagbeukdreef .
mathematics has since been greatly extended , and there has been a fruitful interaction between mathematics and science , to the benefit of both .
this reality has two attempts for establishment of an institution to ensure the preservation of the feasts of pasto , but efforts of the mid-80s , and the start of the 90s , were not fruitful because the various sectors involved do n't agree , it will be the mayor of pasto , which still managed the festival through a special undersecretary 's office called the " carnival office " , this office began to concern about the loss of identity of blacks and whites ' carnival , mainly with the massive introduction of the ecuadorian canned foam .
his role as nicolas cayetano is the drama series impostora became his most notable role in tv & the said drama also relaunched his career making him one of the top leading men in gma & because of the fruitful projects given to him by gma he decided to sign an exclusive contract with the network that rebuilt his career , he was paired with sunshine dizon ( " impostora " ) , regine velasquez ( " ako si kim sam soon " ) , heart evangelista ( " luna mystika " ) , iza calzado ( "
few could have imagined the johnson - elliott - brewer combination would be so fruitful so early in the season .
psathas ' relationship with evelyn glennie has been a particularly fruitful one for them both .
capital ’s sophomore season would n’t be as fruitful however , despite early promise with new coach malik jivens securing the signings of experienced marcus knight , formerly of guildford heat , darren mills from leicester , and ajou deng coming later in the season .
he also had a fruitful songwriting collaboration with lasse berghagen , with whom he wrote several songs and submitted " hej , clown " for the 1969 melodifestivalen - the swedish eurovision song festival finals .
in 1907 , a very fruitful co - operation with the stockholm based engineering company " fritz egnell " begun , with a one cylinder 3 hp compression ignition engine .
after this he established what was to be a fruitful partnership with lechner which only ended in 1896 , following the design of the budapest museum of applied arts .
in addition , the private universities have faced a restrictive lack of collaboration with the major enterprises which , however , have developed fruitful relationships with many public higher education institutions .
the risky but fruitful research work was done with human volunteers , including some of the medical personnel such as lazear and clara maass who allowed themselves to be deliberately infected .
nevertheless , it has been a fruitful source of insight into the culture and religious doctrines of the ancient egyptians .
through many years of determined hard work , this proved fruitful when the gwrych castle preservation trust precipitated the sale of gwrych castle by pursuing compulsory purchase action .
there has also been talk as of late to convert most of the mall into a discount - type power center this has proved fruitful in some major metro markets .
rob preece , in " the wisdom of imperfection , " writes that while the teacher / disciple relationship can be an invaluable and fruitful experience , the process of relating to spiritual teachers also has its hazards .
best is also known for being the first moderator of the united church to serve a three - year term as the general council deemed its work to be more fruitful that way .
however , he then began long - lasting and fruitful co - operation with the poet ingeborg bachmann .
they also came onstage for paramore 's finale , marking the end of a highly fruitful year for the band .
during his fruitful life , he founded several private educational institutions
the institute is active in the field of cultural promotion aimed at fostering fruitful relations between italy and the african and asian countries .
a major crimes unit of local police , state police and federal marshals continued running a 24-hour command center into september responding to dozens of tips and calls , many of which they admitted were not fruitful .
many of them were excavated in the ancient roman horti ( eg the gardens of sallust ) between the 1890s and 1930s , a fruitful period for roman archaeology .
“ to summarize we may , i think , justly conclude that though yule did not fully develop any completely new branches of statistical theory , he took the first steps in many directions which were later to prove fruitful lines for further progress …
despite its size as a small city , spartanburg has , throughout its history , been a fruitful home to a creative community .
andersson also had a fruitful songwriting collaboration with lasse berghagen , with whom he composed his first svensktoppen entry " sagan om lilla sofi " ( " the story of little sophie " ) in 1968 .
these actions heighten tensions and undermine international efforts to create conditions for fruitful negotiations to achieve peace .
after this brief , but extremely fruitful , 20-month period of " protest songs , " dylan decided to extract himself from the movement , changing his musical style from folk to a more rock - orientated sound , and writing increasingly abstract lyrics , which had more in common with poetry and biblical references than social injustices .
one of his fellow coaches during this period was bill parcells , a connection that would prove fruitful in the future .
it was the genesis , though , for the forging of a great theatrical team , a fruitful but stormy partnership in which houseman said welles " was the teacher , i , the apprentice " .
working with previous " shake naked vocalist " lenita erickson later proved fruitful as erickson 's friend bruce kulick of kiss fame invited fitz to join him in a recording effort after hearing him play .
despite these minor considerations and opened questions , the work is a fruitful approach to violence in civil war .
parikh believes that development and renewal of physical , mental , social and spiritual endowments is the key to living a fruitful and a balanced life .
highest abstractness ; and this is also most highly fruitful for science .
excavations recommenced in 1949 and continued to yield fossils and artefacts making this site one of the most fruitful sources of material from the middle pleistocene era .
one tactic that did work , however , was his moving billy tremelling from centre - forward back to half - back , which resulted in a fruitful partnership with jimmy hampson ( a player beaumont had brought to the seaside ) .
in the 1930s , he began a fruitful career as director of photography , working with directors with such differing styles as robert bresson , marcel carné , max ophüls , claude autant - lara , jean grémillon , yves allégret , jules dassin and even julien duvivier .
in lines ap and aq , in the phrase " gaf j " ( " gave j " ) , the j - rune stands for its rune name " jara " meaning " harvest " or " bountiful or fruitful year .
geronimon proved himself a fruitful opponent with his razor feathers , but ultraman barely out manuvered them and managed to beam geronimon down .
after completing his mba in marketing in 1998 , tarun ’s self - confessed urge to do something " different and exciting " saw him jump into the world of advertising where he spent a fruitful three years with agencies such as saatchi & saatchi , enterprise nexus , and ogilvy & mather .
this proved a fruitful beginning and by season ’s end he had become a first team regular , making nine appearances and scoring one goal in the league .
there he continued a fruitful ministry to the chinese and was a founder - member of the manchester chinese christian church , while remaining a faithful member of union hall evangelical church .
he allied himself with the commission house of j. s. & e. wright & co. ( later bliss , fabyan & co. ) with whom he maintained fruitful relations for many years .
for example , based on analysis of the history of science , kuhn ( 1961 , p. 162 ) concludes that “ large amounts of qualitative work have usually been prerequisite to fruitful quantification in the physical sciences ” .
this partnership proved fruitful as breezy was hired to produce other acts on the label such as a step beyond .
oh , most beautiful flower of mount carmel , fruitful vine , splendor of heaven , blessed mother of the son of god , immaculate virgin , assist me in my necessity .
thou didst blossom in the courts of the lord as a fruitful olive tree , o holy martyr sophia ; in thy contest thou didst offer to christ the sweet fruit of thy womb , love , hope and faith .
at wesleyan university , he befriended the composer john cage , an association that proved fruitful to both .
the area was settled by many other farm families and life was busy and fruitful in the fertile valleys until even this remote part of the south was visited by the sounds of cannon and guns during the american civil war .
the mountains of drnholec with its tops of the “ alte haide ” ( 260 m ) and the “ steinhaide ” ( 273 m ) , the mountains of prerau to the south with the “ bergried ” ( 224 m ) emboss the township with fruitful vineyards .
ramesses marriage to his true love nefertari was fruitful and secured the family line and the country too was fertile thanks to the annual flooding of the nile .
his years at rko were fruitful , and he worked on many films , including " a bill of divorcement " ( 1932 ) , " what price hollywood ? " ( 1932 ) , " rockabye " ( 1932 ) , " our betters " ( 1933 ) , and " king kong " ( 1933 ) .
lucas farmed this land and this venture proved fruitful , for in august 1802 he sold wheat , maize and pork worth £ 450 to the government stores on the island .
" through rafael montinola salas ' fruitful life , he earned many citations , titles and positions .
as producer , he was notably involved in the fruitful partnership with director budd boetticher , actor randolph scott and screenwriter burt kennedy which generated a series of fine westerns between 1957 and 1960 ( the tall t , decision at sundown , buchanan rides alone , ride lonesome , and comanche station ) through a company he created with randolph scott which eventually assumed the name of the ranown pictures corp.
to encourage , positively and practically , the highest standards of serving at the church 's liturgy and so contribute to the whole community 's participation in a more fruitful worship of god .
the consequent improvement in discipline led to a fruitful literary period in the abbey 's history , prominent in which were jakob siberti , tilman of bonn and benedict of munstereifel , but principally prior johannes butzbach ( d. 1526 ) .
elharar also had a long and fruitful artistic relationship with the song writer naomi shemer .
( the negotiations were not fruitful in 1616 , though a decade later charles would marry henri 's daughter henrietta maria of france . )
for example , in e. e. evans - pritchard ’s account , amongst the azande one rubs crocodile teeth on banana plants to make them fruitful , because crocodile teeth are curved ( like bananas ) and grow back if they fall out .
the gael of old regarded stormy weather towards the end of january as prognostic of a fruitful season to follow , or vice versa , as shown in various proverbs .
the work of thomas kuhn was extended by richard rorty ( 1979 , 1989 ) , and this work was to prove fruitful in defining the means and ends of rhetoric in scientific discourse ( jasinski “ intro ” xvi ) .
these developments and contributions can be seen as a natural consequence of the aim of " aeterni patris " to bring faith and reason together in a fruitful dialectic .
moreover , the fruitful collaboration with his chief mechanic and friend sepp schloegl came to an end .
her final but still fruitful years .
after a very fruitful career in the cotton industry , dunavant stepped down as chief executive officer in 2005 to pursue his interests in tennis , fishing , hunting and golf .
