in the so - called mormon fundamentalism movement , a dissident branch of the latter - day saint phenomenon , the more literal interpretation of zion as a specific geographical location is held to more strongly and a more stringent emphasis is placed upon individual and community lifestyle requirements that are considered , by adherents of the fundamentalist movement , to be necessary prerequisites to establishing such a community .
a truly democratic and independent " third way " for the large majority of silent and unrepresented palestinian voters , who favour neither the autocracy and corruption of the governing fatah party , nor the fundamentalism of hamas .
this also failed to move supporters of the fatwa and by mid 2005 rushdie was condemning islamic fundamentalism as a
today , this doctrine is generally accepted within mormon fundamentalism .
according to chautauqua tradition , all religious observance and preaching was nondenominational , but the growing tide of fundamentalism made its influence felt through a number of chautauqua orators as the 20th century progressed .
basically , this wing of the paleo - orthodox movement is a form of fundamentalism , with a more explicitly authoritarian cast than the main portion of the movement .
1 . religious fundamentalism –
using genetic replications of the christ and the antichrist and immediately destroying them , the government has installed severe fundamentalism in the populace , strengthened by the claim that they can communicate with god via machines and enforcing their will with an army of cloned super - soldiers called angels .
within mormon fundamentalism .
for example , the church excommunicates its members who practice polygamy , or who adopt the beliefs and practices of mormon fundamentalism .
widespread fundamentalism and the politicization of science in the united states . "
in the uk , thomas cook started his business in support of adherents to a revival in religious fundamentalism , and pilgrimage similarly became a much easier proposition for french catholics .
one way mormon fundamentalism distinguishes itself from mainstream mormonism is through the practice of plural marriage .
christian fundamentalism in the usa since the 1930s has pursued biblical literalist doctrines of " creationism " as a counter - hypothesis opposing the scientific community , with concepts such as flood geology , creation science and intelligent design proposed as syntheses of christian creation beliefs and scientific method .
" jones ' novels address traditional southern concerns including racial tension , fundamentalism , small towns and loyalty to the confederacy . guilt , pride and the conflict of past and present are also common themes in his writing . "
in 2004 , he proposed " enlightened moderation " as an alternative to islamic fundamentalism .
the pattern of the conflict between fundamentalism and modernism in protestant christianity has parallels in other religious communities , and in its use as a description of these corresponding aspects in otherwise diverse religious movements the term " fundamentalist " has become more than only a term either of self - description or of derogatory contempt .
in january 2008 , liberal mp sophie mirabella launched an attack on fraser , after a speech he gave at melbourne university on " the bush administration ( reversing ) 60 years of progress in establishing a law - based international system " , claiming errors and " either intellectual sloppiness or deliberate dishonesty " , and that he tacitly supports islamic fundamentalism , should have no influence on foreign policy , and that his stance on the war on terror has left him open to caricature as a " frothing - at - the - mouth leftie " .
the pakistan national congress also stood against the growth of islamic fundamentalism in pakistani society , politics and government .
gita sahgal , the writer and journalist on issues of feminism , fundamentalism , and racism , director of prize - winning documentary films , and human rights activist , is her grand - daughter .
buddhism is a varied tradition and aspects include fundamentalism , devotional traditions , supplication to local spirits , and various superstitions .
in " the dawkins delusion ? " christian theologian alister mcgrath and psychologist joanna collicutt mcgrath compare richard dawkins ' " total dogmatic conviction of correctness " to " a religious fundamentalism which refuses to allow its ideas to be examined or challenged . "
l. carl brown in foreign affairs , criticized the book 's emphasis , arguing that the us has also opposed islamic fundamentalism on many occasions , and that the author would have done better to focus on america 's " excessively intrusive , regime - changing approach to the middle east " instead .
in his education , he moved from " premillenarian fundamentalism " to " scientific humanism " and then to liberal christianity .
upper egypt is less developed than the rest of egypt , a fact that may have contributed to that islamic fundamentalism found a shelter there .
they quickly attracted heavy criticism amplified by serbian and croatian propaganda , who considered their presence to be evidence of " violent islamic fundamentalism " at the heart of europe .
the constitution ( suspended since 2003 ) provides for freedom of religion while prohibiting certain forms of religious fundamentalism .
all india democratic youth organization ( aidyo ) was formed on june 26 , 1966 , with the stated purpose of uniting the youth of india to fight all social menaces and atrocities such as superstition , communalism , casteism , regionalism , religious fundamentalism , etc .
keating 's book " catholicism and fundamentalism " was based on a 1988 series that ran for 30 weeks in the wanderer .
the united states is the exception where belief in religious fundamentalism is much more likely to affect attitudes towards evolution than it is for believers in europe .
she has also written on gender , communalism , fundamentalism and media .
graham fuller describes islamic fundamentalism not as distinct from islamism but as a subset , " the most conservative element among islamists . "
he arrived on the scene when islamic fundamentalism was on the rise and the abu sayaf , a violent fundamentalist group of armed adherents , was born .
modernism , fundamentalism , and neo - orthodoxy .
originally titled " the fundamentals of our faith , " the name was changed to avoid the negative connotations that the term " fundamentalism " had gained .
the album packaging is notable for continuing moby 's penchant for including a number of short , self - penned essays exploring ongoing concerns ( veganism , fundamentalism and humanitarianism ) .
according to the publisher , “ hartsock delves into such controversial subjects as the definition of ‘ progressive christians,’ why he feels liberalism is the religion of feelings , and the stigma of fundamentalism . ”
when the interviewer questioned him about islamic fundamentalism representing a world menace , brzezinski said , " nonsense ! "
his academic writing and research has mostly focussed on the study of christianity in contemporary culture , with interests spanning anglicanism , theological education and modern ecclesiology ( including work on fundamentalism and revivalism ) .
some are syncretic , some share similarities with fundamentalism , and many claim they are not influenced by other religions .
" fundamentalism is the belief in absolute religious authority and the demand that this religious authority be legally enforced .
in reviewing ' by alister mcgrath , collins says " addressing the conclusions of " the god delusion " point by point with the devastating insight of a molecular biologist turned theologian , alister mcgrath dismantles the argument that science should lead to atheism , and demonstrates instead that dawkins has abandoned his much - cherished rationality to embrace an embittered manifesto of dogmatic atheist fundamentalism . "
historians such as ira lapidus have concluded that since the 1970s , the islamic world has witnessed a phenomenon called " islamic revival " similar to a christian revival — often associated with islamic fundamentalism , islamism and other forms of re - islamization .
it differed from fundamentalism in its repudiation of separatism and its determination to engage itself in the theological dialogue of the day .
one ex - mormon compared his disaffiliation experience to leaving a cult , while others called it close to overcoming mind control or adjusting to life outside of religious fundamentalism .
according to laqueur , conflicting statements about jews in the qur'an have affected muslim attitudes towards jews to this day , especially during periods of rising islamic fundamentalism .
the ayodhya debate has grown along with a revival of hindu fundamentalism and hindu nationalism .
hexham has lectured in undergraduate and post - graduate programs covering topics such as cults , sects and new religious movements , history of religion , sociology of religion , african history and religions , religion and society in south africa , millenarian movements , theology and politics , christianity and culture , missions and society , religion and ethics , fundamentalism and charismatic religion , methods in the study of religion , and the philosophy of religion .
islamic fundamentalism ( arabic : " usul " , the " fundamentals " ) is a term used to describe religious ideologies seen as advocating a return to the " fundamentals " of islam : the quran and the sunnah .
this leads to the modern period described in part two , “ fundamentalism ” , when there was a growing adoption of a literalist interpretation of scripture in the united states , which eventually gave rise to " the fundamentals " , a series of 12 volumes refuting modern ideas published shortly before and during the world war i , of which 3 million copies were distributed to every pastor , professor and theological student across america by the largesse of oil millionaires .
during the 1950s , however , graham began distancing himself from the older fundamentalism , and in preparation for his 1957 new york crusade , he sought broad ecumenical sponsorship .
as an opponent of darwinian evolutionary theory , shafran is careful to distinguish the jewish perspective from that of christian fundamentalism .
among the media , bryan 's loudest and ultimately most influential critic was h.l. mencken , who reported on the trial in his columns and denounced fundamentalism as irrational , backwards and intolerant .
william bell riley , known as " the grand old man of fundamentalism , " served as pastor of the church for forty - five years ( 1897–1942 ) and another five as pastor emeritus until his death in 1947 .
in this nature , the austrians see market fundamentalism as a logical fallacy , in which the critics of a free market use the conditions produced by a mixed economy as evidence that free markets are prone to economy - wide crashes .
the relationship between barth , liberalism , and fundamentalism goes far beyond the issue of inerrancy , however .
its definition is debated , but it is distinct from islamic fundamentalism and islamism in that neither of those necessarily denote or condone violence .
when the french interior minister charles pasqua opened the mosque in 1992 he warned against the rise of islamic fundamentalism .
otherwise , if the music were any more outright in its references to arabic origins , white french conservatives might identify it with islamic fundamentalism 's grips over north african diasporatic communities living in france and try to censor it and impede the cause it stands for .
instead , he is sharply critical of the villagers ' religious fundamentalism and their lack of patriotism toward the nationalist cause , even as the turkish army under mustafa kemal atatürk is getting closer to realising its goal of achieving total independence .
it is also in this light one shall understand parsons ' statement late in life that the greatest threat to mankind was that of " fundamentalism " in whatever form .
topics covered by these include : turkish politics , relations between turkey and the european union , turkey and terrorism , the cyprus issue , security issues relating to armenia , turkish history , ethnic groups islamic fundamentalism and turkey .
he has made a special study of the worldwide rise of islamic fundamentalism and the phenomenon of terrorism .
while they share with fundamentalism a belief in the inerrancy of the bible , unlike fundamentalists , they accept spiritual gifts .
against this , blond proposes a radical rediscovery of the importance of ethics and core christian values that in articulating a mediated and analogical form of cognition chart an alternative course to the sterile opposition of relativism and fundamentalism .
anarchism and hindu fundamentalism .
morris has called the israel - palestinian conflict a facet of a global clash of civilizations between islamic fundamentalism and the western world , saying , " there is a deep problem in islam .
hasan hanafi reached the same conclusion : " it is difficult to find a more appropriate term than the one recently used in the west , ‘ fundamentalism , ' to cover the meaning of what we name islamic awakening or revival . "
it is a radical message , as far from religious fundamentalism as it is possible to get .
nick cohen noted that the blog was one of few places where it was being pointed out that " a section of the left has allied with religious fundamentalism " .
the most famous publication of amfff was called " neither puppet regime nor fundamentalism , freedom and democracy ! " ( نه رژیم پوشالی نه بنیادگرایی، آزادی و دموکراسی ! ) which was widely distributed across afghanistan in early 80 ’s .
there is a lot that is unique about iranian fundamentalism but it nonetheless must be seen as one of the abrahamic revivalisms of the twentieth century .
she has described the goal of her production company , fundamentalist films , as " putting the ' fun ' back into fundamentalism " .
however , some critics refer to the late hans urs von balthasar , considered one of the greatest theologians of the 20th century , who discussed opus dei in an article entitled " fundamentalism . "
when uzbekistan gained independence in 1991 it was widely believed that muslim fundamentalism would spread across the region .
located in what the seminary website proclaims “ the cradle of fundamentalism ” , the institution authorizes bachelor ’s , master ’s , and doctoral degrees .
in other words , christian fundamentalism and other strict interpretations of the bible are associated with greater fear of death .
according to florida atlantic university communications professor fred fejes , mainstream newspapers and magazines in the 1970s were hesitant to cover the issues of homosexuality or christian fundamentalism in detail .
christian fundamentalism began as a movement in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to reject influences of secular humanism and source criticism in modern christianity .
philosophers were dreaming about a better age without the christian fundamentalism of earlier centuries .
" 1993 : " al mohler was appointed president of southern baptist theological seminary in 1993 and " and hailed as a hero of sbc fundamentalism . "
most notably , atwood critiques modern religious movements , specifically fundamentalist christianity in the united states , with a reference to islamic fundamentalism such as the theocracy founded in iran in 1979 .
maskhadov attempted with only limited success to curb the growth of wahhabism and other fundamentalist muslim groups supported by basayev , producing a split in the chechen separatist movement between islamic fundamentalism and secular nationalists .
boulware , known for his tough stance against unions and his innovative strategies to win over workers , championed the core tenets of modern american conservatism - free - market fundamentalism , anticommunism , lower taxes , and limited government .
cabaret voltaire were also interested in the resurgence of islamic fundamentalism and the u.s. christian right , particularly on the " red mecca " album .
an outspoken critic of islamic fundamentalism , he is a staunch proponent of secularism ( “ la laïcité ” ) in the french enlightenment tradition , as the necessary guarantor of democracy that would reconcile islam with modernity .
during his tenure , it changed affiliations from baptist bible fellowship international , which has fundamentalist sympathies , to the traditional conservative southern baptist convention , and falwell himself ended his self - identification with fundamentalism in favor of evangelicalism .
exemplary figures of islamic fundamentalism who are also termed islamists are sayyid qutb and abul ala mawdudi .
porter is the author of several books , including the controversial " the new puritans : the rise of fundamentalism in the anglican church " .
in reaction to these developments , christian fundamentalism was a movement to reject the radical influences of philosophical humanism , as this was affecting the christian religion .
on the other hand some thinkers reacted to the phenomenon of modernity by developing islamic fundamentalism .
since 2001 , the government of indonesia has co - operated with the u.s. in cracking down on islamic fundamentalism and terrorist groups .
however they also sought to reform fundamentalism from its anti - cultural and anti - intellectual tendencies .
totalitarianism and islamic fundamentalism .
the heavenly mother doctrine is mainly taught by the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints ( lds church ) , the restoration church of jesus christ and branches of mormon fundamentalism , such as the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints .
following the failure of the shah during january 1979 to maintain control of iran , the saudis were forced to deal with the prospect of internal destabilization via islamic fundamentalism , a reality which would quickly be revealed in the seizure of the grand mosque in mecca by wahhabi extremists during november and a shia revolt in al - hasa during december .
the fervent fundamentalism of khomeini put all that at risk ... a clandestine support of iran which ensured the safety of the jewish community in the country and allowed thousands to emigrate ; it also contributed substantially to iran 's successful defence of its borders .
according to its president , dominique sopo , the association was interested in the alter - globalisation movement for a time , but has now distanced itself from it because of its " lack of clearness " with regard to muslim fundamentalism and antisemitism .
in recent articles he has been critical of islamic fundamentalism and extremism .
he is an expert on asian affairs and the author of , a travel narrative about the rise of fundamentalism in indonesia , the world ’s most populous muslim country .
these events not only reflect the clear continuous rejection of the berber identity ( native population of the maghreb north african region ) but also the rising “ islamic fundamentalism
since rawa opposes all forms of religious fundamentalism , it is regarded as a controversial group in afghanistan and pakistan .
he once stated in january 2008 that catholic media " should not become ... instruments of a religious or cultural fundamentalism " .
a rise of jain fundamentalism would endanger no one .
as an example of different views on fundamentalism , one can refer to ruhollah khomeini who is considered as populist , fundamentalist and reformer by various observers .
secondly it was also criticized that the concept of secularism has been misinterpreted only regard to hindu fundamentalism .
critics charge that kent hovind 's creation / evolution presentations are a mix of christian fundamentalism and conspiracy theories .
fundamentalism and the financial markets .
gould also called the claims on " selfish gene " " strict adaptationism " , " ultra - darwinism " , and " darwinian fundamentalism " , describing them as excessively " reductionist " .
as the late nineteenth century evangelical intellectual leaders began to die out , the emerging generation metamorphosed into a culture - denying phenomenon known as protestant fundamentalism .
he is the author of " islamic fundamentalism and the arab political culture " .
he denounces corruption and strongly opposes islamic fundamentalism .
christian fundamentalism began as a movement in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to reject influences of secular humanism and source criticism in modern christianity .
communist thinker bob avakian has argued that islamic fundamentalism is the muslim proletariat leading a communist revolution . "
the term jewish fundamentalism is used to refer to fundamentalist religious beliefs among jews .
he is also editor of the last manuscript of the late professor fazlur rahman malik , " revival and reform in islam : a study of islamic fundamentalism " ( oxford : oneworld , 2000 ) .
regarding u.s. support for islamic fundamentalism , brzezinski said , " what is most important to the history of the world ?
the mission of faith baptist theological seminary is to provide an advanced biblical , theological , and ministerial education at the graduate level with the goal of preparing bible expositors to serve effectively in christian ministry through leadership positions within baptist fundamentalism .
apart from a suspicion of intellectuals , values and beliefs often ascribed to the american south include religious fundamentalism ( i.e. , creationism / intelligent design ) , racialism and xenophobic patriotism .
mormon fundamentalism ( also called fundamentalist mormonism ) is a belief in the validity of selected fundamental aspects of mormonism as taught and practiced in the nineteenth century , particularly during the administration of brigham young , an early president of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints ( lds church ) .
mohamed was a major in the egyptian army 's military intelligence unit , until being discharged for suspected fundamentalism in 1984 .
from antoun 's perspective , he was witnessing the birth of a local strain of fundamentalism . "
suicide terrorism is mainly a response to foreign occupation rather than a product of islamic fundamentalism ...
the term " fundamentalism " was first used in america in the 1920 , to describe " the consciously anti - modernist wing of protestantism " .
his published works include " righteous empire : the protestant experience in america " ( 1970 ) , for which he won the national book award , the encyclopedic five - volume " fundamentalism project " , co - edited with historian r. scott appleby , and the biography , " martin luther " ( 2004 ) .
he was also an outspoken critic of conservative evangelicalism , which he attacked in his 1977 book " fundamentalism " .
goodman describes nakada 's views as chiliastic fundamentalism .
the iran hostage crisis of 1979 - 80 marked a major turning point in the use of the term " fundamentalism " .
the pressures on relationships , parenting and the cost and quality of childcare are without precedent ... neo - liberalism 's core philosophical dilemma is that it has no answer to the relentless march of market fundamentalism into the sanctum of the family itself .
mormon fundamentalism teaches that plural marriage is a requirement for exaltation ( the highest degree of salvation ) , which will allow them to live alongside god in the afterlife .
during the 2002 gujarat riots , he composed songs in protest against fundamentalism .
abdul - malik denied claims that dar al - hijrah is a center of islamic fundamentalism and a center for the promotion of extremist salafism .
they quickly attracted heavy criticism , who considered their presence to be evidence of violent islamic fundamentalism at the heart of europe .
as some authors argue , it has strengthened islamic fundamentalism and , due to its ambiguity created a contradictory and tension filled situation .
this leads to possibilities of fundamentalism , based on the popular reinterpretation of scriptures by radical elements .
a to m : adamic language , animals in the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , angel , authority and the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , blood atonement , celestial kingdom , chosen people , christian eschatology , christian view of marriage , city of zion ( mormonism ) , continuous revelation , ecumenical council , exaltation ( mormonism ) , ex - mormon , excommunication , fast sunday , fast offering , gentile , great and abominable church , great apostasy , holy of holies ( latter day saints ) , homosexuality and the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , israelite , kolob , mormon fundamentalism
he became an active member of a mosque in the toulouse suburbs where he was " initiated to fundamentalism " .
after the war , he returned to edinburgh and became attracted to the philosophy of immanuel kant , and began to question his fundamentalism .
while a bastion of conservatism in many regards , the mosque was opposed to islamic fundamentalism , especially as espoused by the muslim brotherhood , founded in 1928 .
therefore , liberal islam is another variant of islam and an alternative to literal islam , islamic fundamentalism , radical islam , and many others .
fundamentalism and political realism are diplomatically incompatible .
his hymns reflect his rejection of fundamentalism and show his concern with social issues .
it introduces a fully psychological / humanistic approach to spirituality and later addresses specific religious issues including sexual ethics , fundamentalism , and vatican teaching .
in her preface , moghadam writes , " ' globalization - from - above ' has engendered ' globalization - from - below , ' producing a dynamic and transnational women ’s movement that has been confronting neoliberal capitalism and patriarchal fundamentalism " .
to believe today , but for decades the united states was in fact a major patron , indeed in some respects " the " major patron , of earlier incarnations " of islamic fundamentalism .
the series was conservative and critical of higher criticism , but also broad in its approach , and the scholars who contributed articles included several presbyterian moderates who would later be opposed to " fundamentalism " , such as charles r. erdman , sr . and
popular perceptions on islamic fundamentalism .
dale is often critical of many christian churches and denominations , particularly fundamentalism , as they often refer to christian universalist beliefs as heresy .
he is working for communal harmony and initiatives to oppose the rising tide of fundamentalism - fascism in india .
writing from his new home base of beirut in the late 1940s , eddy included in his cia assessment of the region a warning about religious fundamentalism that could grow with the continued us support of the partition idea .
steve is persuaded by judy that he must die , and moreover make it permanent ( in the sense of ceasing to exist rather than returning to heaven ) , so that humanity fights for itself rather than relying on the evils of fundamentalism .
djaout presents readers with a terrifying world of religious fundamentalism comparable to orwell 's 1984 , but substituting a religious ditatorship for a purely political one .
initially operating in the reactionary activities department ( ) ( i.e. , countering religious fundamentalism ) , güney was transferred to the iran station in 1992 .
fundamentalism as a movement arose in the united states , starting among conservative presbyterian academics and theologians at princeton theological seminary in the first decade of the twentieth century .
like many mainstream denominations , between 1913 and 1920 the brethren church suffered from the fundamentalism versus liberalism controversy .
orr was a vocal critic of theological liberalism ( of albrecht ritschl especially ) and helped establish christian fundamentalism .
the novel explores the rise of islamic radical fundamentalism in europe .
despite her background in christian fundamentalism , tammy faye became a gay icon after her parting from ptl , cheerfully appearing even in gay pride marches with such figures as lady bunny and bruce vilanch .
some doctrinal distinctions also exist between mormon fundamentalism and tlc teachings .
with his mentor , dobson also drifted away from fundamentalism toward more mainstream evangelicalism .
according to graham fuller of the rand corporation and a former vice - chairman of the national intelligence council at cia : " united states had no problem with islam or even islamic fundamentalism as such .
he is the author of " islam in revolution : fundamentalism in the arab world " .
from simple robbery , financial and social problems or religious fundamentalism and racism , to outright hatred towards the whole world , the motives cover a broad range , with revenge being maybe the most predominant of them all .
the idea arose from class discussions about the contribution of the " 11 " attacks in new york to islamaphobia , racism , religious intolerance and fundamentalism worldwide , as well as local effects exemplified by the experience of the student imran sheikh : " i suffered from racist taunts and our local mosque was attacked following september 11 and that is when the peace mala all started . "
when the seventy - five - year - old bob jones , sr . decided to draw the line of demarcation between fundamentalism and neo - evangelicalism , rice agreed to chair the resolutions committee at a meeting of fundamentalist leaders in chicago held on december 26 , 1958 .
in france , the imposition of restrictions on public display of religion has been labeled by some as " secular fundamentalism .
a defense of suffering - reduction laws and a discussion of the logical problems of anti - welfarism are featured in sztybel 's article , " animal rights law : fundamentalism versus pragmatism , " and are further explored in sztybel 's blog on his website .
" the battle for god : fundamentalism in judaism , christianity and islam " is a book by best - selling author karen armstrong published in 2000 by knopf / harpercollins which the " new york times " described as " one of the most penetrating , readable , and prescient accounts to date of the rise of the fundamentalist movements in judaism , christianity , and islam " . "
in 2008 massi published " schizophrenic christianity " , which denounced corruption within christian fundamentalism that had resulted in harm , especially to children .
since then , pierson has often been called the “ father of fundamentalism . ”
the government set standards for imams to ensure they have adequate theological qualifications and to prevent fundamentalism from gaining ground .
during the great awakenings interdenominational evangelicalism , pentecostalism and christian fundamentalism emerged , along with new protestant denominations such as adventism , and non - protestant movements such as the restoration movement ( which over time separated into the churches of christ , the churches of christ , and the christian church ( disciples of christ ) ) , the watchtower bible and tract society , commonly referred to as jehovah 's witnesses , and the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints , also commonly referred to as mormonism .
the institution is governed by a board of trustees committed to upholding the tenets of christian fundamentalism .
pakistan is a center of islamic fundamentalism .
malcolm pearson , on becoming leader , built upon farage 's policy review , his fundamental propositions being the introduction of swiss style referenda and direct democracy at local and national levels , and the opposition to islamic fundamentalism .
the program has been criticised for fundamentalism and attempting to indoctrinate children .
the phrase " geometrical fundamentalism " in this book was coined by michael mehaffy and salingaros as a provocative way of expressing the dominance of abstract , monolithic forms of modern architecture .
what is more , majority of muslims consider the islamic fundamentalism as an anti - system element .
when it originated , the southwide baptist fellowship was almost identical in teaching and outlook as the core of independent baptist fundamentalism .
despite his conservative theological beliefs , machen was never able to fully embrace popularist fundamentalism either .
he notes that the 1880s saw the mahdi uprisings , the first time the western world had to face militant islamic fundamentalism ; physicists were beginning to make discoveries that would pave the way to the atomic bomb ; and the growth of both zionism and anti - semitism .
the list promised to fight corruption and nepotism , to demand the dismantling of the israeli west bank barrier , which it terms the " apartheid wall " , and to provide " a truly democratic and independent ' third way ' for the large majority of silent and unrepresented palestinian voters , who favour neither the autocracy and corruption of the governing fatah party , nor the fundamentalism of hamas . "
kaminer acknowledges that there are those who have real problems and receive benefit from groups such as alcoholics anonymous , but she also " picks apart the tenets of the recovery religion - for she sees striking parallels with religious fundamentalism . "
he also restored favourite subject by serbian and croatian propaganda from 1990s about alleged islamic fundamentalism and war crimes of alija izetbegović , the first president of bosnia and herzegovina .
the spectre of islamic fundamentalism also began to rise , as militia leaders sought to use religion as a rallying point for anti - un sentiment .
however the aggressive approach of fundamentalism conflicted with the drawn out approach of traditional brethrenism .
critics suggest that this also demonstrates the futility of trying to inhibit scientific research with reference to any religious fundamentalism .
aïssa khelladi is a journalist , novelist , playwright , and poet who has published books on the rise of islamic fundamentalism , plays , poetry , and several novels , most notably " peurs et mensonges " and " rose d'abime " .
the contrast is amazing . " for us , the living " consists largely of thinly - fictionalized lectures on social credit ( a movement that heinlein later hid his involvement in ) , as well as free love , and criticism of religious fundamentalism .
based in cairo , foda was noted for his critical articles and sharp satires about islamic fundamentalism in egypt .
among positive reviews , joseph stiglitz wrote in " the new york times " that " the shock doctrine " is an " ambitious look at the economic history of the last 50 years and the rise of free - market fundamentalism around the world " ; john gray , reviewing for " the guardian " , describes the book as " both timely and devastating " .
they may be traditionalist catholics or practice a form of catholic beliefs mixed in with elements similar to ( and somewhat ironically , given it was started and is practiced primarily by protestants ) christian fundamentalism .
carmel pak u secondary school ( traditional chinese : 迦密柏雨中學 ; jyutping : gaa1 mat6 paak3 jyu5 zung1 hok6 ) is a christian fundamentalism co - educational secondary school in tai po , hong kong .
on market fundamentalism , even a call for discussing this amounts to demanding ‘ obsolete’ practices of the interventionist state .
dead kennedys frontman jello biafra accused the punk magazine " maximum rocknroll " of " punk fundamentalism " when they refused to advertise alternative tentacles records because they said the records " were n't punk " .
it is opposed to communalism , religious fundamentalism and terrorism in any form or guise .
this was to be an important theme in serbian nationalist rhetoric during the yugoslav wars ; thomas a. emmert , writing in 1993 , commented that since the day of the speech , " serbs have not failed to remind themselves and the world that they are fighting for the very defense of europe against islamic fundamentalism .
this statement warned against islamic fundamentalism , which was alleged to pose a threat to the secular republican nature of the turkish state .
shafran also rejects the literalism of christian fundamentalism .
the perception that sydney anglicans have adopted fundamentalism ( see comments under evangelical distinctives ) has led to assumptions that the diocese gives implicit support for ' right leaning ' politicians in australia .
fundamentalism has emphasized the latter , mainline churches have emphasized the former .
as part of his contribution to challenging the culture of fundamentalism , carnell confronted the issue initially by dealing with the advent of television .
in recent decades the kind of material from rabbinical sources which eisenmenger exploited to attack judaism in general has been often discussed in contextualising certain extremist currents in modern jewish fundamentalism , of the kind observed in religious - political movements like those associated with the lubavitcher rebbe , meir kahane , abraham isaac kook and his son zvi yehuda kook , such as kach and gush emunim .
involvement with mormon fundamentalism .
the uzbek government is not in favor of islamic fundamentalism , and , in 2005 , took active steps to repress it .
global media coverage of increasing numbers of participants in religious fundamentalism and religiously related terrorism obviate the prevalence of such persecutions worldwide .
apart from deriding corruption and government inaction , abdel aziz has stressed his opposition to islamic fundamentalism .
although it is often classified as a sect within the latter day saint movement and mormon fundamentalism that practices plural marriage , the confederate nations of israel is in fact a loosely organized confederation of individuals affiliated from many denominations who may or may not practice polygamy .
the term " fundamentalism " is in part derived from these volumes .
" the dawkins delusion ? " , subtitled " atheist fundamentalism and the denial of the divine " is a book by christian theologian alister mcgrath and psychologist joanna collicutt mcgrath , written as a critical response from a christian perspective to richard dawkins 's book " the god delusion " .
" intolerance of women wearing the hijab ( islamic headcovering ) and political activism by muslims also has been labeled " secular fundamentalism " by some muslims in the united states .
the center gained prominence when it was revealed adam yahiye gadahn , al - qaeda senior operative , cultural interpreter , spokesman , and media adviser , acquired an interest in islamic fundamentalism whilst studying at the center .
to counter islamic fundamentalism as supported by pas , the head of the barisan nasional , datuk seri abdullah badawi , has proposed islam hadhari .
the committee mentioned that he acted compellingly and convincingly in his portrayal of a man caught between tradition and modernity and secularism and fundamentalism .
it is widely feared that persecution of muslims in myanmar could foment islamic fundamentalism in the country .
gita sahgal , the writer and journalist ( on issues of feminism , fundamentalism , and racism ) , film director , and human rights activist made a film for " despatches " , one of british tv ’s main investigative documentary programs , on the subject of ahluwalia 's experience .
the rise of poverty in the country has been correlated with the rise of islamic fundamentalism in many parts of the country .
" fundamentalism " .
etgar lefkovits wrote in 2007 in the jerusalem post that " attempting to stem the tide of rising islamic fundamentalism in europe , a group of british evangelical leaders hosted a conference in london ( jerusalem summit europe ) on sunday seeking to rekindle the faded force of christian zionism in the united kingdom . "
there was no single founder of fundamentalism .
based on the premise that the market is the solution to all the problems of the human race , it is , too , a very religious fundamentalism .
fundamentalism .
tawfik hamid is an egyptian scholar and author opposed to islamic fundamentalism .
his works emphasize the importance of critical thinking , and are critical of islamic fundamentalism .
" fundamentalism " is commonly used as a pejorative term , particularly when combined with other epithets ( as in the phrase " muslim fundamentalists " and " right - wing / left - wing fundamentalists " ) .
most often , mormon fundamentalism represents a break from the form of mormonism practiced by the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints ( lds church ) , and a return to mormon doctrines and practices which adherents believe the lds church has wrongly abandoned , such as plural marriage , the law of consecration , the adam - god theory , blood atonement , the patriarchal priesthood , elements of the mormon endowment ritual , and often the exclusion of blacks from the priesthood .
viewing capitalism as the root cause of these alleged american lusts , west warns , " free - market fundamentalism trivializes the concern for public interest .
he has more recently worked on international problems relating to islamic fundamentalism and terrorism , the subject of his latest novel , " assassins " .
the book discusses the types of avenues religious fundamentalism might go down if technology is sufficiently advanced .
such conflict also stems from the competing ideologies of hindu nationalism versus islamic fundamentalism and islamism ; both are prevalent in parts of the hindu and muslim populations .
geering is a controversial commentator on theological issues and considers christian and muslim fundamentalism to be social evils .
among other positions , he advocated a stronger role for christian values against " postmodern arbitrariness " ( " postmoderne beliebigkeit " ) and islamic fundamentalism .
reform judaism represents a liberal interpretation as against orthodox judaism , and moderate or liberal islam continues to be theologically distinct from islamic fundamentalism , notably its wahabi and deobandi schools .
the tabloid gained tremendous popularity among the youth for its no - holds - barred attack against the corruption , nepotism , superstition and religious fundamentalism which had become widespread in indian politics during the 1970s and early 1980s .
peregrine worsthorne of the sunday telegraph feared that with europe 's growing muslim population , " islamic fundamentalism is rapidly growing into a much bigger threat of violence and intolerance than anything emanating from , say , the fascist national front ; and a threat , moreover , infinitely more difficult to contain since it is virtually impossible to monitor , let alone stamp out ... "
hari has reported from israel , gaza and the west bank , where he was very critical of israeli occupation policies , as well as of hamas and islamic fundamentalism .
fundamentalism .
set in an apocalyptic world in which a giant centipede comes to collect the all of the true rock ‘ n’ roll fans , gerdes’ book is built of text fragments , drawings and songs that deal with themes like hero worship and fundamentalism .
fundamentalism .
arguably all of its products promote and seek to win converts to christian fundamentalism .
the test case of fundamentalism became the topic of his award - winning monograph , " defenders of god :
c ) saffron warriors , channel 4 , uk , 2003 on nazi style hindu fundamentalism in india
bukharan jews also support the central asian governments in their struggle against islamic fundamentalism .
until 1950 there was no entry for " fundamentalism " in the oxford english dictionary ; the derivative " fundamentalist " was added only on its second 1989 edition , with the meaning : " an economic or political doctrinaire " ) , the concept of economic liberalism is not : the ideas were re - born in the 18th century , with the works of adam smith and jean - baptiste say .
these are comparable in some ways to references in the bible , but have also been interpreted as predicting the second world war , the end of the british empire , the end of white rule in south africa and the rise of islamic fundamentalism .
however , the term is also adopted by other adherents of mormonism , including adherents of mormon fundamentalism .
the guardian newspaper attributed the murder of martin o'hagan , a former inmate of the maze prison and a fearless reporter on crime and the paramilitaries , to the revival of religious fundamentalism .
he was included in the show " fundamental " ( addressing religious fundamentalism ) in manchester in 2007 .
the muslim holy text defined the arab and muslim attitude towards jews to this day , especially in the periods when islamic fundamentalism was on the rise .
in freedom house ’s 2008 freedom in the world report , the connection between authoritarianism and the risk of islamist fundamentalism in the middle east is reduplicated . "
anand 's is the most articulate voice in kerala today , which questions the moral premises of politics and most importantly , resists hindu fundamentalism .
he also made a clear distinction between what he called " extremism " and " fundamentalism " : " there may be a handful of extremists here and there , but all the elements serving in various departments of our country are fundamentalists in essence . "
the newspaper has apologised for offending muslims , but maintains it has the right to print the cartoons , saying that islamic fundamentalism can not dictate what danish newspapers are allowed to print .
the modern concept of nationalism was restrained by the traditionalism of fundamentalism .
the initial investigations of sra were performed by anthropologists and sociologists , who failed to find evidence of sra actually occurring ; instead they concluded that sra was a result of rumors and folk legends that were spread by " media hype , christian fundamentalism , mental health and law enforcement professionals and child abuse advocates . "
