when first encountered by europeans , many ecosystems were the result of repeated fires every one to three years , resulting in the replacement of forests with grassland or savanna , or opening up the forest by removing undergrowth .
it contains the 250,000 acres ( 1,012 km² ; 101,215 ha ) carrizo plain national monument , and it is the largest single native grassland remaining in california .
grassland is a hamlet in northern alberta in athabasca county , located on highway 63 , northeast of edmonton .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
primarily found in grassland areas , on the edge of open woodland , or on rocky hillsides , and often makes use of the burrows of other animals for shelter .
its natural habitats are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , swamps , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
stowell meadow supports a nationally rare type of traditionally managed wet neutral grassland .
the heath and grassland habitats at the headland itself support the nationally scarce soft - leaved sedge " carex montana " .
where natural conditions of either grassland or forest ameliorate peak flows , streambeds are stable , possibly rich , with organic matter and exhibit minimal scour .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , and freshwater marshes .
in october 1960 , two station workers named fred vincenti and frank quadrio were opening a fence gate on the millbillillie - jundee track 11 kilometres from wiluna when they witnessed a bright fireball falling into spinifex ( " triodia " ) grassland to the north of their location .
bluebirds are territorial , prefer open grassland with scattered trees and are cavity nesters ( similar to many species of woodpecker ) .
its natural habitats are dry savanna , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , and heavily degraded former forest .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
4.5 ha in size , and contains both woodland and grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , arable land , pastureland , and plantations .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , swamps , and arable land .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , pastureland , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily degraded former forest , and canals and ditches .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , and rocky areas .
langford heathfield comprises a variety of semi - natural habitats which includes neutral marshy grassland and ancient woodland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland ( between 2500 to 4000 meters altitude ) , freshwater lakes , and freshwater marshes .
it is a resident of grassland and open slope habitat , sometimes near vernal pools .
the western hartebeest ( " alcelaphus buselaphus major " ) is an antelope native to the medium to tall grassland plains of benin , burkina faso , cameroon , central african republic , chad , côte d'ivoire , ghana , guinea , guinea - bissau , mali , niger , nigeria , senegal and togo .
the inflorescence can be very small ( as little as 50 mm high ) especially in short grazed grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , arable land , pastureland , and ponds .
the name has also been interpreted as meaning " rich in land , " from " elu- " , " numerous , " and " * etu- " , " terrain , grassland . "
these are coastal sage scrub , chaparral , and annual grassland .
kiowa national grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
however , as farming ate up grassland areas , upland species such as the prairie chicken declined drastically .
it grows in dry , wet , and seasonally moist habitat , from prairie and grassland to marshes .
recent performances include young people ’s concert with the new york philharmonic , tan dun 's concerto for pipa and string orchestra , bun - ching lam ’s pipa concerto " song of the pipa ” , “ sisters of the grassland ” and “ yellow river ” in kentucky , louisiana , massachusetts , pennsylvania .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , swamps , freshwater marshes , pastureland , rural gardens , and urban areas .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and temperate grassland .
the gibson park grassland detectives , 1997
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
it is found in grassland in southernmost south america .
the cliff slopes and tops are characterised by maritime grassland , heath and scrub communities with frequent species rich flushes , particularly on the north coast .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
this is necessary because although the rate of growth has been impressive , many protected areas have been set up in remote , unpopulated or only sparsely populated areas such as mountains , ice - fields and tundra and there are still notable gaps in protected area systems in some forest and grassland ecosystems , in deserts and semi - deserts , in freshwaters and , particularly , in coastal and marine areas .
the two subcommunities of mg5 , characterised by species rich grassland form a belt across the site , but they do not cover the whole site .
it grows in grassland , prairie , marshland , and other habitat .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
it grows in many types of habitat , including grassland and woodlands .
the park is characterized by pine - oak forests and high mountain grassland .
the chalk grassland hosts a rich suite of plants including wild liquorice and horseshoe vetch .
the national forest also administers the crooked river national grassland , which is in jefferson county .
its natural habitats are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , caves , and arable land .
the only canadian site of black - tailed prairie dog is in the mixed grassland prairie ecoregion .
the biotic community of the bradshaws ranges from interior chaparral and montane conifer forest , to plains and desert grassland , and sonoran desert scrub .
pleistocene park ( russian : плейстоценовый парк ) is a nature reserve south of chersky ( ) in the sakha republic in northeastern siberia where an attempt is being made to recreate the northern steppe grassland ecosystem that flourished in the area during the last ice age .
its natural habitat is high - altitude grassland , from the tropical in the north to the sub - antarctic region of tierra del fuego and cape horn in the south .
rubber boas have been known to inhabit a wide variety of habitat types from grassland , meadows and chaparral to deciduous and conifer forests , to high alpine settings .
most species are forest species , although several of the subantarctic species live in open grassland .
there are several discrete types of habitat present , including riparian zone , bluff habitat , thorn bushveld and highveld grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland and swamps .
the great plains are the broad expanse of prairie , steppe and grassland which lie west of the mississippi river and east of the rocky mountains in the united states and canada .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude páramo grassland , and rivers .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland and rocky areas .
it mostly consists of undisturbed rainforest with some grassland .
the units include angelina , davy crockett , sabine , and sam houston national forests , plus caddo and lyndon b. johnson national grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , and pastureland .
vegetation ranges from grassland , having been cleared for agriculture in the decades prior to the reservoir 's construction , to dry forest .
its natural habitats are dry savanna , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , arable land , rural gardens , urban areas , irrigated land , and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
the park is set mostly to open grassland and mixed woodland with many old sweet chestnuts .
in the 1970 ’s , the research focus shifted to an ecosystems approach with the selection of the jornada basin for desert grassland and shrubland sites within the international biological programme ( ibp ) .
it is composed of savannah grassland with well - developed patches of woodland .
it contains estuary with mudflats and salt marsh , lagoons , bog and marsh , varied grassland and woodland habitats along its course .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , and arable land .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland .
the terrain is distinguished by steep valleys , and the forest vegetation ranges from grassland to alpine bamboo to tropical rainforest .
in addition of wooden natural vegetation recovery , there has also been an evident increase of agricultural surfaces ( about 80% ) resulting of the substitution of large grassland areas ( decreased about 70% ) and of pdr - adm land reclamation interventions ( about 12.000 ha ) .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
in the bronze age a small settlement arose on a strip of grassland between the woods in the community ’s south end and the moor in the north .
in addition to the california condor , the bitter creek refuge provides grassland , oak woodland , chaparral , pinion pine / juniper / oak woodland , and riparian and wetland habitat for federally - listed endangered san joaquin kit fox , blunt - nosed leopard lizard , giant kangaroo rat , and species of federal concern such as western spade foot toad , western horned lizard , and tri - colored blackbird .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , freshwater lakes , and pastureland .
by 2008 , volunteers working with the nature conservancy had replanted 300,000 wetland trees , including black walnuts , swamp white oaks , and pecans , and 8,000 pounds of grassland seed .
its natural habitats are mediterranean - type shrubby vegetation , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , rivers , swamps , and pastureland .
this passerine bird is found in dry open grassland , open woodland , scrub and in home gardens in many cities .
the driest area , east of medford , is dominated by oregon white oak and california black oak woodlands , grassland - savanna , ponderosa pine , and coast douglas - fir .
tasmania has extremely diverse vegetation , from the heavily grazed grassland of the dry midlands to the tall evergreen eucalypt forest , alpine heathlands and large areas of cool temperate rainforests and moorlands in the rest of the state .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
from the 1890s onwards the appearance of the area therefore changed significantly , from its previous ' savannah ' grassland to its current heavily - wooded flora .
sheyenne national grassland .
it is found on all types of grassland including lawns , golf - courses and fields .
saren is a grassland planet populated by tribes of creatures called " mandalorian warriors " .
the aston rowant reserve is managed by natural england assisted by the oxford conservation volunteers it offers a nationally important habitat of chalk grassland and juniper scrub with significant areas of hanging beechwood
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , pastureland , rural gardens , and heavily degraded former forest .
uley bury is an important wildlife habitat because of its unimproved limestone grassland , which has been created by centuries of grazing .
sometimes this region is referred to as " guinea " to distinguish it from the grassland - covered sudan , drier sahel and perarid sahara .
its natural habitats are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , intermittent freshwater marshes , and pastureland .
the vast grassland steppes of asia enable merchants to travel immense distances , from the shores of the pacific to africa and deep into europe , without trespassing on agricultural lands and arousing hostility .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , plantations , and heavily degraded former forest .
the site provides documented breeding and/or foraging habitat for numerous grassland birds , including at least one new york state endangered species ( i.e. , short - eared owl ) and five new york state species of special concern ( i.e. , common nighthawk , grasshopper sparrow , vesper sparrow , horned lark , and whip - poor - will ) .
a bushfire ( also known as a wildfire in the usa and canada ) is a fire that occurs in the bush ( collective term for scrub , woodland or grassland of australia , new zealand , new caledonia ) .
the okavango continues through the caprivi strip of namibia into botswana , where it splits into a number of distributaries to form the okavango delta , a large inland delta that becomes a seasonally flooded grassland .
the park was established in 2004 and covers an area of approximately 970 km² of rainforest , bamboo , grassland , swamps , and bogs .
california valley is on the carrizo plain , which is an arid grassland .
still , in keoladeo national park of rajasthan ( india ) around 100 eurasian marsh harriers are observed to roost together each november / december ; they assemble in tall grassland dominated by " desmostachya bipinnata " and vetiver ( " chrysopogon zizanioides " ) , but where this is too disturbed by human activity they will use floating carpets of common water hyacinth ( " eichhornia crassipes " ) instead – the choice of such roost sites may be to give early warning of predators , which will conspicuously rustle through the plants if they try to sneak upon the resting birds .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
" dr. n. d. rathod " , the leading research scientist hailed from amreli . dr. rathod ’s research areas are agriculture , agri - ecology , plant physiology and grassland .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , swamps , freshwater marshes , and intermittent freshwater marches .
balance valley ( plateau / grassland / valley ) - this region has the first georama restriction , there are 4 plateaus and when you place buildings on top of them they will sink under the weight and become lowered .
this grass typically occurs in vernal pools in open grassland on the eastern side of the sacramento and san joaquin valleys .
its natural habitats are temperate forests , temperate grassland , swamps , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , arable land , pastureland , ponds , open excavations , irrigated land , and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
its natural habitats are mediterranean - type shrubby vegetation , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , sandy shores , arable land , and pastureland .
the management of grassland and scrub is important to allow these birds to flourish , although the farmers in the area have not intensified their farming methods , and the agricultural land available has not changed since in all this time , it might be worth noting that the new a46 opened in 1996 removed a substantial amount of natural habitat .
its natural habitats are dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical dry shrubland , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , and pastureland .
a flood - meadow ( or floodmeadow ) is an area of grassland or pasture beside a river , subject to seasonal flooding .
they also occur in unforested grassland , if there exist sufficient crevices in the soil into which they can withdraw during the day .
vegetation includes pine - oak forests and pine - fir forests at higher elevations , with dry scrub pine forests , oak forests , juniper scrub , yucca scrub , halophytic vegetation , and grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , temperate grassland , rivers , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
sir reginald george stapledon ( born northam , devon on september 22 1882 - died in bath , somerset on 16 september 1960 ) was an english grassland scientist and pioneer environmentalist .
the term " steppe belt " may also be applied to some grassland zones in biogeographical zoning of mountains .
it is a mixture of woodland , grassland and limestone pavement .
the habitat comprises mainly acidic grassland and heathland featuring a reduced variety of plants such as western gorse ( ulex gallii ) , heather , fungi — including some fly agaric — and many lichens .
fort pierre national grassland .
it breeds mainly in reedbeds and can also be found in marshes , paddy fields , grassland and scrub where it forages for insects and other invertebrates .
in new zealand species exploit an extremely wide range of open habitats ranging from coastal sand dunes to wetland areas , alpine herbfield , fellfield , greywacke rock scree , tall tussock grassland and banks at forest margins .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
the rough grassland adjacent to the site provides ideal breeding habitat for the cuckoo , meadow pipit , whinchat , and wheatear .
china in 2003 had 123.4 million hectares of cultivated land , 11.1 million hectares of gardens , 234 million hectares of forest land , 263.1 million hectares of grassland , 25.5083 million hectares of land for other agricultural uses , 25.3542 million hectares of land for residential , industrial and mining uses , 2.1 million hectares of land for communication and transportation uses and 3.5653 million hectares of land for water conservancy facilities .
from the still undeveloped and sparsely settled prairie on the outskirts of ante - bellum chicago , he could see nothing but grassland stretching westward to the horizon .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
among the many larger animals inhabiting a shola - grassland mosaic are tigers and leopards , elephants and gaur .
lower parts of the hills are composed of grassland and thicket , while above roughly 1800 metres is dominated by montane forest .
does it prefer mangrove or grassland ?
these herbivores have been displaced in most areas by the cattle grazed by the lozi , but they have provided a large game reserve on the dry grassland to the west , the liuwa plain national park , once the litunga 's hunting grounds , established as a game reserve by lewanika in the 19th century .
this had a major influence on the development of the heath and grassland found today .
the grassland surrounding the spring turned to desert and hippos began starving to death .
alexander selkirk is mostly covered with grassland from 0 to 400 meters , interspersed with wooded ravines " ( quebradas ) " , home to dry forests of " myrceugenia " and " fagara " .
in most cases , there is a slow transition from robust forest to alpine grassland with various stages of dwarf ( or elvin ) forest and shrubland between the two .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
the village is dominated on its southern side by a large hill , the southern slope of which and the quarry at its western end form the uphill cliff site of special scientific interest , notable for its species - rich calcareous grassland .
usually associated with mountain slopes and rocky hillsides , but also montane grassland with patches of bushes and shrubs .
australasian bushlark ( " mirafra javanica " ) , also known by the name horsfield 's bushlark inhabits grassland throughout most of australia and much of southeast asia .
in october , 2009 los altos contracted with acterra to remove non - native plants and revitalize the redwood , oak woodland , riparian and grassland ecosystems by installing native plants , improving soil conditions , and creating habitat for wildlife such as bird houses and native bee boxes .
since 1977 , he has cooperated with the boston symphony orchestra many times under the baton of seiji ozawa , to render " little sisters on the grassland " ( 《草原小姐妹》 , pipa concerto ) , " music at sunset time " ( 《夕阳萧鼓》 , symphonic poem of pipa player and a symphony orchestra ) and other music .
grazing management is the foundation of grassland - based livestock production since it affects both animal and plant health and productivity .
scarcely 13% consists of damp leaves forest , 7% of eucalyptus plantation and 1.5% of grassland .
most of these were planted towards the end of the 19th century as a response to efforts by the epping forest committee to break up what was perceived as a monotonous area of grassland .
it is a perennial matt forming herb , found on grassland , moors , heaths and woods .
typically associated with grassland and savannah habitat , not too far from water ( rivers , streams , marshes ) , sometimes entering the edges of forests .
the environmental setting includes aspen parkland and prairie grassland biomes , with wildlife such as white - tailed deer , red foxen , franklin 's ground squirrels , porcupines , ruffed grouse , harriers , red - tailed hawks , short - eared owls , canada geese , great blue herons , american bitterns , common ducks , mink , muskrats , beavers , coyotes , sprague 's pipits and savannah and vesper sparrows .
it is a part of the puna grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , and plantations .
its natural habitats are temperate grassland and swamps .
it is a mixture of chalk grassland and ancient woodland set among gently rolling hills .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland .
the most important part of the site from a biodiversity conservation perspective is the species - rich unimproved magnesian limestone grassland , which covers just under 4.6 hectares of the site .
it lives at high altitudes on moors and grassland , usually above 3,400 m ( 11,100 ft ) , but can live as low as 2,100 m ( 6,900 ft ) .
surrounded by grassland , meadows and pastures , the town has preserved many of its elegant historic buildings until today and is recognised as one of the architecturally most intact gold towns in victoria .
to the northwest is more grassland , featuring vernal pools in the spring .
it is a plant of the coastal grassland , scrub , and chaparral plant communities of the area , especially in carbonate soils .
they frequent open grassland and cultivation and feed mainly on grain and other seeds , including rice .
grassland and bushes covers most of the area , with a couple of forests in the mountain heights .
the missimer wildflower preserve is a protected grassland in napa county , california .
founded in 1624 , the monte dei paschi was a low - interest , not - for - profit credit institution whose funds were based on local productivity as represented by the natural increase generated by the grazing of sheep on community land ( the " bank of the grassland " of canto xliii ) .
thus many ranchers expanded into the northwest , where there were still large tracts of unsettled grassland .
the southern edge of the island has some natural transition areas of saltmarsh - grassland - scrub .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , and swamps .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , pastureland , and ponds .
he met and married his wife , lola montez askam king in the vanlue community and brought up his family on this farm , which he called " grassland farm " .
ungulates may graze on the plant in grassland areas , such as kenya , though its main uses in africa are medicinal , culinary , and domestic .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland , rivers , intermittent rivers , swamps , intermittent freshwater marshes , and canals and ditches .
the plains , where most of the population lives and the majority of activity takes place , form an expanse of low - lying , flat , and comparatively dry grassland .
painted burrowing frogs inhabit waterholes , dams or pools of watercourses in woodland , grassland , and cleared areas .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
a majority of the above - mentioned species are grassland birds .
hunting is the primary cause of declines across the sahel and west africa , but in eastern and southern africa , conversion of grassland to agriculture is a greater threat .
the lesser nothura ( " nothura minor " ) is a type of tinamou found in lowland dry grassland habitats in subtropical and tropical regions of southeastern south america .
forty percent of this ( 360 ha ) is shingle , 25 percent ( 225 ha ) tidal rivers , mud flats , sand flats , and lagoons , eighteen percent ( 162 ha ) grassland , and fifteen percent ( 135 ha ) salt marsh .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , dry savanna , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , and heavily degraded former forest .
this nematode is considered to be one of the " most pathogenic " of the large strongyles subphylum and is distributed worldwide , wherever there are grassland and temperate environment .
little missouri national grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
this community is found in lowland limestone grassland throughout england and wales .
moldova 's natural habitat is characterized by forest steppes , a temperate - climate habitat type composed of grassland interspersed with areas of woodland or forest .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
the red - legged seriema prefers grassland habitat to any other .
it can be seen in virtually any open or semi - open habitat , including cultivation , gardens , parks , grassland and scrubby second growth or cerrado .
it 's habitat includes lightly wooded swamps , marshes , open woodland and grassland .
precipitation decreases somewhat from west to east ; consequently , groves of trees on the western outskirts largely give way to treeless grassland around the eastern city limit .
its natural habitats are temperate forests , mediterranean - type shrubby vegetation , temperate grassland , sandy shores , arable land , pastureland , plantations , and rural gardens .
its natural habitats are moist savanna , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , intermittent freshwater marshes , pastureland , ponds , and seasonally flooded agricultural land .
its natural habitats are temperate shrubland , temperate grassland , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , and ponds .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
the original marsh had been drained since the 1950s and largely converted to grassland in order to establish small rurul settlements here .
it grows in chaparral , grassland , and other habitat in the hills , generally on serpentine soils .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , and rivers .
consisting of rolling savanna grassland hills and evergreen forests , the preserve varies in elevation from in the northeast to in the southwest .
the shores of chilubi island are lined with villages while the interior consists of patches of wooded grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , plantations , and rural gardens .
the island is uninhabited , and indeed is more or less uninhabitable since there is no source of freshwater , and most of the island is extremely steep and rocky , with only a relatively small area of grassland at the top .
some of the surrounding grounds , consisting of grassland , woodland and a natural foreshore to the river itchen , are maintained by the council as a public open space .
meanwhile the lower slopes are mainly grassland but are also home to conifers , which are rare in africa , the species of conifer found in the drakensberg is podocarpus .
the park is known for its wide variety of terrain , including sandstone formations , deep canyons , palm - lined oases , and grassland .
the land is composed of four drumlins ( pine hill , planter 's hill , and the double drumlins of world 's end proper ) harboring tree groves interspersed with fields attractive to butterflies and grassland - nesting birds , and offers walking paths and views of the boston skyline .
its natural habitats are temperate grassland , rivers , and pastureland .
approximately 70% of the area is grassland and 30% is arable .
this bird breeds in montane grassland , preferring high rainfall , undulating areas .
its natural habitats are temperate forests , temperate shrubland , mediterranean - type shrubby vegetation , temperate grassland , rocky areas , rocky shores , sandy shores , arable land , pastureland , plantations , rural gardens , and urban areas .
the habitat of sand dune and grassland is suited to the pyramidal orchid , the glow worm , the silver - studded blue butterfly , and the skylark .
the wilderness comprises a variety of vegetative zones , from the arid sagebrush zone in the alvord desert , through the western juniper , mountain mahogany , mountain big sagebrush , quaking aspen , subalpine meadow , and subalpine grassland zones , to the snow cover zone .
it is associated with rivers , dams and creeks ( often temporary ) in woodland and grassland .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
it is conceivable that much of the county will eventually revert to its original sparse grassland and prairie conditions of the pre-1880s .
the plan includes : bridges over the estuary ; pedestrian links with newbridge and the village ; parking facilities ; allotments ; look - out towers ; a new park on the old baleally landfill on the north side of the estuary ; picnic areas;and 8 km of woodland and grassland trails .
these and the surrounding wetland , grassland and woods provide an important urban habitat .
its natural habitats are temperate forests , temperate grassland , and rivers .
in north america it is most common on coastal grassland and nearby areas .
vegetation in the oil field area varies from riparian in the immediate vicinity of the salinas river , to grassland , chaparral , and oak woodland in the hills and uplands , although much of the vegetation has been removed in the central area of active operations .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
thirteenth century traveler marco polo recorded that the breeding of horses never succeeded in india due to differing climatic , soil and grassland conditions .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , swamps , freshwater marshes , intermittent freshwater marches , arable land , heavily degraded former forest , ponds , irrigated land , seasonally flooded agricultural land , and canals and ditches .
dry marginal woodland becomes fen grassland , dominated by purple moor - grass , which grades into mixed fenland of reed and sedge beds .
it is particularly noted for its wide and balanced representation of eucalypt habitats from wet and dry sclerophyll , mallee heathlands , as well as localised swamps , wetlands , and grassland .
the lagoon is surrounded by a region containing coconut plantations , open forest , grassland and scrubland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , and rivers .
this small passerine bird is a species found in grassland with some thicker shrubby vegetation or trees , often close to water in bogs or wet clearings .
is a nature reserve incorporating 22 hectares of grassland , mires and reservoirs which was officially opened in 2007 .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , rivers , and intermittent freshwater marshes .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland and rivers .
the plant is a perennial , has rhizomes , and can be found on a wide range of grassland types .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
it is found in subtropical/ tropical lowland dry shrubland and high altitude grassland habitat .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
the snake is found in a variety of habitats , including grassland , great basin desert scrubland , bottoms in the grand canyon , rolling hills and bajadas in pinion - juniper woodland , and pine forests .
there are an additional of erosion drainages which are being converted to grassland or hedgerow habitat , being used as shallow water areas , and of hardwood forests consisting primarily of oak and hickory trees .
in central new south wales where there are large plains of grassland , problems have risen from —
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland .
mollisols form in semi - arid to semi - humid areas , typically under a grassland cover .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical moist montanes , moist savanna , subtropical or tropical high - altitude grassland , and swamps .
it also visits plantations , rural gardens , and occasionally urban areas and grassland .
it is native to california and northern baja california , where it grows in grassland and chaparral habitat .
the park protects the majority of the cypress hills landscape , which consists of three separate elevated blocks of lush forest and fescue grassland surrounded by dry mixed - grass prairie .
the reserve consists of a shallow mesotrophic loch , covering roughly 15% of the total site , with extensive fen ( ) and swamp ( ) 45 - 50% , damp grassland 15% , dry meadow 10% , and birch and willow scrubland 15% .
vegetation may include low forests of southern rata in the more sheltered areas of the aucklands and parts of campbell island as well as tussock grassland , shrubland , herbfield , feldmark and cushion plants .
this is a largely nocturnal and crepuscular species of arid grassland , savanna , and other dry , open habitats .
in the lower part of the area the land use is a mixture of managed grassland and arable farming .
this is a species of mountains ( most typically at about 2000 m altitude , but up to 5000 m ) , and adjacent savannah and grassland .
" stachys sylvatica " , commonly known as hedge woundwort , is a perennial grassland herb growing to 80 cm tall .
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland .
there are three main vegetation types - grassland , woodland and chaparral .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland and intermittent freshwater marshes .
it consists of a grassland clearing in a forestry plantation .
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland , intermittent freshwater marshes , arable land , pastureland , and canals and ditches .
generally speaking , the natural habitat of " m. cheniana " is subtropical or tropical , seasonally wet or flooded , lowland grassland .
