mohawk documentary film - maker danny beaton talked in an interview about " a sacred circle of grassroots spiritual elders in montana called the traditional circle of indian elders and youth . "
after traveling to the in 2007 , to participate in a grassroots election observation mission in manila for the mid - term elections , christoff produced a second photo exhibition documenting urban landscapes and social movements in the philippines .
according to axelrod getting volunteers involved became the legacy of the campaign " this includes drawing on " web 2.0 " technology and viral media to support a grassroots strategy .
regional conferences were called for by the universal house of justice 20 october 2008 to celebrate recent achievements in grassroots community - building and to plan their next steps in organizing in their home areas .
the band 's best known singles to date are " big " , produced by mr. attic of da grassroots , and " o supaman " , produced by agile .
village banks are highly democratic , self - managed , grassroots organizations .
at the same time , " cambios success was also attributed largely to its eclectic political base and its active grassroots campaign .
the shadow spokesman peter walker did not commit himself but instead held a series of regional conferences to ascertain party grassroots opinion .
as a result , prldef had an expanded role in the public policy community , a higher national profile , and an integrated program that effectively united grassroots advocacy , public policy and precedent - setting litigation .
the political party was created by former members of the grassroots party of minnesota , and its official party symbol is a rainbow flag .
it started as a grassroots effort to support locally owned and operated bookshops , many of which have struggled to compete with large bookstore chains and online retailers .
as a tax - exempt 501(c)3 grassroots bicycle advocacy organization , ebbc endeavors to broaden awareness of bicycling with local , regional , and state government agencies and their staff , as well as elected officials , and the general public they represent .
angus presents a 30 minute religious show , grassroots on e - tv , at 6:30am mostly filmed from his own farm .
a grassroots effort was made to collect examples of fan art by distributing paper flyers with contact information about the project at concerts in the jamband scene .
in 2005 a " musicalmentary " about the festival titled grassroots stages was distributed nationally on pbs .
when the council decided to maintain the status quo , a grassroots citizen 's activist group , imagine london , appealed to the ontario municipal board ( omb ) to change the ward composition to 14 wards defined by communities of interest in the city , including a separate ward for the downtown core .
the group felt that with a major - label deal , they were on the brink of superstardom : they had a considerable grassroots following , and a mailing list that had tens of thousands of names and was growing continuously .
the campaign proved to be the world 's first grassroots human rights campaign , in which men and women from different social classes and backgrounds volunteered to end the injustices suffered by others .
the league is a grassroots organization with chapters in all 50 states plus the district of columbia , puerto rico , and the u.s. virgin islands .
enda works " by carrying out , on the basis of grassroots development actions and the struggle of the peoples of the third world , a permanent search for a methodology which will cater for their need and desire for independence . "
in the 1970s , he became the co - founder and chairman of the national committee on the presidency , a grassroots organization which called for the impeachment of richard nixon .
in late 1988 , leaders from several of the main national and grassroots psychiatric survivor groups felt that an independent , human rights coalition focused on problems in the mental health system was needed .
recently , the general assembly produced its ‘ church without walls’ report ( 2001 ) which embodies an ethos of change , and a focus on the grassroots life of the church rather than its institutions .
word - of - mouth marketing , which encompasses a variety of subcategories , including buzz , blog , viral , grassroots , cause influencers and social media marketing , as well as ambassador programs , work with consumer - generated media and more , can be highly valued by product marketers .
she was named to the politicspa list of " pennsylvania 's smartest staffers and operatives , " where she was described as " best gop grassroots campaign organizers . "
subsequent to the 1995 general election , the group founded " grassroots united against reform 's demise " ( guard ) to lobby for the reform party 's participation in provincial politics .
grassroots controlled and directed shack dwellers movements like abahlali basemjondolo in south africa and the homeless workers ' movement ( mtst ) in brazil have strenuously argued against individual titling and for communal and democratic systems of collective land tenure because this offers protection to the poorest and prevents ' downward raiding ' in which richer people displace squatters once their neighborhoods are formalized .
other terms which likewise have more specific associations with advocates or methods include : grassroots democracy , semi - direct democracy , consensus democracy . " see outlines in the articles on democracy and on forms of government . "
on the grassroots level , ncjw sections around the country are involved in a variety of domestic violence prevention programs , including court watch programs , teen dating violence education , and silent witness and clothesline projects .
the combination of these two factors made quinn an effective recruiter , and the freedom party became baroyeca 's dominant political organization during his time there , easily toppling the radical liberal organizations that dominated politics there and whose power was based on the traditional political patronage wielded by the rich land owners , against which quinn mobilized a grassroots movement of poorer peasants .
that success manifested itself in grassroots local movements , who , to varying degrees , took up the cause with local politicians , school boards , parent - teacher groups and even individual legal actions to promote intelligent design in public schools .
the impact of the brisbane lions fall from grace was felt at grassroots level by the sport in brisbane .
since the late 1970s the south bronx has been home to a renewed grassroots art scene .
the michigan farm bureau is a grassroots organization , with its agricultural members meeting once per year to create and vote on policy which guides the direction of the organization for the next year .
the group describes itself as a coalition of concerned business groups , educational institutions , faith groups , grassroots organizations , and individual citizens devoted to " protecting nebraska 's constitution from unnecessary outside attacks " and committed to promoting " equality , fairness , and diversity in the state of nebraska .
her efforts will be supported by local advocates from , which is a grassroots social and economic justice organization that advocates for policies that improve the lives of low - income families .
she earned a best supporting actress nomination for her work in the grassroots hit " fried green tomatoes " ( 1991 ) , and co - starred in " the story lady " ( 1991 telefilm , with daughter tandy cronyn ) , " used people " ( 1992 , as shirley maclaine 's mother ) , " to dance with the white dog " ( 1993 telefilm , with husband hume cronyn ) , " nobody 's fool " ( 1994 ) , and " camilla " ( also 1994 , with cronyn ) .
grassroots fundraising .
one of the 2003 entries in the grassroots motorsports challenge was a storm gsi .
according to the complaint filed in august 2006 in multnomah county circuit court , grassroots paid the students the federal minimum wage of $ 5.15 an hour , instead of oregon 's then - minimum wage of $ 7.05 an hour .
during its grassroots , there are even great stories passed on of shawn marching into the student dining commons , standing up and shouting on the tables- rallying students down to the games , and encouraging them to create a loud and hostile environment for maine 's opponents .
montgomery was among a group of lgbt grassroots anti - violence activists , representing ncavp , invited to washington , d.c. , from 1997 to 2000 , for meetings with senior policy officials at the white house , the office of the attorney general , and the department of justice .
it gathered rocard 's supporters and a part of the " mitterrandist " faction led by jospin , comprising those members with a background in the grassroots of the party and a long history of membership .
the number of foreign companies applying for prospecting licenses was increasing , and projects were at various stages ranging from grassroots exploration to mine development .
in 2003 and 2004 he was the political and grassroots director for russell simmons ' hip hop summit action network , as well as a senior consultant to jay z 's citizen change " voice your choice " campaign .
grassroots targeting is the first firm to create its own software , called gt inaction , so campaigns can do just that .
the montlake community club , an organization of neighborhood residents , has a distinguished history of grassroots activism .
he is a founder of , a grassroots biodiesel cooperative with a mission to " lead the sustainability movement in north carolina . "
fourteen students sued grassroots campaigns inc. for wages they claim the nationwide contractor for the democratic national committee owed them for their local work as canvassers in 2004 for the failed john kerry campaign .
panchayats were functional institutions of grassroots governance in almost every village .
it is both the world ’s largest chinese grassroots news and photography website and the first chinese citizen journalism website .
the florence nightingale declaration campaign , established by nursing leaders throughout the world through the nightingale initiative for global health ( nigh ) , aims to build a global grassroots movement to achieve two united nations resolutions for adoption by the un general assembly of 2008 which will declare : the international year of the nurse–2010 ( the centennial of nightingale 's death ) ; the un decade for a healthy world–2011 to 2020 ( the bicentennial of nightingale 's birth ) . nigh also works to rekindle awareness about the important issues highlighted by florence nightingale , such as preventive medicine and holistic health .
this kind of history and visibility gave rise to the fat acceptance movement which originated in the late 1960s , although its grassroots nature makes it difficult to precisely chart its milestones .
wired magazine noted the significance of the grassroots effort in an article asking whether facebook has given birth to ' open - source politics . '
the robert 's organization developed a statewide structure to conduct an effective grassroots campaign registering thousands of new republican voters .
while sosa denounces the idea of leadership within the appo , stating " ours is a movement of the grassroots , not leaders " , he has become a prominent figure within the oaxaca protests .
the awards highlight the fact that often the most effective and innovative responses to the global epidemic are implemented by small , grassroots community - based organizations .
he is also known to support the grassroots scene in drifting by attending local events in southern california and lending a helping hand to all up and coming california drivers .
the grassroots guitars are manufactured in korea and are equivalent or better than sub-400 series ltds and can be considered a budget line .
a former community organizer , nyhart is a veteran of grassroots issue and electoral coalition politics in connecticut .
these help to give the organisation a grassroots presence in communities around scotland .
under the volcano festival of art & social change is an activist , grassroots gathering held at whey - ah - wichen cates park on the traditional territory of the tsleil - waututh nation in north vancouver , bc every august .
a grassroots analysis of the n word " had a world premiere on june 23 , 2007 , on the documentary channel during the channel 's prime time hours .
in 2008 , a campaign amongst grassroots party members backing him as a successor to hughes , under the slogan ' i pick öpik ' , emerged at the party 's 2008 spring conference in liverpool .
the nature center at shaker lakes , a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to conserving a natural area , connecting people with nature , and inspiring environmental stewardship , was founded in 1966 as the result of a grassroots community effort to preserve the shaker parklands from becoming the route for a new freeway connecting clevelands 's east side to downtown .
a groundswell of grassroots movements have emerged seeking gender equality since the 1980s .
since 1997 , surf has been advocating and fundraising internationally in support of the efforts of grassroots survivors organisations in rwanda , including ibuka ( national umbrella of survivors’ organisations ) , avega ( association of widows of the genocide ) , aocm ( association of orphan - headed households ) , uyisenga n'manzi ( organisation of child survivors with hiv / aids ) and solace ministries ( christian survivors support organisation ) .
in 2008 , paul ran a presidential campaign that attracted a large amount of grassroots support .
he was considering a run for lieutenant governor early on , but later dropped the idea when his campaign failed to gain the grassroots support he was hoping for .
modelled on the government funded australian rural health clubs , and otago 's matagouri club , grassroots was started in response to the lack of rural g.p.s and the lack of support for rural preferential entrance scheme students , with a grant from waikato dhb 's institute of rural health .
adapt has served a critical role in developing grassroots leaders with disabilities .
the framework is applicable for grassroots design and retrofit of water systems and ensures that a desired payback period for design of a water recovery system is satisfied using systematic hierarchical approach for resilient process screening ( sharps ) technique .
of this final competition , one source praised " the much - anticipated meeting marked the conclusion of a tournament that captured the public imagination by combining the raw passion of the gaa grassroots with the glamorous world of celebrity . "
manning recognized the frustration by canada 's right - wing proponents and began discussions towards the launch of a new pan - canadian party , using " united alternative " ( " ua " ) forums to bring grassroots reformers together with tories .
many of the traditional grassroots working - class members of the labour party who have become upset and disillusioned with " new " labour , have left the party and gone on to join political parties such as the socialist party ( england and wales ) , the socialist labour party and even the communist party of great britain - all parties claiming to never neglect the " ordinary british people " .
through grassroots organizing and public appearances , organizers obtained more than 12,000 signatures , and on july 17 , 2008 the measure was qualified for the november ballot .
kitka began as a grassroots group of amateur singers .
the fund provides modest grants to grassroots organizations ( i.e. , those with annual budgets of less than $ 250,000 ) .
in the 2008 formula d series , the most frequent nameplate in the top rankings is pontiac , but at the grassroots level , the nissan 240sx still dominates in popularity .
cjpac mobilizes the grassroots across the country , builds relationships with elected officials – of all political parties – and works for jewish community interests , on a multi - partisan basis , during and between elections .
while otterbein was successfully taken by the government , residents of federal hill and fell 's point organized a very powerful grassroots coalition that succeeded in re - routing the interstate to a more southern route and saving all three neighborhoods .
students and youth were crucial in the grassroots coalition that won this incredible victory .
in this way political , scientific , technological and business expertise and grassroots commitments become an important part of eurosolar 's platform and produce guidelines , proposals and mandates for action .
grassroots and legislative activity .
brown received the physicians recognition award from the american medical association in 1977 , the grassroots health award from the sons of watts california in 1979 , the community leadership award from the dubois academic institute in 1982 , and the naacp 's pacesetter award in 1984 .
tdu is a grassroots organization with chapters from coast to coast in the united states and canada .
in his writings and speeches concerning cuba , gonzalez is particularly critical of the events that followed the cuban revolution of 1959 , comparing cuba to a state - capitalist economy in direct contradiction to grassroots socialism .
all - female , grassroots leagues .
in late october the grassroots foundation followed yetming and joined the cop .
a grassroots campaign from community members led to the deposition of jelinek as the community director .
numerous groups and coalitions , as well as independent grassroots efforts , were organized in over eighty countries worldwide to march in open rallies in support of this initiative .
the national women 's political caucus ( nwpc ) is a national bipartisan grassroots organization in the united states dedicated to recruiting , training , and supporting women who seek elected and appointed offices .
although workarounds have been developed , this has caused no shortage of frustration among newsletter developers , spawning the grassroots , an acid test which grades email clients on their rendering of an acid test , inspired by those of the web standards project , and lobbies developers to improve their products .
the global fund for children is part of the nike grassroots girls initiative , focusing on girls ' education .
in recognition of this , president bill clinton , on signing dshea into law , stated that " after several years of intense efforts , manufacturers , experts in nutrition , and legislators , acting in a conscientious alliance with consumers at the grassroots level , have moved successfully to bring common sense to the treatment of dietary supplements under regulation and law .
some gay republicans also became organized against the initiative on a grassroots level .
people - centered conservation and development ” , “ eco - development ” , “ grassroots conservation ” , community - based natural resource management ( cbnrm ) and community wildlife management ( cwm ) .
in 2004 , iacocca launched join lee now , a national grassroots campaign that was to bring faustman 's research to human clinical trials in 2006 .
meanwhile , a grassroots movement to split the los angeles unified school district ( lausd ) and create new san fernando valley - based school districts became the focal point of the desire to leave the city .
this program is a grassroots awareness campaign for ensuring that the public is aware of current dangerous practices , encouraging policymakers to produce change , and challenging the consumer product safety commission to sharpen its current operations .
in the mid to late 1980s , kurlander spent several years volunteering as a community organizer for grassroots organizations , working in harlem and in many of brooklyn ’s poor communities .
grassroots experimentation then generated an innovation in sounds , artists , techniques and associations with audiences which then are being used in mainstream media .
he was initially a grassroots challenger to the " official slate " candidate customarily supported by the party brass , but the official slate candidate stood down in giambrone 's favour .
east timor women australia ( etwa ) is a grassroots non - government organisation established to support women in east timor .
during her time in parliament , jo vallentine continued her grassroots activism , and marched on the " joint facilities " base pine gap near alice springs .
in late october , a grassroots website called " this november 5 " was launched , requesting pledges for the paul campaign on november 5 , the same day as guy fawkes day .
sarah anderson , with the institute for policy studies , said that many grassroots and community organizations will not have the means to provide initial financing for service projects .
each federal reserve bank has a board of directors , whose members work closely with their reserve bank president to provide grassroots economic information and input on management and monetary policy decisions .
the connection between local grassroots organization and a focused national effort was a critical link behind the " moon - mars blitz " to secure first - year funding for the vision for space exploration initiative , which the sea viewed as a necessary first step for in - depth planning of the exploration program to commence in earnest .
this victory was in part due to a grassroots effort that was undertaken by the campaign and volunteer teams .
as a young man , he was a grassroots volunteer with the presidential campaigns of both jimmy carter and bill clinton .
it is a member of friends of the earth international , the largest grassroots environmental organization in the world .
why is convinced that solutions to hunger and poverty can be found at the grassroots level .
during a special session the florida state legislature gave back a sixteenth of the swat budget- enough to keep it growing on the grassroots level .
he became known for helping organize grassroots fundraising for 2008 united states republican presidential candidate ron paul , congressman from texas by offering to create a hub website after supporters of the candidate decided a " money bomb " would be an effective way to bring in campaign donations .
self - help groups are less bureaucratic and work on a more grassroots level .
ncjw 's stop grassroots network facilitates education and outreach to the jewish community and the general public , as well as advocacy for policy and program changes at all levels of government and community action .
in 1982 , he hitchhiked to the san francisco bay area for a juggling convention , and stayed , where he co - founded san francisco 's grassroots performance art coalition " 848 community space " in his living room , which later became counterpulse .
he said she had taken the party further away from the grassroots , that it had become pragmatic , and that he could not recommend that people vote for the party .
he is a grassroots fighter and master political strategist and the best thing about him is that he uses these abilities for the fighting for the rights of marginalized groups in the society .
eventually , grassroots pressure forced the breakup of the coalition , and the party regained power on its own .
in 1981 , he became party vice - president , commanding strong grassroots support from the malaysian indian community .
since its inception team san jose has worked closely with local bay area groups to cultivate grassroots events .
fans of the show were not only able to experience the film 's message on a personal level , but also invited to take part in its production by acting as extras , contributing musical talents , and participating in grassroots marketing to help bring the director 's vision to its full potential .
while with wafc , jontz built an extremely effective grassroots organizing campaign , which pushed aggressively to protect forests , remove federal subsidies that financed clearcutting , and preserve millions of acres of previously unprotected roadless areas in national forests .
in the ensuing two years , paff was the acknowledged " field general " of the grassroots operation that led dark horse reform candidate carey to be elected to the top office in the ibt .
community emergency preparedness day , publication of grassroots emergency response guide book , community safety and security programme , and community engagement programme .
the intent of the group is to implement art as a form of political , grassroots resistance , and to create a politically conscious population in order to prevent a scenario like the one described in " year zero " .
during their placements , candidates get hands - on experience of grassroots development , and are encouraged to engage in the wider issues of global citizenship and sustainable development .
martin van buren was the first real american politician and was also the first to use grassroots campaigning in his presidential campaign .
before being elected to the board of supervisors , david was a founder and chief operating officer of grassroots enterprise , an online communications technology company .
rather than writing checks to major organizations for thousands of dollars , the djb foundation focused on “ the empowering of small groups [ and ] individual people ” by giving out smaller amounts to individuals and to grassroots organizations .
in 2000 , eve was challenged by crystal peoples , a member of grassroots and the majority leader of the erie county legislature .
in the nearby village of trumansburg , the finger lakes grassroots festival of music and dance is held every third week in july . initiated as a benefit for aids research at the state theater in ithaca by the band donna the buffalo
volvoforlifeawards.com , a grassroots campaign organized by volvo to recognize and reward everyday heroes across america .
the term refers to the grassroots , informal communications networks that are used , primarily in urban african settings , to relay information that is deemed of sufficient interest .
the wraps provided a structure for building cross - watershed to regional , grassroots to multi - agency stakeholder cooperation .
crossfit promotes broad and general overall physical fitness and is " variously portrayed as a fitness company , a grassroots health movement , a nascent sport , a fad , a publishing business and sometimes , disparagingly , a cult . "
class content varies from teaching how to create a campus newsletter to political activism ( i.e. grassroots activism ) to professional training and development ( i.e. broadcast journalism ) .
some grassroots organizations , like the mennonite central committee canada , define restorative justice programs less on who the clientele of the program is , and more on the programs values .
in addition to its international programs , canada basketball oversees programs at amateur and grassroots levels throughout canada .
the federalists argued for a constitutional convention to examine the state 's grievances but was unable to counter the grassroots campaign of the dominion league .
for its grassroots efforts , rightrides has been honored with several awards including a proclamation from the new york city mayor 's office announcing december 12 , 2005 as " rightrides for women 's safety day " , presented by new york city human rights commissioner patricia gatling .
as an advocacy group , hedge funds vs. malaria & pneumonia works to promote and encourage grassroots movements to fight against these deadly diseases .
in 2006 , he came up with the idea of an election time event , which later became the national campaign , a collaborative project primarily organized by the naturist action committee , with support by bfc as well as other grassroots skinnydipping organizations around the country .
in june 2007 , president bush , mccain and others made the strongest push yet for such a bill , the comprehensive immigration reform act of 2007 , but it aroused furious grassroots opposition among talk radio listeners and others as an " amnesty " program , and twice failed to gain cloture in the senate and thus failed .
the lack of adequate infrastructure inhibited new grassroots exploration and remained a major constraint on development of the well - defined iron ore deposit at belinga .
the troops out now coalition ( tonc ) is a united states anti - war organization , which describes itself as " a national grassroots coalition of antiwar activists , trade unionists , solidarity activists and community organizers . "
at a later stage , rcdd also plans to train medical professionals and other doctors at the grassroots not only in the diagnosis of such hereditary diseases but also in the role of human genetics in medical practice .
maryland for responsible enforcement ( mre ) is a not - for - profit grassroots organization which is a bi - partisan collaboration of marylanders opposed to the use of speed cameras .
rabbi gutow is a community organizer and jewish community leader who has mobilized the jewish community and built grassroots coalitions across faith groups to advocate on a broad range of issues including hunger , interfaith relations , judicial independence and the security of israel .
he was chosen due to his " knowledge of the local terrain " , grassroots support , and his willingness " to serve machap constituents " .
the film , about a " grassroots " political campaign , created unwittingly by a newspaper columnist and pursued by a wealthy businessman , became a box office hit and was nominated for an academy award for best original story ( for richard connell and robert presnell sr . ) .
new jewish agenda demonstrated commitment to participatory ( grassroots ) democracy and civil rights for all people , especially those marginalized within the mainstream jewish community .
phillips ' election in 1988 was part of an aggressive grassroots campaign called " clean slate ' 88 " , a conservative effort that was successful in getting five of its six candidates elected .
federal funding for the av was over , and working part - time , walls attempted to downsize in a fashion that could successfully spin off legal services to appalred , the grassroots craftsmen co - op to the commission on religion in appalachia ( cora ) under ben poage , and welfare rights activities to local groups .
grassroots ultimately agreed to settle the case and agreed to pay backpay for all 3 employees nearing $ 18,000.[citation needed ]
military courts are set up at three levels : grassroots ; great military region , services and arms ; and the pla court .
this flood sparked a grassroots movement to pressure the provincial government to fund preventive measures .
three pillars ( grassroots , education , inreach ) .
programs at fi bring grassroots franciscans to the united nations forums in new york and geneva , influencing international human rights standards and bringing witness to human rights violations .
the first plans to transform the area into a park was conceived by local grassroots in 1978 .
global justice is based on student - driven , grassroots campaigns aimed to change the policies of governments and corporations .
the previous loosely organized , grassroots marches and parades were taken over by more organized and less radical elements of the gay community .
work includes grassroots organizing , networking as well as research and information dissemination .
he has supported grassroots tennis development in asia through his stars of the future program in hong kong and the reebok challenge across asia .
due to the popularity of the series and grassroots operations by dedicated " kp " fans , disney announced on november 29 , 2005 , that the show would be renewed for a fourth season , which debuted on disney channel on february 10 , 2007 .
deadheads for obama is also a 350 member grassroots organization founded in february 2007 through barack obama 's website ; one year before the concert of the same namesake .
another criticism is on givology ’s requirements for their partner organizations to have access to technology in order to provide regular updates and communication , but oftentimes , some of the most innovative grassroots work is conducted by organizations lacking these resources .
protesters against the pak mun dam joined with other grassroots activists in 1995 to form the assembly of the poor , a group seeking to promote the involvement of the poor in decision - making processes , and to have their interests taken into account .
it is engaged in dissemination of information , political advocacy , grassroots activism and critical analysis of the palestinian and israeli societies as well as the palestinian - israeli conflict .
protell is a swiss grassroots gun rights advocacy group based in bern , switzerland .
he will be running on a " grassroots leadership " platform as an unaffiliated candidate .
rucker had previously been director of grassroots mobilization for moveon.org political action and moveon.org civic action ( 2003 - 2005 ) .
the n'ko alphabet is increasingly used on a grassroots level for the maninka language .
the group , independent and often on the periphery of the mainstream music industry , continues to rely on grassroots expansion of its music through the diligence of its fanbase , community forums , and web - based music avenues such as jambase.com .
tim mcfeeley ( born 1946 in johnstown , new york ) is the executive director of the center for policy alternatives ( cpa ) , the nation 's leading nonpartisan progressive public policy and leadership development center serving state legislators , state policy organizations and state grassroots leaders .
luis oscar casillas gonzáles known popularly as " el general casillas " ( general casillas ) has become the living symbol of the new progressive party of puerto rico 's grassroots leader and is also known for his active role as a communicator in wapa radio , a pro - npp radio station .
private talks with trades union representatives to build a broader base had failed on union demands and this initiated the inclusion of a much broader left group from the grassroots , including " labour left briefing " and the editor of " tribune " , mark seddon .
cohre engages in extensive training programmes with grassroots groups , ngos , government officials , lawyers and judges .
in 2003 , the egyptian movement for change or simply " kefaya " ( egyptian arabic for " enough ! " ) was founded as a grassroots mobilization of egyptians seeking a return to democracy , a transparent government and greater equality and freedom ; however , it has thus far met with very limited success in reform of the egyptian government .
enthusiastic grassroots proponents began to act on their own , often without the awareness of the movement 's leadership .
the open house is a grassroots activist organization of lesbians , gay men , bisexuals , transgender people and allies .
because of its professional nature and high production values , it has been a frequent target of criticism in an ongoing debate between adherents of professional and grassroots ideals of how street newspapers should work .
she also helped create the women ’s art registry in new york , which became an important alternative , grassroots method of disseminating information about underrecognized female artists .
as models of the kind of grassroots action envisioned in the action plan .
it is only through the creation of this diasporic community that oriental hip hop moves beyond simple appropriation of african - american and german tradition while performing cultural works at a grassroots level
though the cap generated a significant degree of grassroots support , it was opposed by the party establishment ( including party leader bob rae ) and failed .
hill also built up the union 's political action fund , and began its first grassroots member mobilization efforts .
it took nearly twenty years of planning and grassroots fundraising before shaarit haplaytah was ready to build .
the ford campaign was predicting a victory in north carolina , but assessed reagan 's strength in the state simply : helms 's support . whilst ford had the backing of governor james holshouser , the grassroots movement formed in north carolina by ellis and backed by helms delivered an upset victory by 53% to 47% .
the center works on these issues by building the power of grassroots organizations made up of and led by the people most affected by these problems and by assisting in the development of a broad - based social justice movement in south florida .
building a better legal profession ( bblp ) is a national grassroots organization founded by students at stanford law school in january 2007 .
in 2007 , byler volunteered and created youtube videos for the " 121 coalition " a national grassroots organization that helped to pass house resolution 121 , urging the japanese government to acknowledge and apologize for military rape camps ( comfort women ) during wwii .
the grassroots democratic movement ( gdm ) was a nigerian political party that was one of the five state - sanctioned political parties allowed by the government of general sani abacha to participate in state assembly elections held in december 1997 , and in parliamentary elections held in april 1998 .
this grassroots army is matched by a staff of lawyers , policy experts and scientists , who work out of more than 30 offices nationwide .
it connects grassroots work in education , urban resurgence and story .
he led the indo - canadian task force and inspired the formation of grassroots organizations dedicated to preventing gang violence .
she is also involved in the radical middle way project which is a revolutionary grassroots initiative aimed at articulating a relevant mainstream understanding of islam that is dynamic , proactive and relevant to young british muslims .
the act was the result of policy development that included grassroots slum dweller organisations , particularly sparc .
both these activities are largely funded and directed by the discovery institute , from national to grassroots levels .
the organization supports grassroots organizations in india , as well as initiates efforts in various interconnected spheres such as agriculture , energy , education , health , livelihoods , natural resources including land and water , women empowerment and social justice .
douglas bevington is the writer of the newly released book " the rebirth of environmentalism : grassroots activism from the spotted owl to the polar bear " .
generation of youth for christ formerly the general youth conference began as a grassroots christian movement of racially diverse seventh - day adventist young people .
moneybomb ( money bomb , money - bomb , fundraising bomb ) is a neologism coined in 2007 to describe a grassroots fundraising effort over a brief fixed time period , usually to support a candidate for election by dramatically increasing , concentrating , and publicizing fundraising activity during a specific hour or day .
" spare change news " ( scn ) is a street newspaper published in cambridge , massachusetts through the efforts of the homeless empowerment project ( hep ) , a grassroots organization created to help end homelessness .
having honed her passion for public service and activism through integration with urban poor women and workers since her days as a student leader at the university of the philippines , liza is one who never hesitates to bring issues from the grassroots to the frontlines of rallies and picketlines to the halls of congress .
it helped organized grassroots action through use of its " church networking guide " .
this grassroots movement advocates broad social change concepts , the most significant of which is the transition of modern global society from a monetary - based economy to a resource - based economy .
a grassroots co - op effort was created to purchase a lot of webplayers from a liquidator , with over 50 members signing up .
the movement of grassroots democracy is a political party in anguilla .
in september 2007 , the university of the free state conferred the chancellor 's medal on omoseye bolaji , in appreciation of his contributions to grassroots literacy and literature .
based in winnipeg , grassroots expanded to serve alberta , saskatchewan , northern ontario , and in 1985 , the northern united states .
the purpose of nfib was clearly identified as affecting public policy at the state and federal levels through political and grassroots activism and lobbying in an integrated and coordinated manner .
that is why hmn is dedicated to facilitating grassroots community - building throughout the nation , offering moms the opportunity to create local chapters where they can connect and find friendship and resources that are so necessary for successful parenting .
garden - raised bounty ( grub ) is a grassroots non - profit organization based in olympia , washington , dedicated to nourishing a strong community by empowering people and growing good food .
they critique the notion that there could be legitimate leaders , democratically chosen through a formal network of grassroots structures , acting on behalf of a big - tent pluralistic association of global citizens to directly confront the entrenched power of transnational corporations and state governments .
for the australian greens , they are known as " ecological sustainability " , " social and economic justice " , " peace and nonviolence " , and " grassroots democracy " .
equality now 's fgm fund provides financial support to grassroots organizations opposing these practices .
they also claim that any drastic change to grassroots - level government would have adverse effects on social stability .
it helped to establish ties that would lead to a grassroots movement for the decriminalization of homosexuality and other advances in lgbt rights .
love makes a family of connecticut or love makes a family ( connecticut ) , inc. was founded in 1999 as a coalition of organizations and individuals working for equal marriage rights for same - sex couples in connecticut , using community education , grassroots organizing and legislative advocacy and lobbying .
in western massachusetts , a campaign was spearheaded from grassroots organizers in 11 towns .
renew america , though it is a grassroots organization chaired by paul 's competitor alan keyes , nevertheless named lyman its man of the year for 2007 .
the first new right embraced " fusionism " ( classical liberal economics , traditional social values , and an ardent anti - communism ) and coalesced through grassroots organizing in the years preceding the 1964 presidential campaign of barry goldwater .
the afl began a heavily subsidised grassroots participation program and pushed for the number of afl games , including pre - season matches to steadily increase to ready the region for its own side .
see also : anti - racist action ( us ) , anti - fascist action ( uk / europe ) , antifa " anti - racist action is one of the largest grassroots anti - fascist and anti - racist organizations in north america today and counts many anarchists among its members .
he visited his homeland in 2006 and did some work with grassroots football during his stay .
the coosa river basin initiative is a grassroots environmental organization with the mission of informing and empowering citizens so that they may become involved in the process of creating a clean , healthy and economically viable coosa river basin .
the book has sold over 2,000,000 copies and is credited with starting a grassroots movement among women .
sncc recruiters interviewed dozens of potential volunteers , weeding out those with a " john brown complex , " informing others that their job that summer would not be to " save the mississippi negro " but to work with local leadership to develop the grassroots movement .
the grassroots movement concentrated on social issues such as exposing corruption , administration of " waqf " ( trusts ) and organizing community projects .
arizona political blogger , gayle plato - besley , credits the blogging medium as jumpstarting grassroots activism : " my column reaches local activists and concerned citizens .
the legislation does not include those lobbyists whose " activities constitute less than 20 percent of the time engaged in services " , thus failing to regulate grassroots ( small donors ) lobbying .
fern donors during 2006 were : c.s. mott foundation , us ; department for international development , uk ; dg environment of the european commission ; dutch ministry of agriculture , nature and food quality , the netherlands ; dutch ministry of development co - operation , the netherlands ; dutch ministry of environment , the netherlands ; dutch ministry of housing , spatial planning and the environment , the netherlands ; grassroots foundation , germany ; icco interchurch organisation for development cooperation , the netherlands ; natural resources international limited , uk ; netherlands committee for iucn , the netherlands ; oxfam - novib , the netherlands ; sigrid rausing trust , uk ; swedish society for nature conservation , sweden ; and wallace global fund , us .
we are also bringing in grassroots ethnic and community organisations that have not previously been involved .
the colts are a grassroots organization drawing talent from area high schools and local colleges including : allegheny , bethany , california u. of pa , carnegie mellon , duquesne , iup , pitt , robert morris , slippery rock , and washington & jefferson .
david bonior , a former house democratic whip from michigan , was edwards ' campaign manager , bringing strong relationships with organized labor , as well as experience in grassroots campaigning .
ife has always been an open grassroots organisation , with members from various different walks of life .
monk and neagle met in college ; after graduating , neagle worked as a pastor while monk released two solo albums through grassroots music , " i wait " ( 1999 ) and " stars would fall " ( 2003 ) .
the movement strengthened its influence through grassroots activists , intellectual think tanks ( such as american enterprise institute , heritage foundation , hoover foundation , etc ) , and a wide range of media institutions and key media figures ( i.e. national review , rupert murdoch , and rush limbaugh ) .
initial work focused on grassroots organizing , and commissioning professional engineering and economic studies to identify opportunities to expand san diego 's rapid - transit system .
its purpose is to bring together musicians , fans of music , and grassroots political organizations to fight for social justice together .
however , at the last minute , todd tells him that he will punish bob by forcing him to cancel his vacation and give a presentation at the merger of pure vibe and the grassroots alpine soda company at boulder , colorado .
conversely , the policy has also been attacked from the right : commentator herman cain criticized compassionate conservatism as leading to the bush administration 's increased government spending , saying that it " completely betrayed conservative voters and their decades of grassroots activism , " and " alienated the party 's conservative base , " noting bush policies such as the medicare prescription drug , improvement , and modernization act , which increased the size of the medicare program by around $ 500 billion .
grizzly people is a “ grassroots organization , ” concerned with the treatment of bears , that palovak and treadwell started together .
the strength of aitc comes from its grassroots organization and the fact that educators are very much a part of the movement .
eventually , however , the organization became more grassroots in its outlook and membership , and embraced cajun french and other forms of louisiana french .
the temple has also been active in contributing to the grassroots organisations in braddell heights with funds and manpower despite modest resources to this day .
he has emerged as a favorite in these circles due to his willingness to engage grassroots networks .
fire safe councils are grassroots community - based organizations which share the objective of making california 's communities less vulnerable to catastrophic wildfire .
once the provision was made law , opponents would try to repeal it ; the second part of the strategy was for scanlon to create a nationwide database of grassroots supporters who could be called on to send letters and make phone calls to representatives to block any repeal .
feminist response in disability activism ( frida ) is a grassroots non - violent direct action organization led by and for women with disabilities since october 2005 .
from aggressive grassroots education to nationally coordinated protests , sfa provided leadership to a broad and diverse network of young allies , demonstrating the effectiveness and clout of the alliance between florida 's farmworkers and students and youth throughout the u.s.
in 1986 , after the announcement of the law school 's closing , antioch law students and alumni mounted a spirited grassroots campaign and ultimately succeeded in convincing the council of the district of columbia to establish the district of columbia school of law ( dcsl ) .
