the queen was presented with the key to the city on the same visit , after touring the canadian light source synchrotron and greeting thousands of well - wishers on a walkabout at the university of saskatchewan .
gorey 's maternal great - grandmother , helen st. john garvey , was a popular 19th century greeting card writer and artist , from whom he claimed to have inherited his talents .
they perform elaborate greeting rituals at the nest , stretching their bills and necks skywards and gently tapping bills together .
express gifts , the largest company within the findel plc group , is one of the uk 's leading mail order companies selling a wide range of greeting cards , gifts , home and garden items through its studio and ace catalogues .
since the second world war the greeting has fallen out of use due the possibility of it being mistaken for the nazi salute , although no official stance has been taken on the matter by the ioc .
that led to a boycott by the local african american community of all miami tourist and convention facilities until mandela received an official greeting .
reciting the kalima ( muslim creed ) and greeting with peace in the muslims way is a criminal offence for ahmadis in pakistan .
he has an alienating habit of greeting people with back rubs , and commonly addresses his relatives by their relation to him ( for example , gob and michael are greeted with " hey , brother " and oscar is greeted with " hey , uncle - father oscar " ) .
in the mid-2000s css was reorganized into three affiliates : berwick offray ( the world 's largest manufacturer and distributor of decorative ribbons and bows ) ; cleo ( the premier provider of seasonal gift packaging products ) ; and the paper magic group ( a manufacturer of a vast array of seasonal merchandise - ranging from greeting cards to halloween costumes ) .
types of greeting cards .
they also appeared on the tv program tiswas reunited , in which the band got the usual greeting of custard pies and buckets of water whilst playing the song gerdundula .
some hawaiians say that because foreigners did not know or use the honi ( the hawaiian word for " kiss " ) , a polynesian / hawaiian greeting by touching nose - to - nose and inhaling or essentially sharing each other 's breaths , and so the foreigners were described as " breathless . "
after world war ii , the association redefined its mission , concentrating on postal affairs and the promotion of greeting card usage .
the appearance of verne 's lost novel caused a stir among modern critics , who mostly received the book warmly , greeting it as " prescient and plausible " .
barkin would identify herself in a christmas greeting delivered to listeners on season one 's christmas / new year special - episode 34 - ending fan speculation as to whether it was her voice in the introduction .
the same poet composed a " salām "— a poem of greeting to the prophet muhammad , derived from the unorthodox practice of " qiyam " , or standing , during the " mawlid " , or celebration of the birth of the prophet—"mustafā jān - e rahmat " , which , due to being recited on fridays in some urdu speaking mosques throughout the world , is probably the more frequently recited urdu poems of the modern era .
non - traditional library resources such as dime novels , storypapers and nickel weeklies , pulp magazines , fanzines and other amateur publications , comic books and graphic novels , and posters , postcards , greeting cards , mail - order catalogs , and travel brochures , comprise some of the library 's most unusual collections .
naman also means the greeting offered to the supreme power or god .
after the completion of this ceremony , all assemble in the hall called excellence of samsara and nirvana for a formal greeting ceremony .
if it detects any traffic prior to its own greeting ( in violation of rfc 2821 ) it closes the connection .
the camera then faded to show anthony entering tipton 's presence , invariably greeting him with , " you sent for me , sir ? "
he received the national cartoonist society divisional award for greeting cards in 2001 , and a nomination for the same award in 2002 .
today the yellow oval room is used for small receptions and for greeting heads of states immediately before a state dinner .
whenever rafferty 's called someone , his greeting was " hello , hi , howdy ... "
meek erwin trowbridge ( frank mchugh ) finally has enough of his sneering brother - in - law , clarence dobbins ( paul harvey ) , unappreciative boss , greeting card publisher j.g. carver ( guy kibbee ) , and the lack of support of his wife audrey ( carol hughes ) .
this program lets the user create all kinds of pokémon related projects such as calendars or greeting cards .
each chapel contains artistic ceramic plaques bearing the angelic greeting in nearly two hundred ancient and modern languages .
ahoy ( greeting ) .
jack is now faced with a hostile greeting from the locals when they try to prevent him from taking dale back to l.a. and without a gun , jack only has one weapons on his side : a really bad attitude .
the man was dickson ; the little movie , approximately three seconds long , is now referred to as " dickson greeting " .
" how are you ? " i was not effusive , just gave the casual warmth of my nightly greeting from behind the bar . "
the ziyarah of the imāms is also done by the shī‘ah , not only as a means of greeting and saluting their masters who lived long before they were born , but also as a means of seeking nearness to god and more of his blessings ( barakah ) .
the first featured jones walking around the streets of london greeting members of the public , accompanied by his bandmates of the time .
these awards recognize the most outstanding designs published within the industry as judged by a panel of experts from both within and outside the greeting card industry .
predictably , the satirical magazine " private eye " began its regular spoof letter from the vicar of st albion 's parish church ( the rev. a.r.p. blair , m.a. ) with the greeting , " yo ! " .
in january 2008 , symantec reported a drive - by pharming incident directed against a mexican bank in which the dns settings on a customer 's home router was changed after receipt of an e - mail that appeared to be from a legitimate spanish - language greeting card company .
the arabic term " salaam " , literally " peace " from the spoken greeting that accompanies the gesture , refers to a low bow performed while placing the right palm on the forehead .
the common greeting ' howzit ! ' comes from ' how is it ? ' and can be likened to the us ' howdy ' , the australian ' g'day ' , the irish ' howya ? ' or the recent british ' all right ? ' .
he can also be seen , this time greeting queen victoria , in a relief on her statue in george square on the occasion of her visit to the cathedral .
a male human figure standing over 100 feet ( 30 m ) high , it would have stood on a triangle of land bounded by railway lines in the holbeck area of the city , greeting travellers arriving at leeds railway station .
in el salvador 's capital , the phrase became a playful greeting . "
greeting her as " sue ann " , dr. neal corrected him , informing him she was dr. gloria neal , and that he must have her confused with someone else .
horacio comes back to buenos aires only to find that traveler is waiting for him at the docks with his wife , and after greeting him and having lunch , he decides to settle near traveler .
partner leo steiner was the master of ceremonies in the dining room , greeting the many celebrities , such as woody allen , jackie mason , yves montand and henny youngman and taking them to their tables of choice and entertaining the many theater district tourists who came to partake in the festivities .
in 1958 lewenthal took over management of rust craft greeting cards , handling all aaa 's decorative arts lines , while sylvan cole took responsibility for the new york gallery and the fine art market .
it also contains advice on camp security and specific ceremonies for greeting troops , and ends with three case studies of the triumphant returns of emperors : michael iii , basil i and theophilos .
on the day of his death he was greeting visitors in his office after friday prayers when the suicide bomber managed to get inside and detonate himself at around 3 pm .
immediately to the east of this border , travelers notice a unique teal - blue arch that spans the width of the freeway , with a " welcome to ohio " greeting sign above the eastbound lanes .
they also display an unusual habit with their canine friends : the " flat - coat kiss " , where the dogs lick each other 's mouths as a form of greeting .
the queen then read the message of greeting which she had placed in the baton ( 366 days earlier on commonwealth day , march 14 , 2005 ) , declaring the games open .
axé is a ritual greeting used in candomblé and umbanda religions , and means " good vibration . "
chadbourne remarked that it " all goes by very quickly " , and likened it to " a greeting card with some inspired verse scribbled on it ... "
the visitor experience includes a greeting from tillicum village employees costumed in northwest coastal native tribal costume .
with the story splashed all over the papers , kim thinks she 's going to be sacked from the greeting card company .
the role of fraser and the minority press in british literary criticism has been described by ian duncan mackillop he founded a greeting card company bearing his name , the " gordon fraser gallery " , which was located on fitzroy road , primrose hill , london .
the " peace " referred to is called by mujahid " security in which shaytan ( iblis ) can not do any evil or any harm " , while ibn kathir quotes ash - sha'bi as saying that it refers to the angels greeting the people in the mosques throughout the night .
he then smears others with colour as a mark of greeting .
for the tinners in cornwall . - the king to the archbishops , greeting .
$ template = ' " $ greeting , $ name !
in 1937 , austria issued two " christmas greeting stamps " featuring a rose and zodiac signs .
after the macaroni plant went out of business , the facility was used for aircraft parts , a greeting card business , and eventually the building was demolished to provide a new maintenance facility for the growing college .
audrey is ellen 's squeaky - voiced and exceedingly perky neighbor and later co - worker , seen usually in the color pink and whose catchphrase was the enthuasistic greeting " hi , ellen ! " .
he sometimes earned his living as an artist , creating cartoons in the 1950s for bill box 's humorous greeting card company , box cards .
15a ) , together with the following anecdote : joshua ben hananiah was walking one day , when he met ben zoma , who was about to pass him without greeting .
webb can be seen strolling downtown edwardsville on main street , greeting and talking with others , always on foot and with a distinguished carnation on the lapel of his suit coat .
koons ' work , " string of puppies " sculpturally reproduced rogers ' black and white photograph that had appeared on an airport greeting card that koons had bought .
the second showed apparent greeting signs / tourism slogans for people that come into pittsburgh .
dual selection for greeting cards 1995 , lorencita villegas de santos children ’s hospital , bogotá
touching noses is a friendly greeting for cats , while a lowered head is a sign of submission .
they perform elaborate greeting rituals at the nest , stretching their bills and necks skywards and gently tapping bills together .
example 3 : " the king to the sheriff , greeting , we order you to distrain ' f ' , bishop of london , by the lands which he holds in barony in your county , to appear before the justices , etc .
" he affected a popular air by greeting white house guests in homespun attire like a robe and slippers .
instead of saying " dominus vobiscum " ( the lord be with you ) as the opening liturgical greeting , a bishop says " pax vobis " ( peace to you ) .
" ey up " ( often spelt ayup / eyup ) is a greeting thought to be of old norse origin ( se upp ) used widely throughout the north midlands and south yorkshire , and " mi duck " is thought to be derived from a respectful anglo saxon form of address , " duka " ( literally " duke " ) , and is unrelated to waterfowl .
throughout the week , whenever anyone enters the church , he or she kisses the artos , as a means of symbolically greeting the resurrected christ .
the traditions include singing songs and dancing until the sun sets , telling tales , searching to find the magic fern blossom at midnight , jumping over bonfires , greeting the rising midsummer sun and washing the face with a morning dew , young girls float flower wreaths on the water of river or lake .
whether connecting with an octopus arm to arm , embarking on a family boat adventure , greeting a puffin on a private tour , or celebrating a child ’s birthday in a nurturing learning environment , the alaska sealife center is a place where visitors connect with ocean wildlife .
later on glyde arrives at limmrage puting on a friendly face greeting mr. farile and talking ( singing ) like a long - standing friend to marian .
in the irish language , ceád mile fáilte ( pronounced : kay - ed mee - luh foil - cha ) is a popular greeting meaning " a hundred thousand welcomes " .
when greeting each other , a woman and a man have different methods of respect .
maggie was initially acerbic , greeting newcomer victoria winters ( alexandra moltke ) with , " you 're a jerk , " ( maggie was irritated that vicki was working for the collins family ) , but quickly showed herself to be a good , decent person .
murray announces that he has arranged a meeting with a company who are interested in using one of the band 's songs in a musical greeting card .
this greeting became popular in a very short time .
also , during the holiday seasons , the subject of an e - mail of this kind could be named as " christmas greeting " and other holidays .
during wwii , the palladium hosted radio broadcasts featuring betty grable greeting servicemens ' song requests .
she told tam to take the carp home and put it into the well at the back of the house , reciting a special poem / greeting whenever she came to feed it .
giambarba is the author of thirteen books , founded the scrimshaw press and " capearts magazine " , and was , with his wife , fran , a founding partner of arts & flowers , publisher of botanically accurate greeting cards from 1985 through 1996 .
the unique greeting adopted by the regiment as tagda raho was introduced by late maj gen sc barbora who commanded 2 assam regiment in 1960s .
a hongi is a traditional māori greeting in new zealand .
surviving hymns and songs from the old kingdom include the morning greeting hymns to the gods in their respective temples .
the greeting is the only formal way in properly saying hello in the punjabi language .
while itc continues in its traditional businesses of cigarettes , hotels , paperboards , packaging and agri - exports , it is gaining market share in its nascent businesses of packaged foods & confectionery , branded apparel and greeting cards .
to the dismay of critics , franquin once actually drew them naked , with gaston in a state of arousal , on a commercially unavailable greeting card .
the jaradan accept the greeting , heralding the start of successful negotiations .
following the closure of the magazine ( after 13 issues ) , the three worked on other projects in the greeting card division of the same company .
after college , she launched her career as a commercial artist , working as an illustrator and occasional designer for everything from greeting cards and book jackets to newspapers and magazines such as " vogue " and " marie claire " .
the law prohibits the distribution or public use of symbols of unconstitutional groups , in particular , flags , insignia , uniforms , slogans and forms of greeting .
simp - son " , but with the same inflection as the usual greeting .
it is frequently used as a greeting meaning " how are you ? " it is derived from the spanish " ¿ cómo está ? " .
wallace created many greeting cards for pawprints , a family - owned business run by wife marcy .
" mate " is widely used among men ( usually ) in the united kingdom , australia , new zealand , and ireland to address either strangers as a greeting or friends as a term of endearment , or to refer to friends generally .
this can include standing when older people enter a room , always greeting older people before others present ( even if they are better known to the speaker ) , standing when speaking to one ’s elders and serving older people first at a meal table .
it opens in the foyer with " donnerstags gruss " ( thursday 's greeting ) , followed in the theater by three acts : " michaels jugend " ( michael 's youth , in three scenes : " childhood " , " moon - eve " , and " examination " ) , " michaels reise um die erde " ( michael 's journey round the earth ) and " michaels heimkehr " ( michael 's homecoming , in two scenes : " festival " and " vision " ) , followed outside the theater by " donnerstags abschied " ( thursday 's farewell ) .
in the context of hinduism , anjalimudra ( that is , the two handfuls ) , is a hand pose , of greeting and adoration in which both hands are clasped together , and palms are kept touching each other , also clasped together and held near the chest .
the greeting has often several variations and minor uses .
stickers greeting onboard passengers can be found at the front and the rear of the bus .
the christian side hug is a non - sexual greeting where one hangs their arm over the shoulder of the person beside them .
the following day , while greeting the public , leon czolgosz shot the president .
a temple president ’s duties include greeting temple patrons and interviewing recommended temple workers as well as recommending temple workers .
" mirdita " is a region in albania that took its name from the widely used albanian greeting , " good day " .
these include graphic design , logo design , type design , paintings , scholarship , maps , menus , greeting cards , invitations , legal documents , diplomas , cut stone inscriptions , memorial documents , props and moving images for film and television , business cards , and handmade presentations .
in the video game " saints row 2 " , one of the compliments is called " happy days " and mimics fonzie 's thumbs up greeting .
the statue depicts a smiling pollyanna , arms flung wide in greeting .
he walks around the concourse greeting fans before and during the game .
in issue # 41 he was part of a select greeting party involved in the first meeting with the ark 's crew .
usually the greeting and the body of the letter have been pre - written , requiring the person requesting the action to only type or sign their name at the end .
susan instinctively makes up for the insult by kneeling before the nawab and greeting him as a sovereign , even though , as a british subject , she owes him no such honor .
orbach was born in the bronx , the only child of emily ( née olexy ) , a greeting card manufacturer and radio singer , and leon orbach , a restaurant manager and vaudeville performer .
he has done everything from working as a greeting card designer to warner bros. film production illustrator ( 1942 - 1968 ) , from drawing set designs and storyboard for several movies to being a disney inspirational sketch artist ( 1938 - 1941 ) .
when leaving work , the greeting " otsukaresama deshita " " you 're tired " is often used to those leaving , and the person who is leaving often says " osaki ni shitsurei shimasu " " i 'm sorry to leave before you . "
the main methods for spiritual work in the school of the universal white brotherhood are : prayer gatherings , musical and respiratory exercises , reading of the word of master beinsa douno , greeting the sunrise , outings in the mountains , life in brotherhood communities , annual meetings etc .
it is customary , whenever the faithful enter the temple , for them to kiss the artos as a way of greeting the risen christ .
suddenly , the " enterprise " detects sensor scans from the world and receives a friendly greeting .
in 1996 , staake wrote " the complete book of humorous art " , published by north light books , in which he interviewed 20 humorous illustrators , including gary baseman , lou brooks , elwood smith , who described how they create their illustrations for magazines , ads , posters , books , greeting cards and packaging .
his standard greeting to females " what about a spot of adultery ? " was so famous it was mentioned in every biography and obituary ; it gives some idea of his mischievous sense of humour .
while cheek kissing is a common greeting in many cultures , each country has a unique way in which they do so .
mary engelbreit was born in st. louis , missouri and began her career by designing and creating greeting cards .
a spectral figure , maltheus is encountered by jericho in the inner chapel where he has resided ever since he was sealed , initially greeting them with an offer of absolution , but turning hostile when mocked by a derisive comment from jones .
members of the band made appearances at the events , greeting fans and thanking them for coming .
she makes quite a mess of greeting them and ends up getting off on the wrong foot .
when viewers called the number , the voice mail greeting , recorded by jensen ackles was : " this is dean winchester .
it is not uncommon for orthodox christians to compile lists of the greeting as it is used around the world , as an act of orthodox unity across languages and cultures .
there are formulas for greeting someone , saying goodbye , and apologizing to an elder ( elders never have to apologize to younger nidorians ) .
as they two exit the school , an old foreign man approaches with a greeting hand when kagenobu removes his sword and aims it at the foreigner . startling the man ,
the introductory dialogue that generally begins an anaphora opens with a liturgical greeting by the priest ( for instance , " the lord be with you " in the roman rite , or " the grace of our lord jesus christ , and the love of god the father , and the communion of the holy spirit be with you all " in the byzantine rite ) and the response of the congregation or choir .
" acclamation " or " acclamatio " can also signify a kind of ritual greeting and expression of approval in certain social contexts in ancient rome .
since the 19th century , handwritten valentines have largely given way to mass - produced greeting cards .
he is primarily known for greeting and guiding ninigi - no - mikoto , grandson of amaterasu , to earth .
it is simply used as a greeting .
his image is found in every hall of every branch temple he established , and though his physical self is gone , every lecture given by a monk , nun or disciple always starts with greeting the absent master .
they all testified that they did not hear any conversation , but just a few moments after wanderwell 's greeting , they heard a single gunshot .
" bless your heart "-- allen used this phrase constantly ; derived from a traditional southern religious greeting
she has also worked extensively with calligraphy and produces greeting cards for the american muslim community .
in 1999 he participated ( along with president bill clinton and first lady hillary rodham clinton ) in the delegation greeting the late pope john paul ii on his last visit to the united states ..
bows of greeting .
the phrase does not have an explicit meaning per se but can be used as a light - hearted greeting .
renato arrives and shakes riccardo 's hand in greeting .
for the remainder of the week , known as " bright week " , all fasting is prohibited , and the customary paschal greeting is : " christ is risen ! , " to which the response is : " truly he is risen ! "
on 29 october 2006 , " the australian " reported that von einem had been selling hand - painted greeting cards to prison officers for $ 20 each .
" this is better than what you did before , my son , " he said , " but why leave him in these clothes which are a disgrace to us now that we know ourselves the victors ? " greeting him courteously , antigonus treated helenus as an honored guest and sent him back to epirus .
they became successful as one of the first greeting card companies to print their product on recycled paper , and to give their artists recognition by putting their names on the cards .
the maidens sing their ecstatic greeting to the gold , which rouses alberich 's curiosity .
pasta mamas’ " prepare fresh pasta in a quaint storefront kitchen , greeting patrons as they enter the restaurant .
mrs conover earned money to help the family income by drawing pictures of the animals and birds she saw all over their island and selling them to the greeting card companies .
the greeting for " mittwoch " is the electronic part of scene 4 , and the farewell is the electronic music from scene 2 .
variations of the plea for greeting cards sent out on his behalf in 1989 are still being distributed through the internet , making the plea one of the most persistent urban legends .
he was well known for his greeting of " shake the hand that bowled bradman " .
the odd camp greeting .
the main market takes place in the with usual stalls consisting of groceries and greeting cards etc .
as with all prosimian primates , olfactory communication is used extensively by ruffed lemurs – scent marking in territorial defense and disputes , as well as female greeting displays .
for this reason , although technically the feast of pascha begins at the vesperal liturgy , the paschal greeting is not exchanged , nor do the faithful break their fast until after the paschal vigil .
sutch criticised tatchell 's preference for press conferences and press releases rather than traditional meeting - and - greeting , which was generally regarded as the best way to win hearts and minds at a by - election .
when welcoming guests ( or perhaps liquidators or other officials in particular ) into his home , a ferengi male will recite a traditional greeting : " welcome to our home .
hello’ , he is greeting another person ) .
malik was vehemently opposed to any forms of bid'ah and even directed others not to extend the islamic greeting of salam to the people of bidah , stating , " how evil are the people of innuendo , we do not give them felicitations . "
" z partyjnym pozdrowieniem . 12 hitów w stylu lambada hardcore " - ( english " with a party greeting .
many take part in long - standing campus traditions — wearing jacket and tie to football games , greeting everyone they meet on campus , and active campus involvement , to name a few .
he suddenly sees himself back in his old cell at fox river , with charles westmoreland greeting him .
the reason given for this was that both forrester and joel had worked at gizmonic , where it is common to show off your latest invention to a colleague as a form of greeting .
hand - sniff greeting .
in the episode " filthy pictures " , bailey uses andy 's obvious discomfort at being asked to pose in a bathing suit ( for a charity photoshoot ) to gently mock male chauvinist attitudes , greeting him with " hey , baby " and calling him " beefcake " .
the anaktoron , the building for greeting the " myèsis " is located north of the arsinoé rotunda , though the version currently visible dates to the imperial era .
however just as he 's about to override her to protect their data , the entrance in the freezer opens and to the astonishment of the team morgan struts out , greeting sarah as " agent walker " as chuck emerges behind him .
it is used as a sign of respect and a greeting in india and amongst yoga practitioners and adherents of similar traditions .
it satirises the cynicism which lay at the heart of the molotov - ribbentrop pact , depicting hitler and soviet dictator joseph stalin bowing politely before each other after their joint invasion of poland , but nevertheless greeting each other respectively as " the scum of the earth " and " the bloody assassin of the workers " .
they have certain specific duties , such as greeting new students arriving at astraea hill , participating in important school events , and serving as mediator between disputes in student council meetings of the three schools , among others .
the greeting found its way into fairy tales , including classics like " sleeping beauty " .
ethologists such as irenäus eibl - eibesfeldt have argued that facial gestures such as smiling , grimacing , and the " eye - brow flash " on greeting are universal human communicative signals that can be related to corresponding signals in other primates .
the roman salute was a mandatory greeting .
captain picard has counselor deanna troi do the honors of greeting beata , the planet 's leader , to explain their presence .
while greeting customs are highly culture- and situation - specific and may change within a culture depending on social status and relationship , they exist in all known human cultures .
" a spiritual greeting " .
in latin america , cheek kissing is a universal form of greeting between a man and a woman or two women .
all of the nazi leaders ( hitler , heb , goring , goebbels and von schirach ) were represented by at least one figure with a movable right arm that could be raised and positioned in the " german greeting " ( aka the " heil hitler ! " salute ) .
telling a joke , passing the time in conversation and greeting old friends are some examples , and poetry is another .
a few products ( plastic figurines , some greeting cards , and a coloring
a tail held high is a sign of happiness , or can be used as a greeting towards humans or other cats ( usually close relatives ) while half - raised shows less pleasure , and unhappiness is indicated with a tail held low .
thai greeting .
he would stick his hand out of the basket and fire a pistol and then a moment later greeting the audience by saying , “ hello ” from the main entrance .
today , wildman and son karl operate their own advertising agency , producing computer animation , greeting cards , and a wide variety of products .
after greeting the prisoners ' spokesman , tom zarek , the prisoners break out of their cells and manage to hijack the ship .
the title is the common chinese greeting , " ni hao , " meaning literally “ are you well ? ” , and is equivalent to “ hello ” or “ how are you . ”
from speaking and singing , to greeting and welcoming , it ’s all done by the youth for the youth and others young at heart .
to show hospitality , a host traditionally presents an offering of bread and salt when greeting a guest or visitor .
it markets spic macay greeting cards , t - shirts , etc .
siadwel was a welsh poet who would appear every week , sitting in his bedsit wearing an anorak and thick - rimmed glasses , and greeting viewers with the line " hello , siadwel here " .
april a. severin is the author of seven chapbooks , and three greeting cards .
over the years , willum and rick had exchanged occasional letters and greeting cards , though they never met .
the answer to this greeting is typically " in sæcula ! amen " ( " forever ! amen " ) or " ( nunc et ) in aeternum ! amen " ( " ( now and ) forever ! amen " ) .
also used as an expression of agreement or as a greeting .
when greeting someone you know , it is common to begin with the word " o " , followed by the person 's first name : " ō , babiker " or " ō , kēf ya babiker " .
he is currently living in belleville where he can frequently be seen walking his dog ( a boxer ) and offering a friendly greeting to any who recognize him .
in september 2007 , he provided a video greeting for nasa 's cassini probe 's flyby of iapetus ( which plays an important role in ' ) .
while free greeting cards are still the most prevalent and popular , some sites charge for either all e - cards or special premium e - cards .
miss pennywinkle 's garden is used for special occasions like greeting ceremonies .
for his actions , the phrase " en taro adun " is used by the protoss as a greeting and a war cry .
there are also two jewelers , two greeting card stores , an early learning centre , american - owned sally beauty supply , jessops , a klick photopoint store , a frozen foods store , a privately owned locksmith and a nearby wilkinson store .
a trained singer herself , shore would usually sing at least one song each program , either greeting the television viewing audience or saying goodbye to them at the end .
gainesville 's black community took in many of rosewood 's refugees , waiting for them at the train station and greeting survivors as they disembarked , covered in sheets .
after the accession of alfonso vii , pedro joined his brother and the rest of the leonese nobility in greeting the king and paying him homage in the capital city of león only after the king had taken it from the rebellious supporters of the lara brothers pedro and rodrigo gonzález .
also , in 1509 , leonardo da vinci created a wind - up lion as a greeting for louis xii in italy .
on the left hand side is a depiction of hernán cortés greeting the arrival of the first twelve franciscan monks to arrive to tenochtitlan - mexico city .
around 50% of unicef ’s budget in brazil is obtained from the support of companies and individuals through donations , the purchase of unicef greeting cards and gifts , and other related actions .
following this , lich took black mage 's place as the king of hell and has since been seen greeting the other three fiends there after their defeats .
certain terms are used by the people nation alliance such as " all is well " when greeting each other .
on september 6 , 2007 , paris hilton filed an injunction lawsuit against hallmark cards inc. in u.s. district court over the unlawful use of her picture and catchphrase " that 's hot " on a greeting card .
for example , the photographer may sell the use of one photograph to different companies for use on calendars , cereal boxes , magazines , greeting cards , or many other products , in many countries .
the " greeting - gifts " were " peace - offerings " between the rulers , and were a function of intrigues , and country / political relationships , or regional ' country'/kingdom relationships .
there were foodini comic books from holyoke publishing , as well as records , greeting cards , toys , and magic sets .
for example , nearly every sermon began with the greeting and exhortation , " peace ! "
once inside , ratliff received a pleasant greeting of " hello , santa , " from the cashier .
for example , according to ibisworld , a publisher of business research , americans will spend approximately $ 2.6 billion on flowers , $ 1.53 billion on pampering gifts — like spa treatments — and another $ 68 million on greeting cards .
his greeting toward frodo was gruff , but he seemed interested and suspicious when he learned that the hobbits came from the shire .
in another , they tackle the problem of how to convey a greeting without it disappearing in transit .
among the items produced to tie - in with the movie in america were an official magazine ( by topps ) , several small plastic toys , a bendy rocketeer , a set of greeting cards , several activity books and school folders , watches , a 3-d comic with glasses and cassette tape , a childrens ' rocketeer helmet in soft gold - coloured material , paper party plates , various little figures and helmets filled with candy or gum ( sold in sweet shops and filling stations ) , a nintendo computer game and a trading card / stickers set .
the traditions include singing songs and dancing until the sun sets , telling tales , searching to find the magic fern blossom at midnight , jumping over bonfires , greeting the rising midsummer sun and washing the face with a morning dew , young girls float flower wreaths on the water of river or lake .
however , even though the marburg speech turned out to be a success - as the american ambassador to berlin william dodd noted in those days the provocative greeting " heil marburg " was omnipresent in germany - the plan by bose , jung and tschirschky did not come to fruition : the tentative attitude of von papen , who could not bring himself to travel to hindenburg immediately after the success of the speech became obvious , and the clumsiness of hindenburg 's son - who undexterously spilled the beans about the bose - tschirschky plan to army minister von blomberg and his chief of staff von reichenau , who was in league with heinrich himmler and reinhard heydrich - squandered the opportunity of the situation .
they hail each other , and the earl 's proud greeting causes the emperor 's son to ask for ships to go against him .
this includes retail and wholesale sales of original paintings , prints , games , greeting cards , books and other quality products which carry her name .
a puffing snort is a common greeting when males and females encounter one another .
visitors can access information on programs as well as audio - video entertainment and sports news , info on upcoming events , on - line video broadcasts , on - line chat rooms , a greeting card service , program schedules and message boards .
watch tower publications define such individuals as being " more reprehensible than those in the world " and direct that they are to be shunned by other witnesses , including close relatives , with no social or religious contact and no greeting given .
in a warmth of cross - cultural friendship and understanding , the tyroleans encourage the aristocrats of the court to dance with them at the union of adam and christ'l while adam extends to his new neighbors a warm greeting in his own tyrolean dialect .
the crew on board the " iason " sent a non - verbal , wide - band greeting to the vessel , repeating it for twenty minutes with no response from the vessel .
additionally , although some customs may be seen as odd or even offensive by people not from the south , they are considered polite in local culture and usually meant as an expression of traditional warm greeting .
worshiper and worshiped are identified in seals , rings and votive figures through their gestures : worshipers fold their arms , or raise the right arm in greeting , or place a hand on the forehead .
she had attended bradford art college since the age of 13 and also found work in a photographic lab and a greeting card factory during world war i.
their daughter lorraine , was born in 1959 , and spiro started a wholesale greeting cards business , where he wrote the verses for the cards he sold .
the ad features clips from several notable films and television shows over the last seventy years , showing iconic characters answering telephones and saying " hello " or a similar greeting .
as a result irish president , mary mcaleese , had to walk across the uncovered grass to shake hands with the irish team after greeting the english players .
he transforms into his first attack form and levels everything on the rooftop immediately after greeting grave .
creators often use rahowa ! as a salutation when meeting and greeting .
the recording was released in the uk and sold as a 7 inch vinyl single and greeting 's card for mother ’s day in 1992 under the coverhit label , eventually featuring trouble himself as dougie damone .
dogs often sniff each other 's butts simultaneously , and this is the clearest indication of what some in the field believe to be a greeting ritual .
oxnam went about his business at the asia society , meeting and greeting the dalai lama and other dignitaries , and giving no hint of his private problems .
a former pupil of mine is at the head of a flourishing school patronized by the hamaguchi family ; and having accepted his invitation , in the name of the entire region , to visit them and speak to the school and to the teachers of the prefecture , the cordial greeting , hospitable entertainment , and the surpassingly beautiful scenery , afforded a rich reward for the three or four days of time required .
according to the autobiography of fellow composer miklós rózsa , waxman conducted a performance of stravinsky 's work " greeting prelude " ( based on the song " happy birthday " ) .
at this point depending on the pleasure or custom of the visiting head of state , they may greet the public by shaking hands , or simply walk by greeting with a nod or wave .
inara enters the dining area behind him and startles him with her greeting .
rumphi is noted for the kindness of the people ( it 's even rude to pass by someone without greeting them ) .
sabre has taken over the branches of dunder mifflin and gabe lewis ( zach woods ) , the coordinating director for emerging regions from sabre , is going around greeting the branches .
tribbiera ) or threshing songs ) ; songs of mule - drivers ; chjam ' è rispondi ( ‘ call and response’ ) ; the currente ( e.g. greeting guests ; these have a distinctive fiddle accompaniment ) and the cuntrastu ( an exchange between a young man and woman ) .
as a player , robson endorsed products by adidas , and later new balance football boots , as well as owning a stake in the birthdays greeting card chain .
lennon , whose birthday was october 9 , later told dick cavett that her taped greeting arrived at his home after her death .
it is the official greeting of texas a&m university .
