a grinder is often a player who has limited offensive skills , but is valuable to a hockey team due to their physical forechecking skills especially along the boards ; for " grinding along the boards " .
in august 1999 dr. farwell conducted a brain fingerprinting test on grinder , showing that information stored in his brain matched the details of the murder of julie helton ( dalbey 1999 ) .
a ball mill is a type of grinder used to grind materials into extremely fine powder for use in mineral dressing processes , paints , pyrotechnics , and ceramics .
items that perform the same function as small appliances but are hand powered are generally referred to as tools or gadgets , for example a hand - powered meat grinder .
the most important factors in choosing the right grinder are the disc size and how powerful the motor is .
they have very little in common with the calling of the organ grinder of yore .
grissom and catherine investigate when the chef of a fancy restaurant ends up in a meat grinder .
after receiving his ph.d. , grinder took a full - time assistant professor position at the university of california , santa cruz ( ucsc ) linguistics faculty .
removing the remaining gate material , called a gate stub , is usually done using a grinder or sanding .
if a troddler ventures onto the sharp and rotating edge of a grinder , it will disintegrate into countless pieces .
other less fatty meats ( such as beef ) tend to turn into a paste in the food processor , so if the meat is not already ground , the cook grinds it using a hand or electric grinder .
his brother pasias , a painter of some distinction , was a pupil of erigonus , who had been color - grinder to the artist nealces .
textbooks and encyclopedias often depict spinoza as a solitary soul who eked out a living as a lens grinder ; in reality , he had many friends but kept his needs to a minimum .
midnight , a big black cat , would sometimes operate an organ grinder .
these volumes also focused on the language patterns and some non - verbal patterns that bandler and grinder believed they observed in erickson .
both the dec. 5th issue of the hartford courant and the jan. 19th and 23rd issues of the brooklyn daily eagle described " francisco mele " as a one - armed organ grinder and morello as a " padrone . "
grinder 's switch is a community just outside of centerville that consisted of little more than a railroad switch .
feed grinder .
the meta model was the first model presented by bandler and grinder in 1975 based on fritz perls and virginia satir together with some language categories from transformation syntax .
it would seem , from the model of the " soul grinder " , that the daemon controlling a daemon engine can sometimes break free .
the name derives from a stock character in african - american oral traditions , " joe the grinder , " who is also prominent in merle haggard 's song " the old man of the mountain . "
the resulting charcoal is then run through a grinder to reduce it to consistent bean - size pellets .
the joining operation is performed by an aluminothermic welding machine which is equipped with a rail saw , a weld shear and a grinder .
a bench grinder is a type of benchtop grinding machine used to drive abrasive wheels .
chicks are generally killed through maceration , by putting the non - anesthetized chicks through a grinder .
to prevent this , grinder pumps that use floats are often hosed down to remove the grease from the floats .
a high speed impeller pulverizes materials like a grinder .
in a parody of his duties for mrs. lovett , as he turns the crank he repeats her instructions aloud to him of ; " three times through the meat grinder " .
as early as november 1899 , even before the company had been incorporated , abe zimmerman 's blacksmith shop had been advertising a feed grinder of his own design .
pakorn bingoed edacious , grinder and valeting while adam could only manage one ( stature ) until he ended the game with a rare triple - triple twistier , which clinched it for him as pakorn ran out of time .
the organ grinder was a musical novelty street performer of the 19th century and the early part of the 20th century , and refers to the operator of a street organ .
in materials processing a grinder is a machine for producing fine particle size reduction through attrition and compressive forces at the grain size level .
in a traditional provençal créche , the " santons " represent various characters from provençal village life such as the scissors grinder , the fishwife , and the chestnut seller .
global recommends sharpening with a whetstone or ceramic tool rather than an electrical grinder .
grinder and bandler recognize the efforts and contributions of each other in the creation and initial development of nlp . "
in the 1980s bandler , grinder and their group of associates split acrimoniously , and stopped working together .
jet makes the granite grinder jump over to the monsters and ejects the energy crystals to distract them .
there are three basics ways in which an operator can interact with a cylindrical grinder .
s. brent plate of " religion dispatches " said that " avatar " " begs , borrows , and steals from a variety of longstanding human stories , puts them through the grinder , and comes up with something new . "
bandler and grinder began hosting seminars and practice groups .
lewis county is named for explorer meriwether lewis who died and was buried at grinder 's stand in 1809 .
the “ so’o josopy ” it ’s prepared this way : crushing in the mortar the meat and rice or being chopped in the grinder until having formed a paste .
dust removal blower will generate negative pressure at the inlet and outlet of the grinder to prevent dust and radiating the heat in the machine .
the same term is also known as " first access " ( john grinder ) , or " primary experience " ( freud ) .
the advantages when cutting large sections are obvious - an oxy - fuel torch is light , small and quiet and needs very little effort to use , whereas a cut - off grinder is heavy and noisy and needs considerable operator exertion and may vibrate severely , leading to stiff hands and possible long - term repetitive strain injury .
pearl 's comic material derived heavily from her hometown of centerville , which in her act she called grinder 's switch .
two rust slab reheat furnaces were installed to handle stainless steel , as well as the massive grinder and slab unpilers .
distinguished graduates from the early days of kresge college include doug foster , who went on to become editor of mother jones magazine , and richard bandler , who co - founded neuro - linguistic programming ( nlp ) with john grinder .
grinder ( band ) .
in 1972 , while at ucsc , grinder was approached by an undergraduate psychology student , richard bandler , who requested his assistance to model gestalt therapy .
mr. grinder arrives looking for carboy and lætitia , but the no one will help him .
either manual manipulation of the machine , numerical control with a punch card system or using computer numerical control using a pre existing interface designed for that machine or by using a pc as an interface to communicate with the grinder .
the granite grinder set is one of the medium - sized sets .
gruber 's grinder a mountain bike trail in holly , michigan , united states .
the organ grinder : " to the children "
not only did many of the experimenters misunderstand what claims had originally been made about prss , they also overlooked the fact that bandler and grinder themselves had downgraded the importance they assigned to prss as early as the late 1970s .
this was a small , portable , mechanical calculator that was about the size of a pepper grinder .
an old organ grinder , gorman , is having a fight with his equally dilapidated barrel organ .
the surface grinder is composed of an abrasive wheel , a workholding device known as a chuck , and a reciprocating table .
in the story of doctor dolittle , chee - chee ran away from an organ - grinder and came to live with the doctor .
a counter example is offered by john grinder who argued in retrospect that the meta - model , for example , drew from his expertise in transformational grammar and empirical work in collaboration with bandler between 1973 and 1975 .
a 100 mm angle grinder is used for short , sometimes curved cuts .
the annual grinder 's switch music & arts festival is held on the square in centerville in september .
in the midst of this , the band were recording an album at music grinder studios , in the city 's east part of hollywood during the 1992 los angeles riots .
blackhawk manufacturing was founded in 1919 in milwaukee , wisconsin as a subsidiary of the american grinder company ( later named applied power corporation ) .
the album was recorded at dogghouse studio , music grinder & skip saylor recording , hollywood , california .
they can be dug out , shredded with a stump grinder or burnt .
during this time he created paintings depicting scenes from european street life , such as the " vendor of statuettes " , the " savoyard " , the " organ - grinder in paris " , the " musicians and the bystanders " , and the " paris ragpickers " .
if calling a plumber , ask if they have been trained to repair the specific grinder pump in question .
he has been playing poker for several years , starting off life as an stt grinder on ladbrokes poker before developing into one of the uk ’s most formidable online players under the alias ‘
emilie autumn ( musician ) recorded an instrumental track called " organ grinder " for the german saw iii soundtrack .
so much unwarranted traffic to grinder 's switch looking for the hometown pearl described was generated by tourists following the road sign that the hickman county highway department was finally motivated to change the designation on the sign to " hickman springs road . "
scrotum grinder .
in contrast to the normally available locally minced mett , coarse pork mett ( " grobes schweinemett " ) is produced in an industrial meat grinder .
it is revealed he is deliberately instigating violence by the grinder counter - culture and is providing them with the means to do so , as well as releasing a bioweapon - " st theresa 's eyes " - that causes people to hallucinate angels .
bandler and grinder went on to author " the structure of magic volume ii " ( 1976 ) , " patterns of the hypnotic techniques of milton h. erickson volume ii " ( 1977 ) and " changing with families " ( 1976 ) , which was co - authored with virginia satir herself .
the sausage man 's ability to manipulate reality is apparently aided by his portable meat grinder , which he constantly has hanging from around his neck .
reaching deadhorse , alex picks up a loader and grinder bound for fairbanks , but encounters buckled spots in the road which shake his trailer so badly that the straps on his load loosen and break .
. organ grinder : " my old tunes " - " my old tunes are rather broken "
friedrich voith was also an innovator : designing and building his own version of a voith wood grinder for the uhingen paper mill , and improving the design of the original raffineur .
the time machine itself is a plain gray box , with a distinctive electronic " hum " created by overlaying the sounds of a mechanical grinder and a car engine , rather than by using a processed digital effect .
today 's tool and grinder is typically a cnc machine tool , usually 4 , 5 , or 6 axes , which produces endmills , drills , etc . which are widely used in the metal cutting industry .
even general dung was impressed by " the stubbornness of the enemy " in what had become a " meat grinder . "
the linguistic aspects were based in part on previous work by grinder using noam chomsky 's transformational grammar .
thomas has reached a financial settlement with mr. grinder , who is now willing to accept carboy as his son - in - law .
another widely - produced play was " the lens grinder " , based on the life of spinoza .
a grinder and a backup sewage system were installed a few years after the prison opened to crush the excess trash and help the sewage system run more efficiently .
" scrotum grinder " was a hardcore punk band from tampa , florida , united states .
flick grinder .
blade grinder .
i took with me some whole bean coffee and a grinder .
he was known as a hard - nosed grinder in the corners and spent much of his career in the ahl .
gene green ’s 1917 " from here to shanghai " , which featured faux - chinese scatting , and gene rodemich 's 1924 " scissor grinder joe " and " some of these days " also pre - date armstrong .
the cylindrical grinder is responsible for a plethora of innovations and inventions in the progression of science and technology .
in the game " , there exists an organ grinder inside a windmill in kakariko village who grinds away at his organ day and night .
music vision awards , performing her dazzling grinder act .
grinder and bandler believed they identified pattern of relationship between the sensory - based language people use in general conversation , and for example , their eye movement ( known as " eye accessing cues " ) .
the company is under pressure to finish , or else the contract will default to their rivals , blakeson & grinder .
when the motor is reversed counterclockwise the right grinder grinds and the left just bounces the beans around .
the tool itself consists of three parts : the grinder head , work table , and holding fixture .
the game is also known as grinder .
today , faulkner describes grinder and bandler as having been at least 10 years ahead of their time .
they encounter devastator , in which mudflap is sucked in by devastator 's vortex grinder with skids devastated .
however , low red army reserves and wehrmacht tactical skill led to a bloody stalemate near rhzev , known as the " rzhev meat grinder , " and to a string of red army defeats , such as the second battle of kharkov , the failed elimination of the demyansk pocket , and the encirclement of general vlasov 's army near leningrad in a failed attempt to lift the siege of the city .
their identity was never discovered , but the story was learned from the service station operator , opal grinder , who reported the incident at the time and later signed an affidavit in 1967 .
his name comes from two forms of sandwiches : the reuben and the grinder , a toasted hero sandwich .
sound supervisor tony gronick explains the buzz as " a metal grinder that 's affected so it jumps from left to right and has reverb on it , " and a " whoosh "- like sound created by former sound effects editor mike thomas .
later impressions also made the dog and grinder darker , while lightening the cap of the sow - gelder .
" the nu kats - plastic facts " recorded at studio orange , mixed at the music grinder hollywood in 1980 .
its box shows one inspiration model , a flight - capable version of the granite grinder .
during the same month she also recaptured another schooner named " nancy " , one called " grinder " , and an unidentified brig while capturing the brig " dove " and the schooner " renommee " .
also , as part of dire straits , " it never rains " from love over gold 20/9/82 : " ah but it 's a sad reminder / when your organ grinder has to come to you for the rent /and all you 've got to give him / is the use of your side - show tent . "
after figuring out that conker is his descendant , he sends him to grab villagers and put them in a giant grinder .
a dual studio / live ep , it contains three studio recordings ( " insect , " " drowning , " and a judas priest cover , " grinder " ) and four tracks from " haunted " performed live .
in spring 2006 the company launched a new world 's largest superpipe grinder , the hpg ultra g23 , making elliptical halfpipes .
at the beginning of 2009 , tiny mix tapes began a feature podcast called chocolate grinder .
grinder and bostic st. clair also run workshops and seminars on nlp internationally .
one can make powdered sugar at home by putting normal granulated sugar in a coffee grinder or grinding it by hand in a mortar and pestle .
according to grinder , the husband told him " your aircraft sure fly low around here ! " and that the object almost took the roof off their car .
the " edward " of the title was an alias of nicky hopkins , derived from his outstanding performance on " edward , the mad shirt grinder " , a song from quicksilver messenger service 's " shady grove " lp .
depending on the available resources , a combination of a grinder on a robotic arm , or even a drill / thermal penetration system is envisaged in order to determine the characteristics of europa 's surface ice .
quotes a local doctor , dr. knight , regarding the so - called " grinder 's asthma " suffered by the sheffield cutlery workers in the mid 19th .
everything inside the theatre was auctioned off , with the wurlitzer going to the organ grinder restaurant , who later upgraded their console , sending the oriental theatre organ console to uncle milt 's pizza on grand blvd in vancouver , washington .
11 . i hate girls with bruises - fetish grinder
from the automotive industry to military applications , the benefits the cylindrical grinder have given us are immeasurable .
the 2005 event was held at grinder 's sculpture park , located at 18th street and locust street .
homeowners are not usually limited by what they can or can not pour down their drains because their home has a grinder pump .
the sparks from the angle grinder which pam is using ignite the biofuel causing an explosion .
vsi mill ( vertical shaft impactor mill ) is the type of fine grinder which is used a free impact of material particles with a wear plate .
john grinder began collaborating with judith delozier ; between 1982 - 1987 they began developing the new code of nlp , they were heavily influenced by anthropologist gregory bateson , and a desired to create an aesthetic and ethical framework for the use of nlp patterns .
an organ grinder 's visit disturbs the ex - convict 's fragile grasp on reality .
a wire brush or wire wheel ( mounted on a bench grinder ) is sometimes used to carefully remove very severe oxidation , though this may risk damaging the tips protective iron plating .
the battle of the somme had started on 1 july 1916 and by this time , the allies had learned the lessons of the futile offensives of 1915 and of the " meat - grinder " type losses sustained at verdun .
later robbins began teaching neuro - linguistic programming ( nlp ) which he had learned from nlp co - founder john grinder .
the band 's lineup consists of nathan ellis ( the casket lottery , ex - coalesce ) , john cruz ( lucky graves , ex - koufax , ex - proudentall ) , greg franklin ( ewok grinder , ex - believe
the producer puts the minced food into a funnel , which is placed on the top of the grinder .
the surface grinder is composed of an abrasive wheel , a workholding device known as a chuck , either electromagnetic or vacuum , and a reciprocating table .
grinder pumps can be installed in the basement or in the yard .
this local , rustic specialty founded in the alimentary behavior of the grinder that worked in the area of the wupper river in remscheid , wuppertal and solingen .
key punching rather than using a pattern grinder to remove metal , keys may also be duplicated with a punch machine .
a " grinder 's switch " theme park for the area has been proposed , with promoters going so far as to move the former railroad depot of slayden , tennessee to the area to serve as one of its buildings , but little more seems to have been done in regard to developing the park to this point .
organ grinder 's swing .
around 2005 , error recorded a new song , titled " wild world " , that appears on a tribute album to the birthday party called " release the bats : the birthday party as heard through the meat grinder of three one g " , which was released on april 4 , 2006 .
it is also called shepherd 's pie , silver bass , gray bass , gasper goo , gaspergou , gou , grunt , grunter , grinder , wuss fish , and croaker , and is commonly known as sheephead or sheepshead in parts of canada , the united kingdom , and the united states .
a surface grinder is a machine tool used to provide precision ground surfaces , either to a critical size or for the surface finish .
a jig grinder is a machine tool used for grinding complex shapes and holes where the highest degrees of accuracy and finish are required .
nowadays , people use a blender or grinder to make masala .
over time the project grew and gained two more full - time members , ryan moll and patrick battaglia , both from previous bands of hrubovcak 's such as rumpelstiltskin grinder , solace in the shadows , as well as divine rapture , one of hrubovcak 's current bands .
john longley - grinder / mast man / project manager .
walker designed his own juicer , the norwalk , in two parts — a grinder to slowly grind the vegetables and a press to extract the juice .
[ ... ] richard bandler and john grinder [ the founders of nlp ] have on the other hand , offered a much adulterated , and at times fanciful , version of what they perceived erickson as saying or doing guided by their own personal theorising .
but the evil organ grinder brundibár [ who represents hitler ] chases them away .
his father was a pigment grinder , and james began as an apprentice to godfrey kneller .
one teenager who was rescued from an illegal brickyard said that , during his slavery , he had been taken to another brickyard by his boss to watch another slave being fed to a meat grinder .
he is also the primary author of " nlp , volume 1 " with richard bandler , john grinder and judith delozier .
the grinder would crank his organ in a public place ( either a business district or in a neighborhood ) , moving from place to place after collecting a few coins or in order to avoid being arrested for loitering or chased by persons who would not appreciate hearing his single tune over and over again .
even though a wipe company says their product can be flushed , chances are , they do n't have a grinder pump .
there is a chocolate grinder which consists of three drum - like structures , arranged in even spacing around a circular platform .
nlp co - founder john grinder heads , based in australia , where he has a research database of over 190 academic research papers and book excerpts that explore studies and reports on nlp models and their uses .
they were also traditionally used as organ grinder monkeys .
using the grinder whilst wearing eye goggles reduces this hazard to low probability and low consequences .
before leaving to meet frank , she hears an organ grinder outside , which reminds her of a melody that played on an organ on the day her mother died and the promise she made to her mother to look after the home .
however , in 1981 , faulkner discovered a book about neuro - linguistic programming called " the structure of magic i : a book about language and therapy " by richard bandler and john grinder .
similarly , the cinematic bonds are not above subjecting the villains to outright horrible deaths , such as throwing a henchman into a grinder and later burning a fuel - soaked franz sanchez alive in " licence to kill " , pushing a terrified and screaming elliot carver in front of a gigantic running drill in " tomorrow never dies " , and electrocuting gustav graves and sending him into a flight engine in " die another day " .
subsequently , by 2002 he had been trained with leading hypnotists including stephen gilligan , richard bandler and john grinder .
the jig grinder is very similar to a jig borer , in that the table positioning and spindles are very accurate ( far more so than a manual milling machine or lathe ) .
first single shaft rotary grinder .
they are tiny diamond rasps for use in a jig grinder doing profiling work in hard material .
commentators remarked on his ability in the series to switch from being a goal scorer to a mucker and grinder .
in the early 1970s grinder worked in george a. miller 's lab at rockefeller university .
the angle grinder has large bearings to counter side forces generated during cutting , unlike a power drill , where the force is axial .
because of this change of meaning , sentences made using the " universal grinder " can sometimes appear unappealing , for example " i went to the site of the traffic accident , and there was dog lying all over the road . "
its cover presents a guy in a hat labelled " acid " put by tomasz dziubiński into money - producing meat grinder .
antigravity chocolate does not provide protection against certain things , such as falls from especially high heights , being hit by spinning blades , or being dismembered in a grinder .
both the dec. 5th issue of the " hartford courant " and the jan. 19th and 23rd issues of the " brooklyn daily eagle " described " francisco mele " as a one - legged organ grinder and morello as a " padrone .
in his suit , bandler claimed ( retrospective ) sole ownership of nlp , and the sole right to use the term under trademark , as well as trademark infringement , conspiratorial tortious interference and breach of settlement agreement and permanent injunction by grinder .
organist jimmy smith recorded " organ grinder 's swing " on his 1965 " album of the same name " .
the teeth of the grinder are machined to cut the spice .
richard bandler and john grinder identified this kind of " artful vagueness " as a central characteristic of their ' milton model ' , a systematic attempt to codify erickson 's hypnotic language patterns .
as the police burst into the bakehouse along with both anthony and johanna in the stage version , tobias drops the razor and mindlessly turns the handle for the meat grinder .
on october 10 , 1809 he stopped at an inn on the natchez trace called grinder 's stand , about from nashville , tennessee .
one of the rooms off the main basement is the kitchen where glidden is said to have experimented with the coffee grinder and his wife 's hair pins , eventually leading to his brand of barbed wire .
other bands included grinder 's switch and black oak arkansas .
it was originally released by mccormick 's almanac book and recording company , and chris strachwitz 's arhoolie records later reissued the lp , re - titled as " the ma grinder " .
they disbanded after recording a second record , " bone grinder " , which was never released .
prior to being in necrophagist , he was in the german death metal act defeated sanity , featuring on their debut promo , and the 2002 split with poppy seed grinder .
pepicek and aninka try to earn money by singing for the town ’s people , but the greedy organ grinder , brundibar ( " bumblebee " in czech ) , drowns out their song .
in a traditional provençal " crèche " , there are 55 individual figures representing various characters from provençal village life such as the scissors grinder , the fishwife , the blind man , and the chestnut seller .
important space opera incidents described by hubbard include the aircraft door goals , the bear goals , the " before earth " and " before mest " incidents , the black thetan goals , the body builder incidents , bodies in pawn , the bubble gum incident , the coffee grinder , the gorilla goals , the heaven implants , helatrobus implants , the ice cube incident , the jack - in - the - box , the obscene dog incident , among others .
1997 - super blender , blender & grinder
it was developed by john grinder in the early and mid-80 's .
these include backhoe , hydraulic breaker , pallet forks , angle broom , sweeper , auger , mower , snow blower , stump grinder , tree spade , trencher , dumping hopper , ripper , tillers , grapple , tilt , roller , snow blade , wheel saw , cement mixer , and wood chipper machine .
associations work was organized into 10 sections , as follows : building sections - builders , roof covers , terracers , masons , izolations , plasterer and carpenters and painter , painter and auto painter ; wood processing - glass section - carpenter , cooper , woodcutter , wood molder , shipbuilders , baskets makers , upholsterer , decorator and glass ; electro section - power installers , electro mechanic , radio mechanics , electrician for cooling devices , automobile and independent tradespeople who filled batteries ; jewellery - clockmaker section - goldsmiths , engraving , watchmaker ; section of metal - mechanic , a mechanic , auto plumber , smelter , metal turner , plumbers , plumber , machinist , galvanization makers and grinder .
31 g has released a compilation of queen covers by their artists called " dynamite with a laserbeam : queen as heard through the meat grinder of three one g " , as well as a similar tribute to the birthday party , titled " release the bats " .
bandler and grinder — the founders of nlp — discovered early on that these inner signals consist of thoughts that are primarily sensory in nature .
bertarelli was team alinghi 's only swiss national serving as navigator in 2003 and subsequently as an afterguard runner and grinder in 2007 , when team alinghi defended the america 's cup in valencia .
barber received feedback from a number of knife users and knifemakers such as sal glesser , ernest emerson , tony marfione , phil wilson , william harsey jr. , tom mayo , jerry hossom , and paul bos in development of cpm s30v. knifemakers prefer using cpm s30v because its composition makes it easy to consistently heat treat as well as easier to grind although the carbides wear down the grinder belts .
joe bush ( organ grinder ) .
the album also included " monty python organ grinder " , an instrumental monty python song included as a secret track .
the temperatures attained in a " chakki " ( mill or grinder , traditionally from stone ) , produced by friction , are of the order of 110 - 125 deg c. at such high temperatures , the carotenes present in the bran tend to exude the characteristic roasty smell , and contribute to the sweetness of the atta .
the six - step reframe is a pattern for changing unwanted habits and behaviors developed by john grinder , the co - founder of nlp ..
alvin h. hankins , a jeweler and lens grinder that knew lundberg and eventually was his employer in seattle , was present during most of the engraving .
these days " : " it would all have been so easy / if you 'd only made me cry / and told me how you 're leaving me / to some organ grinder 's lullaby / it 's hard , so hard - it 's tearing out my heart /
ground meat is meat finely chopped by a meat grinder .
he founded the norton grinding company , where he continue improving the cylindrical grinder to use faster rpm values and more precise grinding tolerances .
the characters include a giant , proud craggler ( プラウド・クラッガー ) , a humanoid black panther chronos " evil " lait ( クロノス・”イビル”・レート ) , along with a swordsman , kain grinder ( カイン・グリンダー ) , that resembles ax battler , and a swordswoman sarah barn ( サラ・バーン ) that resembles tyris flare .
a tool and cutter grinder is used to sharpen milling cutters and tool bits along with a host of other cutting tools .
the next man they bring up is a witness , an organ grinder with a monkey named antonio zucchini salami gorgonzola depizza ( benny rubin ) .
their boss arrives and tells them he bought an electric pepper grinder for each table , that he does n't need them any more and fires them .
the machine that does this may be called a linisher or a linish grinder .
they patterned their subs after the hoagie , grinder , hero and sub sandwiches they enjoyed back east .
the operator of a street organ is called an organ grinder .
the founders , bandler and grinder , started by analysing in detail and then searching for what made successful psychotherapists different from their peers .
the first grinder rule became the team 's motto for the 2005 season : " win or die trying ! "
the most important factor on a jig grinder is the dual - spindle configuration .
john grinder has since moved on to work with carmen bostic st clair .
stump grinder .
a member of john grinder and richard bandler 's original group of students , she continues to contribute extensively to the development of nlp models and processes .
hard portland cement mortar is usually removed with a grinder or power circular masonry blade , taking care not to damage the masonry units .
while at ucsc , bandler invited assistant professor of linguistics dr. john grinder to observe his gestalt workshops , to help build an explicit model of how bandler ( and perls ) did gestalt therapy .
this wood grinder was a major step forward for paper mills : allowing them to use economical , renewable cellulose - fiber , while improving paper quality , and setting the cornerstone for modern newspaper publishing .
bryant chucking grinder company .
in the final scene , johanna , anthony and two policemen encounter toby in the bakehouse , mindlessly turning the meat grinder , surrounded by the bodies of todd , lucy and mrs. lovett .
rzhev battles ( ) is a general term for a series of world war ii offensives launched during january 8 , 1942—march 22 , 1942 by soviet forces in the general directions of rzhev , sychevka and vyazma against a german salient in the vicinity of moscow , known as the " rzhev meat grinder " ( " ржевская мясорубка " ) for these battles ' huge losses .
some methods may be more tolerant of a range of sizes produced by a blade grinder ; this may be the case for drip ( percolated ) and french - pressed coffee .
reich is a grinder who is known for his physical play and fighting .
grinder has since strongly encouraged the field to make a recommitment to what he considers the core activity of nlp , modeling .
( " release " reproduced as " appendix a " of " whispering in the wind " by grinder and bostic st clair ( 2001 ) ) .
j. a. folger and his brothers go to san francisco for the gold rush but he ends up staying in the city and being hired as a carpenter for a coffee , spice grinder .
robert " the grinder " baker ( october 26 , 1926 – april 23 , 2002 ) was a heavyweight boxer whose career spanned from 1949 until 1959 .
die grinder .
bandler and grinder held that the exceptional communicators that they modeled used the meta model intuitively .
during the offseason , he is the lead singer for hard rock band " grinder " .
as an alternative to salt and pepper shakers , pepper may be distributed at the table by use of a pepper grinder , while salt may be distributed from a salt cellar , or less frequently now , a salt mill .
another alumnus , richard bandler , developed neuro - linguistic programming with one of his kresge professors , john grinder .
a mucker is largely synonymous with grinder .
the co - founders , richard bandler and linguist john grinder , claimed it would be instrumental in " finding ways to help people have better , fuller and richer lives " .
makhdoom bilawal ( born 1451 ad/ 856 ah sindh ) - a sufi saint , and poet from sindh , pakistan . a sufi master , who was pulverized in a seed grinder by the arghoon rulers under accusation of dishonoring quran ( shrine at dadu sindh , 30th safar 929ah/1523 ad ) .
waste from water - using household appliances ( toilets , bathtubs , washing machines , etc . ) flows through the home ’s pipes into the grinder pump ’s holding tank .
the american veterinary medical association recommends cervical dislocation and asphyxiation by carbon dioxide as the best options , but has recently amended their guidelines to include maceration , putting non - anesthetized chicks through a grinder .
however , because the workers at the cannery are on strike , the meat grinder is deactivated and tintin escapes
a sharp edge in the combustion chamber or on top of a piston ( rounding sharp edges with a grinder can eliminate this cause ) .
during this period , thordendal , who was working as a carpenter , severed the tip of his left middle finger , while haake injured his hand in a grinder accident .
a reenactment of lewis ' entry into grinder 's stand was an official concluding event of the lewis and clark bicentennial .
on his way , he accidentally runs into an organ grinder and apparently kills his monkey .
in december 2006 , the pupils staged a joint christmas show with a school in grinder , norway , from shapinsay .
flatfoot 56 commonly encourages and organizes a variation on a circle pit called the meat grinder , which has become immensely popular with fans .
due to his ability to perform at such a high level despite that swing , his devoted fan base has given him the nickname " the grinder " .
universal grinder .
grinder is a village in the municipality of grue , norway .
an exception is the manual turkish coffee grinder ; these are inexpensive , and can grind coffee to fine powder for turkish coffee , unlike the cheaper electric models .
monsieur leclerc enters the café , disguised as an italian organ grinder .
grinder has described the new code as an attempt to address several design flaws that were observed in the classic coding .
while using an angle grinder can occasionally result in injury , use of proper equipment will greatly reduce the risk .
rumpelstiltskin grinder .
