the start of the stratford - upon - avon canal is marked by a guillotine lock , which used to prevent water passing between the canals , but is now maintained in an open position .
however , the trial progressed and louis xvi was executed by guillotine on january 21 , 1793 .
in 1792 during the reign of terror of the french revolution , a mysterious english nobleman known only as the scarlet pimpernel ( a humble wayside flower ) snatches french aristocrats from the jaws of the guillotine while posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty - headed sir percival blakeney .
he was brought before the revolutionary tribunal in paris under the reign of terror and it condemned him to the guillotine for treason " in opposing plans at the moment of their execution " .
furthermore , there is the possibility that the very swiftness of the guillotine only prolonged the victim 's suffering .
a guillotine was erected in what is now the place de la concorde and was used on 21 january 1793 to execute louis xvi .
the title refers to the guillotine and is also the nickname of yann in his scarlet - pimpernel - like role .
thus , " this schneider " should be " displayed for show to the people on the scaffold of the guillotine today ( december 15 , 1793 ) from 10 o'clock in the morning until 2 o'clock in the afternoon , to atone for the disgrace to the morals of the developing republic . "
def john cole by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 9/09/06 )
a member of the anarchist guillotine society which made two assassination attempts to avenge the murder of sakae osugi , noe ito , and osugi 's 6-year old nephew , by the military , on secret orders from hirohito .
the new revolutionary government erected the guillotine in the square , and the first notable to be executed at the place de la révolution was king louis xvi , on january 21 , 1793 .
min soo kim defeated sean o'haire by submission ( guillotine choke ) round 1 4:46
danton was at once condemned , and led , in company with fourteen others , including camille desmoulins , to the guillotine .
it can be found on the releases " a la guillotine " and " that 's all very
he is taken to court , and sentenced to be killed by a guillotine .
luckily , vivian and ivan were searching for stefano and managed to free john from the guillotine he was in .
on march 6 , 2010 at wec 47 fifteen seconds into his bout jorgensen caught his opponent chad george in a modified front guillotine neck - crank and won via submission 31 seconds into the round .
however , he never stopped drinking and could be fallible : on an otherwise triumphant appearance with michael parkinson he forgot to set the safety catch on the guillotine illusion into which he had cajoled parkinson .
the flying guillotine was featured at the topmost position .
in the 1998 wizards of the coast game guillotine , there is an action card named the scarlet pimpernel , which instantly ends the day after the next noble is collected .
the black flag , like guillotine hangs over graceful crowd in cheerful colored dresses .
eventually , he angers the citizens and is about to be put in a guillotine .
he was beheaded by guillotine ( the customary form of execution in saxony at the time , it was by axe in the rest of germany ) on january 10 , 1934 , three days before his 25th birthday .
a 13-foot guillotine was built specifically for 2009 's opera scenes .
he came back at ' on december 12 , 2007 , defeating jeff curran by guillotine choke at 4:34 of the second round .
he then fought and beat wilson at by guillotine choke in round three .
he was originally scheduled to face alessio sakara at ' , but sakara withdrew due to injury and was replaced by international fight league champion dan miller who quickly disposed of rosholt in the first round via guillotine choke .
she met jean lambert tallien , the commissary of the national convention , who saved her from the guillotine , and became his mistress ; through his influence , thérésa tallien obtained the release of many prisoners .
most of france was left without the services of a priest , deprived of the sacraments and any nonjuring priest faced the guillotine or deportation to french guiana .
-armbars , triangle chokes , rear naked chokes , the guillotine choke , kimuras , and kneebars are most common for submissions .
the execution by guillotine was to a jeering crowd on march 24 , 1794 .
adrienne and the marquis are buried with the noailles and the other nobles who fell to the guillotine at picpus cemetery .
although she had decided to follow her lover into exile , when her husband is being led to execution she shouts " vive le roi ! " ( long live the king ! ) amid the frenzied crowd and is dragged to her husband 's side and marched to the guillotine .
after the crowd disperses , lucille enters and sits on the steps of the guillotine .
however , on the night of their wedding , percy learns that his wife betrayed his friend the marquis de st. cyr to the revolutionary government , ultimately leading to the marquis ' execution by guillotine ( " prayer " ) .
the hébertists were swiftly flung into prison , and thence under the blade of the guillotine ( 24 march 1794 ) .
in 1835 , the guillotine was added , although many cantons allowed the person to be executed to choose between these two methods .
although kang controlled the fight , he lost by guillotine choke at the end of round two after a takedown attempt .
at jettison , the cm umbillical connections were cut using a pyrotechnic - activated guillotine assembly .
according to archival records , at least 16,594 people died under the guillotine or otherwise after accusations of counter - revolutionary activities .
" reflections on the guillotine " is an extended essay written in 1957 by albert camus .
lost to benji radach by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 03/17/07 )
an interesting example is king 's norton stop lock which was built with guillotine gates .
he was found guilty twice and , like the majority of his pensionaries , only escaped the guillotine due to the fall of the terror on 9 thermidor .
hakman brings his lover delila ( mira sorvino ) into his apartment , and leaves her alone with his guillotine .
not a few of the sworn enemies of judaea , of whom there were all too many in alsace , wanted to commend us to the " promenade à la guillotine " ; the very least would have been our expulsion and deportation , against which the citizen schneider raised his voice again and again . "
dr. physick pioneered the use of the stomach pump , used autopsy as a regular means of observation and discovery , excelled in cataract surgery , and was responsible for the design of a number of surgical instruments , such as the needle forceps , the guillotine / snare for performing tonsillectomies , and improved splints and traction devices for treatment of dislocations ; he also innovated many operative techniques .
he finally dies in the guillotine during the french revolution .
at last , he gave out the decree that those who did not accept the mark , along with any who refused to proclaim him as god , would be beheaded by a guillotine , known as a " loyalty enforcement facilitator . "
at the talent show , marc the magician tricks giles into strapping himself into a guillotine , ostensibly a magic prop , so that he can take his scalp off and get his brain .
dollaway defeated klein by guillotine choke in the second round .
a guillotine sluice isolates the main channel of the river when flood water is diverted into the cut - off channel , and the river then passes over the channel in a concrete aqueduct .
after dreaming that people who look suspiciously like the ku klux klan try to kill him in a guillotine , the president fires a missile on his own country .
2005 marked the year he released " master of the flying guillotine " .
the building of monumental fountains was interrupted by the french revolution ; the place louis xv was renamed place de la revolution , and the guillotine was placed near where the fountains were to have been built .
as the days pass , the two encounter a number of spooky happenings , leading to a climax in which the not - really - dead duquesne attempts a recreation of his guillotine trick , this time with his daughter as an unwilling assistant who hopefully wo n't lose her head .
luckily , vivian and ivan were searching for stefano and managed to free john from the guillotine he was in .
this process can take place in a medical setting , as with the titanium and manganese guillotine used at bolvangar , or as a form of torture used by the skraelings .
the guillotine was used in france during the french revolution and remained the normal judicial method in both peacetime and wartime into the 1970s , although the firing squad was used in certain cases .
finger guillotine .
this allowed wider gates and also removed the height restriction of guillotine locks .
i did n't expect a professional guillotine to fall on my neck , but i will not go gently into the night . ”
colin and chick are in a strange pharmacy with a guillotine for recipes and a mechalical rabbit making pills .
slice defeated mercer with a guillotine choke at 1:12 into the first round .
the dba for the bwr consists of the total rupture of a large coolant pipe in the location that is considered to place the reactor in the most danger of harm — specifically , for older bwrs ( bwr/1-bwr/6 ) , the dba consists of a " guillotine break " in the coolant loop of one of the recirculation jet pumps , which is substantially below the core waterline ( lbloca , large break loss of coolant accident ) combined with loss of feedwater to make up for the water boiled in the reactor ( lofw , loss of proper feedwater ) , combined with a simultaneous collapse of the regional power grid , resulting in a loss of power to certain reactor emergency systems ( loop , loss of offsite power ) .
at the former plötzensee prison in berlin , an exhibit about young helmuth hübener 's resistance , trial , and execution is located in the former guillotine chamber , where floral tributes are often placed in memory of hübener and others put to death by the nazis there .
older crushes can also be found to have a guillotine gate that is also operated from the side via rope or chain where the gate is raised up for the animal to go under upon entering the crush , and then let down behind the animal .
guillard was defeated via guillotine choke by nate diaz on september 16 , 2009 at ufc fight night 19 .
they are all sentenced to death as traitors without a chance to speak in their own defence , and are all promised the guillotine for their crimes .
suddenly , in an unusually morbid ending , they see a guillotine blade coming down , strongly suggesting that tom was actually executed , though off - screen in compliance with the hays office .
one hundred years later to the day , on june 17 , 1789 , his successor , king louis xvi was stripped of his power by the third estate , and four years later , publicly executed under the blade of the guillotine .
volkmann lost his most recent fight against martin kampmann at ufc 108 via submission ( guillotine choke ) .
romme , goujon and duquesnoy succeeded , but the other three merely inflicted wounds , which did not prevent their being taken immediately to the guillotine .
after a military trial , he was sentenced to death and subsequently executed by guillotine on august 9 , 1943 , aged 36 .
with the exception of smith , who graduated from camelback high school ( which is referred to in the song " alma mater " on the " school 's out " album ) , all of the band members were on the cortez high school cross - country team , and many of cooper 's stage effects were inspired by their cross - country coach , emmett smith ( one of smith 's class projects was to build a working guillotine for slicing watermelons ) .
henderson countered with a standing guillotine choke ending the fight at 2:41 of the third round in favor of henderson .
he was to set up an era of " terror " , sending many to the guillotine , until he was tried and executed in 1795 .
he was also well known for his ability to withstand a guillotine choke due to his strong neck .
there is a disused stop lock near king 's norton junction , which is unique of its kind in having guillotine gates .
she is convicted of murder and sentenced to die by guillotine , but a voiceover at the end tells us that her sentence was commuted by degrees to where she ultimately is left in prison , married and had five children .
nogueira would make his pride fighting championships debut on april 28th , 2002 at pride 20 against japanese pro wrestler / mma fighter yusuke imamura and he was very successful , ending the fight in the first round with a guillotine choke in just 35 seconds .
james lee defeated travis wiuff at:39 into the first round via guillotine choke .
wukong is sentenced to death and a guillotine is used , but the blade breaks on the monkey king ’s neck .
a year later , when the revolution was taking a more moderate course , the guillotine was removed from the square .
a guillotine was installed here in 1792 .
his son jean - baptiste - augustin beausire , became a prominent architect and assumed his father 's official titles , and his grandson , pierre - louis moreau , was the last municipal architect of the old regime , and died under the guillotine during the french revolution on july 9 , 1794 .
baroni then let villasenor stand up , baroni then got tagged a couple times and was put into a guillotine choke .
in his first fight of the competition , miles was defeated by john kolosci via guillotine choke in the first round .
master of the flying guillotine .
when the guillotine and executioner finally arrive on the island , madame la fights the establishment and the law to save auguste .
held at the cultural center in fall river , massachusetts , they and jason the legend wrestled the solution and guillotine legrande in a 6-man tag team match .
guillotine 1792 - scalding vat 1896 .
they next released the " guillotine theatre " album in 1979 on japanese label teichiku , issued in the uk in 1980 on fresh records , which reached # 11 in the indie album chart .
also called a guillotine leg drop , this diving attack sees a wrestler jump forward from a raised platform ( i.e. top turnbuckle , the ring apron , etc ) landing the bottom side of his / her leg across an opponent ( usually on the throat or face ) .
in 1996 , georgia state representative doug teper unsuccessfully sponsored a bill to replace the state 's electric chair with the guillotine in order to facilitate the use of the condemned prisoners ' remains in organ donation .
on the insurrection of prairial 1 1795 ( carried out against the thermidorian reaction ) , he tried in vain to save goujon , who had been involved in the proscription of the " last montagnards " ; all he could do was to give goujon the knife with which he killed himself in order to escape the guillotine , and he afterwards avenged his memory in the " souvenirs de prairial " .
undertaker follows with a guillotine leg drop on guerrero .
after the storming of the tuilleries on 10 august , la porte was arrested for having distributed secret funds , and convicted of treason against the revolution becoming , on 23 august 1792 , the second political victim of that new humane device : the guillotine .
def brian foster by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 03/17/07 )
among the titles it published during its run were " dark assassin " , " guillotine " , " legion x-1 " , " port " , and " victim " .
undertaker kicked out and after landing his opponent with a clothesline , he chokeslammed kane and then delivered a tombstone piledriver of his own ; it would eventually take three tombstones with a guillotine leg drop and flying clothesline in between to stop kane kicking out and sitting up but as soon as the match was over bearer attacked undertaker and ordered kane attack him , which he did with a chair shot to the head and then a tombstone piledriver onto the chair .
belcher then defeated sean salmon one month later at " ufc 71 " with a guillotine choke at:53 of the first round .
she was executed by guillotine in 1905 .
failure to do so would result in being beheaded by the guillotine .
its unusual shape and use of materials resembles a guillotine .
baron frankenstein , sentenced to death , evades the guillotine , with the help of a deformed dwarf by having a priest beheaded and buried in his place .
chassebœuf de volney was thrown into prison during the jacobin club triumph , but escaped the guillotine ; he was some time professor of history at the newly founded " école normale " .
pelletier was only the first person to be executed by guillotine .
kilmaine narrowly escaped the guillotine and recovered his liberty after the fall of robespierre .
hundreds of prisoners during the french revolution were taken from la conciergerie to be executed on the guillotine at a number of locations around paris .
the overnight impoverishment of many of the deposed nobility , usually after one of its members lost their head to the guillotine , saw many châteaux demolished .
after the astronauts docked the csm to the lm , they blew charges to separate those connections and a guillotine severed the lm to instrument unit umbilical .
in west berlin , which was an independently governed zone under allied control , the last execution was carried out by guillotine in moabit prison in 1949 ( berthold wehmeyer , for murder and robbery ) .
the revolutionary tribunal summarily condemned thousands of people to death by the guillotine , while mobs beat other victims to death .
also , that come january of 2010 they will release this war is ours ( the guillotine part ii ) from this album .
this war is ours ( guillotine part ii ) will be the fourth single off album , the band states on their myspace that they will be shooting the video in santa ana , ca on january 9th , 2010 .
gesias calvancante defeated rani yahya by submission ( guillotine choke ) round 1 0:39
the soldiers strap her to the guillotine , but then flee due to a sudden earthquake .
the book consists of eleven short stories about sir percy blakeney 's exploits in rescuing various aristos and french citizens from the clutches of the guillotine .
his next fight would be against nick catone at which he won by submission ( guillotine choke ) at 3:45 of round 2 , giving him his third consecutive victory in the ufc .
a suspect during the reign of terror , he was twice arrested : the first time in september 1793 , liberated after the intervention of joseph augustin crassous ( representative on mission to seine - et - oise ) ; the second time in june 1794 ( paradoxically , on orders from the same crassous ) - threatened with the guillotine , he was saved by a relative of his who stole his record of prosecution , thus causing a delay long enough for lebrun to be saved by the thermidorian reaction .
in 1793 , she was executed under the guillotine for the assassination of jacobin leader jean - paul marat , who
however the environment agency have modified the upstream lock gate , in order to improve flood control , with the result that the headroom below the guillotine gate is too low for boats to enter the lode .
his aunt marie antoinette died under the guillotine at the beginning of his reign .
then , a coach escorts him to the marketplace of troyes , where a guillotine has been prepared .
a guillotine motion is the common name for an allocation of time motion which is a british house of commons procedure that can be used to restrict the time set aside for debate during the passage of a bill through the house .
" master of the flying guillotine " is a 1975 taiwanese / hong kong martial arts film starring jimmy wang yu , who also wrote and directed the film .
he was the personal enemy of louis philippe , who nevertheless enabled him to escape the guillotine on the request of grace elliott .
def jay estrada by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the second round ( 05/19/07)o < sup/ >
he had another win by submission ( guillotine choke ) against jake rosholt at ufc fight night : lauzon vs. stephens on february 7 2009 .
through the 11 months following the release of " guillotine " , british india played to an array of sold out shows and also at music festivals big day out , homebake , golden plains , the falls festival , splendour in the grass , pyramid rock , and come together music festival .
def aaron stark by tko ( guillotine choke / ref stoppage ) in the third round ( 12/29/06 )
with guillotine kyodai .
as a producer for warner brothers , he made a string of feature films , including " an american dream " ( 1966 , retitled " see you in hell , darling " for british release ) , " a covenant with death " ( 1966 ) , " first to fight " ( 1967 ) and " the cool ones " ( 1967 ) , and also directed " my blood runs cold , " " brainstorm " and " two on a guillotine " ( all 1965 ) .
after the mid-1950s , stasi executions were carried out in strict secrecy , and usually were accomplished with a guillotine and , in later years , by a single pistol shot to the neck .
the group evolved out of an older group , guillotine , formed in 1978 .
at least 1200 people met their deaths under the guillotine — or otherwise — after accusations of counter - revolutionary activities .
all but a handful of the locks have conventional mitre gates at the upstream end and a single vertically lifting guillotine gate at the downstream end .
the second song on the from first to last album is titled " one armed boxer v.s. the flying guillotine "
in the end , the " national razor " ( as the guillotine was so aptly called ) ended up eradicating the very ones who had put it to such frequent use .
the title " the day of the robot " is most likely a reference to " the six million dollar man " episode of the same name while " flying guillotine " refers to a legendary weapon that was used , inter alia , in several movies .
the blakeneys ' marriage grows cold and percy determines to make amends for his friend 's death by saving other innocents from the guillotine .
just beyond the junction is a rare example of a guillotine lock .
there 's no fury to the movie , repressed or otherwise , which may be why when the revolution arrives , it has all the impact of a guillotine with a deadly dull blade . "
rochambeau was arrested during the reign of terror a period of violence that occurred after the onset of the french revolution , and narrowly escaped the guillotine .
on 8 november 1793 , she was conveyed to the guillotine .
as iolaus ' head is placed in the guillotine and asks iolaus if he has anything he wants to say .
can the scarlet pimpernel save josette and maurice from the guillotine ? and what will happen to the incriminating letters ?
after several punches , the boss attempted a leapfrog body guillotine .
harry , as ' the black widower ' , starts his guillotine act , but at the moment of truth linda 's nerve fails her and she flees the stage .
guillotine himself has a large blue head with tentacles extending from the bottom of the head ; not unlike cthulhu .
after being the resident turntablist on the wu - tang clan 's debut album , ' , 4th disciple co - produced and helped mix down several tracks with the rza on the first three wu solo ventures by various artists , including co - production for " sub crazy " by method man , " damage " by ol' dirty bastard as well as mixing credits for some of raekwon 's " only built 4 cuban linx tracks : " criminology " , " guillotine ( swordz ) " , " spot rusherz " , and " wu - gambinos , " .
eventually , after the state prosecution gave him special permission , hoche was able to experiment on bodies within two minutes of their execution by guillotine .
jolivet 's great - great grandmother was the only member of her family to avoid the guillotine during the french revolution .
overeem defeated knaap in the first round by submission ( guillotine choke ) .
the song became the theme song to 1976 martial arts cult classic , " master of the flying guillotine " , by jimmy wang yu .
he was eventually defeated by akuma shogun 's hell 's guillotine technique .
elfriede scholz was decapitated by guillotine on 16 december 1943 .
she was made to sit closest to the guillotine but was executed last and thus had to hear the blade fall on the necks of all the people before her .
founded in 1894 it was the site of many executions , particularly by guillotine during the nazi period .
venom 's original personnel came from three different bands : guillotine , oberon and dwarfstar .
in the early 20th century , the guillotine was set up just outside the prison gates .
in the carnival funhouse , both maxi and selene are attacked by mitch , and , as he tries to kill selene with a guillotine , maxi , using a decorative axe , kills mitch by striking him in the head with it .
lost to mike ciesnolevicz by tko ( guillotine choke / ref stoppage ) in the third round ( 12/29/06 )
louis xvi of france ( 23 august 1754 – 21 january 1793 ) ruled as king of france and navarre from 1774 until 1791 , and then as king of the french from 1791 to 1792 . suspended and arrested during the insurrection of 10 august 1792 , he was tried by the national convention , found guilty of treason , and executed by guillotine on 21 january 1793 .
def amos sotelo by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 9/09/06 )
after fln members were executed by guillotine , larbi ben m'hidi ordered to " shoot down any european , from 18 to 54 .
despite a war of words between the two fighters , particularly by guillard leading up to the bout , stevenson made quick work of his opponent , knocking down guillard with a punch before securing a fight - ending guillotine choke .
fury , daredevil , the punisher , and captain america became involved in the hunt , and ultimately sathan , takimoto , dakini were killed , striklan went rogue , and only guillotine & romulus returned to hydra .
with such a small difference in water level a guillotine gate could easily be lifted to let water flow in and out .
def harris sarmiento by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the third round ( 08/02/07)4<sup/ >
the song contains " brooding pop melodies " typical of british india 's highly successful debut album , " guillotine " .
the third chapter adds a winter holiday theme with an iced over guillotine and staircase to heaven , along with a new mini - game called " mugat2 slapfest , " and many other new hidden treasures ; for example , the mugat2 now have the element of flight .
after encountering a fake guillotine set , which shocks larry and moe , curly disposes of the gorilla by head butting him .
after police raids and a special court , on august 1 , 1933 bruno tesch and others were found guilty and executed by the " guillotine " .
nevertheless , the case was lost , and the king was sent to the guillotine .
fabre died under the guillotine on 5 april 1794 with the other dantonists .
the committee was responsible for thousands of executions , with many high - profile executions at the guillotine , in what was known as the " reign of terror . "
in the post fight press conference , rogers called out internet sensation kimbo slice , stating that kimbo 's match with james thompson was " garbage " and that brett believed kimbo tapped to a guillotine choke in the first round .
tussaud was arrested during the reign of terror together with joséphine de beauharnais ; her head was shaved in preparation for execution by guillotine .
" guillotine " was also nominated for triple j 's j award in 2007 , as well as winning the air award for best new independent artist .
the committee carried out thousands of executions against supposed enemies of the young republic , to the point that the guillotine came to be known as “ the national razor”—because it seemed to be falling on everybody ’s neck .
imprisoned in tarbes for seven months , his was a lucky escape from the guillotine .
the first use of the guillotine in paris was on april 25 , 1792 .
scenes depicted included a full size replica of a victorian london street , complete with sweeney todd 's barber shop and opium den , the 1665 great plague of london , body snatchers at work and a full size model of a guillotine .
though the film is a direct sequel to jimmy wang yu 's " one armed boxer " , it serves as an unofficial sequel to the shaw brothers ' " flying guillotine " ( xuedizi ) , directed by ho meng - hwa in 1974 . " master " concerns the " one - armed " boxer ( jimmy wang yu ) being stalked by the blind master of the two tibetan lama boxers killed by the handicapped hero in the previous film .
lost to wagney fabiano by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the second round ( 11/03/07)gp < sup/ >
they were buried in a common grave at the picpus cemetery , where a single cross today marks the remains of the 1,306 victims of the guillotine .
def ryan mcgivern by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the second round ( 05/19/07 )
techniques used as a part of goshin jujutsu include joint locks such as wrist locks , elbow locks ( commonly called “ arm bars ” ) and chokeholds ( " no - gi " ) ( over - under choke , sleeper hold , guillotine choke , arm / leg triangle , etc . ) .
topless robot named him one of the most " most ridiculously stereotyped fighting game characters " , calling him the most outlandish of " street fighter ii"s cast and drew comparisons to the indian assassin in the film " master of the flying guillotine " .
when robespierre went to the guillotine in july of that year the crowd jeered , "
perhaps the intervention of the painter jacques - louis david , son - in - law of the entrepreneur pécoul , and considerably enriched in the collection of the " octrois " , helped him avoid the guillotine .
most of the victims received an unceremonious trip to the guillotine in an open wooden cart ( the tumbrel ) .
lost to jamal patterson by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 6/03/06 ) *
during the fight , mir stunned kongo with a left overhand early , dropping him and following up with strikes until securing a guillotine choke victory at 1:12 in the first round .
to save some of their noble clients from the guillotine , champagnes merchants altered business records by replacing the titles of their clients with " citizen " .
if swiss voters had rejected the continuation and extension , the eu would likely have invoked the so - called " guillotine clause " to terminate all agreements made as part of the bilateral treaties .
the method of execution in austria was hanging until the annexation by the third reich ( 1938 - 1945 ) when it was replaced by guillotine .
angle applied a guillotine choke on lesnar , which brought lesnar down onto his knees and allowed angle to perform another ankle lock .
most of france was left without the services of a priest , deprived of the sacraments and any nonjuring priest faced the guillotine or deportation to french guiana .
the song " reformat " is recorded in two versions : a live version from a concert with fans providing extra vocals and a six - minute ' radio play ' about a submarine captain who is executed by guillotine in a football stadium .
at sundown , chénier was taken by cart to the guillotine at what is now the place de la nation .
finally they head for paris during the french revolution where they witness executions on the guillotine and meet angelus and darla .
the condemned men cried " viet nam ! " as the guillotine fell .
miller met the takedown , and clinched browning 's neck in a guillotine choke .
morrissey - margaret on the guillotine
the company 's first release was the martial arts classic " master of the flying guillotine " .
the " moniteur " of 18 december 1789 deplored the joking but repeated guillotine 's " twinkling of an eye " statement for posterity .
the bwo lost the match after super crazy hit a moonsault and psicosis hit the guillotine legdrop on big stevie cool for the win .
use of the guillotine in paris .
mcsweeney won via guillotine choke in the first round .
india , bangladesh were sacrificed on the guillotine of european great wars .
guillotine lock .
mercer later stated in the press conference at adrenaline iii : bragging rights when he was scheduled to fight tim sylvia under mma rules instead of boxing rules that he had expected kimbo slice to box with him and said that he did not really train in any other aspect of mma and was unprepared for the guillotine choke .
the album starts with a shot , with that first single “ guillotine ” – an indelible guitar hook and ferocious drums charge forth as urbandub ’s trademark mix of airtight vocal harmonies .
in addition , he designed the guillotine that was used in germany for carrying out the death penalty for the next hundred years or so .. mannhard continued to work at clockmaking as well , particularly turret clocks for clock towers , and equipped the clocktowers in a large number of european cities , as well as in the united states .
but this allowed grice to escape briefly , before etim got grice in another guillotine choke .
caserio was executed by guillotine in lyon at precisely 5 am , august 16 , 1894 .
a paper cutter as described below is different from what is called a " guillotine " cutter , which is also known as a " stack cutter " .
pelletier waited in jail for more than three months as the guillotine was built in strasbourg under the direction of the surgeon antoine louison , at a cost of thirty - eight livres .
the next drop - down menu , for " weapon of choice , " features options such as " boot , " " knife , " " can , " " sledgehammer , " " rolling pin " and " guillotine . "
the discipline method for refusing to take the mark is death by guillotine , nicknamed the " loyalty enforcement facilitator " .
def jay estrada by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the second round ( 05/19/07)o < sup/ >
the wine cask breaking is a corrupted government , freedom , or blood from guillotine .
in the second 50-second clip , dwight tells andy , stanley and phyllis that they should " put our balls in the guillotine , as they say , " by threatening to quit if michael does not give their clients back .
on march 30 , police arrested andré soudy at the english channel coast , where he announced that he did not care whether he died of tuberculosis or by guillotine .
during the french revolution , the guillotine was installed and running at full speed during the tenure of marie joseph chalier .
although arrested twice , he escaped the guillotine and died in paris on the 24 pluviôse in year vii , or 12 february 1799 .
knowing the guillotine is fake , batman refuses .
initially , the b-52s were chopped into pieces with a 13,000 pound guillotine .
1856 brought gas lighting to bruchsal , and the city received baden 's guillotine .
he preferred people who had faced the guillotine : " because of the importance of the freshest possible material for investigation " .
buckled to the guillotine or dangling in slow nooses , the victims probably identified less with the " reichswehr " than has the historian . "
lukas miklos loses his wife , his pastor , his pastor 's wife and dozens of fellow greek believers to the guillotine , while cameron " buck " williams , who is in greece in disguise along with albie , help two greek teenagers escape the detention center .
the guillotine , named after the decapitation device , is a move in amateur wrestling that is mostly taught in high schools .
the mtv animated logo " guillotine " featured a sculpted horror by fiorilla , and he also created the customized skeleton guitar writhing in a popular 1987 dokken video seen on mtv .
among its chairmen was max sievers , who was beheaded at the guillotine by the nazis in 1944 .
he was also the only person in sweden to have been executed by the guillotine .
luckier than his chief who died under the guillotine , he was released after the overthrow and execution of maximilien robespierre .
tom won in an upset , after putting dollaway to sleep using a guillotine choke at 55 seconds in the first round and was awarded submission of the night .
he won his first three fights in the wec by guillotine choke .
pestilence , " " carrion , " and " under the guillotine "
rua won his first bout against eric wanderlei due to punches , but in the second bout suffered the first loss of his career in a controversy situation to renato sobral due to guillotine choke in the third round .
( ( citation needed ) ) arriving at the foot of the guillotine , louis xvi looked for a moment the instruments of his torture and asked if sanson the drums stopped beating .
during the french revolution , the square was renamed place de la revolution , the guillotine was placed there , and king louis xvi and thousands of others were beheaded near the site of the present fountains .
bottisham and baitsbite locks are both fully automated , with a vertical guillotine gate at the upstream end and traditional mitre gates at the downstream end .
def matt horwhich by submission ( guillotine choke ) in the first round ( 4/13/07 )
the last pimpernel book , " mam'zelle guillotine " , was published in 1940 .
napoleon follows bugs but as he runs through the guillotine the blade falls and slices the back of his uniform along with the hair from the back of his head .
during the first fall místico and último guerrero found themselves on the floor , outside the ring as volador , jr. landed a guillotine legdrop off the top rope on mr. niebla while la sombra performed a back flip off the top rope , called a moonsault , on atlantis for the double pinfall .
she wields a huge guillotine blade in her right arm and a sharp sword in her left .
in 1793 , during the french revolution , the duke was executed by guillotine and the garden was taken into public ownership .
in 1793 and 1794 , he became notorious in the haute - saône and the côte - d'or for arresting suspected " enemies of the people " , sending them to the revolutionary tribunal and the guillotine .
he also rigs a paintbrush to a wheel ( the brush fresh with green paint ) , and contrives to set up a guillotine - like system ( the purpose of which is n't to decapitate foghorn , but rather to hold him in place by the head , as the " blade " is actually made of wood and has a large hole in it ) .
