however , as rahu had drunk nectar , he did not die but continued to live on as rahu ( the head ) and ketu ( the headless body ) , who are today part of the navagrahas ( nine planets ) in hindu astrology system .
the following is a list of these albums that have featured tracks by the headless chickens .
there may be some connection between the brazilian headless mules and the witches which the church burnt wholesale in western europe .
as the final excuse for the start of the greco - italian war , jacomoni used the killing of a cham albanian leader daut hoxha , whose headless body was discovered near the village of vrina in june 1940 .
shiva placed it on the headless body of parvati 's son and breathed life into him .
a covered bridge is featured in the 1999 film " sleepy hollow " in a scene depicting an encounter between main character ichabod crane ( played by johnny depp ) and the main villain , the headless horseman ( played by ray park ) .
they soon learn that major hannum 's death was probably a murder , and that the killer seems to have unfinished , and deadly , business that involves a real headless lady whose head has disappeared .
some phrases , however , can be headless .
however , he was promptly killed on arrival and sent back to sinchi roca , headless .
the sacis are recurring characters , nearly always against the humans , such as popular folk creatures such as the werewolf , the headless mule and the boitatá .
mike the headless chicken festival .
but these goddesses are depicted headless , mainly to focus on the display of their sexual organs , thus signify sexual vigour and thus , do not explain the self - decapitation theme .
later , a partially - digested new guy is pulled from shark 's headless corpse .
one of the more unusual residents is the headless dog of penparcau .
the thing was bloated and obscene ; a headless , faceless , eyeless bulk with the ravenous maw and titanic talons of a star - born monster .
the headless cupid .
the discovery in 1863 of a headless but stylistically almost identical alabaster image , buried in the churchyard of all saints , broughton , craven suggests that , as was apparently usually the case , the statue was a standard model repeated several times by the workshop , and probably produced for stock rather than upon receipt of a particular commission .
additional voice roles in the episode include tress macneille as joan rivers ' preserved head in a jar and lamarche as the headless body of spiro agnew .
their third release , " headless machine of the heart " ( 2008 ) was recorded entirely on a 4-track tape machine .
the next morning two fishermen dragged the king 's headless body up in their net .
headless system .
the basic objective is to carry the headless carcass of a calf or goat around a flag and back to the starting point while on horseback with other riders trying to do the same thing by taking the carcass away from you .
they conceived of a concept referred to as " the beast " , which wilkinson describes as " a headless monster that lurches through postwar history , " a metaphor for a system of dark forces that resulted in the assassinations of john f. kennedy , robert kennedy , and martin luther king , jr. , the vietnam war , and helped nixon 's rise to power and his fall from it as well .
headless cross .
in 1999 brown voiced a hessian trooper in the night of the headless horseman .
" the whitehall mystery " was a term coined for the discovery of a headless torso of a woman on 2 october 1888 in the basement of the new metropolitan police headquarters being built in whitehall .
the drummerless trio has performed with musical pioneers like guitarist bill frisell , charlie hunter , saxophonist james carter , percussionist billy martin ( of medeski , martin , and wood ) , saxophonist jerry bergonzi , david fiuczynski ( of the screaming headless torsos ) , denison witmer , and tooth and nail recording artist joy electric .
a bedouin tribe was digging through a mound for a gravestone that would be used for a recently deceased tribesman , when they came across a headless statue .
the first of which is count wolf von vinderstine ; a headless specter who gives a three minute looped spiel about what riders will see inside the attraction .
vladimir nabokov recalled " the headless horseman " as a favourite adventure novel of his childhood years - " which had given him a vision of the prairies and the great open spaces and the overarching sky . "
despite ernie macmillan 's subsequent order that he stay in his dormitory , justin is later petrified by the basilisk along with the gryffindor house ghost nearly headless nick .
the headless children .
sometimes , famous paintings are re - created using headless dummies with the ' africanised ' clothing instead of their original costumes , for example " gainsborough 's mr and mrs andrews without their heads ( 1998 ) " , " reverend on ice ( 2005 ) " ( after the rev robert walker skating on duddingston loch attributed to sir henry raeburn ) and
the husband demanded that his grandfather tell him where the headless body was , and they went out and found the body wandering around red hill .
or he might have seen the captured armor of conquered enemies fastened to tall poles or a tangled assemblage of headless corpses lying along the outer wall . ”
other dramas offered startling imagery : a disembodied brain in a jar , a headless woman strapped to an electric chair , with a light bulb in place of her head and a snake slithering up a carpeted staircase inside a suburban home .
along the way , they avoid the headless horseman , who was jack 's former body , by heading across a covered bridge .
pitcher vance dubbed him " the headless horseman of ebbets field " for his various mistakes .
a hidden valley . dwelling place of the kaldanes , which are mostly brain , and the rykors , headless bodies that the kaldanes use as vehicles .
the nikumbh were given the title of sirnet , meaning headless , by an emperor of delhi , because they would not bow their heads on entering his presence , and when he fixed a sword at the door they preferred their necks to be cut through by the sword rather than bend the head .
a headless statue of siptah now in munich shows him seated on the lap of another pharaoh , presumably his father .
his current bass guitar arsenal includes a selection of various vintage fender precision and jazz basses , three musicman stingray 4-strings ( black with rosewood fretboard and black pickguard , black with maple fretboard and white pickguard , natural with maple fretboard and black pickguard ) , a pair of headless status 4 and 5-strings ( fretless and fretted ) and a red stuart spector ns2 .
it is revealed by nearly headless nick in the fifth book that wizards have the choice of becoming ghosts when they pass away .
the title tune ( about a juvenile sociopath 's murderous prom night ) name - checked " little susie " , the heroine of former employers the everly brothers ' tune " wake up little susie " , while songs such as " roland the headless thompson gunner " and " lawyers , guns and money " used deadpan humor to we d geopolitical subtexts to hard - boiled narratives .
it was revealed near the end of the series that not only was a mysterious , badly - damaged decepticon behind it all , but that they had made numerous headless copies of sunstreaker 's body .
also during the dinner kenan notices that the beverage arthur is drinking begins to " leak " from his neck which provokes kenan to suspect arthur as the headless knight .
she comes across the headless body of the alien and gasps , which finally attracts the doctor 's attention .
his headless corpse was reanimated in " ghost rider " vol . 5 ,
during his journey home , ichabod encounters another traveler , who is eventually revealed to be the legendary headless horseman ; the ghost of a hessian soldier who was decapitated by a cannonball during the american revolutionary war .
while converging on goldman 's headquarters , james and gary face many formidable foes , including judgment consisting of an imp - like monster zeal and his headless , axe - wielding puppet khual ; the hierophant , an aquatic beast which heads an assault on venice 's waterways and central plaza ; segmented serpent - like beasts stalking the sewer system known as the tower ; and strength , a chainsaw - wielding giant which wounds harry and chases james and gary throughout the roman coliseum .
in both the thompson and neill books , jack loses his head for varying periods of time ; in neill , his headless stick body is dragged about the countryside of oz by his companions .
the dragon bites off his head , and the king is forced to go home headless .
it transpires that his betrothed headless delage has been pretending to be the real delage but has genuinely fallen in love with him anyway .
headless tambourines come in different shapes with the most common being circular ( called jingle ring ) .
his stable of characters included johnny , a childlike face drawn on wences ' hand , which he would place atop an otherwise headless doll and with whom wences conversed while switching his voices between johnny 's falsetto and his own voice at amazing speed .
the tracks " dead girls " and " the headless waltz " also appear on voltaire 's greatest hits album , " deady sings ! " .
looking at strategies of withdrawal and secrecy , they trace an offshore company on the bahamas called headless ltd. a ghostwritten detective novel continuously narrates their investigations .
however , klement 's headless corpse washed ashore in august 1938 and was identified , from a scar on one hand , by two trotskyists .
maigret and the headless corpse ( french : " maigret et le corps sans tête " ) is a detective novel by the belgian writer georges simenon .
his name is a play on ichabod crane from sleepy hollow , and his pumpkin - head is likely based on the headless horseman from the same tale .
nearly headless nick also said in the first book that he had n't eaten for " nearly four hundred years " , but in the next book he has been dead for 500 years .
whilst at exeter , yorke worked as a dj at guild nights in the lemon grove and played briefly with the band headless chickens .
the name is derived from the local undumbi word " gulum " or " guloom " , meaning " blunt " or " headless " , referring to the shape of mount coolum , which has no peak .
adam ( matt o'leary ) and his best friend duffy ( jake epstein ) have gotten their hands on some tickets for the headless horseman concert , and his sister chelsea ( laura vandervoort ) has a date with her dreamy boyfriend peter .
the band the headless chickens also recorded a song named after and loosely based on this film .
headless cross & oakenshaw - peter anderson ( conservative ) , carole gandy ( leader of the council ) ( conservative , gay hopkins ( conservative )
after sam goes to another mobster 's restaurant where an informant is tortured , he finds a headless corpse in his apartment .
the haunting seems to have something to do with a headless cupid sculpture on the staircase banister .
he says that he paints to the music of punk bands the meat puppets , black flag and the butthole surfers he has painted such things as dead cats , ' bloodied ' kangaroos , headless women and punk men , many of which represent what he calls ' loserville ' .
the pinboard on which alexeieff created his extraordinary black and white films is an upright perforated board , three by four feet , into which a million headless steel pins have been inserted .
ritualised decapitation survives in the archaeological record such as the example of 12 headless corpses at the french late iron age sanctuary of gournay - sur - aronde .
the head of this house is the transfiguration teacher , minerva mcgonagall , and the house ghost is sir nicholas de mimsy - porpington , more commonly known as nearly headless nick .
in those early years of romanian journalism after the fall of communism , many of the stories in the romanian newspapers ( even the serious ones ) were actually made up . " evenimentul zilei " also had its share of bizarre stories , such as reports of " smuggling of headless cats " .
while some soldiers guarded the arabs , others went to a nearby hilltop where the headless bodies of two israeli soldiers were found .
much to the band ’s surprise , ' the headless songstress ' received numerous praises from music fans and the media , both national and international .
the headless horseman is a fictional character in the 1820 short story " the legend of sleepy hollow " by washington irving .
for nearly 300 years , her ghost has been reported to wander the roads about duddon , visit the local park , bridges and has been seen returning to her place of execution at the headless woman pub .
to the appearing physical wiedergängern also in the west german legend world the frequently specified headless riders , that over the american poet washington irving and its novella ' ' the putting of sleepy hollow ' ' world literature and even into the history of film entered .
an article published in 1983 described a ghostly headless horseman who allegedly haunts the main road but this " legend " is not widely known elsewhere .
park appeared in the scene where walken 's character , the headless horseman , kills the killan family and fights and kills brom bones .
in november 2000 , rob green and mark king developed the status kingbass , a headless , double cut - away bass with a woven graphite through - neck , status hyperactive pickups and active electronics .
as solon does so , the doctor finds the headless body hidden behind the curtain .
samri is to be decapitated , with the headless body to be buried behind the old temple at kalighat and the head secured in a strong - box to be kept at the raja 's " haveli " ( mansion ) .
under the guidance of the gusii elders , otenyo 's headless body was buried at the top of manga escarpment ( present day kitutu ) .
there are 2 schools in headless cross : the vaynor first school and walkwood ce middle school , both located on feckenham road .
some months later , on 1 august 1970 ( lammas day ) , the charred and headless remains of a woman 's body were found not far from the catacomb .
on the banks of the reservoir is the replica of the ruined liverpool castle , and to the south west is the headless cross at grimeford village .
the headless horseman has made several appearances in films .
he was buried in south weald church , but his tomb was badly damaged in the 1868 church restoration , leaving only a headless figure in judicial robes and part of an inscription , which gives his age at death as fifty seven .
at tindivanam , a headless clay and bamboo body of aravan is modelled , showing him in a heroic position , kneeling on his left knee and holding a bow .
the animals storm the cave , and with the help of uncle ben ’s atomic station wagon , also trap the headless horseman .
roland may be named after the protagonist of " the dark tower " , who was a gunslinger , or the roland from the medieval epic " la chanson de roland " , or the roland surface - to - air missile system , or roland the headless thompson gunner from the 1978 warren zevon song , or roland , the king of planet druidia from spaceballs or more likely renowned french - canadian gunman roland sigfried .
mike the headless chicken .
mcdonald was the lead singer of the band headless chickens in the early 1990s .
ghost stations was born , and in 1986 the first book was published and proved a best seller as it recounts how , " headless airmen and other spectres have appeared in control towers and other service buildings throughout the country " .
examples of these types are as follows : not allowing family members from going out of the home until used utensils have been cleansed ( it is believed that a family member may pass away if this habit is not followed ) , consuming sour fruits in the evenings ( to avoid early parental demise ) , avoiding taking photographs of three persons together ( to avoid the early death of the individual placed in the middle ) , sudden arrival of a scent of a burning candle in the absence of a lit candle hints that a relative had just died , loosing a tooth during a dream is an omen that a relative will soon die , a headless shadow of an individual forewarns that that person will pass away soon , preventing all family members from viewing the face of a dead person at funerals ( to prevent the ghost of the departed from visiting the family resulting to the death of every family member ) , and lifting children related to the deceased over caskets before the entombment ( to hinder the ghost of the dead relative from visiting the children ) .
when she wakes she finds the headless body of cloten , a brutish character who had planned to rape her , but had been killed in a fight .
an old man who did not believe in ghosts told of meeting the headless horseman coming from his trip into the hollow .
“ the temple of korravai is decorated with lotus flowers which bloomed when the warriors sliced their own necks”(106 ) ; “ they slice the base of their necks ; the severed heads are given to the goddess”(111 ) ; “ when the neck is sliced and the head is severed , the headless body jumps with joy for having fulfilled the vow”(113 ) .
the headless chickens performed to packed out houses in and around exeter during this period , including highly acclaimed solo shows and supporting acts such as eat and de la soul .
premium grade figures of hitler and goring were made with headless composition bodies that were then fitted with special - made porcelain heads that captured their facial features and expressions with exceptional clarity .
dr coke even suggested he would not be surprised if , " in a few years some of our people , warmest in politics and coolest in religion , would toast … a bloody summer and a headless king . "
lees ' longtime girlfriend , helen colton , discovered lees ' headless body , covered by blankets , in his bedroom some five hours later when she arrived to pick lees up for an event at the academy headquarters in beverly hills .
lee sklar appears in the video playing a steinberger headless bass , but neither sklar nor thompson played on the actual studio recording .
after tsunami almost all the tribal chiefs and their heirs were killed , leaving the tribals virtually headless .
another story tells that after his beheading , his headless body ran 100 yards down the royal mile .
the headless lady .
see also the headless nouns section below .
in 1995 , he played the roles of " fred " and the " headless ghost " in alan menken 's version of " a christmas carol " at the madison square garden theatre .
the transfer of energy begins with the deceased immortal 's headless body levitating and the surrounding area filling with visible electromagnetic energy capable of causing structural damage to nearby objects .
other murders include : a drowning in a butt of wine , based on the murder of the duke of clarence in " richard iii " ; the wife of one critic , who was drugged to sleep soundly , awakens next to her husband 's decapitated body , as imogen awoke to find the headless body of cloten in " cymbeline " ; quasi - cannibalism — the effeminate meredith merridew is tricked into eating his " babies " ( his beloved poodles ) just as queen tamora was fed the flesh of her two sons , baked in a pie , in the climax of " titus andronicus " ; one critic is tricked into believing his wife has been unfaithful , driving him to smother her in a jealous rage ( i.e. " othello " ) and spend the rest of his life in prison ; the sole female critic ( played by coral browne , shortly to become price 's third and last wife ) is electrocuted by hair curlers as lionheart recites a passage in which joan of arc is burnt at the stake , " spare for no fagots [ bundles of sticks ] , let there be enough ... " ( from " henry vi , part 1 " ) .
arriving at their destination , delage disappears and the three headless are immediately arrested and questioned , as there is evidence that delage has been raped .
for example , he described a " headless pyramid " that was subsequently lost until may 2008 , when a team lead by zahi hawass removed a 25-foot - high sand dune to re - discover the superstructure ( base ) of a pyramid believed to belong to king menkauhor .
lisa tuttle in her review for " the times " said that " the land of the headless is a darkly satirical tale that extrapolates an absurd idea into something weirdly plausible .
it includes full network support , a headless server daemon and a server browser from within the game .
" the night of the headless horseman " was a computer animated one hour tv special that aired on fox on october 28 , 1999 .
each episode involves the contestants and professor rupert macabre preventing ghosts who died in the castle from obtaining a valuable item on their death anniversaries , otherwise the ghosts will gain supernatural powers and immortality ( e.g. the " devilish debutante " seeks a necklace or " the headless knight " seeks a gauntlet ) .
like other sculptors working in 17th - century rome , duquesnoy was called upon to restore and complete antiquities , for headless torsos rarely found a market with contemporary connoisseurs .
both members perform in the antique - prog band miasma & the carousel of headless horses .
the crew were undismayed however , carrying the headless corpse around the deck and giving three cheers in memory of their captain , before replacing him where he fell and covering him with a union flag .
without the father figure in silverio , tuadles was like a headless chicken with no sense of satisfaction at the turbo chargers camp .
shrimps , crabs and prawns are shipped to japan , mud crabs to taiwan , headless squid to usa and japan , crab meat to usa and scallops to europe .
the artwork featured the headless man who is otherwise seen throughout the releases for other singles from " dream days at the hotel existence " , however on this cover , the area where his head would be is a fireball , and he appears to be holding a briefcase while walking down the hallway of a hotel , another common theme throughout the artwork for the album .
this album is the only time zevon played a version of " roland the headless thompson gunner " that lasted more than the average 4 minutes on an album , although he did it frequently in live performances .
miasma & the carousel of headless horses .
the song " mean man " from " the headless children " album was written by blackie lawless about chris holmes .
this legend was elaborated in subsequent centuries , and stated that the headless boy managed to convert pagan onlookers .
" juice " is a single by new zealand rock band headless chickens released in 1992 .
the legend of the headless nun has been featured on the canadian show creepy canada , and is the basis for a local tour .
her lungs in her headless body are still pumping air , as her head , some feet away , is working to sustain the breathing method so that the baby can be born .
a cross formed from items such as brooms and curtain rods connected to four assemblages of household junk , such as a stainless - steel sink on top of a dirty kitchen cabinet , and a headless madonna and child sculpture on a black and white television set resting on a leaning toilet .
prowl proceeded to head up the plan to save prime , but shockwave manipulated his headless body to attack the autobots .
the washburn bantam was an unlicensed 1980s imitation of the steinberger headless style .
dressed in ancient clothing , the glowing ghost descends , headless , towards the bed .
his headless body then climbs onto the roof and manages to reattach his head .
the failure of the group derailed several side projects , such as a comic book , and two of flatlinerz 's associates ( namely the headless horsemen and omen , who were featured on the debut album ) who had been promised releases were also dropped .
the speed and volume of the executions meant that the headless bodies were left piled up on both sides of the driveway near
buzzi restored the marble group in the prado now identified equally as " castor and pollux " or as " orestes and pylades " providing the headless torso with an ancient bust of antinous , the emperor hadrian 's favorite .
in the " return of the evil dead " cut , murdo does not sacrifice a local girl to incite the templars resurrection and when he 's decapitated later in the film , the shot of his headless , spurting neck is removed .
moving to the center of the island , which is a shallow cone , he finds the corpse of a tall , headless man in the depression .
the headless children ( cd , album ) capitol records 1989
there are also a number of cursive forms of the tibetan script - sometimes collectively referred to as " umê " ( ) , " headless " .
the legend of sleepy hollow tells about ichabod crane , a poor schoolmaster , and his encounter with a headless horseman .
in september 2000 journalist georgiy r. gongadze disappeared and his headless corpse was found on 3 november 2000 .
garanganze oral history says that the body returned to them by stairs for burial was headless , and that the expedition kept it .
during the course of events leading up to the death of howard epps , zack was nearly killed after he unwittingly triggered a pressure sensor tied to a bomb affixed to the headless body of caroline epps .
the album 's version of " headless cross " starts with the last few seconds of the track " the gates of hell " before the opening drum line .
nightmarish images of " the silent woman " standing , and even serving food and drinks as if still alive , have caused some to perceive her as a monster akin to the headless horseman .
anyone interfering in this process is eliminated immediately , and he prefers to leave victims headless and handless to hinder identification .
senius is finished off when he runs outside headless and is shot by giang with a submachine gun .
" when the headless horseman realized his head was not in the possession of the humans , he ravaged the van tassels’ barn , tearing through the helpless workers and animals that got in his way .
users were given the option to change the appearance of their avatars by walking into the " head shop " ( presented in side view ) , removing the avatar 's head ( which could only be done in the head shop ) , offering it to the shopkeeper ( a non - player character , or npc ) by setting it on the counter , and using the avatar 's headless body to point to the desired replacement head from a selection on the store 's shelves .
karn recorded japan 's last studio album " tin drum " with the wal and has continued to use them , and now also plays the headless klein ' k bass . '
for a moment , zenobia wonders which is the real zenobia : her headless body or her severed head .
sailor , paul ubana jones , headless chickens , karen hunter & love mussel , chris knox , tadpole , ardijah , salmonella dub , stereo bus .
while most would agree that the cleft clause in wh - clefts can be analysed as some kind of relative clause ( free or fused or headless ) , there is disagreement as to the exact nature of the relative .
in their more recent body of work , known as headless ( 2007 - ) , they approach the sphere of offshore finance , and its production of virtual space through legal code .
the two headless standing statues of deities ( or king and queen ) were vandalized during the pillage of malik kafur in a.d. 1311 .
in linguistic terms , a bahuvrihi is headless or exocentric : its core semantic value is implicit rather than explicit , so that the compound is not a hyponym of the head .
the headless horseman has appeared in many forms of literature throughout history and throughout the world .
legend of the " headless woman " .
another legendary parallel is the green knight , in the medieval story of " sir gawain and the green knight " , who is otherworldly , greenish in color , hostile , determined to take sir gawain 's life and , after sir gawain strikes him , headless .
his greatest wish is to become a member of the headless hunt , as mentioned in the second book .
the holy girl " was selected for competition at the 2004 cannes film festival and ranked ninth in the same poll , while " the headless woman " was selected for competition at cannes in 2008 and ranked eighth .
gunness ' dentist , dr. ira p. norton , said that if the teeth / dental work of the headless corpse had been located he could definitely ascertain if it was her .
additionally , when sid is attacked , there can be seen a bunch of other broken toys , including a squeeze toy alien ( the one that sid gave to scud ) , a burned rag doll ( who repeatedly utters , " mama ! " , in a manner similar to that of a basic talking doll ) , a huge red pickup truck , an armless yellow soldier with a nail in his head , and a headless yellow soldier with a broken leg .
in the largo de são sebastião was shot in 2007 the show on rede globo heavy load , because the old buildings that are in place and the church of san sebastian that was the scene of a staged marriage to actor junino antônio fagundes , the region is also marked by lots of greenery , farms and sites that triggered the episode title to ( formula headless ) .
leaving some of its most historical and important fronts headless .
in season 3,"speed kills " he sends tim speedle 's new replacement ryan wolfe to help alexx in the autopsy department only for ryan to see a headless cadaver for the first time , shocking him .
sometimes they play at doctors and press a telescope to their ears in order to inspect a truncated , headless body held up with callous unconcern by two horned orderlies .
as a band , they released a critically acclaimed album titled the headless songstress in 2009 .
headless horseman ( disambiguation ) .
despite his unshakable demeanor sarkula entertained audiences with his " verbal acrobatics " which often had gothic undertones and even by doing skits relating to games he was reviewing ( while reviewing serious sam he did an imitation of the headless screaming creatures in the game ) .
this relationship did not produce anything more than demo tapes and a rumored track " big dub " in the movie headless body topless bar .
after dropping emily off , albert spots the headless horseman riding along a distant road .
there were other notables that came and did a stint with the band like shayne carter ( straitjacket fits , dimmer ) and chris matthews ( the headless chickens ) .
the headless nun is an alleged ghost that purportedly haunts french fort cove in nordin , now the city of miramichi , new brunswick .
the townspeople are celebrating a headless horseman ceremony , which unbeknownst to the teenagers requires human heads .
magalim takes many forms : a snake , a dog , an overly generous european , a headless european , and a four glowing - eyed ok tedi worker who ran speedily over the landscape
in most tales , it is the ghost of a woman that has been cursed by god for her sins ( often said to be as concubinate or fornication with a priest ) and condemned to turn into a fire - spewing headless mule , galloping through the countryside from thursday 's sundown to friday 's sunrise .
headless horsemen and walking trees are part of the landscape , as are witches .
lepsius called it number 29 or the " headless pyramid " .
at 11 , nabokov even translated " the headless horseman " into french alexandrines .
( as the lowest ranking csi , wolfe usually ends up processing the grisliest evidence , including acid - dissolved cadavers ( " dissolved " ) and a headless body ( " high octane " ) .
the blemmyes ( latin " blemmyae " ) was a tribe which became fictionalized as a race of creatures believed to be acephalous ( headless ) monsters who had eyes and mouths on their chest .
on december 29 , the chechen officials found the four headless corpses on the outskirts of grozny , reportedly after paying $ 2,000 a piece for the return of the bodies .
this serum gave ben the blood of a headless horseman .
isaac ebey 's headless remains were interred in the original ebey family cemetery located at ebey 's prairie on the bluff overlooking isaac and rebecca 's home .
according to the in - game bestiary , the blood gigas is " a cruel and headless giant , born from the spilled blood of a demon . "
more asked that his foster daughter margaret giggs should be given his headless corpse to bury .
the headless statue of kanishka is in the mathura museum .
five years later pedrarias dávila died of natural causes and was buried next to the headless body of córdoba .
then she chloroformed her children , smothered them to death , and dragged their small bodies , along with the headless corpse , to the basement .
much to the band ’s surprise , the headless songstress received numerous praises from music fans and the media , both national and international .
in june 1940 , the headless body of daut hoxha , an albanian bandit , was discovered near the village of vrina .
it was discovered in pieces on the island in 1863 by the french archaeologist charles champoiseau , and is now - headless - in the louvre in paris .
the headless and armless statue is one of the sculptor 's variations on the " venus de milo " .
they suggest that the relative clause is headed ( rather than headless ) , with wh - word being located outside the clause proper and functioning as its head .
these statues , now headless , represent the actual foreign diplomats who were present at gaozong 's funeral .
michael took part in the reformation of the headless chickens in late 2008 / early 2009 .
a series of nearly identical machines were also sold by nec in headless ( i.e. , no video card or framebuffer ) configuration as the riscserver series , and were intended for use as windows nt workgroup servers .
david " fuze " fiuczynski is an american guitarist , best known as the leader of the screaming headless torsos and david fiuczynski 's kif , and as a member of hasidic new wave .
the roughly contemporaenous site of dickson mounds , some 100 miles ( 150 km ) to the north , also contained a mass grave with four headless male skeletons .
the same year , he appeared as the headless horseman in tim burton 's " sleepy hollow , " starring johnny depp and christina ricci .
vladimir nabokov recalled " the headless horseman " as a favourite adventure novel of his childhood years - " which had given him a vision of the prairies and the great open spaces and the overarching sky . "
on june 6 , 2006 the museum purchased a headless statue venus , for $ 968,000 at a sotheby 's auction in new york .
smbat finally decided to surrender himself to yusuf in 914 in hopes of ending the arab onslaught ; yusuf , however , showed no compassion towards his prisoner as he tortured the armenian king to death and put his headless body on display on a cross in dvin .
the post ended by encouraging fans to engage in some of bennett 's favorite activities : " listen to a nick lowe album , watch some " mythbusters " on discovery , play warren zevon ’s " roland the headless thompson gunner , " rent " pay it forward " ( one of his favorite movies ) , write a song with the tv on and the sound off , " and focus on bennett 's loving spirit .
chris left w.a.s.p. after the headless children tour ( 1989–90 ) and formed the band psycho squad .
the low horizon emphasizes the creature 's bulk , and the gesture of the headless mannequin introduces the viewer to the figure .
mike the headless chicken ( april 1945 – march 1947 ) , also known as miracle mike , was a wyandotte chicken that lived for 18 months after its head had been mostly cut off .
harry can also call nearly headless nick to show him around the school .
she draws back the curtain on a bed , thinking it is the doctor , but as the lights come up , she sees a headless , patchwork creature made from various body parts .
ivory processors were marketed in stand - alone lisp machines ( the xl400 , xl1200 , and xl1201 ) , headless lisp machines ( nxp1000 ) , and on add - in cards for sun microsystems ( ux400 , ux1200 ) and apple macintosh ( macivory i , ii , iii ) computers .
its title refers to washington irving 's " the legend of sleepy hollow " as riders dash through the woods of holiday world as if chased by the headless horseman .
the pursuit finally ends at the site of the buried " treasure , " which von horn has dug up ; his headless body is found next to the opened chest .
denis ' headless walk has led to his being depicted in art decapitated and dressed as a bishop , holding his own mitred head in his hands .
w.a.s.p. 's fifth album , " the headless children " , was released on april 15 , 1989 and was their first album without any overtly sexually explicit songs included .
while walking around in the grove , mikiya finds shiki , drenched in blood in front of a fresh headless corpse spurting blood .
as the attacks become more diverse and effective , the oms launch their manned rockets toward the fantastic planet , where they discover headless statues .
every few years since that time headless corpses are found in the city .
" mutinus elegans " , commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn , the dog stinkhorn , the headless stinkhorn , or the devil 's dipstick , is a species of fungus in the phallaceae family .
it can be arguable that roland 's name is based on warren zevon 's song " roland the headless thompson gunner " in which roland , an infamous mercenary , is thwarted and killed by a fellow comrade , van owen , much like vince vaughan character , nick van owen , foils his plan to kill the t - rex .
headless heroes of the apocalypse .
the bodies of the dead were badly mutilated and spafford 's corpse was headless ; his head was found scalped and tossed into the grass along the river bank .
black sabbath 's 1989 album headless cross is named after this district .
" the eternal idol " , " headless cross " , and " tyr " ( 1986–1990 ) .
he did the climatic dinosaur fight in igor stravinsky 's the rite of spring in fantasia ( film ) , the headless horseman chase in the legend of sleepy hollow section in the adventures of ichabod and mr. toad , the crocodile in peter pan ( 1953 film ) , and maleficent as a dragon in sleeping beauty ( 1959 film ) .
sometimes black shuck has appeared headless , and at other times he appears to float on a carpet of mist .
predominant images include men with erect phalluses , hunting scenes , red images of the now extinct aurochs ( wild cattle ) and stags , and vultures swooping down on headless figures .
on the last occasion the dog had been accompanied by a headless woman .
likewise , ' headless ' guitars and basses , notably those designed by steinberger and their licensed imitations , such as the hohner jack bass , and unlicensed imitations such as the washburn bantam , have the machine heads at the body end .
the audience rush to the body but everyone freaks out and run away after seeing the headless body .
a similar game is " kokpar " , a traditional kazakh game played on horseback in which two teams of players compete to carry a headless goat carcass into a goal .
pratt played his fretted 5-string and fretless 4-string status headless basses , the red spector ns2 and a 2-tone sunburst 1958 fender precision during the p•u•l•s•e concerts in 1994 .
" the headless bust : a melancholy meditation on the false millennium " by edward gorey .
the revolutionary war - era " american gothic " story of the headless horseman , immortalized in washington irving 's story " the legend of sleepy hollow " ( published in 1820 ) , marked the arrival in the new world of dark , romantic story - telling .
architectural design of the sacred house , the large headless statue of the goddess
martin tielli plays a steinberger headless electric guitar , nicknamed " steiny " .
the location of pyramid 29 , which lepsius called the " headless pyramid " , was lost for a second time when the structure was buried by desert sands subsequent to lepsius ' survey .
however , chalk expressed reluctance to undertake the journey so his friend jason peppiatt from another hobart band called born headless was recruited to play the shows in his stead .
headless horseman hayrides .
after cinderella exposed him as a likely traitor , bigby executed him in paris by bashing him in the head with a headless statue of napoleon bonaparte .
this was a medieval headless cross , and also called the " vinegar stone " because money was deposited in a trough of vinegar in the top of the stone in the belief that the vinegar would disinfect the coins and prevent the spread of the plague from happening .
his headless body was placed on top of a blood - soaked american flag .
here lie , headless , certain high - minded public figures .
screaming headless torsos have also featured many famous new york musicians during their live performances .
anchored by the number 62 charting single " headless cross " , the album reached number 31 on the uk charts , and number 115 in the us .
ned steinberger introduced a headless bass in 1979 and continued his innovations in the 1980s , using graphite and other new materials and ( in 1984 ) introducing the trans - trem tremolo bar .
jiminy cricket , the player , and alice 's headless body retrieve the head and escape the labyrinth of the queen .
the first is in trochaic tetrameter , and the second in trochaic tetrameter catalectic ( or headless iambic tetrameter ) .
also , headless transformers can be stuck in vehicle mode when the headmaster component is separated .
in 2005 , screaming headless torsos released a live dvd entitled " live ! ! in new york & paris " containing two concerts at the knitting factory in new york city and at the club new morning in paris .
he recently produced , recorded and mixed projects for the beat killers , ding dong devils , the returners , the spanks , the hitz , thee spectors , the ghastly ones and the headless hearsemen .
this was based largely on the claims of hilke thuer of the austrian academy of sciences , who in the 1990 's had examined a headless skeleton of a female child in a 20bc tomb in ephesus ( modern turkey ) together with the old notes and photographs of the now - missing skull .
