in 1919 , beatrice ensor and isabel king assumed joint headship following smith 's retirement the previous year , but both women left to found frensham heights in surrey in 1925 .
his father was able later to obtain another teaching position within the secular system - it was not a job of a headship , however , and the family could not expect as high standards as they might have otherwise .
it served pupils from age 4 to 11 years and had a reputation for academic rigour under the headship of mrs. cooper in the fifties and sixties .
the sackville - baggins family was founded by the marriage of " longo baggins " to " camellia sackville " , heiress of the sackville family headship .
one male offspring who is to succeed to the headship of the family lives with his parents after his marriage .
described variously as a ' headmistress of genius ' and ' the second founder of the school ' , her headship saw a tenfold increase in numbers from 23 in 1890 to 230 in 1920 , the year she retired .
countess maria carolina zamoyska ( born 22 september 1896 in kraków , poland ; died 9 may 1968 in marseille , france ) was the wife of prince ranieri , duke of castro , claimant to the headship of the house of bourbon - two sicilies .
in 1868 , during the boshin war , tadaaki resumed headship of the sakai family ; and he resigned upon the abolition of the domains in 1871 .
by august of the same year , mr brian mitchell had been appointed as headmaster of the prep school , and within eighteen months he took over the headship of the whole school .
after several years of rivalry and much fighting between the two relatives , turlough resigned the headship of the clan in favour of hugh , who was inaugurated o’neill in 1593 .
prince moritz is second in line to the headship of the house of hesse , directly after his father .
first and third trinity men bumped downing to take their first headship of the lent bumps since 1971 .
according to some sources , around 367 he assumed headship of the academy during plato 's period in syracuse , and taught aristotle .
he came young to the headship on the death of his father honinbo shuwa .
though he was a potential heir for oda family headship , katsunaga was ordered to be taken in by his aunt at iwamura castle at an exceedingly young age .
the methodist church then gave the school to the presbyterian and methodist schools association ( p.m.s.a. ) , who appointed ellen christensen to the headship in 1946 .
he ultimately assumed the headship of the house .
the school is currently under the headship of mr ad halls , who succeeded tony evans in january 2008 .
chikamasa took his responsibility for his taking part in mitsunari 's force , and transferred the headship of the family to kazumasa .
sean heslop had been due to leave the school at easter 2009 to take up the headship of folkestone academy in summer 2009 ,
he was the eldest son of the previous lord , mizuno tadakane ; after tadakane 's retirement in 1805 , he received headship and the title of daimyo .
in 1850 he resigned his headship of the teachers ' seminary , and was awarded a pension .
by male domination i mean the assertion of the man 's will over the woman 's will , heedless of her spiritual equality , her rights , and her value . " my essay will be completely misunderstood if the distinction between male headship and male domination is not kept in mind throughout " . "
katherine ramsey is heir presumptive to her mother 's peerage and the headship of fraser clan .
clare 1st women 's viii started head in the first ever women 's lent bumps in 1976 , but were unable to retain the headship .
the living of garsington , oxfordshire , went with the headship .
the performance in the may bumps is similar , moving from the 2nd to the 1st division in the 1910s , rising to take the headship by 1962 which it kept in 1963 .
through the new statute called " fundamental rules of the royal family of romania " , michael decreed his grandchildren into the line of succession to the throne and to the headship of the royal house and explicitly banned any other foreign prince belonging to any other royal or princely house from succeeding .
newnham women bumped jesus , caius and emmanuel to take their first mays headship since 1976 .
in 1968 , upon the death of his distant agnatic relative , prince louis of hesse and by rhine , philipp succeeded to the total headship of the entire house of hesse , including grand ducal hesse ( hesse and by rhine / hesse - darmstadt ) .
in doing so , they became the lineage in charge of the hereditary local priesthood and village headship and were recognized as " owners of the place " by later human arrivals .
in 1575 , he was recommended for the headship of the seon order , but refused and instead traveled to myohyangsan .
in the sengoku period , the nanbu clan reached the zenith of its power under the headship of nanbu harumasa .
after the death of his uncle ernst on 29 december 1941 , georg succeeded to the headship of the house of saxe - meiningen and assumed the title of duke of saxe - meiningen and style " georg iii " .
experience its own series of moves as it went from one agency ’s headship to another .
despite being the second son of bernhard , konrad became heir to headship of the house of saxe - meiningen because his father 's first marriage was morganatic and so his older half brother frederick ernest did not have succession rights .
sophie is eighth in the line of succession to the headship of the romanian royal family , and is in the line of succession to the british throne .
jorge de bagration y de mukhrani or giorgi bagration - mukhraneli or george bagration of mukhrani ( ) ( february 22 , 1944 – january 16 , 2008 ) was a spanish racing car driver of georgian descent and a claimant to the headship of the royal house of georgia .
because of the domain 's status and its history dating back to yūki hideyasu , the shogunate restored the previous lord masachika to the family headship , and granted him a severely reduced income of 250,000 koku .
he taught there until 1935 , under the headship of another old alleynian r h owen .
until the lent bumps 2007 the caius 1st men 's viii had held the headship of both the lent bumps and the may bumps for several years , but they now lie in 5th and 2nd place respectively .
between 1975 and 1981 , lady margaret were head of the lent bumps for 26 consecutive days , the longest continuous defence of the lent headship .
he has used the title duke of aosta since july 2006 when his father assumed the title duke of savoy and headship of the royal house .
federal headship refers to the representation of a group united under a federation or covenant .
after the last prince of the family of alaeddin , to whom osman 's empire was indebted for its foundation in asia minor , died , there was no one to compete with osman for the headship of the turkish people of the region and dominion over the whole peninsula , save the emir of karamanoğullari .
the new zealand monarchy , however , is unitary throughout all jurisdictions in the country , with the headship of state being a part of all equally .
there was also a change in headship .
in 2003 , pembroke achieved a historic victory in the oxford summer eights competition by becoming the first college to win the ' double headship ' - having both men 's and women 's first boats end the week at the ' head of the river ' .
yoshitaka succeeded to the family headship in 1567 .
in 1474 he settled down at deventer in holland , where he either founded or succeeded to the headship of a school , which became famous for the number of its distinguished alumni .
they declared their independence from the nanbu in 1571 , during the headship of ōura tamenobu .
as we shall see time and again , kinship in the form of headship ties ( soryo ) , looms large as a recruiting mechanism at all levels of muromachi society : here too , the " shugo " lords of the highest standing were mostly branch families of the ashikaga .
this was followed by buchan 's appointment to the headship of the medical sciences division at the university of oxford as of october 2008 .
she was educated at downe house school , under the headship of olive willis .
adam michnik does not have any shares in agora and does not hold any office headship , excluding head editor , which is unusual in economic field in poland .
the 1st viii managed to take the headship that year , and again in 1891 , but fell away into the 2nd division thereafter , although rising as high as 6th in 1953 .
at age 15 , yōshichirō 's father died , so he succeeded to the family headship .
sandhill view recently moved into a new modern building on the site of the former building , under the headship of mrs marshall , who left the school in 2004 to join monkwearmouth school .
a rival claim for the headship of the aberffraw royal house would come at this time from the price of esgairweddan family descended illegitimately from dafydd ii .
the canadian monarchy is a federal one in which the crown is unitary throughout all jurisdictions in the country , with the headship of state being a part of all equally .
naoie succeeded to family headship in 1536 , after his father 's death .
it is at present under the headship of dr. graham hawley who joined the college in august 2008 , succeeding mr. mark steed .
they view the abandonment of the traditionally - practiced doctrine of " headship " as evidence of an overall apostasy ( or moral deterioration ) within christendom and as leading to disorder and eventual anarchy within their fellowships .
he wrote letters to the cities of italy , asking them to send representatives to an assembly which would meet on the august 1 , when the formation of a great federation under the headship of rome would be considered .
the club has one of the most successful historic records in town rowing as the only club to hold the men 's headship for ten successive years ( between 1951 and 1961 ) , and its recent record includes winning the john jenner trophy as the most successful club in town bumps for three successive years ( 2007 , 2008 , 2009 ) , with its women having reached " head of the river " in 2008 .
born the fourth son of date yoshikuni , munemoto received family headship in 1868 , following the defeat of the ōuetsu reppan dōmei in the boshin war .
caius men started from head station , and retained the headship for the 8th time since 1998 , and 5th consecutive year .
he resigned the post at the end of the 2008 - 2009 academic year in order to assume the headship of harrow international school , bangkok .
rowed over to retain the headship for the second year running , and for the sixth year in total .
sōtan , when he was ready to retire and gave the headship of the family over to kōshin sōsa , established his retirement quarters on adjacent property in the north , building a tiny tea room there , the " konnichi - an " ( 今日庵）.
in the hajj of 688 ce , four men led their respective followers in the rites of pilgrimage , claiming the headship of islam .
in 1949 the 1st boat won their blades and in 1951 they were head of the river for the first time since the headship was lost in the 1870s .
emmanuel women " rowed - over " in 1st position , achieving the headship for the 2nd consecutive year and 8th time since 1988 .
peachell returned to cambridge , and he was restored to his headship by james on 24 october 1688 .
reformed theology using the model of federal headship , where humanity is covenantally represented by adam , sees christians represented covenantally by christ .
since then the school has been under the headship of steve cole , who left after the summer term of 2009 .
in the may bumps , the clare 1st viii rose to take the headship in 1941 which it held until 1944 and gained it again in 1949 .
double headship has yet to be repeated by any college in the summer eights competition , although the competitive years since 2003 has seen both men 's and women 's boats remain within striking distance of the head of the river .
third trinity nearly always did better in the may bumps than the lent bumps , achieving the headship of the may bumps on 9 occasions including holding it for 6 consecutive years between 1901 and 1906 .
on 30 january 2009 d. martin lloyd stepped down from his position as headmaster of the school , after 19 years in the role , in order to take up his current position as manager of the national professional qualification for headship .
however , headship rights were extremely unstable because branch families often asserted their own independence , particularly as new generations emerged to dilute the ties of kinship ( mass 1989:119 ) .
according to the arbc , they are " a group of free , self - governing churches holding steadfastly to the great doctrines of grace always held by baptists , and acknowledging the sole authority of the word of god and the headship of christ . "
he retired from the family headship in 1819 , and was succeeded by his son sadanaga .
the headship of the house is usually associated today with franz , duke of bavaria of the house of wittelsbach , the senior heir - general of james ii & vii 's sister henrietta anna , duchess of orléans .
adopted by matsudaira katahiro of aizu , katataka succeeded to the family headship , receiving the court title of " higo no kami " .
in the years after sakamoto tarō , the indefinite term for headship has been revised -- three - year terms from 1962 - 1971 , and two - year terms since that time .
the use of the title was resented by the emperor henry iii and pope victor ii in 1055 as implying a claim to the headship of christendom and as a usurpation of the roman empire .
francesca von habsburg - lothringen ( born 7 june 1958 ) is an art collector and the wife of karl habsburg - lothringen heir to the headship of the house of habsburg - lorraine .
the school had its first form 1 intake in 1991 and the first upper 6 class graduated in 1995 under the headship of paul revell , along with marcus chibisa and ron montague as his deputies .
in many cathedrals , the temporal duties of the archdeacons made it impossible for them to fulfil those of the provostship , and the headship of the chapter thus fell to the dean .
brian duffy was a highly respected deputy headmaster for much of father forester 's headship .
in scotland in some cases the plain unquartered coat is the more prized , as entitlement to its use can indicate who is chief of the name and arms and holds the headship of a clan .
as bishop of amphipolis , osborne was appointed assistant bishop within the ecumenical patriarchate 's archdiocese of parishes of the russian tradition in western europe ( i.e. the ' exarchate ' ) , under the headship of archbishop gabriel of comana .
prince amedeo of belgium , archduke of austria - este ( born 21 february 1986 ) is a member of the belgian royal family and heir to the headship of the ducal family of modena .
following his death in 1960 , the headship of the house became disputed between prince ranieri , duke of castro and infante alfonso and has remained disputed into the 2000s .
nagamasa ruled kaijū until retirement in late 1659 , when he yielded headship to his eldest son nagasada .
the first headmaster was sidney chapman who occupied the headship from 1947 to 1966 .
the headship of the imperial family is inherited by the eldest male descendant of mohammad ali shah .
in 1997 the centre was merged with the departments of economics , accounting and finance to form the school of business and economics under the headship of martin timbrell .
duffy 's main argument is that the seventeenth - century " book of clanranald " relayed a tradition that domhnall had been invited by the irish at tara to come " to take the headship of the western isles and the greater part of the gaels " .
women bumped , and to take the headship for the first ever time .
delgado is the sixth president , and at 36 , the youngest to assume the headship of npc .
both men 's and women 's 1st viiis ceded the headship of torpids in 2008 by being bumped ; the positions remained unchanged in 2007 as torpids were cancelled .
he succeeded to family headship upon his father 's death ; however , he continued his father 's draconian rule of the takatō domain .
in 1590 , under the headship of yoshishige 's son satake yoshinobu , the satake clan pledged fealty to toyotomi hideyoshi during the siege of odawara .
first known as inuchiyomaru , he inherited family headship in 1745 , following the death of his father yoshinori .
the headship of the school has since passed on to the laity and is headed by a principal .
in 1984 , when singer was about to retire from the headship of the dept at swansea university , he formed an r&d company -- sprayforming developments ltd.
the school opened in 2006 on the site of the former hillside school with dr. dena coleman assuming her fourth headship .
however , the canadian monarchy only operates separately within each jurisdiction , remaining as a unitary institution above , and linking , all the governmental spheres , with the headship of state being a part of neither the federal nor provincial jurisdictions .
virginia randolph ellett , who had relinquished her headship some years before , continued to teach and live at the school until her death on april 9 , 1939 in her home built on campus .
as he was not the eldest son , he was ineligible to inherit the family headship directly from his father .
he studied law , and succedeed to the headship of the house of löwenstein - wertheim - rosenberg and the title of prince ( " fürst " ) in 1849 .
at the time of his grandfather prince wolrad 's death on 15 june 1962 , alexander was unlikely to succeed to the headship of the princely house .
his father retired in 1822 , passing family headship to nariyasu ( who first took the adult name of toshiyasu ( 利康 ) ) ; however , narinaga retained control of domain affairs until his death in 1824 .
in 1859 , he became an ordinary member of the ordnance department of the academy with the adoption of the headship of the commission for mathematical questions according to ordnance and experiments related to ballistics .
national professional qualification for headship .
he succeeded to the family headship at age seven ; consequently , his father assisted with the administration of the domain .
he was the son of hoshina masasada , but was dispossessed of family headship due to his father 's adoption of an outside heir .
the school opened on 8 january 1812 under the headship of john fennell as first master and with an initial roll of twenty seven pupils .
a year later , he was offered the headship of his old oxford college .
the headship of the school was taken over by a new director , rev. fr .
as a federal monarchy , the canadian crown is unitary throughout all jurisdictions in the country , with the headship of state being a part of all equally .
an important figure in the bakumatsu period , he eventually retired the hitotsubashi headship in favor of his son satomichi .
he is also the heir to the prerogatives of nicholas romanov , prince of russia a claimant to headship of the imperial house of russia .
sir ulick burke , and edmond albanach burke were his cousins and refused edmond the right to the headship of the burke clan .
after assuming the throne , badan singh ( 1722–56 ad ) consolidated the headship of the tribe and thereby became the virtual founder of the jat house at bharatpur .
he retired from family headship in 1872 , in favor of his adopted son naotaka .
the family headship was succeeded by his son yasunobu .
the strongest or last man standing after the bloody contest will take over the birthright and the headship of the tribe . "
the family headship was passed on to his son matsukura katsuie , however , as katsuie continued his father 's draconian measures , the peasants and masterless samurai within the domain revolted , igniting the shimabara rebellion .
it was a roman forgery , claiming for the church of peter the succession to a part of the headship of the church of james .
a later poem made to john of islay ( 1434–1503 ) , last of the macdonald lords of the isles , proclaims " ceannas ghàidheal do chlainn cholla , còir fhògradh , " ( " the headship of the gael to the family of colla , it is right to proclaim it " ) , giving macdonald 's genealogy back to colla uais .
at age 11 , due to the death of his father , he inherited the family headship , becoming 10th generation lord of nihonmatsu han .
prince andreas succeeded to the headship on his father 's death on 23 january 1998 .
he is the son of armin leopold ernst bruno heinrich willa august prince of lippe and traute becker and the heir to the headship of the house of lippe .
he saw action against the takeda clan in 1582 , and succeeded to family headship in the same year , following the death of his father .
next to him came john parenti , the first successor of francis in the headship of the order .
due to the founding of the deutsche kirchen in the course of the year 1933 , especially the meeting at the berlin sports palace , the book addressed the themes posed by national socialism : führer - headship , obedience - principle , jewdom , and the race question .
tsunamoto succeeded to the family headship following the death of his father at the battle of hitodoribashi in 1585 .
the boat club is successful too , with the women 's first boat gaining headship of the river in the 2004 lent bumps and retaining it in 2005 .
men started from head station , and rowed - over to retain the headship for the 9th time since 1998 , and 6th consecutive year .
prince amedeo of savoy , duke of aosta , ( given names : " amedeo umberto costantino giorgio paolo elena maria fiorenzo zvonimiro " ; born 27 september 1943 ) is a claimant to the headship of the house of savoy , the family which ruled italy from 1861 to 1946 , as well as the heir to the short - lived kingdom of croatia during world war ii with the name " zvonimir ii " .
the college progressed well under the headship of hayes with the percentage of year 11 pupils gaining 5 a * - c gcses rising from 19% in summer 1990 to nearly 50% in summer 1995 .
bumped on the first day to take the headship for the first time .
his father , katsu kokichi , the subject of the autobiography , musui 's story , was the ill - behaved head of a minor " samurai " family , who was forced to abdicate the headship of his family to rintarō / kaishū when the latter was only 15 .
naokatsu succeeded to family headship following his father 's death in 1602 .
the gkt men 's 1st viii has held the bumps headship for the past 4 years running and , in 2009 , the gkt mens ' , womens ' and alumni crews won 7 of the 8 bumps classes .
there is no evidence of any practice that would point to the use of " chief of clan " , or " chieftain of branch of clan " , as correct heraldic descriptions of headship of an armigerous family .
in may 1999 she was appointed to lead the development of the national professional qualification for headship ( npqh ) now a mandatory qualification for all new headteachers in england .
charles and elizabeth ann malden were the last of five generations of malden heads from 1837 - their joint headship alone lasted nearly 40 years ( 1957 to 1994 ) .
however the school 's foundation is deemed to be during the following year in 1896 under the headship of mrs caroline ferris .
naritaka was the fourth son of matsudaira yasuchika , the fifth generation lord of tsuyama ; however , his brother yasuharu succeeded to family headship first .
though he never claimed the headship of the imperial house himself in 1937 he said in an interview that his renunciation " did not meet the requirements of brazilian law , there was no prior consultation with the nation , there was none of the necessary protocol that is required for acts of this nature and , furthermore , it was not a hereditary renunciation . "
after his death his son prince pedro gastão assumed the headship of the petrópolis branch of the imperial house of brazil .
one succeeds to the headship of a house , by killing the current master and taking his medallion ( this is okasa 's objective throughout the series ) , but there are presumably less violent methods of succession as well .
rowed over to retain their headship gained in 2008 despite determined attacks from on the friday and saturday .
under his headship eton introduced a zero - tolerance policy on illegal drugs , backed up by random testing .
according to theologian steven tracy , " the concept of male headship first entered the church through the apostle paul ( 1 cor .
shigemichi yielded headship to his half - brother harunaga in 1771 , and died in 1786 at age 46 .
uniquely , the anglo - saxon church had institutions that consisted of male and female monasteries , located together but segregated , and in these the female abbot had the headship of the institution .
since that point the school has been under the headship of dr richard maloney .
girton are yet to take a men 's headship , indeed the highest the 1st men 's viii have been is 11th in the lent bumps in 1997 and 21st in the may bumps in 2001 .
he is the current heir apparent to the headship of the house of bourbon - parma .
the college is responsible for the national professional qualification for headship ( npqh ) , which became mandatory for all new headteachers in spring 2009 .
as the years passed on with his brother 's succession to headship and the birth of the tokugawa , nobunari primarily acted as the former 's page , but ascended to a greater means of ranking after supporting in the 1565 assault against mikawa monk rioters .
prince christian ludwig of prussia ( born may 16 , 1986 ) is the second in line for the headship of the house of hohenzollern .
as a journalist and a publicist springer advocated the federal union of the states ruled by the austrian emperor , and asserted the right of prussia to the headship of germany ; during the crimean war he favored the emancipation of the small states in the south - east of europe from turkish supremacy .
" chantal " françoise marie camille de chevron - villette ( born 10 january 1925 in le cannet - des - maures , var , france ; died 24 may 2005 in suresnes , hauts - de - seine , france ) was the wife of prince ferdinand of bourbon - two sicilies , duke of castro , claimant to the headship of the house of bourbon - two sicilies .
thornbury grammar school was relocated to new buildings on the outskirts of neighbouring alveston in 1972 and was renamed marlwood grammar school under the headship of terry fazey .
after the siege of osaka , tokugawa ieyasu rewarded naokatsu 's younger brother naotaka with the ii family headship , and allowed naokatsu to form a branch family with holdings at the fief of annaka in kōzuke province , worth some 30,000-koku .
emmanuel women bumped newnham and held off a two - day challenge from caius to take their first headship since 1999 .
mr paul taylor succeeded mrs gwen randall , after 15 years ' headship , in september 2009 .
with its headship in the men 's 2006 lent bumps , caius joined an elite group of clubs finishing head in 5 consecutive years ( subsequently matched in the men 's 2006 may bumps ) .
at age 22 , following his marriage to the daughter of the previous shigetomi lord , tadakimi , he inherited family headship .
the prime ministerial office was updated to a headship of state , called president of the republic , in august 1921 .
while earning a university degree between 1409 and 1417 , bullock gained several benefices in scotland , and claimed the headship of st andrews cathedral priory before becoming bishop of ross in 1418 .
the national professional qualification for headship ( or npqh ) is a professional qualification required by law in the uk for all new school head teachers .
women bumped and to take their first ever women 's headship .
much later , in some circumstances , succession of chieftainship , headship of the clan , changed into primogeniture .
upon his return to headship , he changed his name yoshinori ( 吉品 ) .
the direct descendant of oniniwa tsunamoto , takamoto succeeded to family headship at age 5 , following the death of his father masumoto .
had they not been excluded from the succession , they would have inherited the headship of the house in 1912 .
badan singh ( 1722 – 1756 ad ) after assuming the throne consolidated the headship of the tribe and thereby became the virtual founder of the jat house at bharatpur .
after the russian revolution of 1917 and the deaths of tsar nicholas ii and his brother michael , cyril assumed the headship of the imperial family of russia and later the title " emperor and autocrat of all the russias " .
an important development , in 1920 , was the separation of pupil and teacher - training sections , which became known as the practising school , under betty calmeyer , as principal , and the training school under the continuing headship of teychenné .
amari was a " shukurō " , or clan elder , following shingen 's accession to family headship and was one of takeda shingen 's twenty - four generals .
john calvin believed in the doctrine of original sin as well as the doctrine of headship ( federal head ) , found in .
this is contrary to initial predictions which showed a huge expected increase in permanent headship vacancies up to 2010 and beyond .
with only occasional years where the 1st viii dropped into the 2nd division , the club eventually rose to take the headship in 1968 , but lost it the following year ( dropping four places ) and declined into the 2nd division by 1980 .
this was the first time since 1994 that there was no change in either the men 's or women 's headship .
nagatsugu was succeeded by naganao 's elder brother nagatake in 1674 , and after nagatake 's retirement in 1686 , his nephew naganari succeeded to the family headship .
mrs. vyfhuis was offered headship of the combined schools in 1875 .
in 2003 , pembroke became the first college to win the " double headship trophy " for having both men 's and women 's eights head the river .
he succeeded to family headship upon tadasaka 's retirement in 1843 .
imagawa ujizane succeeded to family headship after yoshimoto 's death , but the imagawa clan fell from power .
in october 1870 , when the union of germany under prussian headship became a practical question , delbrück was chosen to go on a mission to the south german states , and contributed greatly to the agreements concluded at versailles in november .
prince " ferdinando " maria andrea alfonso marcus of bourbon - two sicilies , duke of castro ( 28 may 1926 - 20 march 2008 ) was a claimant to the headship of the house of bourbon - two sicilies .
under his rule and that of lucy wright ( 1760–1821 ) , who shared the headship with him during his lifetime and then for twenty - five years ruled alone , the organization of the shakers and , particularly , a rigid communalism ( religious communism ) , began .
after nobuyasu 's execution by order of oda nobunaga , ogimaru would have been the next in line to inherit the tokugawa headship ; however , as part of the peace negotiations following the battle of komaki - nagakute , he was given in adoption ( in reality as a hostage ) to hashiba hideyoshi .
however , during the last year , under the new headship of lesley kirby and her leadership team , the school 's overall examination results have improved by 12% , meeting ofsted targets and lifting the school above government 's floor targets for 5 a * - c. a subsequent ofsted re - visit showed that the school and its pupils , described as a capable student body , were satisfactorily on course to achieving further improvement .
he was the deputy head of westminster school for four years before taking up the headship at birkdale .
the women 's 1st viii quickly rose to take the headship of the lent bumps in 1979 and 1981 , but since have hovered largely in the bottom half of the 1st division .
in 1953 the first eight finished 53rd on the thames and held the headship in the town bumps ( see below for more bumps detail ) .
women also rowed over every day to retain their headship .
this was quickly followed by coxing trinity hall bc to the headship in the may bumps .
with the advent of the muromachi period , the post of kawachi " shugo " fell to one of the three " kanrei " , of the hatakeyama clan ; hatakeyama mitsuie and hatakeyama mochikuni continued this , making what should have been a dynasty of sorts , but in dispute over mochikuni ’s family headship , the adopted hatakeyama masanaga and the begotten hatakeyama yoshinari quarreled , and as kawachi became the background for that feud , it fell to waste .
the old amesburians club , which moore founded in the early years of his headship , also decided in 1905 that a prize should be given to ‘ the best fellow in the school’ – this was to be known as the moore prize , which is still awarded today to the head boy and the head girl .
it remained in the top-10 until the 1960s , and returned to form in the early 1970s , taking the headship of the lent bumps again in 1973 .
when a. luke went on leave , o’ connor who later became mrs g. gough , was given the headship in 1922 .
as school uniform is not worn by sixth - form students , who follow an office attire dress code , they do not generally wear these ties ; they may however wear ties that signify colours , monitorship , or headship of house .
emmanuel women bumped trinity hall and jesus to take their 10th headship of the lent bumps since 1988 .
in 1870 , he yielded this position to his adoptive brother date muneatsu , but retained family headship .
however , his reforms were largely unsuccessful , and so he yielded headship to his son , the reformer mizuno tadakuni , and retired .
arnold 's appointment to the headship of the renowned rugby school in 1828 , after some years as a tutor , turned the school 's fortunes around , and his force of character and religious zeal enabled him to turn it into a model followed by the other public schools , exercising an unprecedented influence on the educational system of the country .
the proscription meant that the headship was now restricted to its homes and adjacent areas and they were banned from attending public gatherings .
this killing may have opened congal 's way to becoming king of the ulaid , but it also brought domnall mac áedo of the cenél conaill , congal 's nemesis , to the headship of the northern uí néill .
complementarianism holds that " god has created men and women equal in their essential dignity and human personhood , but different and complementary in function with male headship in the home and in the church . "
before taking up the headship of great barr school in 1984 , sherratt was headmaster and warden of kirk hallam school and community centre , ( now kirk hallam community technology college ) , ilkeston , derbyshire .
if a wife were childless the husband often kept a concubine , whose offspring succeeded to the headship of the family , thus securing its continuation .
each of them is presided over by a patriarch , who holds office at the discretion of the government , but is elected by the community and is the recognised intermediary between the two , combining in his own person the headship of a voluntary " rayah " association and the status of an ottoman official .
for this reason of non - proof of headship , macduff is still armigerous .
soon after nobuhide 's death in 1662 , hidesada became concerned about nobunaga 's erratic behavior , and secretly supported oda nobuyuki , nobunaga 's brother , as successor to the family headship .
after william 's death , fulk assumed the title of margrave , indicating headship of the dynasty .
prince " ranieri " maria gaetano , duke of castro ( 3 december 1883 - 13 january 1973 ) was a claimant to the headship of the house of bourbon - two sicilies .
in 2006 oriel claimed the first ever double headship in torpids , rowing over as head of the river in both the men 's and women 's first divisions .
he succeeded to the headship on the death of his father on 6 march 1954 .
tanistry as the system of succession left the headship open to the ambitious .
since 1993 , under the headship of kathryn winrow , the has expanded in numbers .
mr b. c. boden moved with the children from the headship of the church of england school on the green to be headmaster of the new school .
the year 2009 marked the fiftieth anniversary of sakya trizin ’s headship of the sakya order .
a fresh diet of courses and innovations were rolled out during robin plummer ’s headship .
jean christophe was born in saint - raphaël , var the son of prince charles napoléon and princess béatrice of the two sicilies , the daughter of prince ferdinand , duke of castro , a former claimant to the headship of the royal house of bourbon - two sicilies .
friedrich ferdinand succeeded to the headship of the house of schleswig - holstein - sonderburg - glücksburg and title duke upon the death of his father on 27 november 1885 .
otho sackville - baggins : ( 2910–3012 ) though his father was a baggins , he inherited headship of the sackville family through his mother , camellia .
following katataka 's death in early 1852 , katamori succeeded to the family headship at age 18 .
he succeeded family headship at age 4 , and died at age 20 .
following the last failed attempt at adoption by the shogun , sadanobu was adopted by matsudaira sadakuni , head of one of the hisamatsu - matsudaira houses ( another tokugawa cadet branch ) , which ruled the shirakawa domain in southern ( mutsu province with an assessment of 110,000 " koku " ) , succeeding to headship in late 1783 following his stepfather 's protracted illness .
prince umberto of savoy - aosta ( born 7 march 2009 ) is the only male - line grandson of amedeo , 5th duke of aosta , and is in the line of succession to the disputed headship of the house of savoy , which occupied the italian throne until 1946 .
also rowed over to retain their headship gained in 2008 .
its headship went to honinbo shuei , and when he became also honinbo head , it was " de facto " merged into the honinbos .
until the early 1990s , under the headship of mr turbayne , the school was subject to much criticism , with a relatively bad reputation .
he was one of the best scholars of his day , and attained to the headship of his old school and college in 1753 and 1767 respectively .
as he has no sons , the current heir to the headship of the grand ducal house is his cousin prince wilhelm ernst of saxe - weimar - eisenach ( b. 1946 ) , followed by wilhelm ernst 's son prince georg konstantin ( b. 1977 )
the college has redesigned the qualification so that it now focuses solely on those who can demonstrate they are 12 to 18 months from headship and are committed to applying for posts immediately after graduating .
however , as naotaka retired in 1877 , sadayasu again assumed headship until 1882 .
was a son of akamatsu masamoto , succeeding to headship over the akamatsu clan by the late sengoku period of feudal japan .
he became heir to the headship of the house of württemberg after his older brother ludwig renounced his succession rights .
after standing unsuccessfully for the headship of the college in 1569 , he became chaplain to robert dudley , 1st earl of leicester , and received from him the livings of warley , in essex , and dennington in suffolk .
lady margaret men bumped jesus and first and third to take the headship for the tenth time .
prince burhaneddin cem efendi ( born february 2 , 1920 - died october 31 , 2008 in new york , usa ) was the heir apparent to the headship of the ottoman dynasty .
during the period of howard 's headship the school passed from proprietary ownership by howard and david w. gow , the founder 's son , into the control of a board of trustees as a non - profit institution .
good progress is being made , with an increase in the number of headship vacancies being permanently filled despite an increase in the number of retirements .
in the 16th century , the main matsudaira line experienced a meteoric rise to success during the headship of matsudaira motoyasu , who changed his name to tokugawa ieyasu and became the first tokugawa shogun .
the girls school has flourished over the years under the headship of mr johannes michael chingonzoh and sr yvonne .
