kapur also tentatively planned to helm a motion picture account of the life of the buddha , entitled " buddha " , but the plans were later dropped for unstated reasons .
after holding helm of the multinational corporation of westinghouse for many years , he retired at age 55 to the grand river ranch near kremmling , colorado , where he planned to spend years , if not the rest of his life , raising cattle and enjoying his ranch .
the next coach , lawrence " biff " jones , went 9–6–3 in his two seasons at the helm , but he is credited for reining in the athletic department 's administration , finances , and methods .
they were responsive to commands from the helm ; they turned quickly initially , but suffered from severe torque at a hard rudder .
failure in the qualification resulted in taylor resigning and terry venables took over the helm in 1994 .
the uruks are also shown to use crossbows at helm 's deep , though tolkien does not mention the weapon in the book .
allen was responsible for the matt helm series , " the silencers " ( 1966 ) , " murderers ' row " , " the ambushers " , ( 1967 ) and " the wrecking crew " ( 1969 ) .
however dan rooney , stopped short of guaranteeing that he and his son , would be able to stay at the helm of a team .
his brother - in - law , ben hardin helm would later serve as a brig .
during the reign of helm hammerhand , rohan was attacked by dunlendings from across the river isen .
the three soon formed a band called " the toys " with vocalist ty cobb at the helm .
in september 1998 , with goldsmith at the helm , " the ecologist " critically covered the alleged anti - environmental record of the multinational genetic engineering company monsanto company , including a broadside against genetically engineered foods written by charles , prince of wales .
it is only in recent times that helm has regained some of his popularity and respect , as people acknowledge that in the time of troubles he was doing what he had to .
edwin took the chair and remained at the helm until the end of 2005 when he was succeeded by his oldest daughter , geraldine allinson .
as 2007 continued , bornstein became the first choice left back for bob bradley , now at the helm of the national team .
bulldog tyranny " on " the lost anthology " and 3 other songs george later released as " the lynch that stole riffness " with robert mason taking the helm on vocals .
from 1986 - 88 , he won three consecutive american association championships while at the helm of the indianapolis indians , then montreal 's top affiliate .
in april 2007 , scott decided to step down as chairman of the schuylkill county tars and decided to take the helm of the state tars organization .
the early 1950 saw arthur rose at the helm as coach until 1952 , and then john hogan arrived from north melbourne in 1953 .
it saw the band returning to morrisound studios in tampa , fl with chris carroll at the helm with mixing duties being handled by toby wright ( slayer , korn , in flames , fear factory , etc … ) and the return old friend bill metoyer , who recorded the bands cd " warpath " , helping out with recording of the drums .
even after the deaths of mahlathini and several members of the makgona tsohle band , the three queens ( who are all grandmothers and are over sixty years old ) remain at the helm today and mangxola continues to be a part of the mahotella queens today .
in 2009 , the thrash metal band , hospital of death released an album called ' surge kill steal ' which featured a song called ' helm 's deep ' .
the arab league was established in 1945 with 7 founding states , with egypt at the helm , and today the league has 22 members .
another early influence on helm was the work of blues harmonica , guitarist and singer sonny boy williamson ii , who played blues and early r&b on the king biscuit time radio show on kffa in helena and performed regularly in marvell with blues guitarist robert jr. lockwood .
as frequently happens in hamilton 's books , however , helm is not sent to stalk holz directly .
large outboards are usually bolted to the transom ( or to a bracket bolted to the transom ) , and are linked to controls at the helm .
cobb himself took over managerial duties in 1921 , but during six years at the helm , his tigers never had a record better than 86–68 .
yusupov returned to saint petersburg in 1791 to accept the role of managing entertainment of the imperial court , which placed him at the helm of state theatre companies .
two hours later her opponent put her helm up and sailed off .
recent members include elysabeth grant ( also of ) on vocals and violin , bret helm ( of audra ) on vocals , acoustic guitar and bass , lisa feuer performs flute and vocals and michael laird ( of unto ashes ) on acoustic guitar , percussion and vocals .
this ranks him first at colgate in terms of total wins and he has achieved the best winning percentage ( .689 ) of any colgate coach with seven or more years at the helm of the raiders .
life is a carnival is a song written by rick danko , levon helm , and robbie robertson of the band .
during his 11 seasons at the helm , the fightin ' blue hens compiled a record of 49 - 16 - 2 with one national championship in 1946 which culminated in a win over rollins in the now defunct cigar bowl .
nicholaw is scheduled to helm a new musical called " robin and the 7 hoods " , based on the 1960s rat pack film , featuring songs by sammy cahn and james van heusen , and with a book by peter ackerman .
according to nebraska 's official athletics website , bearg fielded powerful team during his four years at the helm but " fans criticized him for not using strategy and deception , which eventually led to his resignation . "
not far from harbour , between abergele bay and great orme 's head off llandudno , at around noon , the ocean monarch was witnessed to put up its helm as if to return to port and then a flag of distress was raised .
as of 2009 , early planning for a new matt helm - based film was underway through dreamworks .
researchers such as thomas helm , harold w. mccormick , thomas b. allen , william young , jean campbell butler , and michael capuzzo generally agree with murphy and lucas .
after a month at the helm of " ub-46 " , bauer was promoted to " kapitänleutnant " .
national democratic front led by bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) , was in helm of economic affairs from 1998 - 2004 .
he also received the dragon - helm of telchar , a famed dwarven - smith of nogrod , at that time .
west ham lost to luton town in the semi - finals and , despite frequent displays of individual brilliance from ince , were relegated at the end of the season , a disappointment which cost manager john lyall his job after 15 years at the helm .
in 1959 , renowned plant breeder dioscoro l. umali took the helm at upca .
the post was created with the passing of the police act in 1857 , in response to calls for a full - time dedicated police officer to helm the police force in response to escalating cases of violent crime in singapore during that period .
as a type of helm , they largely appeared in the later 15th century , though there are earlier examples .
the songwriters continued to record songs in march at pentavarit studio in nashville , joined by guest vocalists amy grant , tobymac and leeland mooring , and with matt bronleewe and paul moak guiding the tracks at the production helm and andyhunt engineering .
they their first ep , " purge , " in 1994 , with nickleback producer dale penner ( nickelback ) at helm .
following humphrey 's departure from the label , dj pathaan took the helm and the label restyled itself as liquid sound .
during the years when the usccb had bishop skylstad at the helm , the conference was confronted by the prospect of amnesty international abandoning its neutral stance on the matter of abortion , and adoption of a policy of furthering abortion as an international human right in certain circumstances .
however , shim'tar 's upbringing and heritage as a champion within a city protected by a mystical barrier ( a tornadic magical sandstorm ) , her mysterious connection to hipoltya and wonder woman , due to her curly hair , skin colour and masked appearance , seem to be references to another character of pre crisis continuity nu'bia that also made her debut using an armour with a concealing helm .
with sven - göran eriksson eventually taking the helm and under increasing pressure for his place from the emerging and improving rio ferdinand , adams retired from international football before eriksson picked his first squad .
the ' well managed , emerging small business ' is now under the helm of a new ceo after the depature of illka tales in the top job , as well as a number of other redundancies .
they ’ve recorded with van morrison , peter gabriel , odetta , phoebe snow , willie nelson , roseanne cash , levon helm and joan osborne , and have gigged all over the world — including performing for president bill clinton .
she was on duty when the ueo was being threatened by a powerful psychic , known as the avatar , she was able to overcome the side effects caused by the " psychic battle " between smith and the avatar and keep control of the helm .
after 55 years played in several minor leagues , in 1999/2000 siena was again promoted to serie b. after a good season on 2000/2001 , the next season saw siena in serious troubles , and coach giuseppe papadopulo , first sacked but then recalled at the helm of the team , was able to save the team in the last day .
in his first year at the helm , greg took the club to the runners - up position .
black death is the second full - length released by the heavy metal band brocas helm .
rev. leavitt was caught up in the wave of religious ferment which swept new england , taking the helm of the splinter group founded by rev. fisk , later known as the third church of salem . "
often named the best general manager in nhl history , pollock led the canadiens to nine stanley cup championships in his 14 years at the helm of the team .
instrumental in her first season at the helm and first as a head coach , turner was also named co - coach of the year in the east division .
after 1992 , when itv lost the rights to top flight english football , helm was at least a regular voice of live football .
in 1946 , dyer 's first season at the helm of the cardinals , the redbirds defeated the brooklyn dodgers in a thrilling national league season that featured the first postseason playoff in baseball history , then bested the favored boston red sox in a seven - game world series .
orchids for the garden and frost - free greenhouse . christopher helm .
by the time the line was finished there were public calls from inside and outside the company for helm to resign , mostly because of his support for a proposed memphis branch of the railroad .
counsell 's first cousin once removed is nhler darren helm .
the band combines influences from traditional heavy metal bands such as iron maiden , brocas helm and judas priest , and english folk metal band skyclad .
director takashi yamazaki will helm the project for a planned december 2010 release .
because helm always blew a great horn before riding out to fight the beleaguering dunlendings , the keep was renamed hornburg .
above the shield and helm ( in the position technically know as the ' crest ' in heraldry ) more local industry representations are made by the inclusion of a fleece of wool ( suspended by a band ) and the iron centre of an old mill - stone ( known as a mill - rind ) .
the building was destroyed and the director carvalho was forced to resign , although later he was acquitted of blame and resumed the helm at the company from 1891 to 1897 .
one such is that the small island at its center was used by the kings helm for bathing and was connected to the palace by secret tunnel .
head of the agency borrowing matt helm , a man called somerset , wants matt to go into mexico and help trace a shipment of illegal arms , supposedly being smuggled to be supplied to mexican revolutionaries by the said millionaire horace hosmer cody .
" the terrorizers " was the eighteenth novel in the matt helm secret agent novel series by donald hamilton .
after the parliamentary elections in february 1925 , the crpp even with its whole executive team behind bars , and with only stjepan radić at its helm , crpp managed to win 67 parliamentary with at total of 532,872 votes .
thom jurek of allmusic wrote , " there is a notable difference in production style thanks to dire strait mark knopfler at the helm , softening the edges a bit and changing the focus to deville as a singer of fine pop ballads .
crociata was reportedly nominated on the recommendation of cei president angelo bagnasco , who took over the cei helm in 2007 .
his retirement near the end of the 1976 season , after winning 7 pennants and 4 world series titles over his career , cleared the way for an entirely different personality to take the helm of the dodgers .
during his seven years at the helm of the sjc , the court found that the death penalty violated the massachusetts constitution and broadened protections for women seeking abortions and for defendants ' rights against search and seizure .
at one point in the action , alms perceiving that suffren had put up his helm with a view of boarding the british chief , luffed his ship into the " very eye of the wind , " threw into the frenchman 's bows a raking broadside , and frustrated the enemy 's daring plan .
the grand rapids chicks , with woody english at the helm , faced their nemesis rockford peaches in the first round of the playoffs in a best - of - three series .
namely , the helm may be found in the arms of irish kennedys and o'kennedys , and the cross fitchee and chevron in the scottish families .
with boggs at the helm as ceo , huey 's would blossom into a chain of seven pubs in memphis .
théoden initially decides to fight saruman 's forces at the fords of the river isen , but upon hearing that those who defended that area have retreated to the fortress of helm 's deep , he decides to make his stand there .
" noekk " is a german progressive doom metal band that is a collaboration of two former empyrium members ( markus stock , a.k.a . ulf t. schwadorf , and thomas helm ) .
the native peoples were devastated by foreign diseases and the ruthlessness of the invaders , and this , coupled with the difficulties encountered on maztica backfiring against them , caused the church of helm to come under heavy criticism .
with aaron corp at the helm , the trojans struggled in a major upset loss , falling to the unranked huskies 16–13 while putting up the lowest number of passing yards for a usc team since carroll took over the program in 2001 .
the pilot bold at helm , cries , ' mates , strike now your sail ' ,
schenkel took the helm at the division following the february 2007 announcement of a new effort to adjust the execution of the fps mission and to improve fps 's administration and financial management .
at 0755 on the morning of december 7 , 1941 , " helm " had just turned into west loch in pearl harbor , en route to deperming buoys , when japanese carrier planes attacked the naval base .
the men were unsure of their fate and did not believe that there was any chance of survival as the orks continually breached the walls and battlements of helm ’s deep .
the a 's won only 58 games while losing 96 ( .377 ) in elliott 's only season at the helm .
today , he remains at the head coaching helm .
female rookie sensation shannon szabados came to the helm for eight games , earning 2 shutouts and an 7 - 1 record .
” helm ’s design was clear enough that hamilton recognized two on his approach to vincennes , one on a boat and one on the fort .
" the damagers " , published in 1993 , is a spy novel by donald hamilton , and the twenty - seventh volume of the adventures of government assassin matt helm .
in june 1993 , after nearly 22 years at the helm , mclean relinquished his position as manager , remaining as club chairman , having combined both roles since 1989 .
this , together with increasing criticism from the president precipitated the departure of osim after eight years at the helm .
trainer announced her candidacy on march 28 , 2000 and initially campaigned on " her record at the helm of ' one of the best - run , financially stable municipalities in ontario with no debt , more than $ 6 million in reserves and only one minor tax increase ' " .
for the first time since 1914 – nearly six decades – ibm would not have a watson at the helm .
kirkpatrick 's time at the helm of the declining organization was short , however , as william h. henry of indiana was chosen as a permanent executive secretary following the party 's may 1 - 3 , 1926 national convention held in pittsburgh .
following a tour with lyle lovett , jones enlisted david was to helm her idiosyncratic album of covers , " pop pop " , ranging from jazz and blues standards to tin pan alley to jimi hendrix 's " up from the skies " .
eager to act in any medium , he became a series lead in " valentine 's day " , " the name of the game " ( and its pilot tv - movie " fame is the name of the game " ) , and " matt helm " .
the hell gazette was first published in may 2008 , and a new editor took the helm in the summer of 2009 .
helm began his collegiate soccer career at the university of south florida .
pitts was again at the helm , and todd zeile ( then a springfield catcher ) won the most valuable player award ( which he shared with greg vaughn of the beloit brewers ) , hitting.292 with 25 home runs and a league leading 106 runs batted in .
during this period he travelled throughout the islamic world researching his first book , science , technology and development in the muslim world ( croom helm , 1977 ) .
in these cases kent 's form would resemble that of the costume he wore when he used the half - helm .
since taking the helm at tejari in 2005 , hijazi has managed to lead a semi - governmental one - product company into becoming a multi - product success story over the internet , with the launch of several online e - commerce initiatives and ventures that brought global recognition for the six - year - old company .
he took over as manager when joe gordon resigned after only one season at the helm .
at the helm of the highway is wisma tun sambathan , which stands tall over the rest of the structures in the area .
in 1995 , after her father , yang yuan - loong , was diagnosed with cancer , she returned to take the helm of esquel .
with austria at the helm , the falcons made their first - ever final four appearance since the format was introduced .
clarinetist bob helm ( yerba buena jazz band ) worked there regularly with the band up until his death in 2003 .
in 1997 , olley was brought in as deputy editor to help helm the now rather notorious relaunch of penthouse uk ( or " ph.uk " , as it was newly christened ) as a modern redefinition of the traditional adult magazine , partly via the vision of designers and face and vogue fashion photographers such as corrinne day [ 1 ] [ 2 ] , ian mckell and ben westwood garnered from olley 's formidable black book of contacts built through her previous editorships at fashion and fetish publications ; and from the sexual politics brought from the same .
the series was loosely based upon the literary character matt helm , who had been created and introduced by donald hamilton in his 1960 novel , " death of a citizen " ; he had also been played by dean martin in a series of spy comedy films in the late 1960s .
in 1989 braglia accepted his first managerial job , at the helm of amateur tuscan team bibbienese .
some egyptian born politicians were or are currently at the helm of major international organizations like boutros boutros - ghali of the united nations and mohamed elbaradei of the iaea .
before taking the helm of the pittsburgh 's mayor 's office kline was a state representative and in 1906 was elected to the state senate .
with mark goodman unavailable ( due to the fact he was n't a native of illinois [ he was a native of new york ] ) , kollmeyer took the helm , helped by jeanne sparrow and chicago radio personality bill lapp .
three turns of the main helm station equals one degree of rudder turn .
he then began the 1888 season as their manager , but the team started with a record of 10 - 29 , and owner / general manager mordecai davidson fired kelly and put himself at the helm in an attempt to stop the losing streak of which his team was in the middle .
it was written by paul kennerley and starred levon helm ( the band ) as jesse james , johnny cash as frank james , emmylou harris as zee james , charlie daniels as cole younger and albert lee as jim younger .
scott returned to the simpson - bruckheimer fold to helm the big - budget film " days of thunder " .
malmgren took the helm with zappi supervising him .
some of their famous images of bag end , orthanc , helm 's deep , the black gate , and john howe 's gandalf and the balrog made it into the film .
“ uganda mourns not only one of her esteemed traditional leaders but a national who put development and the welfare of the people of busoga at the helm of his reign , ” museveni added .
kruger is 107 - 46 since taking the helm at unlv in 2004 , with a 3 - 2 record in the ncaa tournament and a 1 - 2 record in the nit .
the springboks , with teichmann at the helm , were considered by many the greatest south african team in history .
in for the historic battle of leyte gulf , " helm " with rear admiral davison 's task group 38.4 turned her attention toward admiral kurita 's center force .
luciano and his fellow leaders placed the newly organized mafia at the helm of the national crime syndicate .
rowland was succeeded by nicholas j morrell who was at the helm until november 2000 when g edward haslem took over .
under the helm of ron zook , grossman decided to forego his final year of collegiate eligibility and declared for the nfl draft .
atop the shield sits the helm and crest .
clergy often refrain from displaying a helm or crest in their heraldic achievements .
after just a year at the helm , flemming left for germany and long - serving player gary stronach took the post of player - coach , leading the team to ninth place .
a helm graph , denoted " hn " is a graph obtained by attaching a single edge and node to each node of the outer circuit of a wheel graph " wn " .
as a coach , basile had in total two tenures at the helm of the argentina national football team , 1991 - 1994 and 2006 - 2008 .
this newer church had as its major focal point a substantial western tower with a " rhenish helm " and was largely constructed of ashlar .
theodor helm 's political comments seem " to be added almost reluctantly , even gratuitously , as if he were bowing to the wish of management . "
when hamilton took the fort , he allowed helm to take down " the continental flag " before raising the british flag .
during his one year at the helm the irish managed 8 wins and 2 losses .
appearances on npr , the grand ole opry , and levon helm 's midnight ramble , combined with festival performances and radio airplay have fueled the band 's popularity , eventually resulting in their album " low country suite " climbing into the top 20 on the billboard charts for americana music .
his most famous work is the complete renovation of " visión autónoma " , a sud - californian television program , on the brink of cancellation before he took the helm to turn it into the most watched program in the state .
the emperor wanted a like mind at the helm of imperial russia ’s second city and former capital .
five months later , day vacated his cabinet position to helm the united states peace commission formed to negotiate an end to the spanish - american war with spain .
the set was built on the foundations of the disassembled helm 's deep set .
the ships were described as good sea boats ; they had gentle motion and were very responsive to commands from the helm .
in his first season at the helm , the gcl twins went 35 - 21 , and finished second in the gulf coast league 's southern division to the gcl pirates .
guitarist geoff gayer was let go at the end of the trip and replaced by greg erba with whom the band lensed a video clip for with karpis maksudian at the helm once again .
sander zuidema , who has managed the band from the start , is to focus more on internet promotion , whilst a new manager maarten van der helm , bass - player of skik , is attracted in order to let the band take the next leap forward .
editors often do not serve for more than a year 's term at the helm of the review 's board .
in interviews with the chief artist responsible for creating the character ( found on the " silent hill 2 " bonus dvd ) it is stated that the initial thought process behind the pyramid shaped helm was to create an iconography of " pain " .
working with a handful of conspirators , lee manages to take the ship by the helm and override the clearance codes .
sessions with bob dylan ( mostly without helm ) and demo recordings close the disc .
kevin cusack and padraig burns returned to the helm on 30 october .
callahan made three key decisions while at the helm of the ncua : to deregulate saving and loan rates , to allow a credit union to serve multiple ‘
she appeared in the matt helm spy spoof " the wrecking crew " ( 1969 ) with dean martin .
they also declared a new stable with both of them at the helm called the new blood .
the new screw sloop - of - war departed delaware bay on 27 july 1859 for the pacific , with jordan collins at the helm .
wulf took edoras , and besieged the rohirrim at the hornburg in the refuge which would later be called helm 's deep .
the 2008 kansas city chiefs season was the franchise 's 49th season , and third with head coach herman edwards at the helm .
alas , even after algeria became independent , some algerians themselves , with president benbella at the helm perpetuated this barbaric practice against his jail companions .
she is back in switzerland in 1989 and takes the helm of the unit of study of allergies at the cantonal hospital .
but he , too , was on the alert ; and just as the union vessel was to override him , dodged the blow by a quick turn of the helm and ran ashore ,
some of his most famous films concern the plight of women in german society , including " the joyless street " ( 1925 ) with greta garbo and asta nielsen , " geheimnisse einer seele " ( 1926 ) with lili damita , " the loves of jeanne ney " ( 1927 ) with brigitte helm , " pandora 's box " ( 1928 ) , and " diary of a lost girl " ( 1929 ) , the last two starring american actress louise brooks .
helm also won 19 medals at the icf canoe sprint world championships with ten golds ( k-1 1000 m : 1978 , 1979 , 1981 , 1982 , 1983 ; k-2 500 m : 1978 , k-4 500 m : 1983 , k-4 1000 m : 1978 , 1979 , 1981 ) , six silvers ( k-1 1000 m : 1977 , k-2 500 m : 1979 , k-4 500 m : 1982 , k-4 1000 m : 1975 , 1982 , 1983 ) , and three bronzes ( k-1 1000 m : 1975 , k-2 1000 m : 1974 , k-4 500 m : 1981 ) .
bill rexford finished third , sam rice 's chevrolet was fourth with relief driver glenn dunnanway at the helm .
helm called up the vincennes militia and the garrison under lt .
the h16 has two trapeze wires either side to allow both the helm and crew to trapeze . "
during the event known as 52 , a voice from within the helm of doctor fate speaks to ralph dibny and promises to fulfill his desires if he makes certain sacrifices .
this was accompanied by sharp public discussions about russian goals in this conflict : slavophiles , led by dostoevsky , saw in the impending war the chance to unite all orthodox nations under russia 's helm , thus fulfilling what they believed was the historic mission of russia , while their opponents , westerners , led by turgenev , denied the importance of religion and believed that russian goals should not be defense of orthodoxy but liberation of bulgaria .
during the establishment of republic , there were two sections of the elite group at the helm of the discussions for the future ; which they had the firsthand experience of ottoman reforms which were implemented beginning from the last quarter of the 19th century .
only two months after leaving the helm of montenegro national team he assumed the coaching job in romanian club fc ceahlăul piatra neamţ until the end of the season to try and save the club from relegation .
at the helm of ends , he built a strong reputation , the independent 's obituary describing him as " a consummate environmental journalist . "
some criticized helm for writing to pander to the political views of his audience and thus for writing contradictory reviews of a given performance .
roger waters performed the pink floyd album " the wall " just north of potsdamer platz on 21 july 1990 , with guests including bon jovi , scorpions , bryan adams , sinéad o'connor , thomas dolby , joni mitchell , marianne faithfull , levon helm , rick danko and van morrison .
rt first began broadcasting in september 1 , 1976 ( it returned 32 years later ) under the helm of emilio remedios tuason , who also became one of the deejays ( his on - air name was " et " ) , until personal problems forced his retirement from the station in 1987 .
with richard hallett at the helm as editor , the site publishes regular articles covering the latest product releases and events , comparison buyer ’s guides and articles from well - known industry writers on subjects such as fitness , training and bike maintenance .
the social democrats were coming from a clear defeat in portuguese legislative election , 1995 , and their former leader , aníbal cavaco silva , who had left the office of prime minister after ten years at the helm , lost by 400,000 votes to the mayor of lisbon , jorge sampaio .
anatoly byshovets replaced at the helm and yury semin returned to lokomotiv as a president .
on the nights when host jim sharky was unable to be at the helm of " the lone shark " , producer sean haffner had two options –- either host the program himself ( which he did n’t enjoy ) , or have the station broadcast a repeat episode .
richard d. vine , editor , " soviet - east european relations as a problem for the west " , london , new york , croom helm , 1987 .
in his first season at the helm in rochester , cliburn guided the wings to a 79–64 record and came within one game of winning the governors ' cup , the championship of the international league .
ceorl was exhausted ; his helm was dented , his shield was cloven , and his sword was notched .
the midvalley shrimp were found in pools averaging 10.1 centimeters ( 4.0 inches ) deep ( helm 1998 ) .
gamper was subsequently club president on five separate occasions between 1908 and 1925 and spent 25 years at the helm .
the arrival of jesualdo ferreira at the helm of porto signalled the turning point in alves ' career .
after the australian maritime safety authority inspected the ship and declared it seaworthy it left brisbane in april 2009 with a new captain at the helm .
no sooner had he given the order , he got a reply that the ship would n’t answer to the helm .
nevertheless , she continued to tour and party with helm , rick danko and manuel through the 1960s .
he is best known for his long - running matt helm series ( 1960 - 1993 ) , which chronicles the adventures of an undercover counter - agent / assassin working for a secret american government agency .
meanwhile " stier " had been fatally damaged ; unable to make headway , and not responding to the helm , gerlach made the decision to abandon ship and scuttle her .
uss helm ( dd-388 ) .
the magazine was succeeded by " geek monthly " , with bond at the helm .
the new crest on top of the helm was the dove of the 1901 design , with the addition of sprigs of lavender , for the old lavender fields of the area , and lavender hill , the main road of battersea .
terwilliger " briefly took the helm of the justice department as acting attorney general after the departure of former attorney general william barr in 1993 . "
powell has four children - two daughters with his wife , sarah helm , and two sons from a previous marriage .
mariner fans embraced piniella , and he would helm the team from through , winning two american league manager of the year awards along the way .
after the local success of trepanation and the band 's signing to american recordings in 2000 , the band moved to los angeles to begin work on their first major label album with producer rick rubin at the helm , living and recording at the infamous rubin - owned houdini mansion . "
bond films of the 1970s , by contrast , adopted the style and setpieces of helm films while also mostly ignoring the plot elements of fleming 's original books .
in the beginning of the novel , cody is arrested by somerset 's people and helm takes his place with a make up job that he thinks will fool noone and it does n't .
savage has asserted : " we 're getting ready for the communist takeover of america with a noncitizen at the helm . "
what is certain is that there is a cave system running under the village from helm to the river although the precise route is not known .
with clarkson at the helm , the hawks made solid progress , and instituted a culture of discipline at the club .
the closest came in the mid-1960s , with fritz ( august 's son ) at the helm and virgil exner as the stylist , using the chassis of a 1966 imperial and a chrysler engine .
lily collins - helm ( faith and hope dever , uncredited ) is the baby gabrielle and carlos adopted for a short while in season two , from stripper libby .
he resigned after less than two seasons at the helm after failing to get the canaries anywhere near the promotion and playoff places that the club had long been hoping for .
most recently presented by ryan tubridy , the show has previously been presented by gay byrne and pat kenny during their tenures at the helm .
jim higgins edited the line after helfer 's departure , and heidi macdonald briefly took the helm in 2000 at the time of the line 's final three ' big books , ' none of which ever saw publication .
theodor otto helm was born april 9 , 1843 in vienna austria .
in 1944 she had a small role in roberto rodríguez 's comedy , " ¡ viva mi desgracia ! " as a jailer woman at the fair and further smaller roles that year including " el abanico de lady windermere " , under the helm of juan josé ortega and fernando fuentes 's " el rey se divierte " .
helm published an autobiography entitled "
clingo , however , stepped down in november 2008 with former doughboy manager and chairman martin potton taking over the helm with the club in extreme danger of going out of business due to the lack of sponsorship from local businesses .
in 1902 , john brown took the helm , becoming the youngest college president in the nation .
however , by wearing the helm túrin revealed his identity to morgoth , who sent therefore a host of orcs against amon rûdh two years later .
major regulatory bodies such as the federal communications commission , the nuclear regulatory commission , the american bar association , and the united states department of transportation have had university of florida alumni at the helm in the modern era .
crest : [ upon a helm on a wreath of the colours ] a bull statant or with wings addorsed lined argent the head forequarters hoofs and tuft of the tail of the first the hindquarters of the second armed gules about the head a nimbus gold
helm crag is generally rough , with particular features being high and low raven crags on the eastern side and white crag on the southern extremity .
it features rté personality gay byrne , who introduces some of the comedy highlights from his thirty - seven years at the helm of the long - running television series , " the late late show " .
in the summer of 1968 , tate began her next film , " the wrecking crew " ( 1969 ) , a comedy in which she played freya carlson , an accident - prone spy , who was also a romantic interest for star dean martin , playing matt helm .
gibbs ' system and offensive scheme were robust enough to be successful without a hall - of - fame - caliber quarterback at the helm .
it should not be confused with the word " das steuer " , which means " steering " or " helm " .
1979 would turn out to be the last season with rainsberger at the helm , as he was replaced with jim dickey in 1978 .
helm with other networks .
the siege of helm 's forces in the deep lasted through the long winter ; their supplies were low and they were desperate .
andrea manzo started his coaching career in 2000 , being appointed at the helm of serie c2 team sandonà .
he has performed onstage with bill monroe , peter rowan , vassar clements , rick danko and levon helm .
pichler and mark ruiz won the synchronized platform final at the fina - usa diving grand prix in may 2000 scored 301.26 points , ahead of 298.50 for australians mathew helm and robert newbery .
pileggi decided to contact scorsese about taking the helm of the project which would become known as " casino " .
mynewplace was founded by john helm in 2005 , and went live at www.mynewplace.com in may 2006 with 6 million apartment listings nationwide .
since his emergence as a performer , his songs have been covered by various well - known artists , including joan baez , the pretenders , the proclaimers , eddi reader , the highwaymen , waylon jennings , levon helm , emmylou harris , percy sledge and johnny cash .
it was their first domestic trophy under the management of rafael benítez , who had been appointed two years earlier and won the european cup in his first season at the helm .
in addition to the reform of financial and academic administration through devolution , he was at the helm during the institutional amalgamations and consolidations , which he believed would be of real academic benefit .
established as the edinburgh rocks in 1998 by a consortium of businessmen , the team debuted at meadowbank arena under the helm of american coach jim brandon .
after much internal fighting and a short stint under the helm of future sex pistols manager malcolm mclaren , nolan left the dolls together with johnny thunders in the spring of 1975 .
maybe a presidential system [ that ] allows a single individual to embody the aspirations of a party in a way that parliamentary structures do n’t permit , but what are the chances of a ground - level referendum generating a dalit or muslim contender at the helm of affairs of either party , even if s / he was fitted out with all the qualifications of an obama ?
" ghost story " is an ep released by the power metal band brocas helm .
duncan stayed at the helm through the 1947 season winning two league titles and one world title .
the chandler unified school district school board accepted ken james , former mesa school district executive director of educational services , as the new principal who took the helm on july 1 , 2008 .
in the years that followed bird ’s retirement , christopher newhouse , a biology teacher , took up the helm of leading the team while administrative and training duties largely fell into the hands of student leaders of the organization .
but rumours are rife that síle will be taking the helm of the afternoon show for the rest of the series as bláthnaid and sheana have still not resolved their differences .
the film was the third of four produced in the late 1960s starring martin as secret agent matt helm .
at his death in the year 2000 , his role was inherited by his successor at the helm of dasu , hassan ismail abdelazim .
with young at the helm , the 49ers led the league in total points scored ( 505 ) and helped them earn a league best 13 - 3 regular season record .
his first football league match at the helm ended in a goalless draw with chesterfield the following month .
margaret tighe retired from rtla leadership in early january 2009 , after nearly thirty years at the helm of the organisation , and marcel white is her successor
he was recalled to france in 1716 , and bienville again took the helm as governor , serving the office for less than a year until the new governor , jean - michel de lepinay , arrived from france .
it has a wide helm .
after the activision buy - out and a split from harmonix , who went on to develop competing game " rock band " , redoctane utilized activision owned neversoft , the team responsible for the tony hawk skateboarding video game franchise , to take the helm on ' , which became available in november 2007 .
for its launch party in 1977 , a tall ship " peking " was rented from the south street seaport museum in new york 's east harbor , and writer truman capote sat at the helm of the ship at the party .
moisture in the ambient air condenses to form the helm bar – a stationary handle of thin cloud running along and outwards from the edge of the summit ( see picture gallery below ) .
with blosser at the helm , the bobcats earned 18 mac titles , the first in 1951 behind future pga champion dow finsterwald .
shock change at the helm of the team , after 21 years , has caused the death the following spring , on april 13 , 1969 .
despite failing his health , helm made a vigorous canvass of the state and won the general election .
his 19 seasons at the helm of spartan football are still the longest of any head coach in the program 's history .
