93rd ( sutherland highlanders ) regiment of foot .
the 79th ( the queen 's own cameron highlanders ) regiment of foot was raised from among the members of the clan in 1793 by sir alan cameron of erracht ( 1753 - 1828 ) .
highlanders were a very proud people , proud of their pure air , pure water ( artesian aquifer ) , fine homes , good schools and high morals .
about one - third of the highlanders were killed in the fighting , and dundee died in the battle .
having been listed by the japanese rugby union as being unaffiliated to a club , on 5 may 2008 the south wales argus quoted new newport gwent dragons signing tom willis as " looking forward to joining forces with his compatriots and former highlanders team - mates , including james arlidge , in dragons colours next season . " .
glengarry county ( scottish gaelic : " siorrachd gleanna garadh " ) , an area covering , is a historic county in the canadian province of ontario , and is historically known for its settlement of scottish highlanders due to the highland clearances .
his victoria cross is displayed at the gordon highlanders museum , aberdeen , scotland .
local history tells of 15th century tax collectors sent repeatedly to glenshee , probably by the oppressive earl of atholl , to collect ever - increasing tax from the highlanders " in whatever manner they deemed most effective " , usually at the point of a sword .
c hockey team , the fergus highlanders minor hockey association , the fergus thistles minor lacrosse association , and the fergus flippers aquatic club .
the calgary highlanders were to follow up with a more successful action , and their carrier platoon succeeded in taking the rail station at korteven .
graham was a 24 year old lieutenant in the 9th battalion , the argyll and sutherland highlanders ( princess louise 's ) , attached to 136 company , machine gun corps during the first world war when he performed a deed for which he was awarded the victoria cross .
on july 25 , the calgary highlanders attempted assaults on may - sur - orne and bourguebus ridge .
there is also a very small minority of gorals ( slovak : " gorali " ; literally highlanders ) .
the bulk of " our southern highlanders " is based on observations kephart made while at hazel creek ( 1904 - 1907 ) , although several chapters added in 1922 were based on events that occurred later when kephart lived in bryson city .
their numbers were subsequently augmented by a body of highlanders under brigadier macintosh , who formed a junction with them at kelso .
on 7 june 1944 , eighteen captured canadian soldiers of the north nova scotia highlanders and the 27th canadian armoured regiment ( sherbrooke fusilier regiment ) were taken to the abbey and killed by members of the 12th ss panzer division .
the successful operation involved british troops from the parachute regiment and the argyll and sutherland highlanders ( 5 scots ) and afghan national army and danish troops , backed up by british artillery and apache helicopters .
the rude ways of the highlanders were often scorned , but their toughness also called forth a degree of admiration among " hard " primitivists , just that of the spartans and the germans had done in antiquity .
it was first formed in 1759 and in 1881 became the 1st battalion , argyll and sutherland highlanders .
mitchell made his super 12 debut in 2004 , playing for the queensland reds against the otago highlanders .
he was educated at harrow school and was commissioned into the militia battalion of the queen 's own cameron highlanders in 1899 .
in 1944 , slim joined the british indian army 6th gurkha rifles and was transferred to the argyll and sutherland highlanders in 1948 .
he was at the university of moscow from 1878 to 1887 , where he studied legal institutions of caucasian highlanders .
yankees " is a synonym for " americans " , and the nickname " yankees " was also being used as early as 1904 , but early on they were known mostly as " highlanders " .
after two more seasons , the american leaguers moved a few blocks east and south into the rebuilt polo grounds to sub - lease from the giants , and the nickname highlanders was dropped as the team was now strictly " the yankees " .
like the high school their official colors are navy blue and gold and " highlanders " has been adopted as the official school nickname .
these were the glory years for the highlanders when they were consistently competitive .
the teams that formed the nucleus of the szsl were black chiefs , callies , portuguese , old miltonians and highlanders ( all from byo . ) , black horrors ( plumtree ) , ramblers ( gwanda ) , and go beer rovers ( gwelo ) .
these scottish settlers were the founders of dunedin — known as the " edinburgh of the south " , and the city where the highlanders are based .
with all guns engaged , including the 4.7-inch naval gun commanded by captain ( rn ) bearcroft , the highlanders were given some respite from the boer small - arms fire , allowing some men to withdraw .
affiliate regiments in the commonwealth also wear this unique pattern of glengarry , including the calgary highlanders .
during the early 1700s , significant numbers of non - english seekers of greater religious and political freedom were allowed to settle within the british colonies , including protestant palatine germans displaced by french conquest , french huguenots disenfranchised by an end of religious tolerance , scotch - irish presbyterians , quakers who were often welsh , as well as presbyterian and catholic scottish highlanders seeking a new start after a series of unsuccessful revolts .
regiments such as the 79th new york infantry highlanders , originally formed in the 1850s , consisted completely of scottish immigrants before accepting irish , english and others into its ranks during the early years of the war .
his ferocious measures having failed to suppress the conventicles in scotland , be summoned to his aid in 1677 a band of highlanders , who were sent into the western country .
the new york highlanders season saw the team finishing with a total of 76 wins and 76 losses , coming in 6th in the american league .
mkhuphali masuku ( born march 28 , 1980 in gwanda ) is an zimbabwean football player who is currently playing for highlanders fc .
when the government forces entered the town the highlanders were drawn up under arms in the market - place ready to surrender .
in june , the highlanders were part of the expedition to james island and took part in the battle of secessionville , where brigadier general henry w. benham , who was in temporary command of the brigade , ordered a bloody and foolhardy assault on the confederate positions . instructed not to undertake any offensive operations benham , over the objections of his division commanders , ordered a futile attack on confederate general n. g. " shanks " evans .
general macpherson advancing his 92nd highlanders and 2nd gurkhas met determined resistance .
“ our hessians and our brave highlanders gave no quarter , ” wrote a british officer , “ and it was a fine sight to see with what alacrity they despatched the rebels with their bayonets , after we surrounded them so they could not resist . ”
shortly after this " rhyl " was dispatched to tanzania with the staffordshire regiment company to quell riots in the tanzanian army , " owen " collected a company of gordon highlanders to replace them .
was killed by a german sniper during the first world war at the battle of the somme , while three of his uncles were killed in france with the cameron highlanders .
walker concealed bek 's heritage , claiming that he was the child of a distant relative of the highlanders .
in 1921 wimberley served as the assistant adjutant of the cameron highlanders stationed at queenstown during the irish war of independence .
on july 13 , 1977 , he was appointed honourary lieutenant colonel of the calgary highlanders , remaining in that position into 1981 .
he did not take a degree at cambridge , but was gazetted in 1876 and joined 74th highlanders in 1877 .
in 1913 , he was commissioned as a major in the 50th battalion ( gordon highlanders ) militia , where he was third in command under lieutenant - colonel arthur currie .
canada ( from 1862 ) has its own black watch , being raised as the 5th battalion of the canadian militia , being renamed by 1914 as the 5th regiment ( royal highlanders of canada ) .
its advantage was that it allowed the highlanders to cover the range of the enemy muskets quickly , before the enemy could inflict many casualties .
in 1999 , taine had an excellent domestic season playing for and captaining the otago highlanders whom he led to an 8 - 3 regular season record and subsequently to the 1999 super 12 final of the super 14 where they lost to the canterbury crusaders in a closely fought match 24 - 19 .
the 72nd highlanders and the 2nd sikh infantry in the van .
the argyll & sutherland highlanders .
lhps highlanders .
after playing two seasons with the highlanders in the major leagues , thomas moved to the tigers in 1908 and served as backup catcher to boss schmidt .
he represented the new zealand schoolboys and played for new zealand 's otago highlanders in the super 14 before signing a three year deal with guinness premiership team london irish .
he was about 36 years old , and a lance - sergeant in the 42nd regiment ( later the black watch royal highlanders ) , british army during the first ashanti expedition when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the vc .
brigadier - general in the cartagena expedition of 1741 , and major - general a little later , he distinguished himself by his gallant and successful defence of stirling castle against the highlanders in 1745 .
the first kearny highlanders are the heirs of a military tradition that stretches back more than fifteen centuries — a history unmatched by any other inner sphere regiment currently in service .
she is also interested in life of the carpathian highlanders , their traditions , customs , beliefs .
the highlanders narrowly lost to the hurricanes in napier 35–33 before defeating the brumbies at carisbrook on 20 april .
originally founded in 1872 as the 79th shefford and brome regiment ( highlanders ) , it was an amalgamated with 52nd regiment ( brome light infantry ) in 1901 under the 79th 's name and then converted to cavalry in 1904 under its current name .
private craig o’donnell , 24 , b company of the argyll and sutherland highlanders , 5th battalion the royal regiment of scotland died in a suicide bomb attack on the snatch land rover he was travelling in on monday 4 september 2006 .
he later represented the canterbury crusaders in the super 12 competition and in late 2005 , he represented the otago highlanders in the super 14 competition .
bonner was born and raised in vancouver , and served with the seaforth highlanders in italy in the second world war .
less than 100 m behind this barrage , the 48th highlanders would advance across the ortona – orsogna lateral road .
ali muhammad khan ( bf.1706 - september 15 , 1748 ) was a rohilla ( pashtun highlanders ) chief who founded the pathan ( pashtun ) state of rohilkhand in the northwestern region of the uttar pradesh state of india .
another wave of mass emigration came in 1792 , known as the " year of the sheep " to scottish highlanders .
kronfeld remained a first choice player for otago , the highlanders and the all blacks until 2000 .
the argyll and sutherland highlanders was an infantry regiment of the british army , part of the scottish division .
the crusaders won 17–16 to record to first loss for the highlanders at carisbrook since the 1999 final — which was also lost to the crusaders .
until the 1950s , this pastoral life remained largely undisturbed by the highlanders , who intensely disliked the hot and humid lowland climate and feared malaria .
in order to win the pennant , the highlanders needed to win both games .
the regimental pipes and drums of the calgary highlanders claim to be the second longest recurring musical act in the parade , with appearances dating back to the 1920s .
the highlanders finished the season eighth on the table , and third out of the five new zealand teams .
argyll 's right wing attacked , and managed to drive the highlanders back , but whetham 's soldiers were overpowered by a much larger force .
august harris fisher ( october 21 , 1885 to april 8 , 1972 ) , was a major league baseball catcher who played in and with the cleveland naps and the new york highlanders .
the battle of walcheren causeway was an engagement of the battle of the scheldt between the 5th canadian infantry brigade , elements of the british 52nd ( lowland ) infantry division , notably the glasgow highlanders , and troops of the german 15th army in 1944 .
graeme 's family were highlanders who lived in bleak conditions in scotland , where initiation of the young men of the village included being dunked in porridge .
after breaking his leg in 2003 ( while playing for the highlanders against the blues ( super rugby franchise ) williams has got his rugby career back on track , first playing for canterbury in 2006 , then playing for the crusaders .
lhps highlanders is the name used to represent the athletic teams fielded by lake highland preparatory school , a private school in orlando , florida .
the sappers were now continually employed in destroying persian batteries , making roads , landing stages and huts in the unhealthy climate and so could not be spared for the sortie to ahvaz , where the royal navy and forces from the 64th foot and 78th highlanders attacked the persian force .
the royalist rising of the highlanders and lowlanders although having various successes in skirmishes against cromwell was not enough and ended by the fall of 1654 .
sixty of the highlanders were transferred to " lynch " and taken to plymouth , the remainder and the sailors were divided between " lee " and " warren " , which then escorted " anne " toward marblehead , outrunning the british frigate " milford " to safety .
he transferred to the 5th seaforth highlanders on 13 october 1944 .
he served with the argyll and sutherland highlanders , earning the rank of captain .
it was led by the south saskatchewan regiment , with supporting units from the cameron highlanders .
they dubbed her " kralica e malësorevet " - the " queen of the highlanders . "
some of the irish infantry , scottish highlanders , brought to ireland by alasdair maccolla , managed to charge and break through jones’ men and escape into a nearby bog , where the english cavalry could not follow .
oglethorpe ordered the highlanders to land at " barnwell 's bluff " , but later moved the settlement about 1 mile farther up - river , probably due to the periodic flooding of the bluff and its proximity to the marsh , something attributable to malarial outbreaks in this time period
the black watch was formed as part of the childers reforms in 1881 when the royal highland regiment ( the black watch ) was amalgamated with the 73rd ( perthshire ) foot to form two battalions of the newly named black watch ( royal highlanders ) .
into the 20th century , relics of armor , weaponry and chain mail were still being used and passed down in such communities . russian serviceman and ethnographer arnold zisserman who spent 25 years ( 1842–67 ) in the caucasus , believed the exotic group of georgian highlanders were descendants of the last crusaders based on their customs , language , art and other evidence .
he was an opening day starter for the new york highlanders ( later the yankees ) during the first five years of the teams existence ( 1903 - 1907 ) .
this time , he was colonel of the 79th new york volunteers , known as the " cameron highlanders . "
he commanded the third line ( reserve ) at the battle of culloden , and was detached after the battle to pursue the highlanders .
the term " bakiga " could be translated as " highlanders " , and it was in the beginning most frequently used by the royal clan of the abungura , though at later time , they were mostly referred to by the outsiders , and rarely did the people themselves recognise it , as a whole tribe .
highlanders were forced into the british army to serve in the wider british empire .
the 48th highlanders regiment have a strong link with the congregation , and in march 2005 , to celebrate their 175th anniversary as a congregation , the moderator of the church of scotland , dr. alison elliot , was involved as their anniversary speaker .
perth highlanders has a strong presence in south east asia , in addition to local competition and events .
the independent companies , disbanded after the rising , had been revived by general george wade , and in 1739 the six companies were increased to ten and formed into a regular highland regiment 780 strong under his command -- famous in military history as the 42nd highlanders , royal highland regiment , or black watch .
kaseke started his career in highlanders fc in 1999 .
ever since its formation in 1891 , the 48th highlanders have had a longstanding tradition of participation in the life of its parent city , toronto .
the citizens of leah are referred to as ' highlanders ' due to this .
the modern descendant is the stormont , dundas and glengarry highlanders .
hartzell started his career with the st. louis browns ( now known as the baltimore orioles ) , and was later traded to the new york highlanders ( now new york yankees ) for two other players , jimmy austin and frank laporte .
these include the 25 field ambulance , the 48th highlanders of canada , the 7th toronto regiment royal canadian artillery , and the queen 's own rifles of canada .
many of the highlanders returned to their homes , but some remained .
the highlanders football team went 10 - 1 in the 2003 - 04 season , making it to the state semi - finals before losing to northern valley regional high school at demarest .
" i have never seen regular troops that equalled the highlanders in soldierly bearing and appearance , " commented general sherman on the 79th 's performance .
smith donated his vc to the seaforth highlanders in his will .
fischer prefers to speak of " borderers " ( referring to the historically war - torn england - scotland border ) as the population ancestral to the " backcountry " " cultural stream " ( one of the four major and persistent cultural streams he identifies in american history ) and notes the borderers were not purely celtic but also had substantial anglo - saxon and viking or scandinavian roots , and were quite different from celtic - speaking groups like the scottish highlanders or irish ( that is , gaelic - speaking and roman catholic ) .
the new york highlanders ' 1904 season , their second in new york and fourth overall , finished with the team in 2nd place in the american league with a record of 92 - 59 .
after the siege of delhi they moved onto the siege of lucknow and the capture of lucknow , when the captured the sikandar bagh with the 93rd highlanders .
scottish highlanders began to settle in the margaree valley at the beginning of the 19th century .
a small force of loyalist highlanders fell at the battle of moore 's creek bridge in 1776 .
however , at this high point , his army was reduced in size , as maccolla and the highlanders preferred to continue the war in the north against the campbells .
soon afterwards men of the clan campbell who formed part of loudon 's highlanders regiment helped to finally defeat the jacobites at the battle of culloden in 1746 .
he was not selected for the highlanders in 2007 despite having a good season with otago in the air new zealand cup .
former students include tv personality mike puru , highlanders utility back matt saunders , and tv three news journalist clifford joiner .
although the highlanders went undefeated at home for a second consecutive season , the they finished fifth with six wins that season .
in 1901 , following officer training at the royal military college , sandhurst , macewen was commissioned into the argyll and sutherland highlanders .
he was commissioned a second lieutenant in the 8th battalion of the gordon highlanders in 1914 .
queen 's own highlanders ( seaforth and camerons ) .
the highlanders are made of three groups .
when the boats , loaded with the first wave of british troops , were challenged , a french - speaking officer , either a captain fraser or captain donald mcdonald of the 78th fraser highlanders , was able to answer the challenge in excellent french , allaying suspicion .
on 2 june 1861 , the cameron highlanders , 895 men strong , complete with pipe band , marched down broadway on its way to washington .
gilbert banda ( born 30 may 1983 in bulawayo ) is an zimbabwean football player who is currently playing for highlanders fc .
there may have been a religious element in these forced removals since many highlanders were roman catholic .
he was 20 years old , and a private in the 1/6th battalion , the gordon highlanders , british army during the first world war when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the vc .
northwind highlanders .
the highlanders decided to wage a battle against the " young turk " regime lead by the infamous leader himself , shefqet turgut pasha .
montrose lined his army up in only two lines deep to avoid being out flanked , placing his 600 highlanders in the centre with the irish on the flanks , the right being commanded by maccolla .
at the same time , he was offered command of the newly formed 50th regiment ( gordon highlanders of canada ) as lieutenant - colonel , and the cost of the new uniforms and mess bills only added to his financial problems .
attack of calgary highlanders .
he currently plays for the gordon highlanders in the shute shield .
the venue hosts regular international cricket matches , as well as several highlanders rugby games , trade shows , exhibitions , seminars and concerts .
on 27 august 1979 sixteen members of the parachute regiment and two members of the queen 's own highlanders were killed at warrenpoint in northern ireland by two roadside bombs planted by the provisional ira .
he was an untiring supporter of the interests of the highlanders , and his name respected throughout the north and west of scotland .
on 13 april 1719 , keith 's men disembarked near lochalsh , although the highlanders did not join in the expected numbers .
tennant distinguished himself during the battle for doetinchem where the highlanders fought to clear the city between 1 and 3 april 1945 .
members of the seaforth highlanders of canada since 1953 have been able to volunteer for overseas and domestic operations as individual augmentees .
during the german occupation of poland in world war ii attempts to divide the polish nation by the new rulers led to the postulation of a separate ethnicity called " goralenvolk ' " . derived from the polish word " górale " ( " the highlanders " ) , it designated the population of the region of podhale in southern poland near the slovakian border .
working as a printer in celista , british columbia , thomson enlisted in 1914 , serving in the 30th battalion of the canadian expeditionary force and the 48th highlanders of canada .
in june 1903 , with elberfeld hitting.341 for the tigers , he was traded to the new york highlanders for herman long and ernie courtney .
now playing on the harlem river , a far cry from their high - altitude home , the name " highlanders " no longer applied , and fell into disuse among the press .
on their return to washington , the highlanders were employed in building defences around the capital , helping to construct dozens of forts and batteries plus 20 miles of trenches .
the duna ( and other highlanders in new guinea ) says modjeska , substituted pigs for humans and began to exchange pigs to compensate for losses of humans in warfare , or in marriage and deaths from natural causes ( disease ) .
the imperialists retired having lost over a thousand men , while the highlanders lost nearly two hundred .
the highlanders won the match when they pinned charlie haas who was teamed with viscera .
john frank lelivelt ( november 14 , 1885 in chicago , illinois – january 20 , 1941 in seattle , washington ) was an american outfielder who played for the washington senators , new york highlanders , new york yankees and cleveland naps .
the queen 's own cameron highlanders of canada served with distinction in world war i , providing 5 battalions in the canadian expeditionary force ( the 16th , 27th , 43rd , 174th and 179th ) .
when the first world war broke out he joined the 43rd battalion ( cameron highlanders of canada ) canadian expeditionary force as a private .
davie fulton served in the second world war with the canadian army overseas as platoon and company commander with seaforth highlanders of canada , and as deputy assistant adjutant - general with the 1st canadian infantry division in the italian and northwestern europe campaigns .
during his career , he played for the new york highlanders ( 1905–1913 ) , chicago white sox ( 1913–1914 ) , buffalo blues ( 1914–1915 ) , cincinnati reds ( 1916–1918 ) , and new york giants ( 1919 ) .
the highlanders who came to collect the supplies , also stole some horses and abused george ’s servants .
he also served in world war i as a captain with the 48th highlanders , then in world war ii as a major with the canadian armoured corps .
in 13 career games , he had six hits , all of the for the highlanders , and a.250 batting average .
according to the highlanders official website : " the name and image of the highlander conjures up visions of fierce independence , pride in one 's roots , loyalty , strength , kinship , honesty , and hard work . "
educated at wellington college , peter hunt was commissioned into the queen 's own cameron highlanders .
the podhale dialect ( ) refers to the language spoken by the gorals , or the highlanders living in the tatra mountains .
early on 19 july , the calgary highlanders seized point 67 , directly north of verrières ridge , and the following morning the royal highland regiment of canada crossed the orne river and secured the flanks of the advance .
collins played for the new york highlanders in and the washington senators in .
in 1881,the regiment became 1st battalion seaforth highlanders ( ross - shire buffs , the duke of albany 's ) .
the 78th highlanders were the first to reach the enemy in the southern sector next to the river kailna .
" note : the honors in capitals represent the honors that currently appear on the nova scotia highlanders regimental colors . "
1st battalion , 77th armor regiment is redesignated 5 march 2008 at fort bliss , texas as part of the 4th brigade " highlanders " , 1st armored division
the company took over a defensive position from the seaforth highlanders of canada , three miles ( 5 km ) north of ortona , from the 15th to the 27th of february 1944 .
the highlanders ' warriors welcome their leader rodrigo ( chorus : " qual rapido torrente " ) .
leota currently plays for manawatu turbos in the air new zealand cup and was drafted to the otago highlanders for the super 14 .
at the outbreak of world war ii , peter enlisted in the reserve army and reported for basic training duty with the calgary highlanders at sarcee camp .
having obtained a commission in the army in august 1794 , he served with the 78th highlanders at the cape of good hope , taking part in the capture of cape town and of the dutch fleet in saldanha bay in 1796 .
his victoria cross is displayed at the gordon highlanders museum , aberdeen , scotland .
unable to put down the rebellion , governor lyttelton appealed to jeffrey amherst , who sent archibald montgomery with an army of 1,200 british regulars and scots highlanders .
he retired from the 74th highlanders as a captain in 1872 .
works such as rebecca harding davis 's " life in the iron mills " ( 1861 ) , emma bell miles ' " the spirit of the mountains " ( 1905 ) , and horace kephart 's " our southern highlanders " ( 1913 ) marked a shift in the region 's literature from local color to realism .
his victoria cross is displayed at the regimental museum of queens own highlanders , fort george , inverness - shire , scotland .
as the ppcli secured and held their bridgehead over the moro river , the seaforth highlanders were struggling to enter san leonardo .
the highlanders were transferred to " lynch " and taken to plymouth , massachusetts .
and the begging lineage of the black watch ( royal highlanders regiment ) of canada .
in one of the villages , the highlanders caught around 140 men , women and children .
the 78th fraser highlanders wore both the great kilt ( feileadh mor ) and the little kilt ( feileadh beag ) .
for the second year in a row they finished the regular season second to spokane shadow , but the playoffs were a different story - a 1 - 0 win over seattle bigfoot in the divisional semi - finals was followed by a resounding 4 - 1 win over okanagan challenge in the divisional final , and although they lost 4 - 2 to eventual national champions san gabriel valley highlanders in the regional final , the performance was indicative that yakima were beginning to grow into a regional powerhouse .
the brahuis had now gained what highlanders must always covet , good cultivable lands ; and , by the wisdom of muhabbat khan and of his brother nasir khan , certain tracts were distributed among the tribesmen on the condition of finding so many men - at - arms for the khan 's body of irregular troops .
the power of the daleks " was the first and last such reconstruction to be released : a mooted release in this form of the following story , " the highlanders " , did not go ahead , due to poor sales of the initial release .
as the rest of the british heavy cavalry advanced against the french infantry , just after 1:30 p.m. , lieutenant - colonel hamilton witnessed pack 's brigade beginning to crumble , and the 92nd highlanders falling back in disorder .
in december 1990 young was granted a short service volunteer commission in his affiliated regiment the queen 's own highlanders ( seaforth and camerons ) , serving in the headquarters of 1st armoured division ( united kingdom ) throughout operation granby in saudi arabia , iraq and kuwait .
fitzgerald played for the new york highlanders in and the philadelphia phillies .
he joined in 1932 and rose through the ranks to become head of the calgary highlanders .
the seaforth highlanders of canada .
from their creation in 1910 until 1935 the seaforth highlanders of canada paraded at the beatty street drill hall with the duke of connaught ’s own rifles .
james loch acting for the countess of sutherland solved the problem of finding kilts by borrowing army uniforms for the sutherland highlanders .
a star pitcher with the national league ’s chicago colts in the 1890s , griffith jumped to the al in 1901 and became a successful manager with the chicago white sox and new york highlanders .
highlanders .
on 7 june , ss - standartenführer kurt meyer 's ss - panzergrenadier - regiment 25 , along with the ii./abteilung from ss - obersturmbannführer max wünsche 's ss - panzer - regiment 12 , attacked the advancing 3rd canadian division , destroying 28 canadian tanks and annihilating a company of the north nova scotia highlanders for the loss of only six tanks , according to meyer 's recollection of the battle after the war .
by 1000 b.c. the inhabitants of the philippine archipelago had developed into four distinct kinds of peoples : tribal groups , such as the aetas , hanunoo , ilongots and the mangyan who depended on hunter - gathering and were concentrated in forests ; warrior societies , such as the isneg and kalingas who practiced social ranking and ritualized warfare and roamed the plains ; the petty plutocracy of the ifugao cordillera highlanders , who occupied the mountain ranges of luzon ; and the harbor principalities of the estuarine civilizations that grew along rivers and seashores while participating in trans - island maritime trade .
horace kephart ( 1862 - 1931 ) was an american travel writer and librarian , best known as the author of " our southern highlanders " , about his life in the great smoky mountains of western north carolina .
although the highlanders scored a try to isitolo maka with three minutes remaining , the crusaders won 24–19 .
that was the only game the highlanders won while smith was in the lineup .
considering that tartan trews were part of the highland wardrobe for chieftains and gentlemen whilst on horseback ( the large highland ponies ) from the early 1600s onward , it is more likely that the ' truibhas ' in the dance represent english - style plain trousers ( breeches ) , adopted under duress by highlanders following the ban on their native highland kilted dress effective from 1st august 1746 to its repeal on 1st july 1782 .
nicknamed the " highlanders , " their primary weapon system is the lav-25 and they fall under the command of the 1st marine division and the i marine expeditionary force . the unit is based out of the marine corps base camp pendleton , california .
this is true to life , as the gordon highlanders were very active on the north - west frontier during the british raj , and were , for a time , garrisoned at fort jamrud at the mouth of the khyber pass .
he made his debut for the highlanders team against the central cheetahs in the 2006 super 14 .
the 1997 was the least successful season ever for the highlanders .
the victory campaign had cost the calgary highlanders over 400 men killed , from a war establishment of just over 800 men .
during the night of 3/4 november , the last unit to move into its new position was the 1st cape town highlanders , who moved during a major artillery barrage in support of an attack by the 5th indian brigade .
the land was settled by scottish highlanders in the 1740s , and it saw action in both the revolutionary and civil wars .
he played for the chicago cubs , new york highlanders , detroit tigers and chicago white sox from 1903 to 1916 .
louis paul leroy [ " chief " ] ( february 18 , 1879 - october 10 , 1944 ) was a pitcher in major league baseball who played from through for the new york highlanders ( 1905 - 06 ) and boston red sox ( 1910 ) .
when the regiment was embodied in the citizen force in 1913 , the title was changed to " 6th infantry ( duke of connaught and strathearn 's own cape town highlanders ) " .
that year the highlanders also achieved a win over all four south african teams ; a grand slam that they had not achieved since 1998 .
the gorani , ( , meaning " highlanders " ) , are a balkan ethnic group , which inhabit the gora region , located at the triangle between albania , kosovo ( serbia ) and macedonia .
in 1940 , he enlisted in the prince edward island highlanders to fight in world war ii .
this is the place that the highlanders have been forced to settle in order to remain free .
highlanders in 1959 , the regiment remains an infantry unit in the highland tradition .
the timbers joined the pdl in 2009 , and played their first ever game on may 9 , 2009 , against fellow expansion franchise victoria highlanders .
later they also became known as the " rowland highlanders " . "
the units there included the black watch and the argyll and sutherland highlanders .
they were executed on 27 february 1902 by a firing squad of cameron highlanders , having been convicted of murdering civilian prisoners of war .
salzburgers , moravians , and highlanders .
in 1919 , the " empress of asia " returned to vancouver carrying the 72nd battalion , seaforth highlanders of the canadian expeditionary forces ( cef ) ; and the men disembarked from the ship at the cpr pier .
the pictou highlanders .
his victoria cross is displayed at the regimental museum of queens own highlanders , fort george , inverness - shire , scotland .
bradford served in the first world war as a colonel of the seaforth highlanders .
uniforms of the fraser highlanders .
at 0730 the 2nd argyll and sutherland highlanders also of the 227 ( highland ) infantry brigade , launched an attack aimed at capturing the odon crossing at tourmauville , northwest of the village of baron - sur - odon .
three victoria crosses were awarded to canadian army troops in italy ; captain paul triquet of the royal 22e régiment , private smokey smith of the seaforth highlanders of canada , and major john mahoney of the westminster regiment ( motor ) .
kenneth had served with the seaforth highlanders since 1893 , fighting in the chitral expedition in 1895 , in the mahdist war in the sudan in 1898 ( including the battle of omdurman ) , and in the second boer war from 1900 to 1902 .
harry sterling wolverton ( december 6 , 1873 – february 4 , 1937 ) , nicknamed " fighting harry " , was a third baseman who played for the chicago orphans , philadelphia phillies , washington senators , boston beaneaters , and new york highlanders .
they earned a shot at the world tag team titles by defeating paul london and brian kendrick and the highlanders in a wwe.com exclusive match after an alabama slam .
the gordon highlanders was the only army team to win the cup .
descendants of scottish immigrants to south africa raised the cape town highlanders in 1885 .
he is also a member of the 2010 highlanders .
during the first world war , broughton was used by the 185th cape breton highlanders as training ground .
the photo below shows rowley with other officers of the cameron highlanders of ottawa in england in 1942 .
the new cap badge depicted the figure of saint andrew holding in his arms a saltire ( saint andrew 's cross ) , enclosed by a wreath of thistles and leaves and across the lower part of the wreath , scrolls inscribed : queen 's own cameron highlanders of canada .
at its home stadium , baghdad , it has hosted a number of big teams in the country , including dynamos fc , and highlanders fc .
for example , witter field , home of the piedmont highlanders , was rebuilt over a period of years ( 1996–1999 ) , transforming it from the older facility to a newer and markedly improved one .
thomas adam anderson barstow of the seaforth highlanders and jane cape barstow .
trapped , without reinforcements , the highlanders were forced to retreat across open ground .
later with frank farrell , he bought the baltimore , maryland baseball team and moved it to new york and renamed it the highlanders .
" war diary , argyll and sutherland highlanders of canada " , april 14 , 1945 , pp . 10 - 11 .
dowd played for the new york highlanders in .
while the 38th battalion , cef prepared to sail to england and to the war , the 207th battalion , the other canadian expeditionary force unit integral to the wartime experience of the cameron highlanders of ottawa , was still in the recruiting and initial training stages back home in ottawa .
the highlanders were reduced to just two paid positions , with the remaining vacancies being filled by civilian and military volunteers .
he has written semi - autobiographical stories and anecdotes of his time with the gordon highlanders in the so - called " mcauslan " series .
" u " coy had by this time become part of the 4th battalion , the gordon highlanders and at the outbreak of the first world war was mobilised and sent to france ; the only university contingent to go .
85th nova scotia highlanders .
as the first of the fleeing highlanders approached inverness they were met with a battalion of frasers led by the master of lovat .
this story was the first purely historical adventure for the doctor — featuring no science fiction elements save for the tardis — since " the highlanders " , and it has been the last to date .
to dislodge him king robert used essentially the same tactics as that of brander in 1308 : while douglas and moray attacked from the front a party of highlanders scaled the cliffs on richmond 's flank and attacked from the rear .
he was commissioned into the gordon highlanders and did his national service from 1951 .
condemnation was widespread and the highlanders ' grievances were heard in the british house of commons .
there was also one minor change ; while the calgary highlanders were granted " arras , 1917 , ' 18 " as a battle honour , the 10th battalion 's honour read only " arras , 1917 . "
in 1776 both battalions of the 71st highlanders sailed to new york and took part in the american war of independence .
by the morning of 9 december , the rce had completed the bridge across the moro river , enabling the tanks of the king 's own calgary regiment ( calgary tanks ) to transport two companies of seaforth highlanders across the river into san leonardo .
norman mcleod , ( 17 september 1780 – 14 march 1866 ) , was a presbyterian minister from scotland who led a significant settlement of highlanders to nova scotia and finally to waipu , new zealand .
