the crew discover the remains of the previous planet express crew and ship in the hive , but leela insists that they press on , even though they find the black box , revealing the past crew 's grisly deaths(the previous captain seemed very similar to leela in wanting to prove the professor wrong ) .
he lived with his father ( his mother was killed ) and was recruited into hive due to his martial arts skills .
as the tyranids never communicate with non - tyranids , it is impossible to know whether these are actual individuals within the tyranid community , or are new species that are slowly being introduced into the forces of the hive mind , but the latter is more likely .
mr. jason shaw is the advisor for the " yellow jacket " and " live from the hive " .
however , kerrigan does not perish , and as the second chapter begins the player is charged by the zerg hive mind , the overmind , to protect a chrysalis it claims will be its greatest creation .
skills can be purchased from the store as well as the skill hive panel .
when the umbrella commando team shut down the red queen , it is discovered that all the former hive employees have been turned into zombies .
as an alien the player must defend the alien hive from human marines , then stow away on an evacuating spacecraft and reach the marines ' ship , the " ferarco " .
wolmi island , south korea — when american troops stormed this island more than half a century ago , it was a hive of communist trenches and pillboxes .
despite initial successes , ghazghkull 's advance was stymied at hades hive , and a desperate counter - attack by the blood angels broke up his army .
the bees retreat into their hive and pooh bear 's balloon deflates its last bit of air .
the hive can be seen in more detail on the enhanced cd features on " from chaos " and " evolver " .
mckay watches from the cloaked puddle jumper as the energy beam from the weapon successfully slices through and destroys one hive - ship .
dietrich later became the first victim of the aliens when her marine squad entered the hive ( atmosphere processing station ) .
it it clear the phoners have become a hive mind , and are developing psychic abilities .
hive shares elements of both tile - based games and board games .
the next pirate has a bee hive dropped on his head while the next is hit in the back by a cactus .
the bottom board supports the hive .
ash felt guilty about this and became determined to get his metapod back , finding it with a hive of kakuna .
they clean , defend , and repair the hive .
sweet bee is sent by the hive to scout for a new planet to colonise .
tim wakes the next morning to find that the ice - ants have eaten away the leather bag holding their flame - orchids , and all but one of them have been washed away into the depths of the subterranean ice - ant hive .
once verheiden is taken away , he sees an alien at the end of the room , and is dragged off to the hive .
langstroth revolutionized the beekeeping industry by using bee space in his top - opened hive .
since myria is no longer part of the collective hive mind of the auditors , susan suggests she change her name to unity - which she likes .
whether or not a sentient hive mind was something the scientists of thermogentech intended to create will never be known .
in 1947 , karl von frisch correlated the runs and turns of the dance to the distance and direction of the food source from the hive .
the other scientists are then heard voicing their intentions to reopen the hive .
in the hive , she announces the coming attack and is , totally unexpectedly , pardoned .
in 1963 osk established the japan emigration ship co. , ltd. ( jes ) to hive off this loss making business .
the thri - kreen society is very organized , and they have a strong hive mentality when in groups .
it has since released various other wolf eyes recordings as well as albums by kevin drumm , smegma , hive mind , nautical almanac , andrew wilkes - krier , hair police and , following a move to its current base in oberlin , ohio , emeralds and skin graft .
in 1848 , dzierzon introduced grooves into the hive ’s side walls replacing the strips of wood for hang top bars .
self - released under the moniker " hive 35 " , the cd was the band 's first to receive consistent national press and radio airplay .
the ground was about three quarters of a mile from where the bee hive ground afterwards existed .
the promiscuous can be motivated by money and rewards to sell ideas to a hive .
his classic book " the hive and honey - bee " was published in 1853 .
neither team can build structures , the marines do not have a commander , and aliens have only one hive .
their plan was to use the living drowned as human incubators for their larvae , this failed when the doctor reduced the hive to atoms .
they discover that the yrr are single - cell organisms that operate in groups ( or swarms , hence the novel 's title ) , controlled by a single hive - mind that may have existed for hundreds of millions of years .
the film provided the inspiration for frank herbert 's science fiction novel " hellstrom 's hive " .
while he is presumed dead , there was a cut scene where ripley sees him in the hive and he tells her that he can feel the alien moving and she gives him a grenade to cut his anguish short .
two of the three great third age cities were in the deepwoods : great glade and hive ( the city of riverrise was in the farther - off nightwoods ) .
wraith hive ships are one of the largest spacecraft in the " stargate " universe and the centers of wraith civilization .
reminiscent of several gehry designs , it appears at a gross level to consist of two major levels : a large base of twisted tower - sections packed together like the cells of a bee hive , with a second bundle of lesser diameter sitting on top of the first .
they are brought back to a wraith hive ship , where the hibernating wraith are being watched over by the " keeper " .
the main alternative , indie and rock nights are hosted at the hive , opium and studio 24 .
since this type of hive is not used in severe wintering conditions , the bees will be able to patrol and inspect the unused comb .
hive is the stage name of michael petrie ( born december 1974 ) , a san francisco - based dj , producer , and record label owner who has contributed to dozens of recordings in the drum and bass musical genre .
following the events of " speaker for the dead " , we find ender living as a member of a brazilian catholic human colony on lusitania , a unique planet inhabited by the only two known species of sentient alien life : the pequeninos " little ones " and the hive queen .
honeycomb structure looks like hexagon shapes of a hive .
one light howitzer section was caught in an enemy crossfire between a heavy machine gun and rifles , until the artillerymen managed to turn their lowered muzzle and pump bee hive flechettes into the enemy .
it is believed to take any kind of large , flying insect ; sometimes even hanging around bee - farms to pick off members of a hive .
they finally succeed , infiltrating the hive - ship and destroying the kreegan queen in combat .
the gosiodo chon almost killed attempts to reconnect to the hive , but is unable to .
" enemy at the gate " involves a wraith plan to significantly upgrade a hive ship by integrating it with stolen zero point modules from asurans , and picks up a weak transmission from earth from an alternate reality ( " vegas " ) , alerting the ship to earth 's location .
although conjoiners seem monolithic and even like a hive mind to outsiders , they each possess their own varied and distinct personalities and deep divisions of thought and opinion still persist amongst them .
the retrovirus can be deployed in gaseous form , which allows an entire hive ship to be affected .
other openings include beginning with a beetle or grasshopper ; depending on how the hive 's shape evolves , a beetle or grasshopper may be able to climb or jump out of its original position , when the bee , spider or ant would likely be trapped for the entire game in a similar situation .
however , kerrigan did not die on tarsonis but rather is captured by the zerg and taken to their hive colonies on char .
in may 2006 , they signed to hive records , and they released their next album , " beyond repair " , which received a positive review in igloo magazine .
" the hive " is a 2008 science fiction made - for - television film , directed by peter manus and written by t.s. cook .
the wraith prisoner convinces seven wraith hive ships to join the earth ships ' attack .
bison b.c. recorded their metal blade debut ' quiet earth ' with jesse gander ( 3 inches of blood , subhumans , mass grave , s.t.r.e.e.t.s. ) at the hive studios in burnaby , british columbia .
originally from africa , the first discovery of small hive beetles in the western hemisphere occurred in the us .
this is the third 311 album recorded in 311 's recording studio the hive in north hollywood , california .
they are a " synapse " creature and thus operate as the mind of the fleet , and are often carriers as well , able to pump out astounding amounts of living creatures ; since smaller tyranid spacecraft do not need to rearm and refuel ( they are essentially kamikaze troopers ) , the hive ships can send out a quite literally endless stream of craft .
soon , hive ships appear all over the galaxy , exacting a devastating toll on the pegasus human population .
workers must maintain the hive 's brood chamber at 34.4 degrees c to incubate the eggs .
however , swarms are typically benign , the individual bees are filled with honey , the swarm has no hive to defend and is focused on their task of finding a new location .
hive ( virtual environment ) .
this took the highest mob up to level 74 , the mob being the beholder hive master in the dark temple .
she is ordered by her superior officer general rykov to retrieve an artifact from an area known as " zeta site " which houses part of an alien hive as well as technology from an alien race ( the race of the " space jockey " found by the " nostromo " crew in " alien " ) .
skeps have two disadvantages : beekeepers can not inspect the interior for diseases and pests , and honey removal often results in the destruction of the entire hive .
during his long career , three new parasites of the honeybee , acarine mite , varroa mite and african small hive beetle were introduced to the usa .
all but todd are killed by the hive ship 's destruction ; todd is released by the atlantis team to attempt a dangerous cure using a queen iratus bug , which he survives .
the ships are also factories that produce the different races of tyranids that are sent down to the planet to gather resources for further expansion of the hive fleets .
clifden ( , meaning " bee - hive cell " ) is a town on the coast of county galway , ireland and being connemara 's largest town , it is often referred to as " the capital of connemara " .
earth was unable to dial out from the sgc when the wraith " super - hive " ship was in orbit around the moon with its own pegasus stargate ; the programming of the newer gates force it to take precedence over incoming wormholes to the older outdated stargates , and thus , disabled the earth gate at the sgc from dialing out .
there are hints that they are in fact a hive species , like bees , ants and naked mole rats , except for some hybrids from raids by humans .
like the european honey bee ( " apis mellifera " ) which provides most of australia 's commercially - produced honey , stingless bees have enlarged areas on their back legs for carrying pollen back to the hive .
without their desire for personal gain the colony loses the hive , thus concluding that without private vices there exists no public benefit .
the original excavation in 1923 found a large amount of rubble within that was probably the fallen remains of a corbelled , bee - hive shaped vault .
the randomiser was removed from the tardis and left on the planet argolis in " the leisure hive " .
list of non - hive group minds .
hive fleet kraken had divided its self into a large number of sub - fleets , of which two major groups were eventually halted at the battle of iyanden and the battle of ichar iv .
the leaders of the baktoid armor workshop sponsored a colonial effort , transporting an entire geonosian hive to hypori .
inside the hive , a top - secret genetic research facility owned by the umbrella corporation located deep beneath raccoon city , a lab technician tosses away a blue vial in a lab , exits , and seals the room .
the playing field was a hive of activity in the afternoon and absentees at games were unheard of .
several different types of abeil exist : : vassals serve as the workers and labourers for the hive .
this centre is now a storage area but in the aftermath of the sea empress disaster it became a hive of activity where many birds were showered and cleaned as best as possible .
tiwaz sends the trio on a mission ; they free the warriors three from the dangerous hive trolls .
granny is the first witch to successfully " borrow " the hive mind , since this involves splitting your mind over dozens of bees ( as opposed to borrowing the single mind of other animals ) .
situated on the waterfront , pencaster is a hive of activity , boasting a market square in the centre surrounded by shops , houses , a large train station , state of the art buildings and a boat jetty .
they are past enemies of the hive , the forces that opposed it in the trade war .
maia and leie are twins , non - clone var daughters of the " hive " of " lamatia , " a group of female clones that specialize in commercial import / export banking .
as this honey is moved up into the supers , the entire hive becomes contaminated with spores .
depestre created a weekly magazine with three friends : baker , alexis , and gerald bloncourt : the hive ( 1945 - 46 ) . “ one wanted to help the haitians to become aware of their capacity to renew the historical foundations of their identity ” ( quote from " le métier à métisser " ) .
their downfall begins when , in a moment of carelessness , the guardians of the hive allow it to be infiltrated by the death's - head hawkmoths - creatures that violate the laws of irony by actually being as deplorable as they look .
no drone in her hive , and every inhabitant full of work and public spirit ” .
rather than functioning as a centrally controlled " hive mind " , the than are a highly individualistic people .
the other set of limbs also function as arms , but their nature varies depending on the type of species used to create the genestealers , and the needs of the hive mind .
so when raynar became one of the hive , the jedi love of life was passed to all killiks , causing them to value and try to preserve life .
this enables the beekeeper to slide any frame out of the hive for inspection , without harming the bees or the comb , protecting the eggs , larvae and pupae contained within the cells .
the novel belongs to the hive series , which also includes the godwhale .
its harbour dates to 1817 and was a hive of commercial waterway activity until the more northern navigation to carrick on shannon was opened in 1850 .
what is a dead hive queen doing on a ship of the outward fleet ?
once the hive brain was freed , the oods ' song could be heard throughout the human empire , by ood and human alike .
however , in " subterranean hearts " , the evil sorcerer plotinas accidentally created a hive mind with a group of sewer dwelling trolls .
due to some unknown cosmic event , listed in " phases , " ants have undergone rapid evolution and developed a hive mind .
in creating characters such as go , satomi and their band " bee hive " , tada was inspired by successful bands of the time such as " the stalin " , " novela " , " primadonna " and " 44 magnum " .
" euconulus " is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family euconulidae , the hive snails .
when the hive body sits on the bottom board the provided opening is 14 11/16 by 3/4 inches ( 37.3 by 1.9 cm ) .
the final action against hive fleet behemoth occurred in orbit of the gas giant planet of circe .
because the formics have a hive mind that revolves around the queen , her death leaves the remaining formics under her command without the will to do anything and they eventually die .
its live animal exhibits include a hive of honeybees that is connected to the outdoors and a colony of leafcutter ants .
the term ' honeypot ' originates from bees buzzing around a hive .
he is killed by the licker as the group attempts to escape the hive via train .
zenith of the hive .
this is demonstrated in the " stargate atlantis " finale " enemy at the gate " , where a wraith super - hive brings a pegasus gate with them to earth , thereby intercepting any incoming travelers .
in third edition literature they are also extensively catalogued in the codex as the " norn " genus , with the various genetic strains encompassed as evolving from the hive fleets and the norn queen as well .
in may , 2005 elder sign press published " hive " , by tim curran .
the reporting staff have been described as " a hive of revolution and anti - establishment attitudes " .
the brood box is picked up using small hand holds cut into the external wall of the hive .
worker bees fan the hive , cooling it with evaporated water brought by water carriers .
" a andreniformis " nests in quiet forests , generally in darker areas where there is 25 to 30% of normal sunlight . the hive is usually made in branches of bamboo and banana plants , in shrubs , and in bushes such as coffee and tea .
the verghastite cap badge is an axe - rake to symbolise their former hive 's mining and industrial background .
their base of operations was the sanctorum of st. katherine in hive tempestora , which became the centre for ecclesiarchal activities on armageddon and thus , refuge of the faithful from invaders .
bidmead , who found working with tom baker " difficult to say the very least " , supposedly told baker and nathan - turner during recording of " the leisure hive " that exclamation marks would have been more appropriate for baker 's shirts .
once a feasible solution is found , each bee will return to the hive to perform a waggle dance .
she rescues newt from the hive in the processing station , where the two encounter the alien queen and her egg chamber .
" hacrochlamys lineolatus " is a species of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family euconulidae , the hive snails .
in " descent , part ii , " it is revealed to the " enterprise " crew that hugh 's individuality did spread throughout part of the collective , resulting in the " infected " ship being cut off from the hive mind .
by combining the dark elf and the hive armies , she massacres the underground city of the dwarves and undoes the stone gate which seals the underworld away from the land above .
the hive .
by the early 1890s the calumet coke works was enlarged and contained 225 bee - hive coke ovens .
" dancea rodriguezensis " is a species of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family euconulidae , the hive snails .
the individuals forming the hive may specialize in different functions , similarly to social insects .
this is principally due to the swarming bees ' lack of a hive to defend and their interest in finding a new nesting location for their queen .
" dancea " is a genus of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family euconulidae , the hive snails .
on bone cutter 's instruction sheet , the bio in which they live is called " northern madragar waste " instead of " the queen hive " as on dune stinger 's bio .
along with the rest of her kind , the hive queen is regarded as the second - discovered ramen species .
when a coven has grown too large to be manageable , it may split , or " hive " .
the first known use of the name canaan is dated november 15 , 1832 when edwards ayres advertised that he had opened the bee hive , a public house , 14 miles from canaan and 12 miles from madison .
these cells have been used to create a hive race of giant burning nanomachine - based robots called pyronanos .
the queen bee has a smooth sting and can , if need be , sting skin - bearing creatures multiple times , but the queen does not leave the hive under normal conditions .
batches of worker bees are short lived and are constantly being replaced by the next batch , so this kin selection is possibly a strategy to ensure the proper working of the hive .
they find that their old friend raynar thul had found the killik and been absorbed into their hive mind .
the drudgery and inhospitable living conditions of the nuns in the nunnery are explained vividly by anna gutschow thus : " the nuns serve as the worker bees in the monastic hive , which is over seen by monks engaged in their ritual ministrations .
while ender aged only a few decades over this period , the hive queen is shown to have been fully aware in real time due to her philotic nature .
hive , an abstract strategy game using tiles as moving pieces , has mechanical and strategic elements similar to chess , although it has no board ; the pieces themselves both form the layout and can move within it .
the four survivors start the train before the hive is locked in quarantine .
when the hive went offline , it was cain who ordered an investigation and later the reopening of the facility .
the guard bees on the sheltered porch may here inspect and communicate with the arrivals and so reject any raiders , which are recognized by not carrying food and by carrying scents from a foreign hive .
it is not until late in the final book of the series , " the tower and the hive " , that human scientists ( and the readers ) are allowed inside a hibernatorium to discover how mrdini reproduction works .
leaving out the fact that one ' bugger ' still lives , ender writes a book in the queens voice under the pseudonym " speaker for the dead " entitled " the hive queen " , wherein he tells the story of the formic race .
it means the correct distance between side bar of the frame and hive wall was already there in europe .
" a. andreniformis " is generally more defensive than " a. florea " : it is known to attack when there are disturbances 3 to 4 meters from the hive .
in order to do so , the hive queen summoned an aiùa from outside .
the sisters were the defense for hive tempestora , but the surprise and size of the ork attack caught the imperial forces unawares .
synthetics are programmed , but each has an individual personality , though they are all connected to one another through a form of hive mind .
one of the laboratories , unnamed in the video games , referred to as " the hive " in the film adaptations , is located under raccoon city and is the producer of the t - virus .
both ai names are referencing major characters from the novel " through the looking - glass " , with the decidedly more deadly hive a.i representing the antagonistic red queen , and the more helpful a.i. that appears in " resident evil : extinction " representing the protagonistic white queen .
beeswax is a natural wax produced in the bee hive of honey bees of the genus " apis " .
the hive is a vast community of underground invertebrates , of what kind no human knows .
the hive revolt spreads to all planets of the reach and all the kontrin perish , except for raen , who now lives with the majat on istra .
granny , who has been captured by the elves attacks the queen with magic , but it seems to overcome her and she collapses to the ground , whereon her bees swarm from their hive and land on the prone body .
more recent recordings : an anthology , " classical kirkby " , devised and performed with anthony rooley , on the bis label , 2002 ; cantatas by cataldo amodei , also for bis , 2004 ; with fretwork , consort songs by william byrd , for harmonia mundi usa , 2005 . ; scarlatti " stabat mater " with daniel taylor , for atma , 2006 ; " honey from the hive " , songs of john dowland , with anthony rooley , for bis , 2006 : and " musique and sweet poetrie " , also for bis , 2007 ; lute songs from europe with jakob lindberg .
the player must disable several explosives planted throughout the hive and then pursue dr. eisenberg , who is bent on capturing the alien queen .
the first variant is the one spawned by the queen leech , which features a notable increase in aggression and size , in addition to a strong communal hive mentality and the capability to bind together to form the mimicry marcus enemy .
the technical definition of a superorganism is " a collection of agents which can act in concert to produce phenomena governed by the collective , " phenomena being any activity " the hive wants " such as ants collecting food or bees choosing a new nest site .
" colparion " is a genus of minute , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family euconulidae , the hive snails .
sand beasts are insectoid animals native to the shifting sands , a desert country created from the leavings of the hive .
smoke calms bees ; it initiates a feeding response in anticipation of possible hive abandonment due to fire .
the hive ( novel ) .
movable frames also allow a beekeeper to more easily split the hive to make new colonies .
hive fleet behemoth invaded in a giant swarm of over a thousand ships , and reached as far into imperial space as macragge , the homeworld of the ultramarines , before it was destroyed .
the zerg are originally commanded by the zerg overmind , a manifestation of this hive mind , and under the overmind 's control the zerg strived for genetic perfection by assimilating the favourable traits of other species .
spectators have been wounded by rocketing fireworks while standing too close to the erupting hive however , the festival is still held despite moves to ban it .
in fact , ariel was akin to a newly born human being due to the transmutation into human form and so her past life as an invid has been irrelevent , but now she has free will to live independently from the hive in this form , and this initially frightens her .
they form a hive mind , linking each member by a telepathy - like system .
this is why the urban hive could go up to seventy meters with concrete wall .
the hive group is registered as a small business in central contractor registration ( ccr ) , and in the united nations global marketplace .
however , some hive ships have evolved to grow inordinately big , growing to sizes so astounding that they dwarf even battleships .
the receptionist tells him to go back to the hive and wait .
when used , it is generally placed between the hive body and the honey supers .
the taxxons that compose the resistance are controlled by a sentient colony known as " the living hive " , whom arbron discovers in " the andalite chronicles " .
increased international commerce within modern times has moved diseases such as american foulbrood and chalkbrood , and parasites such as varroa mites , acarina mites , and the small african hive beetle to new areas of the world , causing much loss of bees in the areas where they do not have much resistance to these pests .
they give up their weapons and stand down , but the attackers are forced into the hive by the various other hostile species on the planet .
as a result , the bee - hive ceased to be the ltc 's official journal and potter lost his seat on the executive board .
in 1877 the bee - hive changed its name to the " industrial review " .
the novel features brief appearances by both the foamasi , originally featured in " the leisure hive " , and the wirrn , originally featured in " the ark in space " .
without the slide in floor in place , the cloake board functions as an upper entrance for workers , who re - orient to enter the hive using the upper entrance .
she also breaks off her friendship with trini after a hive member says that trini and angelica were friends when they were younger , but trini was possessive and jealous of angelica .
once the mammal opens the hive and takes the honey , the bird feeds on the remaining wax and larvae .
the hydri stars are home to the alien " majat " , an insectoid race with a hive - mind consciousness .
kharaa " hive sight " reveals teammates through the walls and structures of the map , this was originally their answer to the commander with his top - down overview of the game .
this book describes the use and dimensions of the modern bee hive as we know it today .
in that story the black guardian catches up with the fourth doctor and romana following the loss of the randomiser , trapping them in a situation where they must either remain in the tardis and the time vortex for all eternity or release a powerful telepathic insect hive on 26th - century earth , and they are forced to leave the known universe as a consequence .
the doctor and klien encounter insectile aliens in the hive of the vrill .
lord zarak was the supreme leader of the hive , an evil dictatorship that ruled the planet of nebulos and saw the populace as their slaves .
created in 1904 , the source of capital for la ruche ( the hive ) at the beginning was the product of faure 's seminars .
small hive beetle .
the worker bee 's stinger is a complex organ that allows a bee to defend itself and the hive from most mammals .
they may gather in a tree or on a branch only a few meters from the hive .
the bee - hive had been a losing proposition for nearly a decade so no - one could be found who was willing to put up the money .
in the movie david blair plays jacob maker , meg savlov plays melissa maker , florence ormezzano plays allelle zillah , william burroughs plays james " hive " maker and dr. clyde tombaugh is himself .
as the phalanx they are a hive mind , programmed to destroy all mutants .
in november 1930 a golden eagle swooped down on a flock of turkeys in bee hive , alabama , southwest of auburn , and became entangled in a mass of pea vines .
with the completion of acquisition , x - hive corporation will be fully integrated into the emc content management and archiving ( cma ) business unit .
taking the final battle to the craftworld itself , yriel used an ancient artefact spear called " the spear of twilight " to slay the hive tyrant that led the assault .
hive - surreal uncut ( teebee remix )
the bats ' hive must be found and destroyed , before they can spread .
propolis is another byproduct of the bee hive .
beside hunting they collect honey , which involves ' steaming ' out the bees , making it possible for a tribe person to reach into the hive and grab the honey .
winged , armed with toxin , creators of the fermentable honey ( see mead ) , seemingly parthenogenetic in their immortal hive , bees functioned as emblems of other embodiments of the great mother : cybele , rhea the earth mother , and the archaic artemis as honored at ephesus .
after lezom is defeated for the last time partway through the game , nephelia publicly reveals herself as a val - fasq , and she uses an overkill strategy by having a " hive "- like ship deploy legions of small ships at once so they can overwhelm the elsior and the angel frames .
several of these kenner aliens would later be repainted as kb toys exclusives in three separate lines , including aliens vs. marines two - packs and the hive wars line incorporating previously unreleased figures .
thus any bee entering the hive must land on the pad , cross the sheltered porch and walk through one of the several entrance holes .
in season 3 , weir 's leadership abilities were questioned by the international oversight advisory ( ioa ) committee after two wraith hive ships attempted to attack earth .
a survey of beekeepers early in 2007 indicates that most hobbyist beekeepers believed that starvation was the leading cause of death in their colonies , while commercial beekeepers overwhelmingly believed that invertebrate pests ( " varroa " mites , honey bee tracheal mites , and/or small hive beetles ) were the leading cause of colony mortality .
with this great number of holes , the urban hive could reduce great amount of weight in concrete .
just then , the alien " grid " appears right next to him , and drags him off to the hive .
also , with the advent in the 20th century of mite pests , hive floors are often replaced for part of ( or the whole ) year with a wire mesh and removable tray .
hive destruction .
a razorfiend class cruiser is smaller but faster than the hive ships .
they will also pursue an intruder for a greater distance from the hive .
honey bee pheromones are mixtures of chemical substances released by individual bees into the hive or environment that cause changes in the physiology and behaviour of other bees .
this is later shown on " bee larry king " via " hive at five " .
potter established a weekly trade unionist journal , the bee - hive in 1861 edited by the journalist george troup .
haruka is killed in action by one of the beta while trying to shut down the hive reactor , and mitsuki sacrifices herself to destroy it by manually detonating the s-11 bombs shortly after .
the life of all honey bees starts as an egg , about the size of a comma " , " which is laid by the queen in the bottom of a wax cell in the brood area of a hive .
frank and candy 's identical twin sisters form a sort of hive mind , each of the pair knowing what the other is thinking , seeing , and sharing their physical sensations .
however champion continued to use the cheaper calamine cementation method to produce lower zinc brass and the archaeological remains of bee - hive shaped cementation furnaces have been identified at his works at warmley .
part iii begins by describing the poet ’s wounds , the aftermath of the hailstones : “ nipple and hive , bite - lumps ” .
this response will range from slight reddening of the skin to a full - blown hive ( called " wheal and flare " ) in more sensitive patients .
the villa straylight is a baroque , feminine labyrinth which serves as the maternal hive of the tessier - ashpool construct , counterpointing the geometric lattices of cyberspace .
bees are immediately attracted when a hive is opened and honey supers are removed .
colonies that are found dead in spring from dysentery will have feces smeared over the frames and other hive parts .
nosema is treated by increasing the ventilation through the hive .
it is quite loud and can be clearly heard outside the hive .
with the new structural way of construction , the urban hive obtained the grand prize in the seoul architecture award in 2009 .
the brood of honey bees develops within a bee hive .
they are no different in appearance from a normal wasp except for the size , but they do build a large hive in the residence .
in 1980 , he played the character of ' hardin ' in the tom baker doctor who story the leisure hive .
instead of being a normal daemonite with an amazingly powerful body , helspont is now super evolved , living hive mind .
aboard the ship , " john " , wilson returned in 1831 to hobart town with a hive of bees , that had survived the trip to australia , and many european plants .
hive ( game ) .
in this book it is revealed that the hive queens , who were seeking a way to contact ender during his crusade , attempted to construct a philotic ' bridge ' so that they could contact him .
the village center is a hive of activity , especially on sundays when residents of ħ'attard(known in maltese as " saraċini " ) mingle with fellow churchgoers .
the book could also be considered to have launched the science fiction sub - genre depicting intelligent social insects , in some cases a non - human species such as the space - traveling shaara " bees " in the future universe of a. bertram chandler , in others ( such as frank herbert 's " hellstrom 's hive " ) humans who evolved or consciously engineered their society in this direction .
elsewhere , it is argued that the depicted realities splintered away from each other to provide resistance to a hive - like alien invasion of earth .
if i suspected that anything was wrong with a hive , i could quickly ascertain its true condition , and apply the proper remedies . "
the first single from the album , " set fire to the hive " , was released on 28 april 2009 .
in subsequent years the area was a hive of industry , with many hotels and inns and the trade boats using the wharfage and stores at the harbour .
