sargramostim should not be used in patients with excessive leukemic myeloid blasts in the bone marrow or peripheral blood ( ≥ 10% ) , in patients with known hypersensitivity to gm - csf , yeast - derived products or any component of the product and for concomitant use with chemotherapy and radiotherapy .
on the basis of symptoms , it is possible to distinguish hsp from hypersensitivity vasculitis ( hv ) .
the syndrome is thought to be a hypersensitivity complex affecting the skin and the mucous membranes .
a few minutes after the exposure , some people might experience shock , nausea and anxiety . headache , fatigue , hypersensitivity to loud noise and tinnitus may continue for days , weeks or indefinitely .
other serious and sometimes fatal events , some due to hypersensitivity , and some due to uncertain etiology , have been reported in patients receiving therapy with quinolones , including ciprofloxacin . ”
solar urticaria is an immunoglobulin e - mediated hypersensitivity that can be introduced through primary or secondary factors , or induced by exogenous photosensitization .
patients with this form of trypanophobia have an inherited hypersensitivity to pain , or hyperalgesia .
natalizumab is contraindicated for people with known hypersensitivity to the drug or its components and in patients with a history of pml ( see interactions ) .
common adverse drug reactions ( ≥1% of patients ) associated with use of the penicillins include diarrhea , hypersensitivity , nausea , rash , neurotoxicity , urticaria , and superinfection ( including candidiasis ) .
known hypersensitivity to micafungin or any other ingredient contained in the formulation .
alemtuzumab is contraindicated in patients who have active systemic infections , underlying immunodeficiency ( e.g. , seropositive for hiv ) , or known type i hypersensitivity or anaphylactic reactions to campath or to any one of its components .
infrequent adverse effects include : hypersensitivity reactions ( rash , itch , flushing , fever ) , headache , dizziness , vomiting , glossitis , stomatitis , dark urine , and/or paraesthesia .
according to the world health organization , " no scientific basis currently exists for a connection between electromagnetic hypersensitivity and exposure to electromagnetic fields . "
examples of hypersensitivity include feeling pain from clothing rubbing against skin , an inability to tolerate normal lighting in a room , a dislike of being touched ( especially light touch ) and discomfort when one looks directly into the eyes of another person .
the disease reduces a patient ’s ability to sweat and increases hypersensitivity to heat , aberrant dentition , hairlessness , and dry skin .
the susceptibility to garlic and light could be due to hypersensitivity , which is a symptom of rabies .
- granulocyte - macrophage colony - stimulating factor ( gm - csf ) hypersensitivity of myeloid progenitors in vitro .
tests of delayed cutaneous hypersensitivity have been used to measure progression .
if tnf release is stimulated by t cell products such as interleukin-17 it might be considered closer to type iv hypersensitivity although this terminology may be getting somewhat dated and unhelpful .
they also point out that " [ s]ome studies suggest that certain physiological responses of [ electromagnetic hypersensitivity ] individuals tend to be outside the normal range .
indapamide is contraindicated in known hypersensitivity to sulfonamides , severe renal failure , hepatic encephalopathy or severe hepatic failure and hypokalemia ( low blood potassium levels ) .
however , asperger syndrome also typically involves difficulties in social interaction , restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior and interests , and problems with sensory integration , including hypersensitivity .
" differential effects of naproxen and rofecoxib on the development of hypersensitivity following nerve injury in rats . " pharmacology , biochemistry and behavior .
still experimental , skin tests with soluble extracts of human or bovine uveal tissue are said to elicit delayed hypersensitivity responses in these patients .
anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome .
seabather 's eruption is a pruritic dermatitis caused by a hypersensitivity reaction to the immature nematocysts of larval - stage thimble jellyfish ( " linuche unguiculata " ) , sea anemones ( " edwardsiella lineata " ) and other larval cnidarians .
although the plant can cause asthma - like symptoms in patients with known hypersensitivity reactions to the species , no clinical data have yet been reported on human toxicity .
it is a hypersensitivity to dietary substances from soy causing an overreaction of the immune system which may lead to severe physical symptoms for millions of people .
electromagnetic hypersensitivity .
a perfume allergy occurs when the body has a hypersensitivity reaction to certain chemicals within a perfume or fragrance .
hypersensitivity reactions require a pre - sensitized ( immune ) state of the host .
citric acid intolerance is a little - known type of food intolerance in which sufferers report various symptoms in response to foods or other products containing citric acid that they attribute neither to its properties as an acid nor to an aspergillus niger hypersensitivity .
firstenberg did not complete medical school due to illness , which he attributes to electromagnetic hypersensitivity brought on by receiving over 40 diagnostic dental x - rays .
this phenomenon often occurs in individuals who suffer self - victimization or hypersensitivity .
advanced arteriosclerosis , symptomatic cardiovascular disease , moderate to severe hypertension , hyperthyroidism , known hypersensitivity or idiosyncrasy to the sympathomimetic amines , glaucoma .
•plasmaphoresis , on humans to remove 1,3 galactosyltransferase , reduces the risk of activation of effector cells such as ctl ( cd8 t cells ) , complement pathway activation and delayed type hypersensitivity ( dth ) .
together with their wanted function , controlling or killing microorganisms , isothiazolinones also have undesirable effects : they have a high aquatic toxicity and some derivatives ( namely cmit ) can cause hypersensitivity by direct contact or via the air .
type i hypersensitivity is an immediate or anaphylactic reaction , often associated with allergy .
lin carter has suggested that one inspiration for " at the mountains of madness " was lovecraft 's own hypersensitivity to cold , as evidenced by an incident where the writer " collapsed in the street and was carried unconscious into a drug store " because the temperature dropped from 60 degrees to 30 degrees fahrenheit ( 15 degrees to -1 degree celsius ) . "
current investigation is underway regarding the use of neuroprotective agents during the prolonged post - traumatic period of brain hypersensitivity associated with the syndrome .
however , severe rashes are class effects of the fluoroquinolones due to hypersensitivity , regardless of any structural modifications of the drug .
the hypersensitivity that it causes is thought to be responsible for the intense cravings associated with drug addiction , and is often extended to even the peripheral cues of drug use , such as related behaviors or the sight of drug paraphernalia .
nitrofurantoin can cause nausea and vomiting , fever , rash , hypersensitivity pneumonitis .
other side effects may include drowsiness , anxiety , emotional blunting ( apathy / anhedonia ) , confusion , restlessness , dizziness , akathisia , hypersensitivity , changes in appetite and weight , sweating , sexual dysfunction , muscle twitches , weakness , nausea and vomiting , hypotension , tachycardia , and rarely , irregular heart rhythms . rhabdomyolysis or muscle breakdown has been rarely reported with this class of drugs as well .
other symptoms of the aura phase can include auditory or olfactory hallucinations , temporary dysphasia , vertigo , tingling or numbness of the face and extremities , and hypersensitivity to touch .
it results in a type iii hypersensitivity inflammatory response and can progress to become a chronic condition which is considered potentially dangerous .
due to their toxicity , their use is restricted to those patients who are critically ill or who have a demonstrated hypersensitivity to the β-lactams .
hypersensitivity and repetitive behavior .
peach allergy or intolerance is a relatively common form of hypersensitivity to proteins contained in peaches and related fruit ( almonds ) .
this has not been studied yet ( mainly due to the novelty of the cheese and the paucity of data ) , though it is plausible - house dust mites and cheese mites being both members of the order astigmata of sarcoptiform mites , they are probably not too distantly related immunologically to induce oral tolerance when consumed , and therefore alleviate hypersensitivity .
before use , patients will be asked about any known susceptibility to iodine hypersensitivity .
however , the us centers for disease control studied the blood of these individuals and concluded there was no evidence that the reactions people experienced were associated with hypersensitivity to the starlink bt protein .
this hypersensitivity was later termed murphy ’s sign ,
the immune system responds to eggs in liver causing hypersensitivity ; an immune response is necessary to prevent damage to hepatocytes .
a documented contraindication of artificial tears is hypersensitivity .
serious and occasionally fatal hypersensitivity ( anaphylactic ) reactions , some following the first dose , have been reported in patients receiving quinolone therapy , including noroxin . ”
the symptoms included depression , anxiety , psychosis , paranoia , severe insomnia , parathesia , tinnitus , hypersensitivity to light and sound , tremors , status epilepticus , suicidal thoughts and suicide attempt .
when the immune system responds to very low levels of antigen that it usually should n't respond to , a hypersensitivity response occurs .
the female sexual response is more varied than that of men , and there are many women who experience clitoral hypersensitivity after orgasm , which effectively creates a refractory period .
it causes antibody formation and delayed hypersensitivity when bound to aromatic amino acids , polypeptides or proteins .
politor ( pioglitazone and metformin ) is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to any components of this combination .
( it is usually classified as type i hypersensitivity . )
it is localized immediate hypersensitivity reaction to an allergen .
people who have a hypersensitivity reaction to one member of the sulfonamide class are likely to have a similar reaction to others .
primary su is believed to be a type i hypersensitivity ( a mild to severe reaction to an antigen including anaphylaxis ) in which an antigen , or substance provoking an immune response , is " induced by uv or visible radiation . "
type iii hypersensitivity .
bicalutamide is contraindicated in females and children and must not be given to any patient who has shown a hypersensitivity reaction to its use .
drug - eluting stent thrombosis : the kounis hypersensitivity - associated acute coronary syndrome revisited .
the differential diagnosis includes idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis ( ipf ) , hypersensitivity pneumonitis , sarcoidosis , and others .
coronary stents , hypersensitivity and the kounis syndrome . j interv cardiol 2007 ; 20 : 314
intelence therapy should be immediately discontinued when signs and symptoms of severe skin or hypersensitivity reactions develop . "
erythema nodosum usually resolves itself 3–6 weeks after an event , either internal or external to the body , that initiates a hypersensitivity reaction in subcutaneous fat .
a study of the phototoxicity of chinese herbal medicines found that in mice treated with uva ultraviolet radiation , " a. japonica " increased sunburn edema and formation of sunburn cells , and decreased local immune responses by decreasing epidermal lagerhans cells and contact hypersensitivity ; but it also exerted its phototoxic effects on " candida albicans " , a potential therapeutic use .
furthermore , it is known that cross - linking agents produce ros and it is possible that fa cell hypersensitivity to cross - linkers is not due directly to them , but rather to the cell ’s impaired ability to cope with increased ros production .
norfloxacin is contraindicated in those with a history of tendonitis , tendon rupture and those with a hypersensitivity to fluoroquinolones .
due to their better water solubility , cremophors ( solubilizing agents used for paclitaxel which can affect cardiac function and cause severe hypersensitivity ) are not needed .
this protein may be involved in antiparasitic defense mechanisms as a cytotoxin and helminthotoxin , and in immune hypersensitivity reactions .
it is believed to be a type ii hypersensitivity reaction to goodpasture ’s antigens on the basement membrane of the glomerulus of the kidneys and the pulmonary alveolus , specifically the non - collagenous domain of the alpha-3 chain of type iv collagen .
it is a hypersensitivity to dietary substances from peanuts causing an overreaction of the immune system which in a small percentage of people may lead to severe physical symptoms .
according to nickolson ( 2007 ) , “ a dentifrice for desensitizing dentinal hypersensitivity needs to be used for at least two weeks to have an effect , and continued use is required to avoid relapse ” ( p. 88 ) .
pioglitazone can not be used in patients with a known hypersensitivity to pioglitazone , other thiazolidinediones or any of components of its pharmaceutical forms .
the exact pathology remains unclear , but it is believed to be type iii hypersensitivity reaction .
the individual components are all caused at least in part by allergy ( type i hypersensitivity reactions ) .
currently , latent infection is diagnosed in a non - immunized person by a tuberculin skin test , which yields a delayed hypersensitivity type response to an extract made from " m. tuberculosis " .
it is characterized by soluble antigens that are not bound to cell surfaces ( which is the case in type ii hypersensitivity ) .
relative contraindications include known hypersensitivity to the drug and other situations in which the risk of its use clearly outweighs possible benefit .
hypersensitivity to hyaluronate preparations . knee joint infections or skin disease at injection site .
adverse effects include rash , myalgia , hypersensitivity reactions ( fever , agranulocytosis ) , drug - induced lupus erythematosus ( particularly in slow - acetylators ) , and proarrhythmic effects ( " e.g. " , torsades de pointes ) .
this hypersensitivity to continued injury can mean chronic ingrowth ; the solution is nearly always edge avulsion by the highly successful phenolisation .
each of these experiments exposed people who reported electromagnetic hypersensitivity to genuine and sham electromagnetic fields under single- or double - blind conditions .
type v hypersensitivity .
children with heightened sensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) may be exposed to peaceful activities including quiet music and gentle rocking in a softly lit room . treats and rewards may be used to encourage children to tolerate activities they would normally avoid .
other side - effects are : abdominal upset , headache and hypersensitivity reactions .
this shows that there is spinal hypersensitivity to c - fiber input in chronic pain .
erythromelalgia also shares many components of crps ( burning pain , redness , temperature hypersensitivity , autonomic dysfunction , vasospasm ) , they both involve small fiber sensory neurosympathetic components .
for instance , one survey has estimated that approximately 10% of electromagnetic hypersensitivity sufferers in sweden were on sick leave or have taken early retirement or a disability pension , compared to 5% of the general population , while a second survey has reported that of 3046 people who experienced ' annoyance ' from electrical equipment , 340 ( 11% ) reported ' much ' annoyance .
screening for the " hla - b*5701 " has been convincingly shown to reduce the incidence of abacavir hypersensitivity reactions .
arthur robert firstenberg ( born may 28 1950 , brooklyn , new york ) is an american activist and author on subject of electromagnetic hypersensitivity .
hypersensitivity to the benzimidazole class of compounds .
type ii hypersensitivity .
filgrastim should not be used in patients with known hypersensitivity to " e. coli "- derived proteins .
de murska was noted for her hypersensitivity , especially about her age , and for the large menagerie of animals which accompanied her everywhere .
pauci - immune is a general term used to refer to a form of vasculitis that is associated with minimal evidence of hypersensitivity upon immunofluorescence .
if tnf release is stimulated by b cell products in the form of rf or acpa - containing immune complexes , through activation of immunoglobulin fc receptors , then ra can be seen as a form of type iii hypersensitivity .
squawks have been described in bird fancier 's disease and other forms of hypersensitivity pneumonitis .
increased camp levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from many cells , especially from mast cells .
prucalopride is contraindicated where there is hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients , renal impairment requiring dialysis , intestinal perforation or obstruction due to structural or functional disorder of the gut wall , obstructive ileus , severe inflammatory conditions of the intestinal tract , such as crohn ’s disease , and ulcerative colitis and toxic megacolon / megarectum .
allopurinol hypersensitivity syndrome typically occurs in persons with preexisting renal failure .
an association with type iv hypersensitivity has been described .
administration of tylosin should be avoided in animals with a known hypersensitivity to the product , or to other macrolides .
however , there are several life - threatening manifestations of hypersensitivity to sulfa drugs , including stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , agranulocytosis , hemolytic anemia , thrombocytopenia , and fulminant hepatic necrosis , among others .
temozolomide is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity to its components or to dacarbazine .
other differential diagnostic considerations include interstitial lung disease related to mixed connective tissue disease , advanced sarcoidosis , chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis , pulmonary langerhans cell histiocytosis and radiation - induced fibrosis .
the hypersensitivity that it causes is thought to be responsible for the intense cravings associated with drug addiction , and is often extended to even the peripheral cues of drug use , such as related behaviors or the sight of drug paraphernalia .
the narrator claims to have a disease which causes hypersensitivity in his senses .
anaphylactoid reactions : hypersensitivity , mild influenza - like symptoms , bradycardia , tachycardia , bronchospasm and non - cardiogenic pulmonary edema .
itopride is contraindicated in hypersensitivity to itopride or benzamides ; lactation , gi hemorrhage , obstruction or perforation .
they are released from the lung tissue of asthmatic subjects exposed to specific allergens and play a pathophysiological role in immediate hypersensitivity reactions .
there may be a toxic reaction to an excess of particulate metal wear debris or a hypersensitivity reaction to a normal amount of metal debris .
although further research is needed , preventative measures with the greatest likelihood of a positive effect include strength and balance training , home risk assessment , withdrawing psychotropic medication , cardiac pacing for those with carotid sinus hypersensitivity , tai chi .
gardiner claims he suffers from electromagnetic hypersensitivity , believed by him to have been contracted through exposure to high levels of computer radiation and magnetic fields .
many other electrical devices have been claimed to cause symptoms , and recent surveys of electromagnetic hypersensitivity sufferers have found that base stations for mobile and cordless phones , overhead power lines , electrical transformers , and mobile phone handsets are now the most commonly cited sources of ill health related to electromagnetism .
some professionals consider electromagnetic hypersensitivity to be a physical condition with an unclear cause , while others suggest that some aspects may be psychological .
drop attacks are typically seen in elderly patients , and the most common cause is carotid sinus hypersensitivity , resulting in either short periods of reversible asystole , or in marked drop in blood pressure in response to carotid sinus stimulation .
alternatively , there is evidence to suggest that some gifted children also have an increased tendency toward hypersensitivity ( e.g. , finding all shirt tags unbearable ) , which may be correlated with their greater intellectual proclivity toward perceiving the world in unconventional ways .
hypersensitivity reactions can be very dramatic if iron is administered intravenously .
food allergy ( fa ) is an adverse reaction to food ( food hypersensitivity ) occurring in susceptible individuals , which is mediated by a classical immune mechanism specific for the food itself .
murphy described a hypersensitivity elicited by deep palpation in the subcostal area when a patient with presumed gallbladder disease takes a deep breath .
so , some have isolated this special type and have named it type v hypersensitivity reaction .
the dlco is also reduced in interstitial lung diseases such as hypersensitivity pneumonitis ( e.g. bird fancier 's lung , farmer 's lung ) or dust - inhalation diseases such as asbestosis .
following a postdoctoral study in allergy and hypersensitivity and an assistant professorship in microbiology at jefferson medical college in philadelphia from 1965 to 1966 , he joined the faculty of howard university from 1966 - 1993 .
this suggests that ' electromagnetic hypersensitivity ' is unrelated to the presence of electromagnetic fields , although more research into this phenomenon is required . "
these hypersensitivity reactions to tetrazepam share no cross - reactivity with other benzodiazepines .
it has been well tolerated : the main side effect is hypersensitivity , which can be severe , and in rare cases , fatal .
the d2 hypersensitivity hypothesis is also supported by evidence of a dose - response relationship , withdrawal effects , studies on d2 agonists and antagonists , animal studies , and genetic polymorphism research .
since then , several more double - blind experiments have been published , each of which has suggested that people who report electromagnetic hypersensitivity are unable to detect the presence of electromagnetic fields and are as likely to report ill health following a sham exposure , as they are following exposure to genuine electromagnetic fields .
there is a lack of delayed hypersensitivity , sensitivity regulated by t - lymphocytes .
trimecaine must not be used at hypersensitivity on amide anesthetics , hypervolemia , hypotension , cardial conduction defects , asystole , cardiogenic shock and malignant hyperthermia in anamnesis .
another common theme is what he sees as hypersensitivity by muslim leaders to what they see as criticism or blasphemy from non - muslim countries .
those diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder report much higher than average rates of hypersensitivity to sensory stimulus .
strontium ranelate is contraindicated in hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients .
neuromuscular techniques provide a therapist with information regarding tissue tone , fibrosity , oedema and areas of soft tissue changes such as hypersensitivity , change in sensation or pain .
transfer factors are immune molecules that cause antigen - specific cell - mediated immunity , primarily delayed hypersensitivity and the production of lymphokines , as well as binding to the antigens themselves .
such migraines are most frequently triggered by foul odors , but the hypersensitivity may extend to all odors .
children with lower sensitivity ( hyposensitivity ) may be exposed to strong sensations , while children with heightened sensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) may be exposed to quieter activities .
the prevalence of claimed electromagnetic hypersensitivity has been estimated as being between a few cases per million to 5% of the population depending on the location and definition of the condition .
myocarditis is most often due to infection by common viruses , such as parvovirus b19 , less commonly non - viral pathogens such as borrelia burgdorferi ( lyme disease ) or trypanosoma cruzi , or as a hypersensitivity response to drugs .
western criticism of hu , particularly regarding human rights , exposes his hypersensitivity to social stability but does not lay as much emphasis on his fresh commitment to address china ’s multi - faceted social problems .
hypersensitivity .
generally this position requires new physical mechanisms to explain the observed warming ; for example " climate hypersensitivity to solar forcing ? " , soon w et al . , 2000 ,
contraindications to receiving amifostine include hypersensitivity to amifostine , aminothiol compounds , and mannitol .
for individuals reporting electromagnetic hypersensitivity with long lasting symptoms and severe handicaps , treatment therapy should be directed principally at reducing symptoms and functional handicaps .
european and japanese research shows that in the moist and warm environment of the human body , titanium can also function as a hapten to trigger cellular hypersensitivity .
symptoms include early satiety , nausea , bilious vomiting of large quantities of partially undigested food , extreme " stabbing " postprandial abdominal pain ( due to both the duodenal compression and the compensatory reversed peristalsis ) , abdominal distention / distortion , eructation , external hypersensitivity or tenderness of the abdominal area , and severe malnutrition accompanying spontaneous wasting .
it is a hypersensitivity to dietary substances from the yolk or whites of eggs , causing an overreaction of the immune system which may lead to severe physical symptoms for millions of people around the world .
oral tolerance , the specific suppression of cellular and/or humoral immune reactivity to an antigen by prior administration of the antigen by the oral route , probably evolved to prevent hypersensitivity reactions to food proteins and bacterial antigens present in the mucosal flora .
while tests confirm tendinitis , the thyroxine the patient is given to level her moods does not work and the team becomes stumped when the patient develops hypersensitivity to touch and raised calcium levels .
allergy ( type 1 hypersensitivity ) to poppy seeds is very rare , but has been reported and can cause anaphylaxis .
the main cause is a a type - i hypersensitivity reaction to products containing abietic acid , such as the rosin / colophony , which is commonly used as a friction - increasing agent .
studies have however suggested that the carotid sinus reflex can be a contributing factor in other mechanisms of death by reducing blood pressure and heart rate , especially in the elderly or in people suffering from carotid sinus hypersensitivity .
hypersensitivity pneumonitis ( hp ) is categorized as acute , subacute , and chronic based on the duration of the illness .
although effects of electromagnetic fields on the body are established , self - described sufferers of electromagnetic hypersensitivity report responding to non - ionizing electromagnetic fields ( or electromagnetic radiation ) at intensities well below the limits permitted by international radiation safety standards .
it is postulated that mes is caused by hypersensitivity in the auditory cortex caused by sensory deprivation , secondary to their hearing loss .
bagassosis , an interstitial lung disease , is a type of hypersensitivity pneumonitis attributed to exposure to molasses ( bagasse ) .
latex is known to cause 2 of the 4 ( or 5 ) types of hypersensitivity .
this contrasts the prognosis ( and treatment ) for hypersensitivity pneumonitis , which is generally fairly good if the allergen is identified and exposures to it significantly reduced or eliminated .
in medicine , the term " disulfiram effect " refers to an adverse effect of a particular medication in causing an unpleasant hypersensitivity to alcohol , similar to the effect caused by disulfiram administration .
igg is also associated with type ii and type iii hypersensitivity .
( see smpc ) hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients .
some of the most severe and life - threatening examples of drug eruptions are erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , hypersensitivity vasculitis , dress syndrome , erythroderma and exanthematous pustulosis .
an algorithm for management of patients with hypersensitivity reactions following vaccines .
in certain cases , elderly patients ' previous interactions with phenothiazine derivatives or pre - existing neuroleptic treatment may have had some contribution towards dyskinesia at the administration of hydroxyzine due to hypersensitivity caused due to the prolonged treatment , and therefore some contraindication is given to the short - term administration of hydroxyzine to those with previous phenothiazine use .
this category also includes hypersensitivity disorders such as atopic dermatitis , and skin diseases caused by autoimmunity , such as pemphigus and discoid lupus erythematosus .
it is important to make a distinction between sulfa drugs and other sulfur - containing drugs and additives , such as sulfates and sulfites , which are chemically unrelated to the sulfonamide group , and do not cause the same hypersensitivity reactions seen in the sulfonamides .
wifi has been anecdotally linked to electromagnetic hypersensitivity , but no studies have researched this association to date .
immunity derived from passive immunization lasts for only a short period of time , and there is also a potential risk for hypersensitivity reactions , and serum sickness , especially from gamma globulin of non - human origin .
fatal hypersensitivity reactions have been associated with therapy with abacavir .
some of the proteins in this family are allergens . allergies are hypersensitivity reactions of the immune system to specific substances called allergens ( such as pollen , stings , drugs , or food ) that , in most people , result in no symptoms .
classified as a type i hypersensitivity , anaphylaxis is triggered when an antigen binds to ige antibodies on mast cells based in connective tissue throughout the body , which leads to degranulation of the mast cells ( the release of inflammatory mediators ) .
there are currently over thirty support groups across the world for people reporting electromagnetic hypersensitivity .
there are no contraindications to the use of benzydamine except for known hypersensitivity .
in contemporary medicine ( as of 2007 ) , the term idiosyncratic drug reaction denotes a non - immunological hypersensitivity to a substance , without connection to pharmacological toxicity .
a 2005 report by the uk health protection agency concluded that electromagnetic hypersensitivity needs to be considered in ways other than its etiology ; that is , the suffering is real , even if the underlying cause is not thought to be related to electromagnetic fields .
they are also common allergens in humans , growing indoors and causing hay fever or hypersensitivity reactions that sometimes lead to asthma .
the differential diagnosis of hypersensitivity pneumonitis is , primarily , a group of diseases known as idiopathic interstitial pneumonias .
lab foods and supplements have been found to modulate inflammatory and hypersensitivity responses , an observation thought to be at least in part due to the regulation of cytokine function .
in this way , polyclonal antibodies inhibit cell - mediated immune reactions , including graft rejection , delayed hypersensitivity ( i.e. , tuberculin skin reaction ) , and the graft - versus - host disease ( gvhd ) , but influence thymus - dependent antibody production .
neutersol is contraindicated in cases of cryptorchidism , pre - existing scrotal dermatitis , testicular diseases and malformations , and drug hypersensitivity on neutersol components .
behavioral , developmental and other anomalies often include : hypersexuality , perceptual hypersensitivity , emotional lability ( mood swings ) , hyperaggressive behavior ; hypertelorism ( widely - set eyes ) ,
drug induced hepatic granulomas are usually associated with granulomas in other tissues and patients typically have features of systemic vasculitis and hypersensitivity .
technetium ( 99mtc ) arcitumomab is contraindicated for patients with known allergies or hypersensitivity to mouse proteins , as well as during pregnancy .
dentine hypersensitivity .
however the corneal inflammatory response can be of 2 reason , infection and/or immunological response from hypersensitivity type reaction .
it is caused by hypersensitivity to bromides , such as those found in certain drugs .
type i hypersensitivity .
dave kehr of " the new york times " felt that " the pony remark " was a turning point for the show , noting that after the first few episodes , the show " turn[ed ] into something sharp and distinctive here , suddenly , is the tight knot of guilt and denial , of hypersensitivity and sarcastic contempt that " seinfeld " would explore for the next eight years . "
hypersensitivity to water has been noted , and convulsions may occur following a knock to the head .
ataxia - telangiectasia like disorder ( atld ) is an extremely rare condition which could be considered in the differential diagnosis of a - t. atld patients are very similar to a - t patients in showing a progressive cerebellar ataxia , hypersensitivity to ionising radiation and genomic instability .
contraindications for the use of ephedrine include : closed angle glaucoma , phaeochromocytoma , asymmetric septal hypertrophy ( idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis ) , concomitant or recent ( previous 14 days ) monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ) therapy , general anaesthesia with halogenated hydrocarbons ( particularly halothane ) , tachyarrhythmias or ventricular fibrillation , hypersensitivity to ephedrine or other stimulants .
hypersensitivity .
uip does not typically have multinucleated giant cells , nor does it typically have a centrilobular distribution ; the presence of these features suggest the diagnosis of hypersensitivity pneumonitis .
by the mid-1960s , immunologists were convinced that there were indeed two separate arms of the immune system : one dealing exclusively with the production of circulating antibodies ( humoral immunity ) , and another that is involved in the delayed hypersensitivity - type reactions and graft rejections ( cell - mediated immunity ) .
allergen immunotherapy can either reduce the need for medication , severity of symptoms or eliminate hypersensitivity altogether .
the toxicities involved multiple organ systems and included thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ( ttp ) ( ticlopidine and clopidogrel ) , thromboembolism ( thalidomide and lenalidomide ) , hepatic failure ( gemtuzumab and nevirapine ) , hypersensitivity ( drug eluting coronary arterial stents ) , pure red - cell aplasia ( prca ) ( epoetin ) , vision changes ( amiodarone , sildenafil , and tadalafil ) , late thrombotic events ( drug eluting cardiac stents ) , leukemia ( g - csf ) , and interstitial pneumonitis ( gemcitabine ) .
self - described electromagnetic hypersensitivity sufferers tend to report non - specific symptoms : that is , the symptoms can occur with many different illnesses or diseases .
one of the most critical and distinctive clinical features is hypersensitivity to neuroleptic and antiemetic medications that affect dopaminergic and cholinergic systems .
hypersensitivity pneumonitis involves inhalation of an antigen .
docetaxel is contraindicated for use with patients with ; a baseline neutrophil count less than 1500 cells/µl , a history of severe hypersensitivity reactions to docetaxel or polysorbate 80 , severe liver impairment and pregnant or breast - feeding women .
the principal side effect of the cephalosporins is hypersensitivity .
there is one contraindication now found within the 2008 package insert for levaquin , namely that levaquin is to be avoided in patients with a known hypersensitivity to levofloxacin or other quinolone drugs .
some opposing candidates , including incumbent rnc chairman mike duncan , criticized saltsman ; others , such as former ohio secretary of state ken blackwell , defended saltsman against the " hypersensitivity in the press regarding matters of race . "
it plays an important role in allergy , and is especially associated with type 1 hypersensitivity .
hypersensitivity resulting in an anaphylactic reactions ( as seen with all drugs found within this class ) has also been reported in association with cinoxacin .
also , rapid suppression of hiv and partial restoration of the immune system sometimes produces a dangerous hypersensitivity reaction , immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome .
budgerigars have been shown to cause " bird fancier 's lung " in sensitive people , a type of hypersensitivity pneumonitis .
quinine may also trigger a rare form of hypersensitivity reaction in malaria patients termed blackwater fever that results in massive hemolysis , hemoglobinemia , hemoglobinuria , and renal failure .
within the most recent package insert ( circa 1999 ) cinobac is listed as being contraindicated in patients with a history of hypersensitivity to cinoxacin or other quinolones .
" aspergillus clavatus " is allergenic , causing the occupational hypersensitivity pneumonitis known as malt worker 's lung .
another study showed that drug - free , recovered , bipolar patients exhibited no hypersensitivity to light .
electromagnetic hypersensitivity .
this category also includes hypersensitivity disorders and eosinophilic skin diseases such as atopic dermatitis , miliary dermatitis and feline eosinophilic granuloma and skin diseases caused by autoimmunity , such as pemphigus and discoid lupus .
anaphylaxis is an acute multi - system severe type i hypersensitivity reaction .
do not use essentiale in hypersensitivity or allergy to any ingredients of the preparation .
allopurinol hypersensitivity syndrome .
a hypersensitivity reaction to specific allergens ( protein molecules causing an extreme immune response in sensitised individuals ) in the saliva of " culicoides " midges ( juvenile gnats ) .
arthus reactions ( type iii hypersensitivity reactions ) are
sle is a chronic inflammatory disease believed to be a type iii hypersensitivity response with potential type ii involvement .
inhalation of cutting fluid aerosols may cause irritation of the throat , nose , and lungs and has been associated with chronic bronchitis , asthma , hypersensitivity pneumonitis ( hp ) , and worsening of pre - existing respiratory problems .
in 2009 , the prescribing information for etravirine was modified to include " postmarketing reports of cases of stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis and erythema multiforme , as well as hypersensitivity reactions characterized by rash , constitutional findings , and sometimes organ dysfunction , including hepatic failure .
severe or life - threatening skin reactions have been observed in 1.5% of patients , including stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis and hypersensitivity .
symptoms of hypersensitivity include fever , skin rash , fatigue , gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhea or abdominal pain and respiratory symptoms such as pharyngitis , dyspnea , or cough .
hypersensitivity to external stimuli can resemble a proneness to " sensory overload " , which can cause persons to avoid chaotic and crowded environments .
however , in 2005 the world health organization concluded that there is no known scientific basis for the belief that electromagnetic hypersensitivity is caused by exposure to electromagnetic fields .
experiences have varied between insight and creativity at low doses to hypersensitivity and paranoia at higher doses .
besides the ability of this large and powerful snake to inflict mechanical trauma , there have been numerous cases of local envenomation and perhaps hypersensitivity , most of which have gone unreported .
approximately 6% of individuals receiving natalizumab have been found to develop persistent antibodies to the drug , which reduces its efficacy and produce reactions during the infusion of the drug , as well as hypersensitivity .
in the words of a hpa review , they concluded that " the differences in prevalence were at least partly due to the differences in available information and media attention around electromagnetic hypersensitivity that exist in different countries .
oxazolone is a chemical allergen used for immunological experiments , particularly for experiments on delayed type hypersensitivity .
type iii hypersensitivity occurs when antigens and antibodies ( igg or igm ) are present in roughly equal amounts , causing extensive cross - linking .
these data are similar to an airway hypersensitivity model showing similar il-5 secretion , but reduced il-4 secretion in response to sensitization with ova protein , indicating a defect in th2 cytokine secretion , but not a defect in th2 differentiation as both il-4 and il-5 are th2-associated cytokines .
through opie 's work over the next decade , much was learned about the modes of tuberculous infection in children and adults , as well as aspects of immunity , hypersensitivity , and cellular defenses regarding that disease .
electromagnetic hypersensitivity is not currently an accepted diagnosis .
can also cause hypersensitivity pneumonitis ( humidifier lung ) .
type i hypersensitivity is mediated by ige , which triggers degranulation of mast cells and basophils when cross - linked by antigen .
in the early stages of allergy , a type i hypersensitivity reaction against an allergen , encountered for the first time , causes a response in a type of immune cell called a th2 lymphocyte , which belongs to a subset of t cells that produce a cytokine called interleukin-4 ( il-4 ) .
in the 1990s , several governments evaluated the effects of dental amalgam and concluded that the most likely health effects would be due to hypersensitivity or allergy .
contraindications include hypersensitivity , acute narrow angle glaucoma , shock , hypotension , head injury .
it is believed that the hypersensitivity of certain structures , including nerves and muscles , may cause or contribute to chronic epididymitis .
show that over 50% of people reporting electromagnetic hypersensitivity in their study also reported multiple chemical sensitivity or similar conditions .
erythema multiforme is sometimes caused by a reaction to a medication but is more often a type iv hypersensitivity reaction to an infection ( caused most often by herpes simplex ) and is relatively benign .
luckily , he is found alive , and in a twist of irony , it was his smoking habit and resulting tolerance of nicotine which saved his life ; however , he can never smoke again because of resultant hypersensitivity to the drug .
although the above theory is the most commonly accepted theory , others believe that it is a hypersensitivity reaction or a direct toxic effect .
tuberculin skin testing ( tst ) has been used for years as an aid in diagnosing latent tuberculosis infection ( ltbi ) and includes measurement of the delayed type hypersensitivity response 48–72 hours after intradermal injection of ppd .
one cause of burning mouth pain , which may be often misdiagnosed as burning mouth syndrome , is a contact sensitivity type iv hypersensitivity in the oral tissues to common substances such as sodium lauryl sulfate , a surfactant commonly used in household products , cinnamon aldehyde or dental materials .
although individuals who report electromagnetic hypersensitivity believe that electromagnetic fields from common electrical devices trigger or exacerbate their symptoms , it has not been established that these fields play any role in the etiology of sensitivity symptoms .
