he continued living in merthyr tydfil where he was immensely popular .
deep down , he is a good person that cares immensely for ned and tally and will do what he can to try to make the new world order a good one .
the story states that religious beings of the galaxy consider the discovery of the third core to announce the end times , during which " sajuuk " , thought to be an immensely powerful being , will return .
to an extent , she also believes she is competing with schroeder 's favorite composer , beethoven , and often makes a point to make rude comments about beethoven to schroeder 's face ( which angers schroeder immensely ) .
kassner was immensely productive ; his literary activity extends over sixty years and he was writing till the age of eighty - five .
the poetic dramas of edmond rostand , especially " cyrano de bergerac " in 1897 , were immensely popular at the turn of the century , as too the " well - made " plays and bourgeois farces of georges feydeau .
les henley arrived in his place as first team coach , and stayed at the club for sixteen years in which the club progressed immensely , winning the fa amateur cup as well as three isthmian league championships before turning professional and moving to the southern league .
led by jerik wildorm , the hunters have boosted their numbers immensely in the leadup to this event .
after receiving very little playing time as a rookie , ellis improved immensely coming into his second year and began to show great potential .
these raids , financed by the crown or high nobility , were initially immensely profitable , until the overhaul of spain 's naval and intelligence systems led to a series of costly failures .
johann adolph hasse ( baptised 25 march 1699 – 16 december 1783 ) was an 18th - century german composer , singer and teacher of music . immensely popular in his time
the treasure is considered immensely valuable , described by some as " one of most valuable archeological finds in 20th century " .
nonetheless he is immensely popular and one of the best - selling authors in flanders .
soon , the ladies ' old sweethearts , the dragoon guards , appear ( " the soldiers of our queen " ) , led by colonel calverley ( " if you want a receipt for that popular mystery " ) , major murgatroyd , and the droopy but immensely rich lieutenant the duke of dunstable .
while twitch lacks sam 's strength , size , and tenacity , he makes up for it with calm and collected nerves of steel and immensely quick thinking under pressure .
it is a multi - ethnic and a multi - religious school which , having a strong christian foundation , has contributed immensely towards the establishment of peace and harmony amongst a divided nation .
telenovelas are not only immensely popular in hispanic america , brazil , spain , portugal , and in hispanic communities in the united states , but also have a wide following in russia , eastern europe , france , greece , italy , the philippines , israel , malaysia , singapore , indonesia , china , south korea , and japan .
by the end of the campaign , king 's reputation improved immensely , connor lost his job , the " jim crow " signs in birmingham came down , and public places became more open to blacks .
it is being sensitive to the immensely possible biases from the researcher ’s social coordinates , field and intellectual orientation and self - critically problematising them to reduce the impact of the biases ( bourdieu 2003 ) .
the senussi order has been historically closed to europeans and outsiders , leading reports of their beliefs and practices to vary immensely .
since the book was immensely popular , vergil added five more books devoted to the " initia institorum rei christianae " .
leaving her little son behind , she accompanied her husband to persia , here they visited the shrines of her ancestor , ahmad - e jami and shiites shrine , of ardabil in iran , the place of origin of safavid dynasty which helped them immensely in the following years .
this too has now been shelved , but adams as of late is still immensely interested in adapting and producing its film counterpart .
fox searchlight pictures president peter rice said of the film , " having enjoyed the film immensely , we look forward to working with miramax to bring garden state to audiences worldwide . " from march until mid july , it screened at other various film festivals until it received a limited release on july 28 in north america .
spouge was immensely popular in barbados from about 1969 to 1973 .
40,000 years prior to the end of the last war , the quori of that age invaded eberron in an attempt to prevent the dawning of a new age but were repelled by the giants of xen'drik , who managed to sever all connections between eberron and dal quor using immensely powerful magic .
while similar in design to the immensely popular " city of midland 41 " , the new ships would have several notable design changes , such as a full - width pilot house that gave the crew an almost 360-degree view , and new lifeboat davits that freed up deck space .
the comprises many immensely talented tribal ( adivasi ) players from the state of orissa . players like roshan minz and sunil ekka are good prospects .
the series features the adventures of animated versions of the duo , who have been immensely popular in japan since making their debut in 1996 .
zhou also admitted that during that time she was immensely unhappy .
carrie donovan said it " looked like clever and immensely salable ready - to - wear , not couture . "
the manner in which kumar plans the murder is regarded as an immensely brilliant and engaging sequence .
the scope was held in a specially designed , integral , immensely strong , receiver - enshrouding mount which positioned it very low over the action , and gripped both the scope and the rifle action in massive rings of steel .
the title character , an " average worm " who stumbled upon a space suit which turned him into a superhero , became immensely popular , and spawned a variety of other types of merchandise : action figures , comic books , and a syndicated television cartoon series on the warner kids network , with the title character voiced on the show by dan castellaneta ( also known as the voice behind homer simpson ) .
professor david austin of the university of wales , one of the world ’s top medieval archaeologists , states " this is an immensely important site in the national psyche of wales . "
it became immensely popular and influential for a book on theology , selling over one million copies .
other successes include the takedown of a fake village people site in california and an immensely popular ring of prince music sharing sites based in europe .
fast and lively , " angel night " was the opening theme to the second series of the immensely popular " city hunter " anime of the time .
the single , slightly edgier than she had been known for in the past ( such as her songs from " grease " and her country - pop ballad " i honestly love you " ) , proved to be immensely popular both in america and in the united kingdom , despite the fact that the song was censored and even banned by some radio stations , particularly adult contemporary stations ; in spite of newton - john 's status as the reigning queen of soft - rock music at the time , " physical " peaked at only number twenty - nine on the ac chart ( its follow - up , the slightly softer - edged " make a move on me , " found more acceptance at ac radio and went to number six ac as well as number five pop . )
the rest of the money was raised by corps - sponsored operettas , which proved immensely popular in boston .
the samedi bloodline has a relatively short but immensely curious history within kindred society . originating most likely in the caribbean ,
its first laws and rules patented by a solicitor by trade ebenezer cobb morley , and soon grew immensely popular across all spectrum of society due to its simple rules and minimal equipment requirements , being globalized as the world 's most popular association sport in the last decade of the 19th century and early 20th centuries .
he noted that " weis and hickman 's writing style has improved immensely since their beginning way back in ' 85 " and considered the novel great for fans of fantasy fiction and a must for hardcore dragonlance fans .
he liked not having to build roads and the inclusion of gods in the game was good but felt overall it was n't much of an improvement on its predecessor and that some might find it " immensely repetitive " .
carlos ross of " them anime " gave earlier nagai anime bad ratings , but called " honey " " another go nagai - based anime that common logic should dictate that them rate harshly - except that we actually enjoyed it immensely " , while calling its " awfully ugly backdrops , and weird - looking characters " " standard go nagai " .
ventriloquism was immensely popular in the middle of the 20th century , thanks in great part to the work of one of the great lester 's students , edgar bergen .
stephanie and skulduggery , aided by an immensely strong tailor named ghastly , an english professional swordswoman , tanith low and the world 's physically strongest man , mr bliss , attempt to prevent the villain , nefarian serpine , from obtaining the sceptre .
the book came to be regarded as a classic among spy thrillers , setting out what became some of the genre 's basic conventions and immensely influencing later works including the james bond series .
as inspector general of medical services , he contributed immensely to the establishment of the university college hospital , ibadan , the first medical school in nigeria , he later became a pro - chancellor and chairman of the governing council at the university of ibadan .
tu duc was immensely encouraged by the outcome of the siege , and had the news of the allied evacuation proclaimed throughout vietnam .
he was such a frightening and nightmarish character when first introduced that in several episodes after his introduction , parents of younger viewers actually complained that he was " too evil " for the show ; this resulted in zedd being toned down immensely ( an action that has been heavily criticized by older fans ) , such as his marriage to rita repulsa , whom he earlier banished out of disgust , and soon after making the character ( and his plans and monsters ) more comedic .
professor kelly brownell ’s immensely popular lecture course , “ the psychology , biology , and politics of food ” regularly enrolls more than 300 students and is one of yale ’s most well - attended classes .
the poem was immensely successful throughout europe and over the next two centuries various sections were frequently adapted as individual storylines for operas , plays , ballets and masquerades ; scenes from the poem were also depicted in paintings and frescoes ( for example , at fontainebleau in france ) .
grizzly peak in yosemite valley is promentory on the southwest wall below the immensely popular half dome .
her regular contributions to the " saturday evening post " were immensely popular and helped the magazine mold american middle - class taste and manners .
however , william makepeace thackeray enjoyed the book immensely : " to us , it appears it is a good christmas book , illuminated with extra gas , crammed with extra bonbons , french plums and sweetness [ ... ] this story is no more a real story than peerybingle is a real name ! "
born in pontiac michigan and raised in middle tennessee , pro has been exposed to many things that have crafted his music immensely .
by the end of the first world war , the railways had suffered immensely and were in a poor state .
the author acknowledges the positive and negative outlooks towards globalization , and states , " in the context of globalisation , thinking and acting as global citizens is immensely important and can bring real benefits , as the ymca experience shows . "
frequent interruption of power supply was a problem until the mid 1990s ; however the situation has since improved immensely with seldom power cuts occurring presently .
" common sense " was immensely popular , but how many people were converted to the cause of independence by the pamphlet is unknown .
" carrie " received immensely positive reviews and is widely regarded as one of the best films of 1976 .
coccas was large and immensely strong .
consequently the scope , character , and influence of newspapers was in the period immensely widened and enriched , and rendered relatively free from the worst subjection to political control .
it was an immediate success and was immensely popular on online forums and music sites .
shapey was dubbed by critics leonard meyer and bernard jacobson as a " radical traditionalist , " which pleased him immensely -- he held a deep respect for the masters of the past , whom he regarded as his finest teachers .
the book was immensely popular and went through multiple printings in the united states , and was translated into a number of other languages , notably german in 1925 .
even after having half his body torn off , yosei continues to fight o - kagachi , but the serpent is immensely larger than the dragon and does n't even feel the effects of yosei 's attacks .
it appears that depiction of a dispute in company where fictional film - star naved khan falls between mallik 's and chandu 's disputing gangs gangs and becomes immensely confused , has been a reference to that notable interview where chotta shakeel almost leaves a clarification of underworld 's finance in indian film industry .
he is an immensely agile and robust warrior and an adept swordsman in battle .
paleontologists from the san bernardino county museum in redlands , california uncovered thousands of fossils in the diamond and domenigoni valleys that will add immensely to the store of public knowledge about the region .
the number of master ’s degrees conferred has grown immensely since the 1990s and accounts for one of the discipline areas that awards the highest number of master ’s degrees in the united states .
tracks from the album have been immensely popular with drum and bass djs , the likes of goldie , zero tolerance and high contrast using tracks from " overflow " in their live mixes .
the oldest part of blair castle , known as comyn 's ( or cumming 's ) tower , a small tower - house with immensely thick walls , is claimed ( perhaps dubiously ) to date from as early as the 13th century .
the school has grown immensely since 1952 under the reign of president , dr. mary leyhe burke , who is now succeeded by mr. mark anderson .
in europe various types of charivari took place and differed immensely from other parts of the world .
she was immensely popular in the time that she wrote , contributing hundreds of novels and short stories during her lifetime .
although he was an immensely capable general and statesman , cesare would have trouble maintaining his domain without continued papal patronage .
this being , just like most of the " everafter " characters , is much darker and seemingly immensely more powerful than his fairytale counterpart .
the shows proved immensely popular .
rabindranath tagore said , " mr narayana iyengar impressed me immensely with his expert expositions " .
he favourably compared the chancellor of the exchequer gordon brown to thatcher and claimed both are " immensely able , a workaholic , driven by values from a protestant upbringing " but that in an election against brown , cameron " may look unprincipled and insubstantial " .
frenzy was immensely popular among tiger sharks fans ( and tallahassee natives in general )
they were subsequently attacked by the blendtrons , an immensely powerful trio of transformers .
as wheat flour and baking powder / baking soda became available in the late 1800s , buttermilk biscuits became immensely popular .
though aided immensely by the angevins , the lords of montferrat had never been known for loyalty to a cause or party and william was no different , abandoning charles soon after his success , probably fearful of charles ' rising power in italy and of being encircled by an angevin state .
the french - canadian had an immensely successful season , winning rookie of the year honours .
the book was immensely popular and went through multiple printings in the united states , and was translated into a number of other languages , notably german in 1925 .
it was immensely successful and just six weeks later was broadcast again , live , from the " millowitsch - theater " .
it becoming immensely popular in the immediate pre- and post - second world war period .
she is described as immensely enjoying her work .
none of the female actors who were part of the industry were came to be known as superstars though there were immensely popular stars like miss kumari , sharada , sheela , shobhana , urvashi , manju warrier , samyuktha varma , kavya madhavan and meera jasmine .
upon learning hopper is immensely afraid of birds , flik and the circus bugs form a plan to create a fake bird to terrorise the grasshoppers .
the immensely successful inter - collegiate cultural festival ' the summons ' attracts participants from all parts of the country to take part in a literary - cultural - sport extravanganza .
bc ) was a member of an immensely wealthy athenian noble family , the philaids .
the original roa was an immensely skilled sorcerer , supposedly unmatched during his time .
each unit of a respective nation speaks its own language , adding immensely to the immersion .
may hezlet published a book titled " ladies golf " in 1904 that was immensely popular and a 2nd edition was published 1907 with an additional updating chapter .
harry 's many complaints about britain made the immensely patriotic basil fawlty irate and caused him to throw some anti - american remarks back at him , all of which go over his head .
upon entering the match , all robots had to pass an inspection , and if modified immensely , must be reinspected .
he was immensely popular with the reading public and wrote a stream of bestselling novels which earned him a considerable fortune .
he surrounded pitsbourga with powerful walls , adding further to his local prestige , but although immensely strong these were of traditional design and vulnerable to artillery .
many people had believed the bulletin to be real , and that new jersey truthfully was being torn up by giant and immensely powerful martians .
in this field we can utilize heaps of help , it is immensely big , anyone who will work seriously can achieve much and distinguish himself .
lords of the plane of xoriat , the realm of madness , daelkyr are immortal and immensely powerful , and have legions of monsters created by them ( like beholders , mind flayers and other kinds of aberrations ) at their command .
g. fedorov - davydov continued traditions of pre - revolutionary orientalists - numismatists ( h.m.fren , p.s.savelyev , and others ) , immensely contributing to the wealth of knowledge in the field , including the birth and development of the russian monetary system and terminology .
he also penned three books in the able team series , which was a spin - off of the immensely popular mack bolan exceutioner novels .
his style was always lucid , immensely readable for the newcomer to yoga , yet his content was surprisingly profound ( he had taken an m.a. in oriental mysticism at columbia university and was a friend of alan watts ) .
the program is immensely popular and many countries across the world .
on the discworld , sourcerers - wizards who are sources of magic , and thus immensely more powerful than normal wizards – were the main cause of the great mage wars that left areas of the disc uninhabitable .
the second film , along with its soundtrack , was immensely popular in russia .
today , the opera has become immensely popular and it is a staple of the standard operatic repertoire .
also , the design of roads by the farsighted social reformer of the village , late babua khan , is acknowledged for the safety despite being so immensely populated .
the importance of a good cat score to a student in india aspiring for an mba has led to a burgeoning and immensely profitable coaching business .
after singing in bremen , leipzig and frankfort he reached dresden , where for a term he sang with josef tichatschek ( whom he admired immensely ) and johanna wagner , sometimes under richard wagner 's baton , though not himself a wagnerian .
adam leads peter to victoria pratt , the creator of the immensely dangerous " strain 138 " that he attempted to release in 1977 .
he was later joined by immensely talented bahraini defender hussain ali baba who was another former al riffa player .
she has written five books on women 's history including women of victorian sussex , which tony benn described as " well researched , scholarly and immensely readable " , and has created a website called women of hastings and st leonards - a social history containing many details about life for women in a typical english south coast town in the c19th and early c20th , and is currently creating another , about the women 's suffrage movement .
on his appointment to birmingham , sterling said that he was ' looking forward immensely to the challenge of leading the university of birmingham into its second century .
sleng teng " boosted jammy 's popularity immensely , and other producers quickly released their own versions of the riddim , accompanied by dozens of different vocalists .
the creators are immensely old and senile , and wish to find their home system to die there ; but they have forgotten where it is .
the type has proved immensely successful , chosen by 37 military forces around the world , and some 1,000 civil operators .
the harsh , rough and true - to - life quality of the cinematography contributed immensely to the credibility in the film ’s story and played a crucial role in its commercial and critical success , " states kamran .
on returning to the united states he found his fame ephemeral and turned to a writing project at todd school that would become the immensely successful " everybody 's shakespeare " , and subsequently , " the mercury shakespeare " .
kana is more than happy to serve mizuho any way she can , since she admires him immensely .
dilhani is one of the few who contributed immensely towards keeping sinhala cinema afloat .
although a large part of qarabağ 's support is drawn from the local aghdam population , they remain immensely well supported in the rest of azerbaijan .
" the new york post " applauded frank sinatra , remarking that " he proves he is an actor by playing the luckless maggio with a kind of doomed gaity that is both real and immensely touching . " " newsweek " also stated that " frank sinatra , a crooner long since turned actor , knew what he was doing when he plugged for the role of maggio . "
despite his popularity , he was faced with two astute political opponents : the immensely wealthy crassus and julius caesar .
while not shown to be regenerative , the super gyaos is immensely physically tough , able to easily shrug off missile attacks , and even survive orbital re - entry however this is n't surprising as many kaiju have done things similar to these feats .
the album helped to establish thursday as an immensely popular group in the indie and alternative rock music scenes .
soon afterwards he became the leading disk jockey on radio deejay , where his works quickly began immensely popular among the younger hungarian population .
jane ellen harrison , a respected historian of greek religion and a fellow of newnham college , cambridge , gave frazer 's immensely popular work academic credibility , and it has retained the reputation of a middle - brow classic .
this angered ungoliant , who , having grown immensely powerful from ingesting the life force of the two trees , trapped melkor in her webs .
interestingly , she often ends up having sex , despite being immensely unattractive in just about all senses of the word .
" one hundred famous views of edo " ( issued serially between 1856 and 1859 ) was immensely popular .
the egyptian priesthood , backbone of the bureaucracy and virtual monopolists of knowledge , have grown immensely wealthy at the expense of the pharaoh and the country .
other works that are thought to anticipate his novelistic career include : " the family instructor " ( 1715 ) , an immensely successful conduct manual on religious duty ; " minutes of the negotiations of monsr .
the tales , 185 in sum , became immensely popular among both black and white readers in the north and south .
it is a weapon so powerful that it creates an immensely deafening sonic booms whenever it is fired that shatters glass for hundreds of yards around .
all the same , she bore a son , john , the next year , and she loved her child immensely .
in practice , galgalatz would eventually create an audience comprised mostly of 15 to 35-year - olds , amongst which the station was immensely popular .
laura subsequently confided to degas that , living in exile , she missed her neapolitan family , and further , that her husband was " immensely disagreeable and dishonest ... living with gennaro , whose detestable nature you know and who has no serious occupation , shall soon lead me to the grave . "
when nicholas yonge published " musica transalpina " in 1588 , it proved to be immensely popular , and the vogue for madrigal composition in england can be said to truly have started then .
it teaches how to advance and retreat , to get in range of the opponent without lowering one 's defence , aids in hitting and blocking , and it strengthens the body immensely enabling the person to receive non - lethal blows and still continue the battle .
however , it is made evident that even though he resents his brother , and suffers immensely because of him , he still loves him very much .
robyn released three more singles—"who 's that girl ? " , " handle me " and " crash and burn girl "— from the eponymous lp , which proved immensely popular in sweden .
the 2000 summer paralympics in sydney have boosted public awareness immensely and it led to the introduction of this sport to grand slams of pedestrian tennis .
the " waterloo " album only peaked at # 145 on the billboard 200 album chart , but received unanimous high praise from the us critics : los angeles times called it " a compelling and fascinating debut album that captures the spirit of mainstream pop quite effectively ... an immensely enjoyable and pleasant project " , while creem characterized it as " a perfect blend of exceptional lovable compositions " .
the democratic republic of the congo ( abbreviated dr congo or drc ) , previously known as zaire , is immensely rich in natural resources and is thought to be , by all accounts , the wealthiest country on earth in regards to natural resources .
though an enigmatic ally , the phantom ranger proved immensely valuable to the turbo rangers .
various denominations of christianity , ranging from evangelicalism to catholicism , still view satanism negatively , on the basis of its potentially negative social impacts and unhealthy influence on children , calling for a ban on the immensely popular , critically acclaimed " harry potter " series , from perceptions of the series 's many themes in witchcraft , to very mixed global reactions .
lt colonel fazal hussain is the oic of the public health and the team public health has contributed immensely in this accomplishment .
olive redpath was a victorian era stage actress who was immensely popular in the late 1890s and into the early 20th century .
" wii sports " has been immensely successful commercially .
mr. roset is showing himself a man of extraordinary public spirit , he is bridging the lachlan with an immensely strong bridge , the piles are three feet diameter at the butt , and driven twelve feet into the bed of the river ; the approaches are excellent , and work to the present time has cost over £ 2,000 , and it is half done ” .
kinhal has an immensely rich artistic heritage .
the golden girls " , which also starred beatrice arthur , estelle getty , and rue mcclanahan , was immensely successful and ran from 1985 through 1992 .
the spouge industry grew immensely by the end of the 1970s , and produced popular stars like blue rhythm combo , the draytons two and the troubadours , desmond weekes .
economically , the salazar years were marked by immensely increased growth .
the songs performed by fairuz as part of the plays have become immensely popular among the lebanese and arabs around the world .
within this bureaucracy the zoroastrian priesthood was immensely powerful .
the apparent cause of this distribution of humans is the mysterious and immensely powerful posthuman entity which calls itself " the eschaton " .
intended to surpass its predecessor in opulence , the series ' producers were handed an immensely high budget for the era , and cast a handful of well - known stars among its leads , including charlton heston , barbara stanwyck , katharine ross and ricardo montalban .
the novel and its film and tv series adaptations became immensely popular among chinese - speaking communities around the world .
the game was immensely popular in japan , setting records for pc game sales .
in 1934 he published an immensely - stimulating book on contemporary musical developments , " music to - day " .
besides , it has immensely contributed to the development of technical and managerial expertise .
however , it did something more important than any of that - it ignited the spark within him and lodged the mightstone and the weakstone into urza 's eye sockets causing him to become a planeswalker , an immensely powerful immortal being , able to move around the multiverse with merely a thought .
since jan werich 's death in 1980 , he has remained immensely popular , and many of his most famous lines has gone down into popular legend .
being immensely popular in these regions , this style of cuisine is often falsely credited of being representative of hakka cuisine in general and authentic style of hakka cuisine is rarely known in these areas .
his final series for new zealand was a personal anti - climax for this immensely popular cricketer .
the ranger trainees were immensely proud of their battalion and did not want to be sent back to their old units as instructors in ranger tactics .
technical aspects of the film were immensely lauded , especially nirav shah 's cinematography , which " works big - time for the film " , as well as yuvan shankar raja 's music and background score , manu jagadh 's art work , while thyagaran 's " close combat action scenes " were cited as " spellbinding " .
as all of this takes place , tomorrow woman has revived herself by sheer willpower and saved metropolis , but in exchange releases dangerous , immensely powerful world - shattering rifts all through earth .
a first cousin of gautam chattopadhyay , he was the presenter of the band and also contributed immensely to the lyrics .
when once all enterprises belonged to the state and were supposed to be equally owned amongst all citizens , they fell into the hands of a few , who became immensely rich .
the olyka castle was immensely influential as the first square fort with corner bastions in the kresy and the prototype of many similar structures found in eastern europe .
the film had an immensely strong reaction in germany and was bestowed with acclaim and accolades around the world .
both jain philosophy and literature have contributed immensely to the religious and cultural landscape of karnataka .
zwingli said , " i esteem immensely the mother of god " , and , " the more the honor and love of christ increases among men , so much the esteem and honor given to mary should grow " .
narrative painting , with a wider color range and a much busier composition than the song painting , was immensely popular at the time of the ming dynasty ( 1368 - 1644 ) .
she proved immensely popular , and the greek line planned 27 cruises for 1964 .
although the ship was immensely popular it never generated enough revenue to be self - supporting ; on september 4 , 1962 the ship made its last trip before being towed to muskegon .
spengler argues that those states with continuous traditions of governance have been immensely more successful than those that have rejected tradition .
though the ice - harvesting industry had grown immensely by the turn of the 20th century , pollution and sewage had begun to creep into natural ice making it a problem in the metropolitan suburbs .
immensely grieved by the death of his favourite eldest son , iltumish built a tomb called the sultan ghari in memory of his son , in 1231 a.d. , close to the qutb complex .
heliodorus ' novel was immensely influential and was imitated by byzantine greeks and by french , italian , and spanish writers .
at first , so far as the public was concerned , his tenure was overshadowed , at least during the orchestra 's most conspicuous concert seasons , the proms , by the memory of sir malcolm sargent , who had been an immensely popular figure as chief conductor of the proms until 1966 .
his " seven dreams " included a sequence which was the source for johnny cash 's immensely popular recording , " folsom prison blues " .
immensely enlightened for the era , bhagvatsingh educated all his family , including his wife and daughters , one of whom was sent to edinburgh to study art .
the details of " araby " are immensely important in setting the mood ; dreary , dark dublin is the living , symbolic backdrop for the story .
he was immensely popular where he went , finishing the tour in ireland and canada .
the san antonio " express - news " called it an " impressive debut " . brett atwood of " billboard " called " you just get one " an " immensely likeable " single .
it was immensely successful and sold over five million copies .
to increase the interest of the non - technical visitors of nascon , a giant dragon ship and ferris wheel were set up at the grounds of the university which proved to be immensely successful .
gérard , immensely successful painter of portraits under the empire — some of them admirable — fell in with the new vogue for large pictures of history , but without enthusiasm . "
he grew immensely wealthy and rose to become " zamindar " of kaswar in the service of the " nazim " .
an otaku in every sense , he loves lum immensely , and has sworn to serve her .
these stereoscopes were immensely popular for decades .
their weapon of choice is the ( immensely over - sized ) guqin - guzheng hybrid .
lately american historian francis fukuyama was inspired by an alleged thesis of hegel , namely the end of history , to write an immensely popular book .
and moreover , fielding ability and speed on the bases were immensely more crucial and challenging in a dominant pitching league .
the show was immensely popular in the puget sound area and southwestern british columbia , canada , with children of course but also their parents who enjoyed j.p. 's frequent use of double entendre and sly subversiveness .
today the tower commands an admirable view of the town , harbour , sea , and surrounding countryside . beautifully built in grey sandstone ashlar , and immensely tall , it is a land- and sea - mark seen from many miles away , its prominence doubtless meant to guide pilgrims to the place of the apostle 's relics .
during this time , they were considered to be an immensely popular hobby often noted for how seriously it was taken by its participants .
the geatest patron of the dominican friars of roskilde was the immensely powerful dowager duchess ingeborg ( 1301-c.1360 ) , mother of king magnus iv of sweden and vii of norway , who made them frequent gifts from at least 1330 onwards and also remembered them in her will .
the desperate shortage of any means of entertainment in the area meant that reruns of old silent films were still immensely popular .
after miltz , hilde , and niebel enter their area of battle , they are immensely surprised to see sieg hart still holding out even after such a time span .
this is a highly difficult task , as the sword is immensely strong - minded .
the helsa found in padma are immensely popular at home and abroad and are called the " silver helsa " .
of great significance were cabot 's reports of immensely rich fishing waters .
" captain noah and his floating zoo " has also been the subject of critical praise . the work received the 1976 ivor novello award for the best british work for children ; meanwhile , " the birmingham post " critic kenneth dommett stated , " joseph horovitz 's " captain noah and his floating zoo " is an established favourite wherever and however it is performed ... the immensely witty and skilful libretto by michael flanders makes it a sure fire winner . "
rama is allowed to enter along with his brothers , who feel immensely guilty , but do not argue .
thus he exaggerates immensely the value of jean racine and nicolas boileau - despréaux , but depreciates pierre corneille and even molière .
the engravings seen today on corner stones of the church are still immensely inspiring .
the logo proved immensely popular and hitmen merchandise sold well at many local retailers .
alfred noyes 's narrative poem " the highwayman " has been immensely popular ever since its publication in 1906 .
since yetts were immensely heavy , and there is no evidence to suggest they were prefabricated , it is likely each specimen was made locally rather than transported large distances , either by local smiths or itinerant specialists .
simeon , the legal holder of the couple ’s wealth , had died an “ immensely wealthy man ” .
from romanes on , there have always been comparative psychologists who have been more or less cognitively inclined : obvious examples are wolfgang köhler , famous for his studies of insight in chimpanzees , and edward c. tolman , who introduced into psychology , as an explanation of the behavior of rats in mazes , two ideas that have been immensely influential in human cognitive psychology - the cognitive map and the idea of decision - making in risky choice according to expected value .
palestrina was immensely famous in his day , and if anything his reputation increased after his death .
it is the follow up to the immensely successful flight simulation " red baron " , released in 1990 . "
the arwi language contributed immensely to the education and progression of muslim women in south india and sri lanka .
after the deaths of caiera and his people he inherited the stone - based " oldstrong power " , drawing power from the planet itself , enabling him to turn his body into immensely hard and strong ' mystic rock ' .
it is immensely difficult to perform , and presents many kinds of problems which arise from the work 's form and the style ; these problems can only be overcome after long and patient study which has to be supervised perfectly .
yet , some of these people " confirmed what the advocates and enthusiasts have claimed -- namely , that marital swinging can provide physically intense experiences , that it can be immensely ego - gratifying and that it is a temporary release from confinement and responsibility and a brief chance to live out one 's wildest fantasies . "
to support this program various civil society organizations and ngo ’s have contributed immensely to ensure that adults could gain skills useful in the current job market .
hongisto became immensely popular in cleveland , especially with the city 's ethnic eastern european community .
training styles , duration , and intensity varies immensely from athlete to athlete and is based on the experience and strength of the athlete as well as on their coaching style .
like previous hilton works , including " lost horizon " and " goodbye , mr. chips " , the novel was immensely popular , placing second on " the new york times " list of bestselling novels for the year .
unaware that culp 's consciousness was actually within shade , he and dr. fate destroyed the wise fools operation and threw the bubble into an empty dimension ( where it continued to immensely grow in power and size ) , unaware that culp had foreseen all of it and that it was only a step in a much larger plan , one which almost culminated in the destruction of opal city .
" story about a true man " ( also translated as " story of a real man " ) , based on the life of alexey maresyev , was an immensely popular novel .
the immensely popular uk show was aimed at pre - school children , but the article stated " he is purple - the gay pride color ; and his antenna is shaped like a triangle - the gay - pride symbol . "
although the corleone family is presented as immensely rich and powerful , there is no hint of where its money comes from , no scenes depicting prostitution , gambling , loan sharking or other forms of racketeering .
as physical on the ice as bouchard was , he was also regarded as a clean player and only rarely participated in hockey fights . immensely strong
anson 's capture of an immensely valuable manila galleon was more than offset for the spaniards by their privateers ' ruining of the british transatlantic triangular trade , with the seizure of hundreds of british ships ; operating as they did with virtual impunity in the west indies and were also active in european waters .
as a result of this practice , many developers were compelled to pick the immensely popular nes over the upstart nec console , resulting in a catch-22 for the turbografx-16 : most developers would only consider taking a risk on the tg-16 if it became more popular , and yet it could not accomplish this because only a handful of north american publishers would support it .
flowers are immensely varied , and can be single or double .
it was immensely popular when it was published , although a very conventional novel and sometimes laboured ; the writing is direct and powerfully evokes the terrible poverty and the peculiar intimacy of pre - independence dublin .
one of thames ' 1974 " armchair cinema " entries , a one - off detective drama entitled " regan " by ian kennedy martin , successfully spun - off into the immensely popular series " the sweeney " .
this was immensely popular with capetonians and when jansen returned to performing he was always met with affection , love and respect .
knowing that ah hor would be immensely displeased if ah ka worked with ah hung on an intimate level , ah hung attempted to convince ah ka to work with her in the large and famous mooncake business that she ran .
nagabanas have largely remained unspoilt and have contributed immensely to the preservation of valuable trees and medicinal plants in tulu nadu
however , it was immensely popular , both in the uk and elsewhere , and especially in the countries the actors portrayed .
they need to be immensely strong to do a job which consists of carrying over a short distance anything up to an entire yak 's load several times a day .
an internal email from svp of mac hardware & engineering bob mansfield expressed concerns about his ability to fill the position but noted that papermaster is " immensely smart about microprocessor design , large systems , and semiconductors . "
all the same , she bore a son , john , the next year , and she loved her child immensely .
he had an enormous influence on musical life in britain : he improved access immensely , and also raised the standard of orchestral playing and nurtured the taste of the public , introducing them to a vast repertoire of music , encouraging especially compositions by british composers .
his brother is former actor and now dallas businessman gregory beecroft , famous for three extremely popular soap opera roles : " guiding lights tony reardon ( 1981 - 1985 ) ; brock lombard on " as the world turns " ( 1988 - 1989 ) ; and the short - lived but immensely successful recast of duke lavery on " general hospital " ( 1989 - 1990 ) .
this was again successful and with the exception of a few minor criticisms proved immensely popular with those attending .
they vacated the building and shipped his personal belongings by boat to luang prabang , which upset him immensely .
because of its utility , form criticism became immensely influential in germany and europe during the 20th century , being applied and developed by important scholars like gerhard von rad and martin noth .
the propaganda had hindered the drive immensely as the local people saw volunteers and workers for the world health organization vaccination program as a threat and in some cases the immunization teams were physically beaten .
they are also known as " patrones de la cumbia " ( masters of the cumbia ) . and are immensely popular in panamanian pop culture .
