he suffered the first of several strokes in 1995 , which severely impeded his ability to continue working .
the m134 had a host of issues which impeded its development .
in 1989 , silivaş 's training was hampered by the closure of the deva national training center during the romanian revolution and further impeded by a knee injury .
thematically , the composer references his own ideas from the previous score and two elements from williams ' work , however it was the lack of true thematic variation and development that impeded the success and overall response for this soundtrack .
though the brigade 's movement was impeded by italian protestors , the italian police provided escort operations to the brigade and ensured that it reached the air base without incident , and was not significantly delayed .
" thunderbolt ! " is a 1947 film documenting the american aerial operations of operation strangle in early 1944 , when american flyers based on corsica successfully impeded axis supply lines to the gustav line and anzio beachhead .
the saikashuu were famed for the support of ikko buddhist sect movements and greatly impeded the advance of oda nobunaga 's forces .
following the construction of dams and hydropower reservoirs , the migration and natural reproduction has been impeded , and the taxon is now considered as extinct in the wild by the iucn .
a new peace preservation law in 1928 , however , further impeded communist efforts by banning the parties they had infiltrated .
supporters held that the veil impeded physical exercise and the ability of women to enter society and contribute to the progress of the nation .
local officials also impeded the reform process .
superdistribution is a highly efficient means of distribution because distribution is not impeded by any barriers and anyone can become a distributor .
but in 2006 , at the age of 88 , ill health brought on by complications from post - polio syndrome , and writer 's block , impeded his progress , and he asked pohl for help .
hall was the yankees ' pa announcer for the whole 2008 season , because sheppard was continuously impeded by health problems .
these busts were unusually well - preserved , owing to the anaerobic conditions of their interment and a stable water temperature that impeded microbial decay .
arbitrary high mlss concentrations are not employed , however , as oxygen transfer is impeded due to higher and non - newtonian fluid viscosity .
while this factor impeded development towards a nation - state , it ensured plentiful job opportunities for ambitious bureaucrats and entrepreneurs .
the raw approach , by directly dealing with all the parameters used to fully characterize a quantum many - body system is seriously impeded by the lavishly exponential buildup with the system size of the amount of variables needed for simulation , which leads , in the best cases , to unreasonably long computational times and extended use of memory .
the movie is about a steel worker , leo , who tries to live a carefree life , but his progress towards that goal is impeded by the steel mill management that does its best to earn a profit before the steel bubble bursts and the company goes under .
the navigation of the river is considerably impeded by the sandbars and small islands and some time is lost is searching for the proper channel .
the absence of overland transportation , except for the mule trains , impeded internal economic integration , political cohesion , and military efficiency .
vorster also severely limited the supply from south africa of fuel , munitions and aircraft spares that were badly needed by the government in the bush war and this consequently severely impeded the rhodesian war effort .
the new edging processes for coins impeded them from being clipped into smaller pieces as did happen when coins were hammer - struck .
consequently , patient treatment was greatly impeded ; doctors had to travel long distances to various wards scattered throughout the hospital to treat patients .
the originally intended viennese première was impeded by the outbreak of the world war i and the entrance of italy in the alliance against austria - hungary , hence the opéra de monte - carlo was chosen to present it , with gilda dalla rizza and tito schipa in the leading roles .
in 1831 , one william primm wrote a lecture in which he stated that the governor had not only sold the gunpowder stores to the enemy , he had acted in a cowardly manner during the engagement and deiberately impeded the defense of the village .
iron panning has impeded drainage locally and peaty soils have developed where wet flushes occur .
it is argued that the puzzle simply arises due to entry barriers ( both practical and psychological ) which have traditionally impeded entry by individuals into the stock market , and that returns between stocks and bonds should stabilize as electronic resources open up the stock market to a greater number of traders ( see freeman , 2004 for a review ) .
along with some accurate warnings which were given by the ira , two more hoax warnings were called in , which impeded the evacuation of the area .
amber then decides to look for clues at erica 's apartment , but is impeded when sheila throws a pot at the window and the police arrive , arresting amber and causing the forresters to distrust her further .
the same tail wind that had helped italia to the pole now impeded their progress .
he related about himself : “ all my desire was to pray to god , my intention was to go on pilgrimage to rescue my soul , because surrounding life was full of secular vanity and impeded my holy wish ” .
ljungman was convicted of accounting and having impeded tax supervision in january 26 , 2009 .
in the letter molina stated : " the cuban government impeded me from temporarily visiting argentina for a reunion , after 11 years of forcible separation , with my son , who is a naturalized argentine , and with his wife who is an argentine citizen " .
jehovah 's witnesses from various regions of the country have complained that their ability to practice their religion freely has been impeded by local town councils and orthodox priests and adherents .
emergency personnel worked for many hours in the frigid cold , impeded as they were by the stainless - steel amfleet cars ' skin 's resistance to the ordinary hydraulic rescue tools at their command , to extricate trapped passengers from the wreckage as helicopters and ambulances transported injured people to hospitals and trauma centers .
helen discovers the bodies , but says nothing to the police ; she 's leaving town and does n't want to be impeded .
the icrc issued a statement that the hospital was taken by yalahow 's fighters , despite repeated calls by the international committee of the red cross ( icrc ) and the somali red crescent society for medical facilities to be spared , that the hospital was clearly marked with the red crescent emblem and that the military operation impeded the access of new casualties to the hospital .
according to the behaviourist theories prevailing at the time , language learning was a question of habit formation , and this could be reinforced or impeded by existing habits .
terracing allowed for an increased soil depth and impeded soil erosion .
survivors were seen from a helicopter but rescue efforts were impeded by the high altitude .
if pore water flow is impeded then this gas charging leads to excess pore water pressure and decreased slope stability .
severe weather impeded activities as did dangerous crevices .
last but not least , regional anaesthesia can be provided by injecting local anaesthetics directly into the veins of an arm ( provided the venous flow is impeded by a tourniquette . )
the full extent of the ancient city is not known either , principally because excavation is impeded by the fact that most mounds have inhabited structures on them .
sand and stones deposited from the jade mines have impeded the flow during the monsoons and caused flooding with damage to the roads . '
cairoli was one of the most conspicuous representatives of that type of italian public men who , having conspired and fought for a generation in the cause of national unity , were despite their valour little fitted for the responsible parliamentary and official positions they subsequently attained ; and who by their ignorance of foreign affairs and of internal administration unwittingly impeded the political development of their country .
these limits were designed to enable other airlines to offer competitive schedules on short haul routes where british airways or cityflyer was the sole or dominant carrier , without resorting to compulsory slot transfers that would have impeded british airways ' ability to run an effective hub - and - spoke operation at gatwick .
impeded from gaining access to the narrow channel , brown withdrew to the south towards punta gorda to wait for the brazilians .
as the screw is turned and the plunger retracted , flow between the seat and the plunger is possible ; however , until the plunger is completely retracted the fluid flow is significantly impeded .
the prose of " principles of knowledge " was so obscure , in fact , that it also impeded the acceptance of hutton 's geological theories .
the development of a standard german was impeded by political disunity and strong local traditions until the invention of printing made possible a " high german - based book language .
both in the congress regimes and in the bjp regime , external pressures have impeded their development .
research institutes developed sophisticated industrial technologies , but bureaucratic and political obstacles impeded implementation .
however since 2006 local newspapers , politicians and mps have attacked plans to reduce services at chase farm . which has impeded the proposed changes .
as a result of this game of tug - of - war , the development of a distinct macedonian national identity was impeded and delayed .
he scored on his bradford debut , a 2–1 win at home to swansea city on march 12 , 1994 , but his progress was impeded by a virus which threatened his career .
agitated to get his revenge , he impeded their fight half - way and challenged chimera , but was disallowed further interference by dorothy and had to return to his post outside the stage .
on the other hand , aminat ’s inability to use her face to catch the light impeded her performance while teyona struggled against various elements ( rain & darkness ) during her photo shoot , causing tyra to have difficulty in shooting her as well .
sirianism appears to be a major feature in what has been termed " sedeimpeditism " , which is distinguished from sedevacantism in that sedeimpeditists do not believe that the holy see is vacant ( " sede vacante " ) , but rather that a real legitimate pope exists , but that he has been impeded by outside forces ( " sede impedita " ) from taking his office , which is still rightfully his " de jure " , or " by law " .
however , navigation was increasingly impeded by weirs and mills , and in the 14th century the river probably ceased to be navigable for heavy traffic between henley and oxford .
lack of a stable and trustworthy banking system has impeded haiti ’s economic development .
the ancient city was excavated only on a very small scale in 1915 - 16 ce , and further excavation work has been impeded by a high water table which threatens the integrity of ancient structures .
the rescue operation was impeded by rain , darkness , and access problems caused by the narrow country lanes and muddy fields .
the album received critical praised for its honed sound and high production quality , which thoroughly nullified the language barrier that frequently impeded non –
according to the gomez martinez indictment , he is , among other things , responsible for ensuring that la familia 's drug trafficking activities are not impeded by law enforcement , and also for acquiring weapons for use by the cartel .
for this , spielberg fixed some of the flaws he thought impeded the original 1977 version of the film and also , at the behest of columbia , and as a condition of spielberg revising the film , shot additional footage showing the audience the interior of the mothership seen at the end of the film ( a decision spielberg would later regret as he felt the interior of the mothership should have remained a mystery ) .
but the growing reputation of mazarin impeded his ambition , and his 1645 liaison with the beautiful duchess of longueville made him irrevocably a " frondeur " .
access was impeded by parked cars .
the official reason for his departure , according to various members of the band , was his heavy substance abuse which impeded his ability to work .
jonny evans looked to have restored united 's lead on the stroke of half - time , but his header was ruled out after the referee deemed cristiano ronaldo to have impeded ryan nelsen .
further investigation of the mass grave sites were impeded by rashid dostum 's continuing military control over the area and due to intimidation .
despite heavy seas , which precluded periscope use and torpedo firing during much of the patrol , and mechanical breakdowns , which impeded approaches to targets , she torpedoed and sank three " maru"s and , in surface action , destroyed three sampans to add over 12,000 tons to her score .
it thrived for many years with that name but whether the decision impeded , in certain respects , the development of ergonomics in canada remains questionable .
police investigators who later reviewed the path that led them to metesky said that con edison had impeded the investigation for almost two years by repeatedly telling them that the records of employees whose services were terminated prior to 1940 , the group metesky was in , had been destroyed .
quiroga 's grave sickness impeded him from continuing to direct the war , and he handed the task over to his son - in - law martín ruiz de gamboa .
the use of multiple middle names has been somewhat impeded recently by the increased use of computer databases that allow for only a single middle name or more commonly a middle initial in storing personal records , effectively depriving persons with multiple middle names of the ability to be listed in such databases under their full name .
personality clashes between officials in the two branches in the sudan political service also impeded the south 's growth .
scottie realizes that he has conquered his acrophobia and his ascent , therefore , is not impeded by vertigo .
advancing with his tank a few yards ahead of the infantry in support of a vigorous attack on hostile positions , sergeant timmerman maintained steady fire from his antiaircraft sky mount machine gun until progress was impeded by a series of enemy trenches and pillboxes .
even patched , though , the game was reported to be buggy , and it still retained the issues mentioned above that impeded gameplay .
during takeoff from mather , a panel door on laggin ' dragon enclosing the life raft compartment opened and ejected the raft , which wrapped around the horizontal elevator on the tail and impeded the b-29 ' ’s elevators .
outbreaks of famine , flood , and plague impeded the economy still further .
this impeded their work , which at that point consisted mainly of collecting , analyzing , and transmitting to washington time - sensitive market information on agricultural commodities .
these aircraft , which had been preserved in hangars and stores were damaged while being transported to kartal - maltepe and casulties occurred during the turkish independence war impeded the establishment of the air museum .
although most early georgia colonists were english , scottish , and german artisans seeking arable land or freedom of religion , many of them complained to their leaders that the slave ban created a labor shortage that impeded local finances compared to other southern colonies .
occasionally an apostolic administrator is appointed by the holy see to run a vacant diocese , or even a diocese whose bishop is incapacitated or otherwise impeded .
however , the band 's growth has been greatly impeded due to the loss of two members who are moving away for college .
germany 's involvement in wwi seriously impeded both production and export .
while the casting of these spells is not impeded by heavy armor , it may require the caster to wear a holy symbol as a focus .
this status impeded kaneko from receiving formal education and recognition in society .
when taste is impeded , the food experience can be improved through means other than taste , such as texture , aroma , temperature , and color .
in humans , artificial insemination was originally developed as a means of helping couples to conceive where there were ' male factor ' problems of a physical or psychological nature affecting the male partner which prevented or impeded conception .
unterdöbling ’s development was impeded by a lack of available land and remained behind that of oberdöbling .
the events of that day impeded the progress of the organized labor movement in the south by as much as fifty years .
seizing all of asia minor as well as the holy land the seljuk turks soon impeded christian pilgrimages to jerusalem , forcing the byzantine emperor , alexius comnenus , to ask pope urban ii ( 1088–1099 ) for help against the turks in the early 1090s .
the mission was cancelled because of the partisan landings on korčula , and the bad weather which impeded the luftwaffe air support .
while his later career was impeded by illness , castleton was long remembered for his early performance in the southern association as well as his perfect game as a minor league pitcher .
however , his passionate hatred of thor , lust for power , and tendency to alienate others by his ignoble actions greatly impeded his ability to bring his well - laid plans to fruition .
the 1 may celebration is an optional memorial , and so is omitted if impeded .
after the british colonization of nigeria , jos plateau became one of the most important tourist destinations in nigeria , but touristic activity was impeded in early 21st century by a new conflict between christians and muslims .
she was impeded in her voyage south by adverse winds and did not reach st. augustine , florida , until 12 august .
those who ministered as anglican deacons , priests , or bishops , and who fulfill the requisites established by canon law and are not impeded by irregularities or other impediments may be accepted by the ordinary as candidates for holy orders in the catholic church .
in spain , in response to a surge in nuclear power plant proposals in the 1960s , a strong anti - nuclear movement emerged in 1973 , which ultimately impeded the realisation of most of the projects .
dense fog impeded her hunting .
they were condemned to one year 's exile on juan fernández island ; however , rodríguez was able to procure a document that impeded the completion of this sentence .
the book contains an analysis of the bush administration program medicare part d. thaler and sunstein state that " on some dimensions bush was on the right track " with the plan , but that , " as a piece of choice architecture ... it suffered from a cumbersome design that impeded good decision making " .
in the early morning as christ walked towards them , they realized that the sea that had impeded their movement was no obstacle to christ , and all that they feared brought no fear to jesus .
protesters impeded machinery and occupied sites associated with the construction work .
ray nonetheless criticized the white house in a statement regarding the release of the report , saying delays in the production of evidence and " unmeritorious litigation " by the president 's lawyers severely impeded the investigation 's progress , leading to the investigation 's nearly $ 60 million total cost .
planning to we d , they were impeded by argentina 's then - conservative nuptial laws , which precluded separated couples from remarrying .
everton complained that the crowd had impeded their attempts to clear the ball , thus presenting allen with the opportunity in the first place .
critics charge that the aids denialist policies of mbeki 's administration impeded the creation of effective programs for distribution of antiretroviral drugs , causing thousands of unnecessary deaths .
in 1939 he discovered he had cancer , and this discovery briefly impeded his self - study in archeology .
this approach was taken because of united states concerns that foreign investment in japan was impeded by a lack of various financial instruments in the country and by the government 's continued control of interest rates for many of those instruments that did exist .
sievering and the surrounding settlements suffered greatly during the ottoman wars in europe , which greatly impeded their development .
hrt does not usually cause facial hair growth to be impeded or the voice to change .
the song 's chart performance in the us was impeded due to the success of " my humps " on the charts .
in certain resort areas , structures had proliferated to such an extent that the protection actually impeded the recreational use of the beaches .
when the cast and crew discovered his young age , and the fact that he lived in the parking lot in a truck , they took him under their wings , and o'kane appeared in several episodes over three years , although having a thick glasgow accent impeded his chances of speaking on the show .
a critic for " the times " wrote of an october 1953 performance at chelsea town hall that " joyce hatto grappled doggedly with too hasty tempi in mozart 's " d minor piano concerto " and was impeded from conveying significant feelings towards the work , especially in quick figuration . "
this additional traffic required substantial improvements to the railway infrastructure notably at newhaven harbour where electric lighting was installed , but also at three bridges where a new freight marshalling yard was established , and at gatwick and haywards heath where passing sidings were constructed so that the frequent passenger trains would not be impeded by the slower moving freight .
the apostolic constitution itself speaks generically of the exclusion of those who are " impeded by irregularities or other impediments " , a phrase that it explains by making reference to the section of the code of canon law headed " .
the production of the episode was impeded by a fire near the sets several weeks before filming and problems crossing into europe .
the member states are mounting efforts to collaborate economically , but are impeded by civil wars raging in parts of africa .
way impeded the flow or the quality of the conversation that took place , and we may
other studies by lamoreaux deternined criteria for understanding how lava flow thickness may or may not be an indication that the progress of a lava flow was impeded by an ice barrier , resulting in an unusually thick lava flow .
the tang government oversaw canal lock efficiency and built granaries along route in case a flood or other disaster impeded the path of shipment .
surtees took the car 's first victory in the 2000 guineas race at mallory park in the middle of the season , but excess chassis flex impeded his championship hopes .
many respondents ( 41% ) reported that their physical / emotional suffering impeded emotional intimacy with partner(s ) , resulting in sexual dysfunction .
in the tridentine mass period of the roman rite , when a higher - ranked liturgical celebration impeded the celebration of a lesser that , either permanently or ( in a particular year ) by coincidence , fell on the same day , the prayer of the lower - ranked celebration was usually added to that of the higher .
the boggy ground however impeded the cavalry and they turned to engage the irish picquets whom sullivan had brought up in an attempt to stabilise the deteriorating jacobite left flank .
the minefields proved thicker than anticipated and clearing paths through them was impeded by heavy defensive fire .
there are also screen systems to use against beam attacks , though not all weapons are impeded by them ; missiles and mass driver projectiles can pass through to the hull , which are why pdss can be an asset .
population control efforts are impeded by there being somewhat of a taboo in some countries against considering any such efforts .
however , as the rugby players loudly celebrate one of their games at a bar one night , bill tipsily excuses himself to use the restroom ... and makes his way on foot , impeded only by the beers he 'd had .
in 1976 , a licence was granted by thames water authority for the flow of the brook to be impeded " by means of a weir " and to create " a pond suitable for canoe instruction " with a capacity of 120,000 gallons .
efficiency is important because many diseases depend upon processes within the cell and can only be impeded by drugs that make their way into the cell .
some people have voiced concerns that gymnasia are designed to accommodate a minority of privileged children and that talented working class children are impeded in gaining access to gymnasium .
this was partly attributable to the pedagogical style of teachers , and partly to the fact that many of these children had disabilities that impeded their performance .
of the deficiencies [ most to do with field packs ] the inner flaps on the small arms ammunition cases were asked to be removed as they impeded the rapid removal of cartridge magazines .
access to the a1gp cars and the ability to pay its suppliers has been impeded .
this is not impeded by darkness or fog or low underwater visibility , and is a great improvement on scanning the water surface by eye from above .
there are no toll booths along the entire length of the system , so traffic flow is not impeded .
there are a few notable hills in greater london , but none of them more than a few hundred feet high , and they have not impeded the development of the city in all directions .
the league cup returned to ibrox with victory over celtic in the final of 1986 - 1987 , the winner coming from the penalty spot after referee davie syme adjudged that terry butcher was impeded by roy aitken thus he pointed to the spot and it was netted by davie cooper .
the " j.o.n.a.s. " pilot was shot in 2007 , but the 2007–2008 writers guild of america strike impeded progress .
in doing so , the foot 's natural motion is impeded and the arch and lower leg are not able to absorb the shock of the landing .
it limited prisoner movement and impeded escape .
unfair dismissal claims are impeded because any firing is due to losing the support of one 's
however match referee howard webb ruled that kevin nolan impeded goalkeeper mark schwarzer disallowing the goal .
for example , if s / he claims an interest in the litigation , that interest may be impeded if s / he is not joined .
chuikov had witnessed firsthand the blitzkrieg tactics the nazis had used to sweep across the russian steppe , so he used the germans ' carpet - bombing of the city to draw panzer units into the rubble and chaos where their progress was impeded .
this caused a " chicken - and - egg " situation which , in some cases , impeded rather than hastened settlement .
the lowest finishing position of the whole season ( not calculating the united kingdom where his engine problem impeded him from finishing ) , 8th place , met talmácsi in australia , where he had problems with finding the right setup for the new suspension of his motorcycle .
orbitz 's rapid growth had not impeded its online competitors ' businesses which had continued to grow apace , and no evidence was found of price fixing .
autorotations can also be impeded by obstructions on the ground .
the " luftwaffe 's " operations includes a note of " vigorous enemy fighter activity through which our close reconnaissance in particular is severely impeded " .
the album was equally praised for its high production quality , which thoroughly nullified the language barrier that frequently impeded non –
after the first world war ( 1914–18 ) , despite the kingdom of italy ( 1861–1946 ) being a full - partner allied power against the central powers , italian nationalists claimed italy was cheated in the treaty of saint - germain - en - laye ( 1919 ) , thus the allies had impeded italy ’s progress to becoming a “ great power ” .
as the romans advanced in a wedge formation , the britons attempted to flee , but were impeded by the presence of their own families , whom they had stationed in a ring of wagons at the edge of the battlefield , and were slaughtered .
dana nelson offers an astute historical analysis of how the presidency , far from advancing this goal , has actually impeded it . "
of course , taping over the air intakes impeded engine cooling , and the peugeot was only the third group c1 car to exit the race after 59 laps with an overheating engine .
whittall was impeded by dion nash as he attempted a second and this resulted in the last batsman pommie mbangwa being run out .
she said that this had impeded the investigation into the jokela incident , and meant that people in the teaching profession were left unable to help students to some degree .
while this factor impeded development towards a nation - state , it ensured plentiful opportunities for ambitious bureaucrats and entrepreneurs .
the lamp prototypes were only available in high wattages ( 1000 + w ) , which impeded adoption in applications where light output demands were not great .
they saw to it that he received an excellent education at the collège des quatre - nations , but he was never a good student : he had a facial tumor that impeded his speech , and he was always preoccupied with drawing .
nehru came to hear of the new yorker article and the work of salim ali was impeded as ripley , the coauthor of his planned book , had become " public enemy number one " of india .
however , leicester pulled level four minutes from half - time after gary coatsworth 's long - ball forward was converted by steve walsh , the goal proved controversial though , with derby claiming goalkeeper martin taylor had been impeded by foxes ' striker iwan roberts .
however , martin responded that the information sharing between agencies in regards to the lakwana six investigation was not impeded before the introduction of section 203 , and that instead it was the agencies ' misreading of fisa .
combined with the fact that the communist system forbade any private business ( all the economy was nationalized ) , thus being impeded to profess the crafts that supported the livelihood , these roma became poorer during those decades .
this doctrine of corporate personhood has often impeded prosecution of corporate crime by allowing corporations to claim bill of rights protections in court , sometimes with success .
local narratives mention several instances when the ribeira grande impeded travel to fajãzinha , resulting in the faithful having services at the pedra da missa ( stone of mass ) , an elevated point on the river bank where they gathered , prayed and then dispersed after celebrating the liturgy .
initially , these were a result of the breakup of the soviet trading bloc and resulting loss of markets , which impeded the republic 's transition to a free market economy .
carlos arias navarro consistently impeded the king 's wishes of accelerating reform .
the status quo impeded researchers needing to reproduce computational results , make fair comparisons , and extend the state of the art .
besides having a voice in all capitular acts of his province he takes part in the general chapter , should his provincial be impeded .
during the conference , it was decided that this was the best alternative approach to resolve the " kadazan " or " dusun " identity crisis that had crippled and impeded the growth and development of the kadazan - dusun multi - ethnic community socio - culturally , economically and politically — ever since kadazanism versus dusunism sentiments were politicised in the early 1960s .
the prevalence of serfdom and the conservative policies of nicolas i ( 1825 - 1855 ) impeded the development of russia in the mid - nineteenth century , when a zenith period of russia 's power and influence in europe was disrupted by defeat in the crimean war .
sent to the fair grounds race course in new orleans , louisiana in february , notional scored a 2 1/4 length win in the risen star stakes under jockey robby albarado in a race where favorite circular quay was seriously impeded as a result of a race accident .
a seven year treaty is signed promising israel that they will not be impeded by their neighbors , and un recognizes their right to exist .
posts on royal yachts and tours arranged by the queen and edward actually impeded his progress , as his promotions were perceived as royal favours rather than deserved .
this structure forms when the cell has an excess of tryptophan and ribosome movement over the leader transcript is not impeded .
the progress on the left flank was eventually impeded by harassing fire from the " pimple " that was made worse when the creeping barrage got too far ahead of the advancing troops .
there are two distinct period of xeremia repertoire : during the first transmission of tunes was " closed " , with each pair of pipers maintaining a fixed repertoire and without introudcing new pieces , which also impeded other pipers from adopting their own , to the degree that pipers would refuse to play in front of other " collas " , in order to prevent their songs from being copied .
the following day , at the final , he won jamaica 's fourth gold of the games , setting a new world and olympic record of 19.30 s. johnson 's record fell despite the fact that bolt was impeded by a 0.9 m / s headwind .
following this , larsson impeded the arsenal goalkeeper and was cautioned as a result .
a " vowel " is any phoneme in which airflow is impeded only or mostly by the voicing action of the vocal cords .
" during this time ixithra had difficulties with bandmates that he considered incompetent and insincere that impeded his designs .
on average over 160,000 vehicles cross it every day ( notwithstanding the impeded flow ) , even though it was designed to be used by 40,000 .
the courts ensure that genuine and important religious rights are not impeded , and that questionable practices are limited only to the extent necessary .
it was suggested in the news that that the government had deliberately impeded the use of new environmentally friendly diesel engines by allowing only light goods vehicles to be fuelled by diesel .
other small mediaeval villages such as mas d’en bisbe , vilagrassa and vilafortuny , the latter of which had its own castle and church , also suffered the ravages of the pirates , which impeded the growth of their populations , a situation that did not change until they were annexed to the municipality of cambrils in the 19th century .
muddy creek impeded access to lady robinson beach at the northern end .
by 1942 , the improved z.1007 ( ter ) was becoming available , while design revisions and production delays impeded the z.1008 .
unitards are worn by acrobats , gymnasts , dancers , equestrian vaulters and circus performers as well as others who require overall body coverage without impeded flexibility .
at the same time , king henry viii made his fateful decision to break with rome , and almost entirely impeded the flow of english pilgrims to the see of peter .
the line was originally intended to connect directly to the airport , but budgetary restraints and opposition from local long - term parking lot owners impeded its progress .
the burger had ingredients that were not a part of any other product ( beetroot for example ) , and the egg had to be cooked on a special grill which impeded operations ( because of the temperature and timing ) .
operations on the middle columbia were hampered by the existence of the cascades rapids , which blocked all upriver traffic and substantially impeded everything going downriver .
however , these plans have been greatly impeded due to vociferous opposition from residents of local suburban housing tracts in ewing , lawrence , hopewell , lower makefield , pennington and yardley ( some of which are in pennsylvania , across the delaware river ) .
the corps ' first river and harbor work in oregon was in response to a petition to congress from portland city officials ' for help dredging the river bars that impeded shipping .
while in morocco for that competition , she consumed bacteria - tainted food and developed a infection in her back that impeded her training for a period .
muldoon justified the snap election because he felt waring 's revolt impeded his ability to govern .
travel restrictions in the form of " exit visas " were required of egyptians , and his own travel to take part in international films was sometimes impeded , which he could not tolerate .
a simple example of a mild pressure sore may be experienced by healthy individuals while sitting in the same position for extended periods of time : the dull ache experienced is indicative of impeded blood flow to affected areas .
in the encyclical , he wrote : " which false and perverse opinions are on that ground the more to be detested , because they chiefly tend to this , that that salutary influence be impeded and ( even ) removed , which the catholic church , according to the institution and command of her divine author , should freely exercise even to the end of the world — not only over private individuals , but over nations , peoples , and their sovereign princes ; and ( tend also ) to take away that mutual fellowship and concord of counsels between church and state which has ever proved itself propitious and salutary , both for religious and civil interests . "
the light cavalry attack on the french front was impeded by the terrain conditions , as the french anticipated , and its result indecisive .
the goals of this priority research area are to examine the strategies and characteristics of high performance workplaces and their diffusion through organisational learning and social partnership , to assess the degree to which innovation and effectiveness are impeded by a growing ’representation gap ' at workplace level , to generate new sources of primary data , leading to an all - ireland workplace employee relations survey , and to contribute to an emerging research and teaching focus in the management of human resources .
an impeded sunday office and mass was to be neither anticipated nor resumed .
if the operations of the base were not crippled , they were certainly impeded by the critical manpower shortage resulting primarily from heavy transfers to the army ground forces during the autumn and winter of 1944–1945.1
towards the mid 1990s , the manufacturers introduced the next evolution of cameras with digital cameras which removed the last of the technological barriers that had impeded wedding videography since its inception .
some sources state that lincoln himself piloted the first steamship up the sangamon to springfield , accomplishing this feat with many men , almost as large as lincoln , with axes to chop through whatever trees impeded the journey .
after agreeing to permit cisneros - the target of his investigation - to plead guilty to a misdemeanor with no jail sentence , barrett thereafter spent six years investigating whether the department of justice and the internal revenue service had impeded his investigation .
bloys van treslong could not reach the flagship , located against the wind , because he was impeded by a burning and rudderless dutch ship , the " hercules " with 74 cannons .
in some companies , adapting and improving processes could actually be impeded by the quality system .
the growth of the north shore communities provided good traffic levels for the railroad , but the increasing congestion of these communities ' business districts impeded the railroad 's desire to remain competitive with the competing steam railroads for longer - haul passenger business , in particular the chicago - milwaukee traffic .
the viceroy had martínez arrested and imprisoned on the charge of having purposely closed the mouth of the tunnel , to which he replied that the lack of funds had prevented the repairs being made in the roof of the tunnel , and that the portions that had caved in had impeded the flow of the water .
as tubal function is impeded , infertility is a common symptom .
additionally , the significant damage to the haitian government ministries , all of which suffered varying degrees of destruction and personnel deaths , further impeded coordination of the disaster response .
the space between these pavilions allows for improved air flow in the texas heat ; the wind can move through the buildings and is not impeded by their presence .
however , their bars are fairly widely spaced so that the flow of water is not impeded .
only three out of the fifty - four electors did not participate in the conclave : two impeded by their communist governments ( józsef mindszenty , confined to the u.s. embassy in budapest , and aloysius stepinac , under house arrest ) ; and edward mooney , who died of a heart attack three hours before the conclave began .
in 1943 tronstad planned operation gunnerside , in which the german access to heavy water processing at vemork was severely impeded .
consequently , the therapeutic process can be greatly impeded by these oscillations , because the therapist too can become victim of splitting .
the growth of the shoot is not impeded by the opening of the early flowers or development of fruits and its appearance is of growing and producing flowers indefinitely .
rescue and firefighting efforts were impeded by rumors of additional incoming planes .
wass 's application for naturalization in hungary was first refused by the government between 1994 and 1998 , as his death sentence in hungary had not been revoked , then impeded by a reply that the naturalization certificate of the 90-year - old author would have been valid for only a year from the date of issue .
the phenomenon first came to light because of the large number of breast cancer survivors who complained of changes in memory , fluency , and other cognitive abilities that impeded their ability to function as they had pre - chemotherapy .
this impeded lawson 's intended entry from the octagon to the spaces behind the municipal chambers , and generally made movement through the whole extended complex difficult .
hibbert gate and its flanking walls were dismantled in 1932 as its narrow archway impeded traffic .
haley 's influential book " new asian emperors : the overseas chinese , their strategies and competitive advantages " highlighted for the first time the informational black hole of southeast asia which impeded effective strategic decision making and the transcendent power of the overseas chinese networks .
however , the msx2 's hardware limited the number of on - screen bullets and enemies , which kojima felt impeded the combat aspect .
if extra space is allowed in front of a moving car , the viewer can see that it has someplace to go ; without this visual padding , the car 's forward progress will seem impeded .
restrictions in england limited the weekly wage to £ 12 in the season and £ 10 during the summer and impeded a player 's ability to transfer to another club , which caused much discontent in british football until the system was reformed in the 1960s .
unfortunately , disagreements with facedown and the band 's management over recording time and studios impeded on the completion of the album whose recording and release was consistently pushed back throughout 2007 and into 2008 .
during his flying lap , barrichello was impeded by nick heidfeld and subsequently entered the pits to abandon his lap .
their egress is impeded by stiff resistance and as time runs out , ridgeway opts for a last - ditch means of survival in the face of the reactor 's imminent detonation .
in 1822 , he struck down a debt relief law in the case of " williams v. blair " on the basis that it impeded the obligation of contracts .
monsoon - type rains , though , impeded initial efforts to fill the rice paddies and begin airfield construction .
the billboard became controversial in 2007 because it was so bright that motorists complained it impeded their vision at night , and some residents around the bay objected to its high visibility even from san francisco and marin .
apartments on the estate , which is landlocked and will eventually be impeded by later developments , is advertised as having sea views .
further advance on vyatka was impeded by heavy frost .
in the long - term , the failure of operation dixie to end the south 's status as a low - wage , non - union haven impeded the ability of the union movement to maintain its strength in north and was a contributing factor in the decline of the american union movement in the second half of the twentieth century as unions were unable to prevent businesses from holding back wage increases by either moving to the south or threatening to do so .
those who knew him well , such as hospital staff and friends , grew accustomed to his impeded speech but it remained indistinct and worsened as his condition deteriorated .
the audacity of wessel impeded her at every point .
the incoherent behaviour of his successor , the italian urban vi , provoked in 1378 the western schism , which impeded any true attempt of improving the conditions of the decaying rome .
all that impeded santa anna 's advance were the swollen rivers , which gave houston a chance to rest and drill his army .
" his dream was to become a professional dancer , however his dancing skills were impeded by his injuries from his accident .
he said it was another instance of " start - stop " planning of a kind that had impeded air force development in previous years .
it is acceptable to stop briefly in the line of dance to perform stationary figures , as long as the other dancers are not unduly impeded .
this cunning contrivance of satan has much impeded our progress in these parts and s still a great power of darkness against which we have to wage unceasing war .
police corruption , a weak judicial sector and the population ’s general lack of understanding of the court system impeded anti - trafficking law enforcement efforts .
they were impeded by " hell 's rapids " torrents which break onto razor sharp rocks .
