we lived at the farmhouse , so we were always into raps about the implication and the meaning , so some of that crept in . "
the implication is that bisphosphonates may not be the initiating cause of onj and that other pre - existing or concurrent systemic and/or local dental factors are involved .
lepenies comments that wolters misunderstood the degree of pessimism being expressed about science , but well understood the implication that scientists themselves could be trusted with self - criticism .
smith had enjoyed a close friendship with president thomas jefferson early in his senate career , though that relationship was ruined , along with smith 's political career , by his implication in the burr treason .
if you both agree , then i think i would say ' if two males or two females voluntarily agree to have mutual satisfaction without further implication of harming others , then it is okay ' " .
specifically , the student must be led to become aware of the underlying relations that surpass content differences and of the very mental processes used while handling them ( for instance , elaborate on how particular inference schemas , such as implication , operate in different domains .
any unrecorded easement is extinguished and no easement by prescription or implication may be claimed .
since most people did not understand latin , the implication is that these songs were composed for church choristers , or perhaps for an educated audience at the royal courts .
one implication of " songun " policies is that it is not only working with " juche " , the self - reliance ideal promoted by kim il sung , but also replacing it as the central state ideology as kim jong il consolidates his power .
the lastly yangjang sijo , a new type of sijo , being published in this volume appears in which the second line among the three lines is eliminated to strengthen the poem 's implication .
by implication , the contrary doctrine may be regarded as orthodox .
as kit is dying , count olaf kisses her gently on the mouth , saying that he told her he 'd do that one last time , a possible implication that the two were romantically involved before olaf became a villain .
, by anaesthetica in anaesthetica 's diary , thu feb 05 , 2009 at 04:41:05 am est : " a chronic form of oikophobia has spread through the american universities , in the guise of political correctness , and loudly surfaced in the aftermath of september 11th , to pour scorn on the culture that allegedly provoked the attacks , and to side by implication with the terrorists . "
informal logic may thus be said to be a logic of argumentation , as distinguished from implication and inference .
this followed an election earlier in the year which pope clement vi had quashed because the bishopric had been reserved for direct papal appointment during the brief episcopate of leuchars ' predecessor philip wilde - there was obviously no practical implication regarding the result .
man flu is a pejorative term that refers to the idea that when many men have a cold , they exaggerate and claim they have the flu — the implication being that women do not do so .
as superman becomes increasingly godlike , the implication that all kryptonians had possessed the same abilities became problematic for writers , making it doubtful that a race of such beings could have been wiped out by something as trifling as an exploding planet .
he was found guilty of both charges , though not guilty of the fourth and fifth specifications of the first charge , and the implication that he had retreated in the first specification of the second charge was stricken .
although cain 's line is taken no further , one possible implication is that it continues beyond that by suggesting that the terminal sons were the ancestors of those who practice various trades .
( the clear implication is that faith could have escaped prison any time she liked and only remained there as part of her self - imposed redemption efforts . )
however , the implication of the bruton case " controversially confirms the existence in english law of the phenomenon of the contractual or non - proprietary lease " .
the implication of this for physics is that there are some phenomena which are impossible to understand by perturbation theory , however many orders of perturbation theory we use .
the funds came from ivan tretiak 's swiss bank accounts - the implication being that templar , who had access to tretiak 's accounts , donated the money anonymously - while a non - profit foundation is being established to develop cold fusion technology .
none of lincoln 's enemies hinted at any homosexual implication .
the name " wabi " was chosen for two reasons : its meaning in japanese of balance or harmony , which conjured the notion of a more peaceful coexistence between windows and unix software ; and , the more obvious implication of it standing for " windows application binary interface " , although before its release sun declared that the name was not an acronym .
inside , these black boxes contain formulas made up only of implication and negation .
however , the vast majority of muslim scholars disagree with the implication of termination of jesus’ life when he was allegedly crucified ( for example yusuf ali ’s translation reads : “ o jesus
for lord charlemont , hogarth chose to paint the satirical " piquet , or virtue in danger " ( also known as " the lady 's last stake " , after a 1708 play by colley cibber ) , which , with echoes of " marriage à - la - mode " , shows an army officer offering an aristocratic lady a chance to recover the fortune she has just lost by gambling ( with the implication that if she loses again , she will have to take him as her lover ) .
raymond 's son and successor , alfonso jordan , also employed the title with royal approval ( as " amphusus dux narbonensis provincie " ) and his son , raymond v placed it first before his other titles as an implication of its importance ( probably related to its roman connection ) .
a practical implication of the procedural communality principle has been formulated by lewis and rieman ( 1993 ) , who suggest something like " transfer of design " on the side of the industry : " you should find existing interfaces that work for users and then build ideas from those interfaces into your systems as much as practically and legally possible . "
the situation is complicated by the eventual contact with alien civilizations ; humanity eventually splits into many subspecies , with the implication that many of these effectively vanish from the galaxy , reminiscent of the singularity in the works of vernor vinge .
the novel ends with pince simon bentrick declaring himself prince - protector of tanith , with the implication that he will in due course accede to the mardukan throne as king and secure the succession by marrying the granddaughter ( a princess and heir - presumptive to the throne ) of the irreparably brain - damaged king to his son , her friend and playmate .
denis donoghue of new york university , who drew attention to the implication that friday 's tongue may have been removed by cruso himself , stated that " the political parable [ of the novel ] issues from friday 's tonguelessness " , as one of the central themes of the novel is the imperative to give voice to the oppressed .
many are political , either overtly or by hidden implication .
as well as its implication in many diseases , it is an integral part of biological development .
they are said to reproduce similar to fairies , but with an implication that their ritual is less savory .
consequently , churchill had agreed that tens of thousands of veteran polish troops under british command should lose their kresy homes to the soviet union , with the implication that relatives including wives and children would be at the mercy of the nkvd .
the implication was that the individual mind is the source of economic value .
it is rather a political term , used by lobbyists with the implication that the law in question should be abolished .
indeed , even after 1790 mozart writes about " the rehearsal " , with the implication that his concerts would have only one .
the implication of the verse was therefore probably that the yankees were so unsophisticated that they thought simply sticking a feather in a cap would make them the height of fashion .
developmentalist strategies use a eurocentric viewpoint of development , a viewpoint that often goes hand in hand with the implication that non - european societies are underdeveloped .
this is often translated as " king of the germans " , but as latin had no definite article it could equally be translated as " king of germans " , with no implication that he ruled all germans .
one implication for policymakers and regulators is the implementation of counter - cyclical policies , such as contingent capital requirements for banks that increase during boom periods and are reduced during busts .
the implication only works in one direction .
however when it is used by a state or another authority under threat , " insurgency " often also carries an implication that the rebels ' cause is illegitimate , whereas those rising up will see the authority itself as being illegitimate .
the movement starts with dark , low instrumentation and men 's voices , and ends , just before the final chorus , with bright , high instrumentation suggesting a celestial vision ; while the transition between these two extremes is not explicitly a continuous ascension , the implication of an ascension is felt overall .
some see his epistle as an assertion of rome 's authority over the church in corinth and , by implication , the beginnings of papal supremacy .
however , there exists a school of thought rejecting the concept of " spoken " common east slavic stage , and , by implication , the concept of existence of common " literary " language , too .
hecate stated before the album was recorded that it would be a result of " shared passion for some of [ her and venetian snares ' ] favorite things , beats and sex " , the implication being that both artists were making the record out of personal artistic and sexual desire , not because of the unique marketing opportunity which would inevitably present itself upon the album 's completion .
the implication that green candidates were independents , and his refusal to remove this section sealed his fate with the party , because in the words of one delegate " imperato clearly demonstrated his true colors and lack of interest in helping to grow the party " .
mara remained the lawful president ; parliament had not been dissolved but only suspended , and should now be reconvened , and by implication , chaudhry remained the lawful prime minister .
this second period of the band , very contrary to the mid-1990s releases , has been characterised by what sounds like mostly digital sound synthesis and processing , the implication of a connection of the band 's music composition to contemporary physics research via track titles and sleeve artworks , and oftentimes the absence of danceable drum rhythms and / or tonality , hence resembling contemporary classical music styles , especially musique concrete and early pioneers of electronic music with analogue modular music systems / synthesizers .
varney bears a strong resemblance to a portrait in bannerworth hall , and the implication is that he is one marmaduke bannerworth , but that connection is never cleared up .
when used in this sense , it carries the implication of being easily fatigued , weak or cowardly .
the implication with " a - z " is that there is an alphabetical browse view or interface .
more precisely , the deduction theorem states that if a formula " b " is deducible from a set of assumptions formula_1 , where " a " is a closed formula , then the implication " a " → " b " is deducible from formula_2 in symbols , formula_3
these findings also minimize the hypothetic implication of ttv in hepatic disorders .
by formulating max-2-sat as a problem of finding a cut ( that is , a partition of the vertices into two subsets ) maximizing the number of edges that have one endpoint in the first subset and one endpoint in the second , in a graph related to the implication graph , and applying semidefinite programming methods to this cut problem , it is possible to find in polynomial time an approximate solution that satisfies at least 0.931 times the optimal number of clauses .
though undoubtedly correct about some who had spoken in the encampment ; the implication was clear : according to the mszp administration , " anyone " who opposed the legitimacy of the government had fascist sympathies .
the implication was that no " knights service " was owed for the conquered english lands .
1986 international standard sgml provided facilities to define and parse lightweight markup languages using grammars and tag implication .
the most significant implication of neat particles and other interactive evolutionary computation applications , is the possibility of automated content generation within a game itself , while it is played .
logical implication does not bar the lamp from being on , off , or vanishing completely to be replaced by a horse - drawn pumpkin .
the rule in " foss v harbottle " has another important implication .
thus , a thought of a chair can be about a chair without any implication of an intention or even a belief relating to the chair .
the implication is that , as james slowly began to understand what he did , the illusions of the town begin to disappear .
his sharpest criticism is directed against the principle of assimilation , with its implication that outsiders settling in germany should abandon their own cultural identity .
the implication in the play is that the characters live in an unchanging , static state .
the song says that they need to sleep in preparation for the next battle , and there is an implication in the music that they may not come home .
the war had a far - reaching implication for many nations .
the implication is that we should have been , literally , a race of supermen , instead of such frail , limited creatures when compared to martians .
nbc objected to the implication that an afternoon at the rodeo was wasted and the line had to be changed .
an oft - repeated legend is that today 's cannabis is at least an order of magnitude stronger than in the past ( and by implication much more dangerous ) .
in niessa 's words , " the implication is that maximum virility equals political dominance . "
though henry originally refused to believe the allegations , he allowed cranmer to conduct an investigation , which resulted in queen catherine 's implication .
cason and gillis ( 1994 ) likened their findings to a study by smith , glass and miller ( 1980 ) who report that adolescents are approximately 30% better off in their ability to cope with mental health issues than those that do not participate in a psychotherapeutic treatment making the implication that adventure therapy effectiveness is comparable to the effectiveness of psychotherapeutic treatment .
in some instances , there was also the implication that the " idiot " was in fact a jewish caricature .
some translations imply a male cultic attendant , apparently with some sexual implication .
the cyclops then steals silenus away into his cave , with the implication that he is about do something sexual to him .
in its most fundamental form , this co - implication of self and other takes place in terms of giving aid , of helping , prior to all strive and contention , which , however , are also then possibilities of the acting subject in relation to other subjects .
with legitimacy there is an additional implication that a person 's freedom is equivocal .
liz , who never wanted to hear confirmation about the rumors , becomes upset with implication that everyone aboard is dead .
exotic , alien , transplanted , introduced , non - indigenous , and invasive are all words that have been used to describe plants and animals that have been moved beyond their native ranges by humans ( williams and meffe 2005 ) , along with other terms such as foreign , injurious , aquatic nuisance , pest , non native , all with a particular implication .
an implication of harberger 's analysis is that the corporate income tax lowers the steady state capital - labor ratio , and hence real gdp per capita and the standard of living .
rather , many biologists resisted the implication that megabats and microbats ( or echolocating bats ) formed distinct branches of mammalian evolution , with flight having evolved twice .
this implication was enough to kill his father for becoming a nazi and allowing the death of his betrothed .
the implication is that much of the third imperium 's social and technological conservatism stems from those roots .
in terms of party tradition , as the deputy president of the anc , zuma was in line to succeed mbeki as president of the anc , and , by implication , the president of south africa in 2009 .. zuma was elected as president of the anc on 18 december 2007 with 2329 votes to mbeki 's 1505 votes , making him the clear favorite to become the next president of south africa following the 2009 general election , since mbeki was constitutionally unable to run again .
namely , any disjunction - free rule or implication - free rule admissible in a superintuitionistic logic is derivable .
he introduces in romania the latest mathematical logic , mostly by his works " the new logic " and " the polyvalent logic " , where he presents the russell - whitehead axiomatic system of " principia mathematica " , and c.i. lewis’ system of strict implication .
when the knights templar were being tried for heresy reference was often made to their worship of a demon baphomet , which was notable by implication for its similarity to the common rendition of muhammad 's name used by christian writers of the time , mahomet .
the implication of this idea is that evolution can not be applied to human behavior .
for instance , " if 6 * 7=42 , then the moon exists " is true as a material implication , but is generally not considered true in natural language , because the moon 's existence does not seem to be related to this fact of arithmetic .
the pasha in the harem , complete with eyepatch , bears an extremely strong resemblance to drosselmeyer , and in the film version of the pacific northwest ballet production , is apparently more sinister than in the stage one - there is a strong implication in the movie that he would like to compete with the prince for clara 's affections .
there has also been an implication over the years of selective assembly and extra fitting , with every care taken in the building of a toolroom model to make it the smoothest - running , most - accurate version of the machine that can be built .
the main list consists of only those individuals that have been clearly defined as prophets , either by explicit statement or strong contextual implication , ( e.g. , the authors of the books listed as the major prophets and minor prophets ) along with the biblical reference to their office .
a university play by that name was staged c. 1616 ; the implication is that the " pathomachia " of 1630 is the same work as the " love 's lodestone " of c. 1616 .
huntingdon 's implication is that basset 's scope was over all of england , not limited to his own locality .
when an implication is translated by a " hypothetical " ( or " conditional " ) judgment the antecedent is called the " hypothesis " ( or the " condition " ) and the consequent is called the " thesis " .
davy had already sympathised with the view that heat was associated with molecular motion rather than with joseph black 's caloric theory of heat but he rejected herapath 's paper with some coolness , uncomfortable with the implication that there was an absolute zero of temperature at which all motion ceased .
there has been an implication that olivier dominates the production too much , though the character of richard certainly dominates shakespeare 's original play .
possibly in defence of his focus on so much " unpoetical " material , pound quotes rodolphus agricola to the effect that one writes " to move , to teach or to delight " ( " ut moveat , ut doceat , ut delectet " ) , with the implication that the present cantos are designed to teach .
thus , using classical logic and taking material implication to mean if - then is an unsafe method of reasoning which can give erroneous results .
stanley nelson jr. has stated that this was attempt to turn public support away from mamie till bradley just weeks before the trials of roy bryant and j.w. milam through the implication that criminal behavior ran in the till family .
because of the social implication revolving around the importance of the household and the community in the creation and administration of law , hindu law jurisprudentially subordinated state law to the law of castes and life - stages ( varnasramadharma ) .
a roast , in north american english , is an event in which an individual is subjected to a public presentation of comedic insults , praise , outlandish true and untrue stories , and heartwarming tributes , the implication being that the roastee is able to take the jokes in good humor and not as serious criticism or insult , and therefore , show their good nature .
four specifications were written , each representing an area of australian law : an aspect of the law of trover ; the meaning of “ authorization [ sic ] ” in australian copyright law ; the categorisation of employment contracts ; and the implication of natural justice in administrative decision - making .
the investigative finding , which cleared bernard barker ’s bank of fiduciary malfeasance , led to the direct implication of members of the committee to re - elect the president , to whom the checks had been delivered .
in may 2009 , a row broke out when it was revealed that ten senate members had been on an all - expense - paid trip to ghana , with the implication that they were being influenced by petroleum and gas producers .
more recently , in the sxsw 2007 demo , each phase has a mentioned text goal on the screen and the stated goal of the tide pool phase is " become large enough to move onto land " , by implication omitting a creature - underwater phase .
the anglo - german historian h.w. koch accepted nolte ’s argument that weizmann ’s letter to chamberlain was indeed a “ jewish declaration of war ” , with the oblivious implication since all jews were now enemies of the " reich " , the germans were entitled to treat the jews whatever way they wanted to .
many people believe that the fact that qualified commentators abroad were beginning to doubt the official spanish version the very same day of the attacks while the government insisted on eta 's implication directly influenced the results of the election .
the implication , then , is that all six of these heroes ( the five pandavas and their brother karna , the tragic antihero ) were the results of pure , virgin births .
the implication is that they might use this mark to make it easier to arrest rioters later .
álvaro martínez sevilla , spanish united left senator claimed that former spanish interior minister josé barrionuevo ( later condemned for his implication in a kidnapping carried out by the gal ) ordered that cherid 's widow receive a life pension .
the implication is that erfan took the serum himself , in order to survive the impact with river and he will soon be creating an army of superhumans for the unnamed asian business partner .
she addressed these issues explicitly in the hebrew introduction to her tkhinne , and by implication in the aramaic piyyut and the yiddish paraphrase .
as picard and worf left , the council surrounded toral , with the clear implication that it was now his turn to have a proclamation of discommendation issued against him .
however , over a remark made by fat dom about the no longer living vito and implication that carlo gervasi was gay , an enraged silvio attacked and killed dom .
in one possible case indicative of the law related to parenting and polyamory in the united states , the pennsylvania state supreme court in 2006 voted 5 - 1 that a father in a custody case had the right to teach his child ( age 13 ) about polygamy ( and hence possibly by implication about other multiple partner relationships ) , and that this right " trumped " the anti - bigamy and other laws which might apply and was not deemed inherently harmful to the child .
the day of his hiring , jim tressel , speaking to fans and students at a buckeye basketball game , made a prophetic implication that he would lead the buckeyes to beat michigan in ann arbor the following november .
this is an implication that the catholic god not only disapproves the activities of the sodomites but also of nostalgia .
a fraction is a division expression where both dividend and divisor are integers ( although typically called the " numerator " and " denominator " ) , and there is no implication that the division needs to be evaluated further .
it can also describe a person 's failure to frame an argument or issue in a historical context or to disregard historical fact or implication .. it also can be descriptive of a view that history has no relevence or importance in the decision making of modern life .
as showed , a satisfying assignment to the 2-satisfiability instance is equivalent to a partition of this implication graph into two subsets of vertices , " s " and σ("s " ) , such that no edge starts in " s " and ends in σ("s " ) .
the implication is that either mary has gotten pregnant , or is worried she might be pregnant , or was pregnant and received an abortion .
another implication of the cross - stream momentum equation is that a cyclostrophic flow can only develop next to a low - pressure area .
then , in the xvii century , after the split - up of the great = “ mongolian ” empire , when the western european countries declared their independence , the efforts of the independent imperial vicegerents ( and their historians , obviously enough ) were focussed on the proof of “ historical continuity ” of the modern status quo ( the independence of western european countries , that is , the main implication being that the westerners have never been dependent on the horde , or russia .
the mother - in - law asks who the father of the baby is , and the bride tells how she had gone to the greenwood to gather flowers and been detained there until evening by a man ( with the implication that she was raped by him ) .
the abbey remained in existence until 1537 , when it was dissolved ; the last abbot , richard harrison , and three of his monks were executed by henry viii following their implication ( probably unjustly ) in the lincolnshire rising of the previous year .
the disparaging remarks about the stadtholderate in this work , which amounted to the assertion that princes ( and by implication stadtholders ) have an interest in keeping the world in perpetual conflict , because they wield more influence in such circumstances , incensed the orangist public .
we have , however , checked what he lists down as names of parish priests from 1762 downward - the implication is that the town first began to have a parish priest of its own at that time - using what is generally considered an authoritative source , i.e fr .
the majority at the council , backed by the pope believed that denying the theotokos title would carry with it the implication that jesus was either not divine , or else would go to split him into two separate personhoods , one of whom was son of mary and the other who was not .
so is the religious implication of transgression , which in english refers to a sin rather than a crime .
however , there may be a certain implication in burgan 's further observation that " we were too young to see it at the time , but i later learned to appreciate the impact he had on my life " .
the implication is that a person is chinese outside , hollow inside .
logical implication and the material conditional are both associated with an operation on two logical values , typically the values of two propositions , that produces a value of " false " just in the singular case the first operand is true and the second operand is false .
experiments on animals have pointed to the possibility that erucic acid , consumed in large quantities , may cause heart damage , though indian researchers have published findings that call into question these conclusions and the implication that the consumption of mustard or rapeseed oil is dangerous .
often the second metric is introduced at high energies , with the implication that the speed of light may be energy dependent .
in addition , specific passages offer further clues in support of pseudepigraphy , namely the author 's assumption that his audience is familiar with multiple pauline epistles ( ) , his implication that the apostlic generation has passed ( ) , and his differentiation between himself and " the apostles of the lord and savior " ( ) .
the implication of a rise in the organic composition of capital is a declining rate of profit ; for every new increase in surplus - value realised as profit from sales , an even larger corresponding increase in constant capital investment becomes necessary .
it could also be inferred that he is or at least was a fan of the original wave of hardcore punk , as in the season 4 episode " mayhem on the cross " he mentions that his father thought that black flag and the dead kennedys sounded the same ( with the implication that booth disagrees ) .
the irony is in commodus 's directive that the empire should " forget the weakness of my father " with its implication that he would be a strong leader : it is commodus ' army of gladiators that proves to be cowards on the field with the german barbarians and commodus ' harsh policy toward the eastern provinces that had the tendency of weakening the empire by the threatened loss of the east .
a long - term implication of the militia myth — which was false , but remained popular in the canadian public at least until world war i — was that canada did not need a regular professional army .
the implication is that dng is unusual and satisfies objectives that other raw image formats do not .
it may also be used to describe a cat that does not live at home , whereas the cat that lives at home is called " ologbo " or " ologinni " ; " akata " may , by metaphorical implication , suggest that african americans are blacks that do not reside on the african continent .
paradoxes of material implication .
the implication is that a handout is unearned and undeserved , unlike a " donation " or " contribution " .
" the masked man fallacy omits the implication .
one important application of the critique is its implication that the historical negative correlation between inflation and unemployment , known as the phillips curve , could break down if the monetary authorities attempted to exploit it .
there is nothing wrong with this , but such a view is inconsistent with the implication of the book 's title , which at least suggests that good and evil are actual axiological categories that exist independent of human opinion .
” page took issue with prager ’s implication that “ ‘ the act ( of taking the oath on the koran ) undermines american culture.’
" conspiracy of silence " is a drama film set in ireland and inspired by real events . the film challenges celibacy and its implication for the catholic church in the 21st century .
mr. wolsay , a shipping manager , stated he felt the policy " totally discriminatory " , and the new zealand herald suggested to the airline that the implication of the policy was that " it considered male passengers to be dangerous to children " .
under the curry - howard correspondence , the existence of currying and uncurrying is equivalent to the logical theorem formula_28 , as tuples ( product type ) corresponds to conjunction in logic , and function type corresponds to implication .
many critics responded negatively to the gratuitous use of sexual implication and female nudity in the pilot episode , which according to wright had been filmed on showtime 's insistence despite his vocal opposition and was cut from the pilot 's 2009 direct - to - dvd version .
whatever the literal meaning and traditional prestige of the ruler 's actual title , the british government translated them all as " prince , " in order to avoid the implication that the native rulers could be " kings " with status equal to that of the british monarch .
present tense , brevity in prose , objective detachment and implication are common characteristics of modern haibun in english but no characteristic is an inviolable rule .
the film begins and ends in " reality " where max and muriel have a world weary but sensible life in high finance ( and the implication is that muriel is the boss ' daughter , thus intimating egeus ' involvement in hermia 's marriage to demetrius ) , but almost all the action takes place in a dream like trance where the lovers do n't really know who they love .
for ryle , cartesian dualism mistakingly assumes it is sensible to ask of a given cause , process , or event , whether it is mental or physical ( with the implication that it can not be both ) .
the chase is a simple fixpoint algorithm testing and enforcing implication of data dependencies in database systems .
although existing evidence strongly suggests that the source , reactant , and inertial mass properties are inseparable , any future evidence to the contrary would have revolutionary implication to this propulsion application . "
one implication of this would be that no one would gain knowledge just by believing something that happened to be true .
thirdly , as ratification is but the expression of the approbation of the people and is to be effective when had in three - fourths of the states , there is a fair implication that it must be sufficiently contemporaneous in that number of states to reflect the will of the people in all sections at relatively the same period , which of course ratification scattered through a long series of years would not do .
this is partially an overcorrection of racialist theories that held that " primitive " people spoke " primitive " languages , but also an implication of chomskian linguistics , which postulates that all human languages are underlyingly the same .
marianne briner - mattern ’s allegation that dr ouko had been preparing a report at the time of his death into high level corruption in kenya and that by implication the report would have accused nicholas biwott and which according to troon could have provided a motive for murder , also can not be substantiated .
the story ends with the implication that their relationship is now damaged beyond repair .
accordingly , most senior position holders in an enterprise risk management organisation will need to be cognisant of the implication for adopting the standard and be able to develop effective strategies for implementing the standard across supply chains and commercial operations .
his case revolves around vignettes about a somnambulist and a kleptomaniac , the implication being that these behaviors would have been thought of as demonically - influenced in medieval times whereas modern times recognizes them as psychological ailments .
as indeed , is the implication , are we all . "
she suggests that she can do the same for him , and there is a general implication that she wants there to be a relationship between the two of them .
after a performance of dopper 's seventh symphony ( which ends with a march ) under the baton of the composer , his dissatisfied colleague matthijs vermeulen stood up in the hall of the concertgebouw and shouted : " leve sousa " ( " long live sousa " ) ; the implication being that dopper was of little more value as a composer than the critically reviled american marchsmith john philip sousa ( 1854 - 1932 ) .
the social , communicative practice of argumentation can and should be distinguished from implication ( or entailment)—a relationship between propositions ; and from inference — a mental activity typically thought of as the drawing of a conclusion from premises .
except with adverbs of manner , this always gives a locative implication to the construction .
moreover , many have pointed out that the critics fail to engage on the most controversial proposition of the book , that even if one accept the scientific implication of global warming , kyoto protocol is not an appropriate policy response and the environmental policy should be assessed on the basis of the cost benefit analysis .
the song is a ballad , written and composed by ralph siegel and bernd meinunger , with shomburg expressing her regret at " time running through my fingers " and her desire for just a bit more time - with the implication in the lyrics being that this would save a relationship .
an important implication of the fact that dōgen sought to cultivate a lay audience is that his emphasis on supernatural events at his monastery eiheiji , which appears in his writings starting in the late 1240s and lasts until his death , was aimed at attracting lay followers .
some instructors specifically seek to avoid the sort of models preferred by fashion photographers , seeking more " realistic " examples and to avoid any implication of sexual objectification .
the 1948 olympics endorsed a new implication to the game .
however , in the middletown studies , researchers noted that traditional neighborly ties were in decline although membership in such community groups was rising , leading to the implication that new forms of social ties emerge which are not immediately visible to the observer .
the practical implication of this is that a statutory court can not provide a type of legal remedy or relief that is not expressly or implicitly referred to in its enabling or empowering statute .
where the arrow ( formula_6 ) indicates that the left side of the rule can be rewritten to the right side ( so it does not denote logical implication ) .
on the eve of the visit to india of montagu , secretary of state for india in the british cabinet , information came that the government did not want to discuss with the minister the fate of those accused of any implication in the indo - german plot .
the implication is , then , that they , even though having made significant moves , are still under ' the spell . ' "
the surrealist leader andré breton coined the anagram " avida dollars " for salvador dalí , to tarnish his reputation by the implication of commercialism .
the implication being that the highly - paid players are essentially " hired guns " with no allegiance to any team or city , and are motivated solely by the acquisition of material wealth .
the reason given is that the villain , blitzen , is outraged to hear the name of his rival , but the implication for the viewers is that the program 's producers were unable to get copyright permission to use his name .
the possibility of a satanic implication to the case was discussed and caused a lot of concern among the very religious ; dominican republic is 90% roman catholic .
by implication an ice - age civilization could have mapped the coast at that point in time .
the major headings of gregorian reform can be seen as embodied in the papal electoral decree ( 1059 ) , the resolution of the investiture controversy in the form of an overwhelming papal victory that by implication acknowledged papal superiority over secular rulers , and the resolution of issues within the church , notably of simony — the purchasing of positions relating to the church – and of clerical marriage .
the usage of the phrase in many such secular contexts uses the modern english meaning of the word " quick " meaning " fast " or " smart " rather than " alive " , either as the result of a misunderstanding or for the purposes of creating a double entendre ( e.g. " quick " vs. " dead " in the context of gun battles can play on the fact that the being " fast " is generally a prerequisite for winning , and by implication , staying " alive " ) .
in turn , ( p ∨ ~r ) tautologically implies ψ. because the two propositional variables occurring in ( p ∨ ~r ) occur in both φ and ψ , this means that ( p ∨ ~r ) is an interpolant for the implication φ → ψ.
an implication is that conditional density functions are not invariant under coordinate transformation of the conditioning variable .
on august 29 , 2007 , the uci announced that they prevented valverde from riding the 2007 uci road world championships in stuttgart because of his possible implication in the operación puerto doping investigation to " safeguard the atmosphere and reputation of the world championships " .
freed on february 11 , 2007 , osama mustafa hassan nasr has deposed a complaint against former prime minister silvio berlusconi , demanding 10 million euro of damage and interests " for his implication in the kidnapping as chief of the government [ during the events ] and for having permitted the cia to capture him . "
john eyles comments in a review that " the implication is that the choices for crowns are subjective , while the core collection is somehow more objective , " when in fact both lists are decided upon by the same two editors .
an implication is that strabo did not read pytheas , or he would not have had to resort to polybius .
this election has been dubbed " the mother of all by - elections " by the media due to the potentially significant implication of the election as well as the high profile of anwar ibrahim .
chief among these are two essays on the mada'en qasida of khaqani , xaqani 's mada'en qaside ( i ) , ( 1976 ) , and xaqani 's mada'en qaside ( ii ) , ( 1977 ) , esthetics by implication : what metaphors of craft tell us about the unity of the persian qasida , ( 1979 ) , and madness and cure in the 1001 nights : the tale of shahriyar and shahrizad , ( 1985 ) .
the implication is that something is experiencing all these data .
the implication is that those major suppliers who had not yet peaked were operating at or near full capacity .
of course there was never an implication of physical involvement .
while on the one hand assigning to old latin the term pre - classical and by implication the term post - classical ( or post - augustan ) to silver latin cruttwell realizes that this construct is not according to ancient usage and asserts " ... the epithet classical is by many restricted to the authors who wrote in it [ golden latin ] .
another implication of being a scale focus camera was evident in the extension tube and " close up kit " systems , as the extremely shallow depth of field for macro photography pragmatically required a focusing aid .
zhuangzi , reacting to the confucian - mohist ethical disputes in his " history of thought " , casts laozi as a prior step to the mohists by name and the confucians by implication .
this notion is returned to several times , with the implication each time that only treachery can account for an english defeat .
one implication of utilitarianism is that one 's intention in performing an act may include all of its foreseen consequences .
it is the " implication " of futurity that makes these present tense auxiliary constructions amount to a compound future quasi - tense .
the implication is that the more competitive a market is under this definition , the faster the average market price will adjust so as to equate supply and demand ( and also equate price to marginal costs ) .
those who have studied the word find there is always an implication of action included in its meaning .
his associate gheorghe ucenescu is known to have arranged the melody to the lyrics of andrei mureşanu , but pann 's direct implication in the creative process was allegedly not confirmed by sources .
the implication is that if the gross profit volume was related to wage costs to establish the rate of surplus value , this might overstate or understate the real rate of labor - exploitation .
in this case hugo integrated the little epics into his poetical system by casting them as the " human " panel in a triptych of which " god " and " satan " were the wings , with the implication that they were merely sparse fragments stolen from a greater epic : the whole of human experience itself .
implication in terrorist attacks .
if " g " does not equal " g"e the implication is that the ratio of the unpaired electron 's spin magnetic moment to its angular momentum differs from the free electron value .
the fact that the transaction was a loan did not exclude the implication of a trust .
a simple theorem gives rise to an implication whose antecedent is the " hypothesis " and whose consequent is the " thesis " of the theorem .
although the exact details of frank 's departure remain ambiguous , there is a strong implication that frank ( who has twice before faked other people 's suicides ) has faked his own suicide by jumping off a bridge in front of a witness .
the words " anomaly " and " discrepancy " can be used , as being more neutral terms , to avoid the words " error " and " defect " or " bug " where there might be an implication that all so - called " errors " , " defects " or " bugs " must be fixed ( at all costs ) .
the implication of this therefore is that this new set of settlers could have been sick or generally lacking in interest in furthering their journey , this could also have resulted in their final settlement in not too distant onitsha .
the implication of these , “ strict demands ‘ strengthen’ a church in three ways ; they raise overall levels of commitment , they increase average rates of participation , and they enhance the net benefits of membership . ” complying with these demands prevent the members of a church from free loading within the group and promote group solidarity .
the only implication of this is that for 2008 the f600 's will not have a separate class represented at the nationals .
the implication was that he believed lo presti had more claim to the top job than capizzi .
the implication is that a person will be able to look out for their own interests while they are alive .
formally , one has an implication , not an equivalence , so the solution set may get larger .
this was the wording used in the potsdam agreement , but was used only by the federal republic of germany because the polish and soviet governments refused to use it , objecting to the obvious implication that these territories should someday revert to germany .
the meeting was to share knowledge and experiences regarding biosafety , chemical , radiological , and industrial safety issues that were common to the operations at the three principal biological warfare ( bw ) laboratories of the u.s. army because of the potential implication of the work conducted at biological warfare laboratories , the conferences was restricted to top level security clearances .
many physicists , however , dislike the implication that there are infinitely many non - observable alternate universes .
in the early years of these companies , most of their units were beige as well , and the original implication in this usage was that it was " just " a beige box , with no brand label .
people consider it only as a face paint and there is no racial implication .
the catholic and orthodox churches do not use this term as its implication of interchangeability does not agree with their theological teachings .
when imposed as a punishment , it carries an implication of enforced isolation from society and exposure to life - threatening situations ( the elements and wildlife ) .
the overall implication is that some level of exposure to strange males disrupts normal pregnancy
the implication seemed to be that that not only did the individual reject the means , he must actively innovate illegitimate means as a substitute which would not always be true .
aside from the tragedy itself , issues covered included the implication that her refusal to allow jeremy to be treated by a psychiatrist caused his eventual outburst , and her death .
there are many deductive systems for first - order logic that are sound ( only deriving correct results ) and complete ( able to derive any logically valid implication ) .
” during the yalta discussions , molotov inserted language that weakened the implication of enforcement of the declaration .
one practical implication of this is that a virtual - people or a hybrid simulation does not require a computer powerful enough to model its entire cosmos at full speed .
it was established in season 1 , episode 5 , that eddy turned 40 , the implication thus being that eddy was born before her parents were married .
the film has come under fire from some women 's rights authors for a seeming misportrayal of virginia 's difficulties and the implication that accepting a subservient role as a wife and mother is part of her " cure " .
some , including r.h. charles , suggest that ' biters ' should read ' bastards ' but the name is so unusual that some believe that the implication that 's made by the reading of ' biters ' is more or less correct .
in the third arc of the anime , her sibling relationship with touga is compared to anthy 's and akio 's , with the implication that it is less incestuous and controlling because neither kiryuu is as manipulative .
the encyclopaedia britannica states : " the well - attested early christian practice of prayer for the dead ... was encouraged by the episode ( rejected by protestants as apocryphal ) in which judas maccabeus ( jewish leader of the revolt against the tyrant antiochus iv epiphanes ) makes atonement for the idolatry of his fallen soldiers by providing prayers and a monetary sin offering on their behalf ( ) ; by the apostle paul 's prayer for onesiphorus ( ) ; and by the implication in that there may be forgiveness of sins in the world to come . "
entailment differs from implication in that it is either true or false even when the propositions are interpreted in some other boolean algebra than the two - valued one .
implication , in logic , describes conditional if - then statements , e.g. , " if it is raining , then i will bring an umbrella , " which in classical logic is given a truth - functional interpretation by means of reformulating it in terms of disjunction and negation , in this example , " it is not raining , or i will bring an umbrella , or both " .
it is an exploration of not only the process of implication , but the creative reclamation of advertising and public spaces . "
by implication , no restoration would be necessary if a legitimately established church already existed .
the creature is realized , suggesting its implication from symbolic to subsistence .
thus , the implication in describing " the gap - toothed wife of bath " is that she is a middle - aged woman with insatiable lust .
in addition , a destination therapy study following the rematch trial demonstrated an additional 17% improvement ( 61% vs. 52% ) in one - year survival of patients that were implanted with a vad ( heartmate xve ) , with an implication for the appropriate selection of candidates and timing of vad implantation .
christiansen was considering two names himself , " legio " ( with the implication of a " legion of toys " ) and " lego " , a self - made contraction from the danish phrase " leg godt " , meaning " play well . "
others at the council believed that denying the theotokos title would carry with it the implication that jesus was not divine .
however arkia had a contract with the israeli government , and one of its two boeing 757 planes had earlier that year flown prime minister ariel sharon to washington , and by implication that plane was fitted with infrared countermeasures for protection .
the obvious implication is that spring - guns are still in use today , especially in circumstances where property of high value is in a remote location that makes other forms of securing it unreasonably difficult to effect .
