from around 1 o'clock until dawn , mahdist riflemen approached the camp and opened fire , but their shooting was imprecise , and they inflicted few casualties .
human rights watch ( hrw ) and b'tselem reports notice that even if the above attacks were directed at a specific military objective , they would still be unlawful , due to the fact that the types of rockets used by palestinian armed groups are imprecise and can not be directed in a way that discriminates between military targets and civilians .
imprecise movement can cause a dragging when the user just want to select .
classifying such an act as interstitial performance art would be imprecise but efficient and accurate .
determining the presence of both parts of this definition is not always straightforward , as hypoglycemic symptoms and effects are vague and can be produced by other conditions ; people with recurrently low glucose levels can lose their threshold symptoms so that severe neuroglycopenic impairment can occur without much warning , and many measurement methods ( especially glucose meters ) are imprecise at low levels .
however , due to the imprecise technology in 1965 , the two recordings fell out of synch , with one tape gradually falling ahead or behind the other due to minute differences in the machines and playback speed .
its boundaries are imprecise but the area roughly flanks rockland road .
interpretation is especially difficult since it has to rely on the imprecise drawings made before the loss of the original horns .
in many cases this imprecise definition means little more than the assertion that the topology in question arises " naturally " or " canonically " ( see mathematical jargon ) in the given context .
( incidentally , the later port of super mario 64 to the d - pad - only nintendo ds portable system in " super mario 64 ds " was criticized by some for imprecise control due to lack of an analog stick on the nintendo ds . )
for about two months catalan was the one with the most articles in a non - english language , although statistics of that early period are imprecise .
the label " psychopath " as used by cleckley had been embraced by popular culture , and is often applied to serial killers and other violent criminals , irrespective of whether they qualify ( although most serial killers do ) ; for this reason the imprecise popular use had been deplored .
although an imprecise geographical descriptor , the term " asia - pacific " became popular from the late 1980s as the economies within the heterogeneous region flourished due to increased regional capital flow , trade and other forms of economic and political interaction .
although the instrument was cumbersome and its measurements imprecise , the basic concept of vierordt 's sphygmograph eventually led to the blood pressure cuff that 's used today .
because terms descriptive of the divine " goal " are defined differently - even by individuals within a given religion - and their usage within mysticism is often no less imprecise , it is extremely difficult for anyone , who has not experienced the simultaneity of the " shift in awareness / reality " to translate mystical language in a useful way .
the imprecise way henry 's machines were both constructed and operated ensured that their effects could not be mass - produced and would be infinitely varied ( o’hanrahan 2005 ) .
imprecise probabilities are thus seen to be unnecessary to explain this example .
although the socrates algorithms are accurate , the data set it has for the analysis , the public tle ( two - line elements ) catalog distributed by afspc is inherently imprecise .
in the english - speaking world , bosniaks are also known as bosnian muslims or simply bosnians which is imprecise , because " bosnian " refers to other ethnicities of bosnia and herzegovina as well .
most of the guns were smoothbore arms , some dating back to the 18th century , and therefore rather imprecise .
garn considered racial classification based on physical traits to be imprecise .
the shared state may be imprecise : if another cache discards a shared line , this cache may become the sole owner of that cache line , but it will not be promoted to exclusive state .
the term is thought to originate with wood workers who used the width of their thumbs ( i.e. inches ) rather than rulers for measuring things , cementing its modern use as an imprecise yet reliable and convenient standard .
for rocks dating back to the beginning of the solar system , this requires extremely long - lived parent isotopes , making measurement of such rocks ' exact ages imprecise .
deneb 's exact distance from the earth is uncertain , which makes determining many of deneb 's other properties similarly imprecise .
these pointers needed to be somewhat imprecise if marxism was to take into account the complicated social processes and variety of forces at work in history .
likewise , it appears to derive from an iberian arabic original , and the imperial title may be an imprecise representation of some arabic title such as caliph .
regression is also similar , but it takes into account that the data is imprecise .
the objection was rejection as the identity was clear and the alternatives were divided and even more imprecise .
etymological rules from greek and south slavic languages made the orthography imprecise and difficult to master .
after more investigation the home office decided that some " imprecise mental unsoundness " had been present and commuted the sentence to life imprisonment .
yet without named periods , however clumsy or imprecise , past time would be no more than a mound of glittering granules in a darkened silo .
their respective research remained imprecise and no definite occupation site was ever identified .
the biggest disadvantage of aluminium sticks is their heavy or hard " feel " , which is a result of the relative hardness of the metal and the imprecise joining of the stick and blade .
in summary ; transport chains are high strength chains used in imprecise applications where much strength is needed yet the task served is rather straightforward .
the us businessman james c. bennett , a proponent of the idea that there is something special about the cultural and legal traditions of english - speaking nations , writes on his blog " albion 's seedlings " that " the anglosphere , as a network civilization without a corresponding political form , has necessarily imprecise boundaries .
it is also commonly used to describe failures in human decision making due to faulty , incomplete , or imprecise data .
hybrid computers can be used to obtain a very good but relatively imprecise ' seed ' value , using an analog computer front - end , which is then fed into a digital computer iterative process to achieve the final desired degree of precision .
the new touchpad on the guitar controller was found to be imprecise to make it difficult to use during difficult song sections and would sometimes fail to register taps or slides ; some of these issues were attributed to initial manufacturing problems .
the term " conception date " may sometimes be used when that date is more certain , though even medical professionals can be imprecise with their use of the two distinct terms .
the answer to the question " what does this observer see ? " is only ambiguous to the extent that the specification of the observer is imprecise .
in this way , the terms " fortis " and " lenis " are convenient in discussing english phonology , even if they are phonetically imprecise .
early formulations that use terms such as " harm " or " injury , " such as those of epicurus and mill above , are today generally considered imprecise .
imprecise probability models are needed in inference problems where the relevant information is scarce , vague or conflicting , and in decision problems where preferences may also be incomplete .
" i learned [ from my mother ] ... to listen with patience and care , and never to interrupt even when people were having great difficulty in explaining themselves , for during such halting and imprecise moments ... people are very revealing -- what they hesitate to talk about can tell much about them .
according to the company 's founder , this issue is neglected by the audio industry and imprecise time - alignment is responsible for a major degradation in the quality of sound reproduction .
although contemporary philosophers who self - identify as " analytic " have widely divergent interests , assumptions , and methods -- and have often rejected the fundamental premises that defined the analytic movement between 1900 and 1960 - -analytic philosophy , in its contemporary state , is usually taken to be defined by a particular style characterized by precision and thoroughness about a narrow topic , and resistance to " imprecise or cavalier discussions of broad topics . "
it had only one hand , had no glass cover , and was rather imprecise because it slowed down as the spring unwound .
earlier inaccurate and misleading conflations of these disparate terms resulted from reliance on imprecise biblical translations and metaphorical impressions rather than on direct anatomical or behavioral observations of the bird species themselves .
however , those reading or hearing the english phrase " mother of god " as a translation of a greek text can not — unless they know the greek text in question , or obtain additional information — know whether the phrase is a literal translation of μήτηρ θεού or an imprecise rendering of θεοτόκος or one its latin equivalents or equivalents in other languages .
anthony ha , a journalist writing for venturebeat , concluded based on the imprecise valuations in arrington 's tests that the scores out of 1,000 might be more useful for ranking the relative potential of different companies .
since this method of adjusting pitch is imprecise , the resulting notes waver and bend .
these notions are of course imprecise , but at least explain why the nilradical of a commutative ring is contained in the ring 's jacobson radical .
some critics have taken the theorem to mean that general equilibrium analysis can not be usefully applied to understand real life economies since it makes imprecise predictions ( i.e. “ anything goes ” ) .
this means that there is a limitation on the precision with which an electron can possess ( i.e. , manifest ) position , since an infinitely precise position would dictate that its manifested momentum would be infinitely imprecise , or undefined ( i.e. , non - manifest or not possessed ) , which is not possible .
interval finite element method can be also applied in the theory of imprecise probability .
because of the ambiguity of its definition , the phrase " invasive species " is often criticized as an imprecise term within the field of ecology .
the nni has defined nanotechnology very broadly , to include a wide range of tiny structures , including those created by large and imprecise tools .
the investigation determined that the imprecise language used by the crew of the md-81 and the air traffic controller played a significant role in the accident .
he tended to fall out with former associates including shelley 's widow and trelawney whilst his writings on byron and shelley are often imprecise .
the court found that the " public interest " basis for pre - trial detention under section 515 of the " criminal code " violated section 11(e ) of the " canadian charter of rights and freedoms " , the right not to be denied reasonable bail , as it authorized detention on vague and imprecise grounds .
although contemporary philosophers who self - identify as " analytic " have widely divergent interests , assumptions , and methods — and have often rejected the fundamental premises that defined the analytic movement before 1960—analytic philosophy , in its contemporary state , is usually taken to be defined by a particular style characterized by precision and thoroughness about a narrow topic , and resistance to " imprecise or cavalier discussions of broad topics .
however , some problems have surfaced with this modified method as some examples displayed an imprecise point of intersection or no intersection at all .
however , some believe this delivery method has been rather ineffective in attacking a nation 's warmaking capability , due to the imprecise nature of the attack .
in most cases , the problem comes from imprecise cutting of the material , as explained below .
yet understanding of the nature of the threats is not high , in part because of imprecise usage of the term by politicians and the media .
it is now known that hooke 's equipment was far too imprecise to allow the measurement to succeed .
motivation for imprecise probabilities .
in the late 1980s and 1990s after a spate of criticisms from the quantitative side , new methods of qualitative research evolved , to address the perceived problems with reliability and imprecise modes of data analysis .
nolan ’s gesture was imprecise , and pointed not to the redoubts and the captured british guns but , it seemed – at least to lucan and his staff officers present – to the russian battery guarding ryzhov 's cavalry at the end of the valley .
a common starting point for researchers in imprecise probability is the 1991 book by peter walley .
the distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic semantics is sometimes associated with the presence or absence of annotations on lambda abstractions , but strictly speaking this usage is imprecise .
her dates are imprecise , but she lived to a great age and died on january 5 at ninety .
southern england , the south and the south of england are imprecise terms used to refer to the southern counties of england bordering the english midlands .
thus it is possible to compute a boundary for the imprecise region using the points inside and outside .
the problem arises from the fact that many of the antiarrhythmic agents have multiple modes of action , making any classification imprecise .
an intuitive though imprecise ( and inexact ) idea of continuity is given by the common statement that a continuous function is a function whose graph can be drawn without lifting the chalk from the blackboard .
besides being wasteful , broadcasting was very imprecise and led to a poor distribution of seeds , leading to low productivity .
kenji tokitsu has suggested that the accepted birth date of 1584 for musashi is wrong , as it is primarily based on a literal reading of the introduction to the " go rin no sho " where musashi states that the years of his life " add up to 60 " ( yielding the twelfth year of the tensho era , or 1584 , when working backwards from the well - documented date of composition ) , when it should be taken in a more literary and imprecise sense , indicating not a specific age but merely that musashi was in his sixties when he wrote it .
this is technically imprecise , as the title was also awarded to others but not applied to every muslim ruler .
historians have to use imprecise narrative documents to make estimates which must be treated with caution : luiz felipe de alencastro states that there were 8 million slaves taken from africa between the 8th and 19th centuries along the oriental and the trans - saharan routes .
however , for a newly discovered object , only a few days or weeks ' worth of measured positions may be available , which is only sufficient for a preliminary ( imprecise ) orbit calculation .
this dictionary contained translation of chinese words into jurchen , given in jurchen characters and in phonetic transcription ( rather imprecise , since the transcription was done by means of chinese characters ) .
some dry bites may also be the result of imprecise timing on the snake 's part , as venom may be prematurely released before the fangs have penetrated the victim 's flesh .
the terminology can be imprecise .
this " child as linguist " claim is an imprecise metaphor that does not contribute to our understanding of developmental psychology .
eurogame is a common , though still imprecise , alternative label .
imprecise probability is understood in a very wide sense .
the terminology used to identify such organizations grows out of usage , and has sometimes been imprecise .
an interrupt that does not meet these requirements is called an imprecise interrupt .
due to the very imprecise production methods of the period , however , it was not manufacturable for a long time , since the displacer ( described below ) inside the compressor comes within tenths of a millimetre of the housing wall without making contact .
the transition from romanesque to gothic is very imprecise and not at all a clear break , and gothic ornamental detailing is often introduced before much change is seen in the style of figures or compositions themselves .
however , definitions are imprecise , and sometimes not universally agreed upon .
compared with roman armies — or , indeed , later mediaeval muslim armies — the range of visual representation is very small , often imprecise and difficult to date .
the term is all - embracing , unscientific and rather imprecise , encompassing a great range of species from the little springbok and thomson 's gazelle to the very much larger kudu and eland .
the dates of these events are imprecise but the modern pattern was firmly established by 1588 , the time of the spanish armada , when an approximation to the modern course of the lowland river formed the boundary between the spanish netherlands and france .
the swiss photographer carl hans koch invented the sinar camera in 1947 due to his dissatisfaction with the imprecise nature of wooden view cameras and limitations of technical ( i.e. linhof technika ) and field cameras in general .
the fortress of the bastille was not intended for firing on the city below , the artillery of the time being too imprecise .
the marker can be any signal that the animal can perceive , so long as the signal is brief ( to prevent the problem of imprecise timing ) and consistent ( to prevent the problem of variations that may confuse the animal ) .
in 2004 a joint swedish - danish epidemiologic team found a link between allergies in children and the phthalates dehp and bbzp. their review article and meta - analysis of published data relating to phthalates and asthma found an association between phthalates in the home and asthma , especially in children , but this evidence was limited by imprecise data on levels of exposure .
only a later imprecise summary of the document has been preserved .
an imprecise notion of " exact solvability " as meaning : " the solutions can be expressed explicitly in terms
up until this point , newman argues , the definitions available were quite imprecise , requiring only instrumental character and contrasting character of movements .
despite the approximate position of " kormoran " being known ( most german accounts giving the battle coordinates as ) , efforts to find " kormoran " and " sydney " were hampered by the size of the search area indicated by such imprecise coordinates , and claims by supporters of alternate views of the engagement that the german coordinates were false and that the ships would be found further south and closer inshore .
greenfield ” tooling and methods use early , informal and often imprecise abstractions that essentially ignore such complexity .
in the 1713 treaty of utrecht , acadia was relinquished to england , however the boundaries of the ceasefire were imprecise , leaving england with what is today peninsular nova scotia , and france with control of the gulf of st. lawrence .
it is considered imprecise .
his landscapes have an arcadian lushness , with mountains , streams , distant hamlets , and small inhabitants painted with imprecise " pittori di tocco " flourishes .
to find the bandits , the french had to march into forests on the basis of imprecise and often misleading intelligence .
since the volume of water is imprecise , the required concentration is not guaranteed .
general farndale reports that counter - battery fire there failed to deal with the german artillery , but ascribes the failure to the as yet imprecise nature of long range map shooting , and the difficulty of maintaining forward observers on the flat terrain .
it is also called the portal venous system , although it is not the only example of a portal venous system , and splanchnic veins , which is " not " synonymous with " hepatic portal system " and is imprecise ( as it means " visceral veins " and not necessarily the " veins of the abdominal viscera " ) .
some intelligence and policy failures appear to be related to an imprecise use of estimative words .
the name continues in some usages , although it is today considered geologically imprecise as it combines features that are today regarded as separate , although related , rift and fault systems .
because these words are used very broadly , they are , he maintains , too inexact in their denotation to mean anything , and therefore we must either abandon them as too vague or imprecise , or otherwise retain them at the considerable risk of creating or maintaining fundamental misunderstandings .
possibility theory as an imprecise probability theory .
this term , however imprecise , was employed by his followers or other unorthodox movements to identify the prevailing methods as constituting nothing more than a competing ' school ' of medicine , however dominant in terms of number of practitioner proponents and patients .
the solution was that background colours were printed in an imprecise , watercolour style that did not depend on alignment with the engraved image .
divisionism and the imprecise designs of garcía were plainly rejected by maceo when the former asked for support to constitute a “
several jewish dialects , typically with a number of hebrew loanwords , are grouped together with classical arabic written in hebrew script under the imprecise term judeo - arabic .
microscopy is also a slow and imprecise method .
in many areas the border line between classical and melodic popular music is imprecise .
however , the rules may be imprecise , inconsistent , and even dynamic .
this argument has become less relevant given that most ladder logic programmers have a software background in more conventional programming languages , and in practice implementations of ladder logic have characteristics — such as sequential execution and support for control flow features — that make the analogy to hardware somewhat imprecise .
seitz described his discontent over the lack of innovation in the director 's attempted homages of older films : " doomsday " is frenetic , loud , wildly imprecise and so derivative that it does n’t so much seem to reference its antecedents as try on their famous images like a child playing dress - up . "
continuous speed control of a universal motor running on ac is easily obtained by use of a thyristor circuit , while ( imprecise ) stepped speed control can be accomplished using multiple taps on the field coil .
however , as with most spammer " targeting " , this is imprecise ; users have reported , for instance , receiving solicitations to mortgage their house at a specific street address — with the address being clearly a business address including mail stop and office number .
the identification of these places is imprecise : other sources state that " carcere " or " carcesi " is not cazorla but cieza , and that urci is torre de villaricos , and iliturgis is cuevas de lituergo .
similar themes have emerged from the literatures on scenario planning , robust control , imprecise probabilities , and info - gap methods .
however , references in this regard are too brief and imprecise to clearly identify the various ethnic groups or their specific characteristics .
the beginning of the period is imprecise ; however , the spread of secular education , the acceptance of humanistic literary norms , and the wide availability of latin texts following the invention of printing mark the transition to a new era at the end of the 1400s .
the 91 , for example , was designed for scientific computing and provided out - of - order instruction execution ( and could yield " imprecise interrupts " if a program trap occurred while several instructions were being read ) , but lacked the decimal instruction set used in commercial applications .
too little relief contributes to a neck that feels stiff and lifeless , while too much feels floppy , slow and imprecise .
imprecise probability is understood in a very wide sense .
the reverse , however , has not held true , which may contribute to imprecise estimates of the size of each sect .
on may 11 , 1997 , " mercury news " executive editor jerry ceppos published an editorial describing the series as an " important work " and " solidly documented , " but criticized the series for : a reliance on one interpretation of complicated , sometimes - conflicting pieces of evidence ; failing to estimate the amount of money involved ; for oversimplifying the crack epidemic ; and for creating impressions that were open to misinterpretation through imprecise language and graphics .
rice 's theorem establishes that this problem can not be solved in general for all programs ; however , it is possible to create a conservative ( imprecise ) analysis that will accept only programs that satisfy this constraint , while rejecting some correct programs , and definite assignment analysis is such an analysis .
the on manuscript preparation describes it as imprecise , stating , " it ’s best to be more straightforward and specific .
one of the world 's leading authorities on fascism , walter laqueur , after reviewing this and related terms , concluded that " islamic fascism , islamophobia and antisemitism , each in its way , are imprecise terms we could well do without but it is doubtful whether they can be removed from our political lexicon . "
because the court itself has recognized that determining if a fine is grossly excessive is " inherently imprecise " " gore " held that it was necessary to evaluate a number of factors .
some of them are often referred to as ' euroregions ' although this is an imprecise concept that is used for a number of different arrangements .
apa morţilor " ( " the dead men 's water " ) is about a bovaryist woman who discards lovers over imprecise feelings of dissatisfaction , finding refuge in the subdued world of the countryside .
but the film also received criticism as the film was sometimes felt to be dated and imprecise in its references to amy 's plight , however , in france and the u.s , the movie was a hit , apparently receiving standing ovations at some theatres .
advocates claim that this type of problem can be overcome by allowing analysts to state imprecise probabilities .
records regarding " winterberry 's " service between mid - september 1944 and the time of the okinawa invasion in april 1945 are fragmentary and imprecise .
alternative explanation without imprecise probabilities .
the napoleonic survey commission 's error came from fragmented readings mostly done during wartime , which resulted in imprecise calculations .
they argue that however significant the empirical research , these studies use the term race in conceptually imprecise and careless ways .
the 1965 acog definition was imprecise because , by the time it implants , the zygote is called a blastocyst , so it was clarified in 1972 to " conception is the implantation of the blastocyst . "
the core problem is that the actual rendezvous will seldom be observed directly - it must be inferred or ruled out based on a time - series of positional information of ships coming form sparse , irregular and imprecise sensor data .
although the definition is imprecise , it occurs in approximately 1% of vaginal births .
the imprecise meaning of " türk " .
semiconductor manufacturing is an imprecise process , with some estimates as low as 30% for yields .
in theoretical physics , particularly in discussions of , mach 's principle ( or mach 's conjecture ) is the name given by einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher ernst mach .
it might be made even more indirect by saying , " when you come to a decision to speak in public , you may find it appealing how your feelings have changed . " the choice of speaking in front of the audience , the exact time and the likely responses to the whole process are framed but the imprecise language gives the client the opportunity to fill in the finer details .
it is inscribed with " oriental " writing ; the old man calls it " sanskrit " , but it is imprecise arabic .
in comparison , the atomic orbital model may be seen as a classic approach of how to communicate sufficient results under conditions of imprecise observation .
the apa manual is about precision in writing and having the manual be as imprecise as it is seems wrong to me . "
in his adventures , the little fish is confronted with a various composite beings , whose identities are imprecise : " noi toţi " , which translates as " all of us " , " mierea pământului"—"the honey of the earth " , " vreo doi ( vreo doi era un şarpe de apă)"—"twosome ( twosome was a water snake ) " , " căpitanul de trei coţi lungime , de trei coţi lăţime"—"the three - cubit - long three - cubit - wide captain " , " prinţesa de satin"—"the satin princess " etc .
the definition of many of these measurements is often imprecise , and consequently it is often unclear how tools for computing them arrive at a particular result .
many scientists have pointed out that traditional definitions of race are imprecise , arbitrary , have many exceptions , and have many gradations , and that the numbers of races delineated vary according to the culture making the racial distinctions .
this is not a problem in uses such as heating , or in some forms of radar where the receiver can be synchronized with an imprecise magnetron frequency .
however , the book has been criticized for its " convoluted and opaque " prose style , as well as its extensive reliance on the model of the triune brain as defined by paul d. maclean , a model that has been variously categorized as obsolete , imprecise or unnecessary .
since the croatian estates never accepted this interpretation , the constitutional position of the city was always somehow imprecise .
in the early 1950s , william gaines shifted the focus of his father 's comic book company , ec comics , from educational to gruesome , with a bevy of titles such as " tales from the crypt " , " weird science " , and " crime suspenstories " , and became the best selling company of the time ( and perhaps all time , although sales records from the period are imprecise ) .
due to the imprecise nature of simultaneous interpretation , as well as the difficulties faced by non - native speakers in understanding foreign - language vernacular , idioms , and culture references , voice - over translations are often riddled with errors in translation .
eurogamer gave the wii version 6/10 , citing " the imprecise nature of the controls " , while admitting that " there 's still a decent amount of daft fun to be had out of this joyous little game " .
if from the imprecise estimate we can not get a good understanding what the true value could be , then the estimate is virtually worthless .
the classical world had initimate knowledge of their ancient persian neighbours ( and usually enemies ) , but very imprecise knowledge of most of the world further east , including the " seres " ( chinese ) .
unfortunately , " fill " areas were problematic , as cross - hatching patterns and dot - fills sometimes exhibited moiré effects or uber - patterns caused by the imprecise calculation of dot spacings .
the terms thus defined will often involve emotionally charged but imprecise notions , such as " freedom " , " terrorism " , " democracy " etc .
today , the phrases " machinist 's handbook " or " machinists ' handbook " are almost always imprecise references to " machinery 's handbook " .
lamer examined the phrase " in the public interest " and found that it was vague and imprecise , and so could not be used to frame a legal debate that could produce a structured rule .
due to the fluctuating and imprecise criteria for the diagnosis of asperger syndrome and of autism , even a formal diagnosis can not be taken as certain proof that a given person is on the spectrum .
" ... over one hundred pages ( as against bang 's twenty - three ! ) of marvellously intelligent , masterly criticism of the errors , imprecise thinking and failure of scholarly imagination that underlay bang 's claim . "
as swanson ( 2003 ) explains , in an imprecise date in the 1420s , a man took up the task of writing down the life of this then little - known norfolk woman , and although he died before completing the task , the script was continued by another scribe .
the northern and southern boundaries are somewhat imprecise .
this is a series of essays and anecdotes about the villagers of llangyllwch / llanfechain , though the boundary between fact and fiction is deliberately imprecise .
though the time distinctions are imprecise , diseases can be " rapidly progressive " ( typically days to weeks ) or " slowly progressive " ( months to years ) .
in theoretical physics , particularly in discussions of , mach 's principle is the name given by einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher ernst mach .
the scoring for the fulmer cup is imprecise — murder is 5 points , rape , bestiality , and grand larceny are 4 points , assault et al are 3 , drug possession et al are 2 , and misdemeanors are 1 point .
it bears an imprecise date : the 5th day of the macedonian month of panemos , in the year 78 of king moga .
this book is in no way the first attempt to formalize imprecise probabilities , but it is highly cited in the community for both its depth and breadth of coverage .
the dating of the earliest tamil grammatical treatise tolkappiyam has been debated much and it is still imprecise and uncertain and has seen wide disagreements amongst scholars in the field .
lifestyle drug ( also lifestyle medicine ) is an imprecise term commonly applied to medications which treat non - life threatening and non - painful conditions such as baldness , impotence , wrinkles , or acne , which the speaker perceives as either not medical problems at all or as minor medical conditions relative to others .
its meaning is sometimes imprecise , and therefore its interpretation is disputed , particularly concerning the obligatory or optional character of this commitment .
ordinal measurements have imprecise differences between consecutive values , but have a meaningful order to those values .
. in which , given puerto rico 's political relationship with the united states and the presence of puerto ricans in foreign countries , can be imprecise in many respects .
the term may be used specifically ( e.g. " one can be an expert in math , and totally ignorant of history . " ) or generally ( e.g. " an ignorant person . " ) -- although the second use is used less as a descriptive and more as an imprecise personal insult .
so any public calendar is imprecise ; it is simply an agreed - upon designation of days .
gerald sussman observed that " using precise language to describe essentially imprecise concepts does n't make them any more precise . "
ita considered the original name , " north east england " , was imprecise .
such stationary engines were imprecise machines which often produced substantial exhaust smoke when fueled with kerosene , a common fuel used before catalytic cracking of petroleum became more common in the 1930s .
by leveraging research results in technologies ( from static to dynamic to adaptive binding integration ) , methods ( service - centric system engineering , context - specific services specifications , contract management ) and tools ( from imprecise end - user requirements to service - based system specifications ) , secse aims to specifically impact and innovate the following areas of software engineering .
story is lacking in some way ( too large , complicated , imprecise ) , it is
even the imprecise details given , mostly by goscelin , are therefore valuable evidence of what anglo - saxon metalwork was like .
an investigation into the incident stated that imprecise information about the capabilities of the rocket as well as its flight environment contributed to the accident , though no single factor could ultimately be blamed for the failure .
some scholars have suggested that the term " state " is too imprecise and loaded to be used productively in sociology and political science , and ought to be substituted by the more comprehensive term " political system .
it is difficult to fix the date with precision , as gozbert and geilana are only known through these two somewhat imprecise church records .
conclusion the present classification of mood disorders is arbitrary , divided into a multitude of presumed disorders with imprecise criteria .
while this method of modeling human cancer in cell culture is effective and has been used for many years by scientists , it is also very imprecise .
while such a weapon clearly is a " makhaira " by ancient definition , the imprecise nature of the word as used in the new testament can not provide any conclusive answer .
many of the dates are imprecise because exact dates of when editions went into and out of circulation are not easily available .
they were probably adjusted manually every day to compensate for errors caused by wear and imprecise manufacture .
the distinction in naming between a box girder and a tubular girder is imprecise .
ever since , however , " modulo " has gained many meanings , some exact and some imprecise .
in other cases , the exact location may be unknown or intentionally imprecise , such as when covering military operations while on a ship at sea or following an invasion force .
in fact , words are imprecise , leading justices to impose their own prejudices to determine the meaning of a statute .
though this is an extremely imprecise way to date the holes , it can at least rule out that they were of modern origin .
further , they determined that in testing for retardation " scores gathered through intelligence testing are necessarily imprecise and must be interpreted flexibly . "
despite these advances , faulty instruments , imprecise measurements , recording errors or other factors may still result in an inaccurate survey , and these errors are often difficult to detect .
many of the credit offered do not transfer to other universities due to imprecise course descriptions .
pictures of this sort are sometimes casually called " staged photography , " but this is an imprecise term – since the simple posing of fashion models in the street is also ' staged photography ' . " tableau vivant "
however maddening to later scholars searching for camelot 's location , its imprecise geography serves the romances well , as camelot becomes less a literal place than a powerful symbol of arthur 's court and universe .
( contrary to what has been said by some imprecise sources , jazz , african americans , and new orleans bands had all been recorded earlier , but nordskog captured the first instance of those three elements in one place at the same time . )
note that this imprecise information will still be adequate for most purposes , because homonyms are rare in practice .
in 1897 , newman wrote " pseudo - philosophy at the end of the nineteenth century " , a critique of imprecise and subjective writing .
that leads her to conclusion the photographic theory is imprecise , but as well that photographs are institutionalized as arguments or supplements to arguments for themselves .
the elevation plans turned out imprecise to the extent that it was impossible to use them for a tenfold magnification .
the exact definition of the area designated as south otago is imprecise , as the area is not defined in geopolitical or administrative terms , but rather by the area 's topographical features and the similarity of its communities .
the inhabitants of sivas became enraged due to imprecise details about the severely distorted death toll and the fate of their relatives .
it should be noted that the term " vertical " for this type of engine is imprecise , since technically any type of steam engine is " vertical " if the cylinder is vertically orientated .
we measure the position of the truck every " δt " seconds , but these measurements are imprecise ; we want to maintain a model of where the truck is and what its velocity is .
the transition from romanesque to gothic is very imprecise and by no means clearly delineated , but one may see the beginning of a style that is more somber , dark , and emotional than the previous period .
it might be made even more indirect by saying , " when you come to a decision to speak in public , you may find it appealing how your feelings have changed . " the choice of speaking in front of the audience , the exact time , and the likely responses to the whole process are framed , but imprecise language gives the client the opportunity to fill in the finer details .
although the term " levant " was used more frequently , as an imprecise geographical notion , in reference to the region considered to be starting from the easternmost shores of the mediterranean sea , roughly covering present - day syria , the historic community generally known under the denomination of the " levantines " gained prominence principally in turkey , egypt and lebanon .
given its imprecise definition , it is arguable whether one should use kilograms ( a mass ) or newtons ( a weight / force ) as the equivalent si unit .
even researchers admit that the first observation may have been a little imprecise , whereas the second and third were " adjusted to the facts , " until tradition , education , and familiarity produce a readiness for new perception .
this is considered an imprecise formulation , since it explicitly ignores context .
he and mcdowell both take the line that frege 's discussion of empty names , and of the idea of sense without reference , are inconsistent , and that his apparent endorsement of descriptivism rests only on a small number of imprecise and perhaps offhand remarks .
however , data released in march 2009 on the community around dupont 's washington works plant showed " a modest , imprecise indication of an elevation in risk ... above the 90th percentile ... based on 12 cases in the uppermost
outside the family or the home setting , available informal information in the form of television and radio programs , illegal adult or sex publications , and the like was imprecise , flawed , or deficient .
on appeal , bronston claimed the key question was imprecise and that he should not have been convicted for making an answer that was true and accurate .
although the u.s. census bureau prepares population estimates for msas , these statistical units are defined by county borders . because massachusetts counties are relatively large and may contain several urban centers , msas are an imprecise way to describe the state ’s urban clusters .
statistics like this are , by nature , imprecise ; statistics from different years are n't necessarily comparable .
any discussion of the shapes of electron orbitals is necessarily imprecise , because a given electron , regardless of which orbital it occupies , can at any moment be found at any distance from the nucleus and in any direction due to the uncertainty principle .
largely , they have done so by expanding the notion of " analytic philosophy " from the specific programs that dominated anglophone philosophy before 1960 to a much more general notion of an " analytic " style , characterized by precision and thoroughness about a narrow topic and opposed to " imprecise or cavalier discussions of broad topics . "
however , this may be imprecise .
only a very imprecise hand written copy has been preserved , currently located in the national museum in prague .
by september 25 , thornburgh having been given only the vaguest of orders and possessing an equally imprecise knowledge of the situation at the agency , dispatched a message to meeker informing him of the column 's location and requesting meeker meet him on the trail for a strategy session .
can be used in a wide range of domains in which information is incomplete or imprecise ,
the terminology of western music is notoriously imprecise in this area ( scholes 1977 ) .
articulation disorder - inability to correctly produce speech sounds ( phonemes ) because of imprecise placement , timing , pressure , speed , or flow of movement of the lips , tongue , or throat .
german figures are imprecise with prisoners of war being recorded as 601 in some sources and up to 1,600 in others .
the definition of " deepest canyon " is similarly imprecise , especially if one includes mountain canyons as well as canyons cut through relatively flat plateaus ( which have a somewhat well - defined rim elevation ) .
pln represents truth values as intervals , but with different semantics than in imprecise probability theory .
another key ( though arguably imprecise ) usage for methodology does not refer to research or to the specific analysis techniques .
definitions of racial categories were often imprecise and ambiguous , especially for " mulatto " and " free person of color .
the agent then tries to satisfice the expected utility and to maximize the robustness against uncertainty in the imprecise probabilities .
of the several potential causes for this constant redefinition the greatest is probably that little is known about its intergeneric relationships or a lack of phylogenetic understanding enhanced by the other problems of conflicting clues from morphological characters , the large size of the tribe , the absence of a precise delimitation or circumscription of " senecio " and the naturalness of these assemblages combined with the imprecise boundaries of the different species themselves .
it can be either precise or imprecise .
this definitions vary both across cultures and among experts and political scientists , recently becoming more and more imprecise .
as with most descriptors of race based on inconsistent , unscientific phenotypical standards , the term is controversial and imprecise .
" gamepro " noted that the stylus input was imprecise , often mistaking movement and attack actions .
several critics cited minor issues with using the imprecise wii remote for puzzles requiring accuracy , while observations were made that lines of dialogue could be cut short and that the frame rate could slow significantly , especially in action sequences .
