this relieves a tensile strain directly below the dislocation by filling that empty lattice space with the impurity atom .
- ask now how much the impurity beneath this layer of water ! "
this results in a change in the proportions of solvent causing either " compound a " or " impurity b " to precipitate .
the tathagatagarbha is , according to the final sutric teaching of the mahayana nirvana sutra , the hidden interior buddhic self ( atman ) , untouched by all impurity and grasping ego . because of its concealment , it is extremely difficult to perceive .
the idea behind the event 's theme , an " impurity ball " , was to promote individuality and sexual freedom of consenting adults , by playing off of the purity balls that aim to enforce premarital virginity on young girls through abstinence pledges .
complete " ghusl " means washing your private parts and anywhere else that is contaminated with traces of impurity , then you do full " wudu " , then you pour water over your head three times , making sure that it reaches the roots of the hair .
the coulombic forces will deflect an electron or hole approaching the ionized impurity .
the boron and/or phosphorus impurity levels used can be adjusted to affect the silicate glass 's melting point .
abortifacient products were sold under the promise of " restor[ing ] female regularity " and " removing from the system every impurity .
imprisonment had rendered the creature dormant and it was eventually forgotten , becoming known merely as the " yellow impurity " in the power rings .
the teachings of jesus christ encouraged a turning away from and forgiveness of sin , including those sins of sexual impurity , although jesus never referred to homosexuality specifically .
the perfection of wisdom sutras of mahayana buddhism , in contrast , would ultimately view both impurity and purification as illusory , without any basis to either .
a baraita offers , as justification for the ritual of hand - washing after waking , the belief that a spirit of impurity rests upon each person during the night , and will not leave until the person 's hands are washed , and the zohar argues that body is open to demonic possession during sleep because the soul temporarily leaves the body during it ; the kabbalah argues that death awaits anyone who walks more than four yards from their bed without ablution .
a shpolskii ( or shpol'skii ) matrix is a low - temperature host - guest system consisting of guest or impurity chromophore embedded in a crystaline matrix .
the excitons are loosely bound electron - hole pairs which wander through the crystal lattice until they are captured as a whole by impurity centers .
in 1997 , ali yazdani , barbara jones , lutz , crommie and eigler published a paper in science in which they demonstrated the ability to map out the spatial dependence of the mid - gap state surrounding a magnetic impurity on the surface of a superconductor .
purity and impurity .
in 145 ce , rabbi shimon bar yochai " cleansed the city of ritual impurity allowing jews to settle in the city in numbers . "
in doing so he begins to become exceedingly violent and realises that without the yellow impurity of the gl power rings sinestro 's ring is driving him insane .
for instance , an impurity atom
at very high doses , the radiation response of the crystal saturates as well , due to finite number of impurity sites that can be affected .
by contrast , women ( especially during menstruation and giving birth ) , as well as death and decomposition and the outside ( muslim ) world are impure , and , just as in the veda and avesta , many cleansing ceremonies are required if impurity occurs .
violations of this code include " adultery , being without natural affection , lustfulness , infidelity , incontinence , filthy communications , impurity , inordinate affection , fornication .
the midrash portrays her as a pious and devoted woman , who would bathe in the nile to cleanse herself of the impurity of idolatrous egypt .
the differences in the colors for tb and pb reflect subtle differences in the method of precipitation , which strongly affects particle size and impurity content .
mass - difference impurity scattering .
research on magnetic impurities demonstrates that substantial alteration of certain properties such as specific heat may be affected by small concentrations of an impurity , as for example impurities in semiconducting ferromagnetic alloys may lead to different properties as first predicted in the late 1960s .
the syrup separated is molasses , which still contains sugar but contains too much impurity to undergo further processing economically .
where calcite limestone is uncommon or too costly , dolomite is sometime used in its place as a flux ( impurity remover ) for the smelting of iron and steel .
silicon is a common impurity in diamond films grown by chemical vapor deposition and it originates either from silicon substrate or from silica windows or walls of the cvd reactor .
r ' aryeh kaplan in waters of life connects the laws of impurity to the narrative in the beginning of genesis .
an impurity or defect may even result in the partial breakdown of the solid dielectric itself .
he is trained on how to overcome the yellow impurity weakness of his ring in the midst of battle .
therefore , even though it is present in many commercially available heptane products , it is not considered as a destructive impurity , as heptane is usually used as a solvent .
tanishq spread awareness to the public about alleged impurity in gold jeweleery across india .
the regular folk who rise and fall spiritually , engage more in the service of " iskafiah " ( " subjugation " of impurity ) .
but one may use for sukkah - covering anything not susceptible to ritual impurity that grows from the soil .
the burakumin are descendants of outcast communities of the feudal era , which mainly comprised those with occupations considered tainted with death or ritual impurity , such as executioners , undertakers or leather workers .
diamonds containing boron as a substitutional impurity are termed " type iib " .
iron atoms in copper cause the renowned kondo effect where the conduction electron spins form a magnetic bound state with the impurity atom .
the new testament has been said to condemn sodomy ; the biblical book of romans says , " therefore god gave them over in the lusts of their hearts to impurity , so that their bodies would be dishonored among them .
the carbon monoxide impurity can be detrimental to various systems including many fuel cells .
when both " compound a " and " impurity b " are dissolved in the minimum amount of hot solvent , the solution is filtered to remove " insoluble matter c " .
however , if one is in the middle of a vrata when impurity comes over them , they may continue with the vrata without any loss of merit , however there are still activities a person observing vrata must avoid .
this is the cause of the circular ripples around the impurity .
the ease with which this can occur will depend on the structure of the boundary , itself dependent on the crystallography of the grains involved , impurity atoms and the temperature .
c5meh5 is prepared by thermal cracking its diels - alder dimer , followed by distillation to remove cyclopentadiene c5h6 , a common impurity .
the hasidic leaders say that " to dispel darkness ( spiritual impurity and obstacles ) , one does not fight it " , the method of mussar , as such success has the drawback of immersing oneself in the problems .
this impurity was reduced to less than 2% when the solvent was changed from water to tetrahydrofuran , as the agaritine precipitated out of solution as it formed .
thus , impurity ion measurements can , in principle , provide direct information about the deuterium ions .
in another word , the mobility due to ionized impurity scattering increases with increasing temperature .
it is believed that calcium oxide was not added on its own in the manufacture of egyptian blue , but introduced as an impurity in the quartz sand and alkali .
elijah , joseph ben nathan 's brother , was asked by the chancellor why the mosaic law declared contact with , or being in the presence or neighborhood of , a dead body to be a cause of impurity . "
the value of the residual resistivity of a metal is decided by its impurity concentration .
it is occasionally present as an impurity in street heroin and is typically created when attempting to create heroin from a solution of morphine in which some of the codeine from the original opium solution still remains .
in a semiconductor , the two main carrier scattering mechanisms are ionized impurity scattering and lattice scattering .
dopant impurity atoms such as boron or phosphorus can be added to the molten intrinsic silicon in precise amounts in order to dope the silicon , thus changing it into n - type or p - type extrinsic silicon .
in hasidic lore , the path of nachman of breslov is especially related to giving redemption and encouragement to those people who are caught up in personal difficulties and spiritual impurity .
impurity doping allows the creation of n and p - type semiconductor analogue states , and an atomtronic battery can be created by maintaining two contacts at different chemical potentials .
in this case , the impurity is the undesired enantiomer ( the " opposite - handed " mirror image of a chiral compound ) .
for all sins of impurity , even against nature , a second baptism is enjoined " in the name of the great and most high god and in the name of his son the great king " , with an adjuration of the seven witnesses written in the book , sky , water , the holy spirits , the angels of prayer , oil , salt and earth .
therefore god gave them over in the sinful desires of their hearts to sexual impurity for the degrading of their bodies with one another .
on such cases virginity is not forfeit , because such like pollution is not the result of impurity which excludes virginity . "
both double - pulse libs as well as libs at reduced pressures are aimed at increasing the sensitivity of libs and the reduction of errors caused by the differential volatility of elements ( e.g. hydrogen as an impurity in solids ) .
parallax had been imprisoned within the central power battery for billions of years and is the mysterious " yellow impurity " within the corps ' green light that leaves them vulnerable against yellow .
according to biblical scholars , this ritual is primarily an example of sympathetic magic , with the running water and living bird being symbolic representations of ritual impurity going away ; killing animals over running water was a widespread ancient custom .
this could be an allusion to the foolishness of sexual impurity , although the true meaning is not known .
a dopant with five valence electrons is also called a pentavalent impurity .
mobility in these films is limited by ionized impurity scattering and is on the order of 40 cm2/v - s .
ionized impurity scattering .
some producers who make beaujolais on a large commercial scale will filter the wine aggressively , to avoid any impurity or future chemical reactions .
this practice was necessary due to the shinto belief in the impurity of death and the need to avoid this pollution .
both collections were composed and published under octavio de faria 's informal editorship , and that accounts for their style and subject - matter : a heavy , rhetorics - laden symbolist poetry , concerned above all with catholic mysticism and the search for redemption against sexual seduction ( in faria 's words , the conflict between " impossible purity and unacceptable impurity " ) .
traditionally these were used for carrying out the first step : formation of two liquids , one an oxide slag containing most of the impurity elements , and the other a sulfide matte containing the valuable metal sulfide and some impurities .
copper was a common impurity in pyrites , and he devised a way to extract from the burnt pyrites .
at lower temperatures , ionized impurity scattering dominates , while at higher temperatures , phonon scattering dominates .
an untied shikha was a symbol of disgrace , impurity and mourning .
niddah follows as it is also a lesser impurity but it has the extra feature of applying to only a portion of people ( ie . to women ) .
although the new testament presents the pharisees as obsessed with avoiding impurity , rabbinic texts reveal that the pharisees were concerned merely with offering means for removing impurities , so that a person could again participate in the community .
knowing the background carrier concentration formula_20 and the surface impurity concentration the " sheet resistance - junction depth " product formula_21 can be found using irvin 's curves , which are numerical solutions to the above equation .
in contemporary times , all people are considered to be defiled by a type of tumah ( impurity ) which can only be purified through the ritual of the parah adumah ( the red cow ) .
it allows for optimization for current density range , optimization of additive concentration , recognition of impurity effects and indication of macro - throwing power capability .
ashes are symbolic of the conquest of purity over impurity which is the essence of holika .
the most problematic impurity is 4-formylbenzoic acid , which is removed by hydrogenation of a hot aqueous solution .
the ascendance of impurity - chaosanct ( 2009 )
where formula_15 is a measure of the impurity scattering strength .
primary colors can mix " all possible colors " , and that any failure of specific paints or inks to match this ideal performance is due to the impurity or imperfection of the colorants .
nitrogen is by far the most common impurity found in gem diamonds .
no man should sleep with his wife in the city of the temple , defiling the city of the temple with their impurity .
based on the idea of a virtual bound state , anderson proposed a model that was successful in explaining the formation of a localized magnetic moment from a magnetic impurity .
carbon satellites ( and spinning sidebands ) should not be confused with impurity peaks .
mathematical expression of impurity concentration .
as is typical of their mid-1990s albums , and of mid-1990s swedish / melodic death metal in general , " impurity " is characterized by rapid bass drum rolls that alternate with slower , more intense patterns , particularly to counter the mid - to - high tempo guitar riffs .
impurity atoms in a crystal have an effect similar to thermal vibrations where conductivity has a direct relationship between temperature .
the most common impurity in diamond is nitrogen , which can comprise up to 1% of a diamond by mass .
their numbers are controlled by the concentrations of impurity elements , i.e. doping concentration .
in the case of alloys , there are several conditions in which small impurity concentrations can greatly affect the specific heat .
this label however inferred social problems such as poverty , impurity and discrimination due to the negative treatment of " hafu " back then in the 1940s .
for a single impurity , the hamiltonian takes the form
on the other extreme , separation of fissile plutonium-239 from the common impurity plutonium-240 , while desirable in that it would allow the creation of gun - type nuclear weapons from plutonium , is generally agreed to be impractical .
in 1934 , hyde used a method called “ frame hydrolysis ” to create fused silica , an impurity - free glass .
there is a set etiquette to wearing the grand boubou , primarily in place to keep the over - gown above the ankles at any one time , in keeping with islamic traditions of avoiding impurity ( see najis ) .
carbon satellites and spinning sidebands should not be confused with impurity peaks
type i diamond has nitrogen ( n ) atoms as the main impurity , at a concentration of up to 1% .
in hinduism , the dead body is considered to be symbol of great impurity hence miminal physical contact is maintained , perhaps to avoid the spread of infections or germs .
v. 11 for who ever could have any hope of any good existing in that man , the earliest period of whose life was made openly subservient to everyone 's lusts ; who had not the heart to repel the obscene impurity of men from the holiest portion of his person ?
a major advantage of the dme is that each drop has a smooth and uncontaminated surface free from any adsorbed analyte or impurity .
( nineteenth century techniques of refining were not as advanced as today , and nineteenth century sovereigns became more accurate in terms of their gold weight as silver — which is often naturally combined with gold — was removed as an impurity from the " pure " gold used .
impurity introduction can be strongly reduced .
aquinas himself declared that it is forbidden to offer fresh must in the chalice , because this is unbecoming owing to the impurity of the must ; but he added that in case of necessity it may be done .
the more impurity is present , the lower the melting point and the broader the range .
if the entire contents were consumed without leaving any impurity behind , then the liquor was good .
in 1656 , all jews were expelled from isfahan because of the common belief of their impurity and forced to convert to islam .
puff or an impurity pellet has been demonstrated in tokamak experiments , and ongoing
these ultrapure metalorganic sources require special manufacturing routes to keep impurity levels below parts per billion ( ppb ) or even parts per trillion ( ppt ) levels .
ii ) karpanya - this refers to absolute humility bordering on lowliness and honest awareness of one 's own natural ignorance , impurity etc .
mdma impurity .
that is dissolve " compound a " and " impurity b " in a suitable solvent at room temperature , filter ( to remove insoluble compound / glass ) , remove the solvent and then recrystallize using any of the methods listed above .
it is still , however , a considerable weakness for new gl recruits , who must be taught the impurity 's nature and how to combat it .
typically , a soxhlet extraction is only required where the desired compound has a " limited " solubility in a solvent , and the impurity is insoluble in that solvent .
zone melting can be done as a batch process , or it can be done continuously , with fresh impure material being continually added at one end and purer material being removed from the other , with impure zone melt being removed at whatever rate is dictated by the impurity of the feed stock .
by the eleventh century , the byzantine church had developed a theology of ritual impurity associated with menstruation and childbirth .
however , this practice of moving the capital due to " death impurity " is then abolished by the taihō code and rise in buddhist influence .
factors such as impurity level , mixing regime , vessel design , and cooling profile can have a major impact on the size , number , and shape of crystals produced .
approach not prayers with a mind befogged , until ye can understand all that ye say,- nor in a state of ceremonial impurity ( except when travelling on the road ) , until after washing your whole body .
intervalence charge transfer is a process that produces a strong colored appearance at a low percentage of impurity .
realizing that this was because of her impurity , she was struck with remorse , and on seeing an icon of the theotokos ( the virgin mary ) outside the church , she prayed for forgiveness and promised to give up the world ( i.e. , become an ascetic ) .
it is he , therefore , who is called upon to cleanse the sick and suffering from disease , which , superinduced by the demons , was looked upon as a species of impurity affecting the body .
impurity interstitials .
thus they claimed that latter were not entitled to vedokta karmas and should follow only " puraṇokta " rites and they were also against the brahmins who performed vedic rituals for the daivajñas , they incriminated that daivajñas have an impurity of descent and have a mixed - caste status or saṅkara jāti .
these microstructural aspects offer advantages in material strength because of fine grain size , refined distribution of dispersoid and/or secondary precipitate phases , as well as tolerance to impurity ‘ tramp’ elements .
crack is a lower purity form of free - base cocaine and contains sodium bicarbonate as impurity .
he viewed sin as a malady or impurity rather than an offense rendering the sinner guilty and damnable before god .
indeed allah desires to repel all impurity from you , o people of the household , and purify you with a thorough purification .
the emphasis upon his impurity is , in large part , one further missive directed at the claims of philosophers who wish , through reason , to achieve truth in its purity .
air currents may be caused by differences in temperature , pressure , or impurity concentration .
other general sanitary provisions administered by the government inspectors are the requirement in factories and workshops of washing conveniences where poisonous substances are used ; adequate measures for securing and maintaining a reasonable temperature of such a kind as will not interfere with the purity of the air in each room in which any person is employed ; maintenance of sufficient means of ventilation in every room in a factory or workshop ( in conformity with such standard as may be prescribed by order of the secretary of state ) ; provision of a fan to carry off injurious dust , gas or other impurity , and prevent their inhalation in any factory or workshop ; drainage of floors where wet processes are carried on .
to this photius added a moralistic bias that would long persecute the author : " the obscenity and impurity of sentiment impair his judgment , are prejudicial to seriousness , and make the story disgusting to read or something to be avoided altogether . "
on the seventh day , the " metzorah " again washes the garments he or she had been wearing from impurity and again shaves off all of his or her hair .
blackness is connected with abyss - like imagery and a sort of impurity and separateness from god .
another brahmin remarks with scorn about the impurity of the khandoba temple , visited by sudras and whose priests are non - brahmin guravs .
despite this re - introduction of the " yellow impurity " , which is now referred to as the parallax fear anomaly , the power rings ' weakness against yellow no longer applies , as experienced wielders are now able to consciously recognize its source , and overcome the fear associated with it .
his body was pure from any kind of soil and impurity .
the principle is that since the segregation coefficient k ( the ratio of an impurity in the solid phase to that in the liquid phase ) is usually less than one .
ethanol , however , prevented isomerisation and the formation of the unidentified impurity to give compound 5 .
several theories suggest that the minimum conductivity should be 4e2/πh ; however , most measurements are of order 4e2/h or greater and depend on impurity concentration .
on oxidation , benzaldehyde is converted into the odorless benzoic acid , which is a common impurity in laboratory samples .
references to a " spirit of impurity " or an " evil spirit " ( " ruaḥ tum'ah " ) are found in the hebrew bible , in rabbinic literature , and in psuedepigrapha .
it consists of eighteen chapters , which discuss the ritual impurity of corpses , and the peculiar quality they have to make all objects in the same tent - like structure impure as well .
ben niddah ( for a man ; " bat niddah " for a woman ; plural " b'nai niddah " ) is a hebrew term used primarily in orthodox judaism to refer to a person conceived when their mother was in a state of ritual impurity , when sexual intercourse is forbidden by halacha .
thereupon they besought him to communicate to them laws concerning certain points , particularly touching levitical purity and impurity .
random dopant fluctuation ( rdf ) is a form of process variation resulting from variation in the implanted impurity concentration .
no matter what method is used , it is usually impossible to separate an impurity completely from a material .
among those who can not offer or eat the " korban pesach " are : an apostate ( ) , a servant ( ) , an uncircumcised man ( ) , a person in a state of ritual impurity , except when a majority of jews are in such a state ( " pesahim " 66b ) , and a non - jew .
the adept is unaffected by any external impurity and makes use of what is reprehensible to attain transcendence .
as a result , the impurity - rich silicon was the first to be dissolved when treated with acid , leaving behind a more pure product .
the books of ephesians and colossians regard the sin of covetousness as a kind if idolatry and list this sin along with sexual immorality and impurity which give rise to the wrath of god .
natural crystalline materials contain imperfections : impurity ions , stress dislocations , and other phenomena that disturb the regularity of the electric field that holds the atoms in the crystalline lattice together .
st john 's scathing words on the " sins of impurity " produced salutary effects in a certain nobleman who had been living in open concubinage , but the woman swore vengeance .
in early cults , the distinction between sacred and unclean is far from complete or well defined ( see taboo ) ; consequently we find two types of cathartic sacrifice : one to cleanse of impurity and make fit for common use , another to rid of sanctity and in like manner render suitable for human use or intercourse .
the recent retcon involving the true reason behind the yellow impurity may mean these events have been retconned out of existence .
whether these lists include homosexuality depends on the translation of " porneia " ( sexual impurity ) .
the term clean animals in the hebrew bible is a misnomer as the actual term refers to the ' purity ' and ' impurity ' of the animal , which itself is a reference to the status the animal has in terms of kashrut and its eligibility for sacrifice .
the protic acid is often an impurity in the lewis acid and also formed in the course of a scholl reaction .
he recognized two types of depression : one caused by known reasons such as loss or failure , which can be treated psychologically through both external methods ( such as persuasive talking , preaching and advising ) and internal methods ( such as the " development of inner thoughts and cognitions which help the person get rid of his depressive condition " ) ; and the other caused by unknown reasons such as a " sudden affliction of sorrow and distress , which persists all the time , preventing the afflicted person from any physical activity or from showing any happiness or enjoying any of the pleasures " which may be caused by physiological reasons ( such as impurity of the blood ) and can can be treated through physical medicine .
upon his return , he and his shirei are so full of impurity that the other kirin are unable to get close to him .
when you blow away some impurity ?
the rubidium content in minerals is often calculated and quoted in terms of rb2o. in reality , the rubidium is typically present as a component of ( actually , an impurity in ) silicate or aluminosilicate .
regarding the origin of superconductivity in diamond , three alternative theories exist at the moment : conventional bcs theory based on phonon - mediated pairing , correlated impurity band theory and spin - flip - driven pairing of holes weakly localized in the vicinity of the fermi level .
a baraita taught that one day , rabbi eliezer employed every imaginable argument for the proposition that a particular type of oven was not susceptible to ritual impurity , but the sages did not accept his arguments .
therefore , at the solid / liquid boundary , the impurity atoms will diffuse to the liquid region .
sudan i is also present as an impurity in sunset yellow , which is its disulfonated water - soluble version .
the corps ' rings were powerless against anything colored yellow , due to a necessary impurity in the ring .
also , grain boundaries contain more impurities , which result in impurity scattering .
an adsorbate is an impurity that is weakly bound ( adsorbed ) to the surface of the precipitate .
as the meal resulting from a " slaughter offering " was seen as holy , the guests were required to cleanse themselves , and change their garments if possible ; impurity would have excluded them from participation .
these scattering mechanisms are : umklapp phonon - phonon scattering , phonon - impurity scattering , phonon - electron scattering , and phonon - boundary scattering .
oholot follows because it outlines the most serious type of impurity .
when they answered " no " he proceeded:"the people of the house are overflowing with abundant virtue , for the quran says , " allah wishes to remove all filth and impurity from you o house of the prophet , and to render you utterly free of pollution . " ( 33:33 ) allah has therefore removed from us all evil , outer and inner , and placed us firmly on the path of truth and righteousness .
" tumah " is a state of ritual impurity in halakha ( jewish law ) .
the most common impurity in diamond is nitrogen , which can comprise up to 1% of a diamond by mass .
for example , arsenopyrite , a common impurity in gold- and copper - containing ores , liberates arsenic trioxide upon heating in air .
in standard aas , the impurity is dissolved together with the matrix element .
cadmium is a common impurity in zinc ores , and it is most often isolated during the production of zinc .
her ring also has a weakness to the yellow impurity , the color of fear .
it is also a significant sulfur - containing impurity in synthesis gas .
spiritual ignorance is the only impurity and knowledge is pure .
this does n't have the beneficial effect on encouraging co production and it can also supply phosphorus as an impurity into the steel alloy .
the impurity of the eyes is to gaze upon the beauty of another man 's wife , and his wealth .
in yochanan 's absence her neighbor , yosef ben pandera forced his way upon her , coercing her into an act of sexual intercourse during her niddah ( a period of ritual impurity during which relations are forbidden according to jewish law ) .
ion irradiation is routinely used to implant impurity atoms into materials , especially
alternately , this compound can be prepared from fluorine and dried pdi2 or ki to minimize the formation of iof5 , an impurity arising by hydrolysis .
typically , the mixture of " compound a " and " impurity b " are dissolved in the smallest amount of solvent to fully dissolve the mixture , thus making a saturated solution .
a laser pumped with an arc lamp or a flashlamp is usually pumped through the lateral wall of the lasing medium , which is often in the form of a crystal rod containing a metallic impurity or a glass tube containing a liquid dye , in a condition known as " side - pumping . "
during the era of communist rule in hungary ( 1944–1989 ) a song committee scoured and censored popular music for traces of subversion and ideological impurity .
british rock band new model army has quoted stafford in the lyrics to their song " space " included on their 5th studio album impurity from 1990 .
morrison continually places the idea and image of dirt and impurity - both figuratively and literally - in each new setting .
the concentration of impurity in the gas phase determines its concentration in the deposited film .
small amounts of aluminium carbide are a common impurity of technical calcium carbide .
since ancient times there is a korean belief that when somebody dies , their body can not enter the world of the dead because of the impurity of their spirit .
the reason may be partly that his pig iron was better for castings than charcoal pig iron , but the presence of silicon as an impurity made it an unattractive feedstock for finery forges .
for the israeli religious public , it was a symbol of impurity and a violation of the state 's jewish character .
the same idea is seen in the following verses : " put to death what is earthly in you : fornication , impurity , passion , evil desire , and covetousness , which is idolatry " . "
this impurity can be removed by recrystallisation of pph3 from either hot ethanol or hot isopropanol .
this velocity is a characteristic of the material and a strong function of doping or impurity levels and temperature .
r ' aryeh kaplan in " waters of life " connects the laws of impurity to the narrative in the beginning of genesis .
shayast ne - shayast ( persian:شایست نشایست).'proper and improper'.one of the middle persian books which is written about 8th century b / c and containing about 13,700 words.this book is a compilation of miscellaneous laws and customs regarding sin and impurity , with other memoranda about ceremonies and religious subjects in general .
if a dopant is added to the material ( example : nd in batio3 ) the impurity will tend to stick to the grain boundaries .
by the impurity ion .
this sapphire is the same crystal that is called a ruby when it contains chromium as an impurity , or blue sapphire when the impurities are iron and titanium .
impurity ( fleshcrawl album ) .
impurity ion that has no electrons ( e.g. c+6 ) .
those holes and electrons are captured successively by impurity centers exciting certain metastable states not accessible to the excitons .
spotting or excess white was believed by many breeders to be a mark of impurity until dna testing for verification of parentage became standard .
impurity incorporation .
cacagni was assigned the job after michelangelo abandoned the sculpture after eight years of tireless work upon discovering an impurity in the marble that had gone undiscovered until that point .
( in rare cases dislocations or other crystal defects can play the role of the impurity . )
" and abide quietly in your homes , and do not flaunt your charms as they used to flaunt them in the old days of pagan ignorance ; and be constant in prayer , and render the purifying dues , and pay heed unto allah and his apostle : allah wishes to remove all filth and impurity from you , o people of the house of the prophet , and to render you utterly free of all pollution . "
on the other hand , etching by hf may be beneficial to remove unwanted impurity layers .
the album sees the band abandoning the folk rock oriented sound of their prior albums , " thunder and consolation " ( 1989 ) and " impurity " ( 1990 ) , going for a more classic straightforward rock sound .
the ssitgim - gut washes away this impurity .
it is full of the passioned desires of a corrupt heart , full of impurity , full of a stupid pride , a pride of someone who , while realizing his potential , has not yet matured to analytical thinking or independence of thought .
however one group derived from trinitrotoluene ( 2:4 d and 2:4:5 t ) have the impurity dioxin , which is very toxic and causes fatality even in low concentrations .
this system comes from the superstition of impurity during the menstruation period .
hot filtration can be used to separate " compound a " from both " impurity b " and some " insoluble matter c " .
gini impurity .
the dmf contains factual and complete information on a drug product 's chemistry , manufacture , stability , purity , impurity profile , packaging , and the cgmp status of any human drug product .
in order to remove either impurity , the gas mixture is condensed and fractionally distilled to give a mixture of no2 and n2o4 .
the ritual impurity of the parturient mother and her child exposed them , according to traditional maltese belief , to unusual danger especially during the first few days after birth .
a.c. banerji , barrister - at - law from santipur in nadia and a friend of jatindranath mukherjee , obtained the aid of the nabadwip pundits and goswamis : their influence , throughout india , roused the religious scruples of both hindus and muslims concerning the impurity in the manufacture of salt and sugar , as much as their boycott of foreign goods .
prostitutes as public figures often represented the depths of impurity .
it demonstrated that the meat of the superconductor ’s response to the magnetic impurity occurred on a length - scale that is short compared to the coherence length .
while western european nations were despised for allowing racial impurity , they were still essentially aryan nations , but the small and weak slavic nations to the east were legitimate targets .
the burakumin are descendants of outcast communities of the feudal era , which mainly comprised those with occupations considered " tainted " with death or ritual impurity ( such as executioners , undertakers , workers in slaughterhouses , butchers or tanners ) , and traditionally lived in their own secluded hamlets and ghettos .
as time passed , the entity became known as the yellow impurity , the cause for the power rings ' weakness to the color yellow .
the molten zone carries the impurities away with it and hence reduces impurity concentration ( most impurities are more soluble in the melt than the crystal ) .
in after the city , lars lerup defines dross as waste product or impurity formed on the surface of molten metal during smelting .
he covered his daughter fatima , cousin ali , grandsons hasan ibn ali , husayn ibn ali and himself with his cloak and said " o ' allah these are my ahl al - bayt ( family ) , purify them from " najasat " ( impurity ) " .
in 1966 jones suggested that it may be possible to create giant hollow carbon molecules by distorting a plane hexagonal net by the addition of impurity atoms .
if karma were to be influenced by god , then god himself would be subject to impurity ( of actions , good and bad ) .
magnetic impurity .
sebastien michaelis would later assign gressil the status of demon of impurity and uncleanliness , third in the order of thrones .
there have been no pure samples of jerrygibbsite found , and attempts thus far of coming up with a pure powder sample have been unsuccessful . x - ray powder diffraction has therefore been calculated by assuming an impurity of leucophoenicite and working around them , because leucophoenicite is a mineral that has been found in pure form , so the " d "- spacings are known from prior x - ray powder tests .
hindus believe in a duality of purity and impurity .
this muddy situation possibly originated from the indirect nature of the experimental evidence , as well as experimental issues such as sample quality , impurity scattering , twinning , etc .
australian government does not allow deg as a food additive ; it is only allowed less than 0.25% w / w of deg as an impurity of polyethylene glycol ( peg ) even in toothpaste.[35 ]
he pioneered the use of infra - red gas lasers combined with high magnetic fields to carry out cyclotron resonance and impurity spectroscopy measurements .
the new testament also uses the term " idol " in reference to conceptual constructs , as in paul ’s letter to the church in colosse : " put to death , therefore , whatever belongs to your earthly nature : sexual immorality , impurity , lust , evil desires and greed which is idolatry .
it has few uses , and generally appears as an impurity in uranium hexafluoride ( in the nuclear industry ) or tungsten hexafluoride ( in the semiconductor industry ; wf6 is used for chemical vapour deposition of tungsten ) ; it can be removed from the latter by reduction of a wf6-mof6 mixture with any of a number of elements including molybdenum at moderately elevated temperature ( us patents 5234679 , 6896866 )
his body was pure from any kind of soil and impurity .
small amounts of an impurity that strongly absorbs a particular wavelength can radically change the wavelengths of light that are reflected by the specimen , and thus change the apparent color .
the most typical impurity to induce dynamic surface tension measurement is a surfactant molecule which has both of hydrophilic segment , generally called “
to compute gini impurity for a set of items , suppose y takes on values in , and let fi = the fraction of items labelled with value i in the set .
the most common impurity , nitrogen , causes a slight to intense yellow coloration depending upon the type and concentration of nitrogen present .
who detected it as an impurity in yttrium oxide , y2o3 , and named after the village ytterby in sweden .
