they were often incised with sacred patterns , which could be tribal insignia , or have other meanings , or tell stories .
although no photographic studies have survived that would suggest a more direct connection between the photographs and the painting , recent scholarship has proposed that marks incised onto the canvas and later covered by paint indicate that eakins made use of light - projected photographs .
the figures of both archilleus and ajax are decorated with fine incised details , showing almost every hair .
the method of decorating a subject with groups of incised lines , straight or curved , though often very effective and in every way suitable , is not a very advanced form of art and has decided limits .
some major rivers , such as the pecos and canadian , incised their courses deeply as the region was elevated , while others , such as the red , brazos , and colorado rivers , arose on the dip slope .
as the letters were originally incised with a stylus , most shapes are angular and straight , although more cursive versions are increasingly attested in later times , culminating in the neo - punic alphabet of roman - era north africa .
the summit plateau is l - shaped , incised in the middle by rawthey gill , and measures some 4 km ( 2.5 miles ) from end to end .
rare painted and incised sherds have been found at all four sites , ranging from less than one percent near kincaid to about three or four percent of the assemblage at wickliffe .
the band itself is incised with dotted decorations running on the top and bottom in a diamond motif .
surface decorations range from plain to incised s.e.c.c. designs .
in places such as the james range , the finke flows through deeply incised meanders ( ) .
bone and stone media were engraved or incised with a metal stylus or knife .
the hamlet , which consists of just a few houses , lies in the harz mountains in the deeply incised bode gorge on the b 81 federal road and was named after a ford that crossed the river bode .
the pilasters dividing the central bays are incised at the inside next to the windows .
the creek runs for a length described by different authorities as from 13 to 22 km ( 8 to 14 miles ) , most recently 12.5 miles , and after exiting the foothills near junipero serra boulevard and alpine road , runs in an incised channel in a broad alluvial fan , before draining into the bay south of the dumbarton bridge and north of the palo alto flood basin .
the wavy folds are crossed by numerous incised spiral lines , some of which are paired .
many of her poems were ﬁrst incised with burnt matchsticks onto bars of soap , and then memorised .
it lies in woodland close to the parish boundary , and features an incised wheeled cross , the style of which suggests it dates from 7th to 9th century .
bennett valley is drained by matanzas creek which is incised into the valley floor ; an unnamed stream and spring creek drain into matanzas creek from the east side of bennett valley below the matanzas creek reservoir .
al - jazira is characterised as a outwash or alluvial plain , quite distinct from the syrian desert and lower - lying central mesopotamia ; however the area includes eroded hills and incised streams .
class i pictish stones are unshaped standing stones incised with a series of about 35 symbols which include abstract designs ( given descriptive names such as crescent and v - rod , double disc and z - rod , ' flower ' and so on by researchers ) ; carvings of recognisable animals ( bull , eagle , salmon , adder and others ) , and objects from daily life ( a comb , a mirror ) .
the window spandrels separating each floor feature moldings incised with black designs in pueblo indian motifs .
other popular cultivars are ' aconitifolium ' which has deeply incised leaves , and ' green cascade ' , with drooping to pendulous branches .
holmes has received , from a mysterious correspondent , a curved fragment of black basalt incised with weird runic symbols and stained with coagulated blood .
little or nothing remains of the original rim , so completely has it been eroded and incised by smaller craters .
the pottery of this period in the upper levels is for the most part red ware and is frequently decorated with incised motifs .
commonly used after surgery to provide support to an incised area and decrease pain on coughing .
uzerche is a hill town , built on a deeply - incised meander of the vézère river .
the apsidal shrine with a spring - fed pool in the northwest angle of the villa complex may have dictated the siting , for in it was found a crudely carved figure of mars lenus , incised " [ l]en(o ) m[arti ] " ( adams 2003 ) .
there was also a local tradition of producing painted and decorated ( incised or stamped ) pottery .
the earliest english church monuments were simple stone coffin - shaped grave coverings incised with a cross or similar design ; the hogback form is one of the earliest types .
c - group pottery is characterized by all - over incised geometric lines with white infill and impressed imitations of basketry .
numerous stones incised with cup and ring marks have also been found in the surrounding area .
the rim of walther is complex , heavily eroded and incised by lesser impacts .
the decoration is stamped or incised .
the end window bays are flanked by incised pilasters .
some of them bore markings in the form of incised lines and impressed dots .
sunderland is divided by the river wear which passes through the middle of the city in a deeply incised valley , part of which is known as the hylton gorge .
through these descriptions , we come to understand the unique geography and ecosystem contained within the bottomlands and its trench and how animals and plants would have adapted to a desert environment two kilometers below average sea level . we also see how the geography of the area would have been different from our timeline , including things like deep river canyons as the rivers around the mediterranean would have incised such canyons in their descent down the old continental shelf ; hydroelectric dams on such rivers generated 80% of tartesh 's electricity .
lithography is a form of planographic printing , meaning that the surface is flat , in contrast to relief printing ( using a raised surface ) or intaglio printing ( using an incised surface ) .
initially it had very little embellishment and no descriptive title until 1870 , when the london and north western railway incised " euston " on the architrave in letters of gold .
one is built into a corner of the ' mort house ' in the churchyard , and shows two crosses incised in a worn pink granite slab .
early 20th century writers described incised crosses on the faces of the cross , but they are barely visible today .
there are spectacular examples of valley and rugged river gorges including the deeply incised guy fawkes river valley along the line of an ancient fault through the park .
the park includes an incised meander in the river known as the narrows of the harpeth and its associated national historic landmark , the montgomery bell tunnel .
construction of the elaborate building took many years ; the date 1912 is incised on the frieze on the lafayette street side , but the interior was not finished until 1915 , with employees occupying their offices the following year .
shillhope law is a relatively unremarkable member of this group ; in common with its neighbours it has a small summit and steep , grassy sides falling to deeply incised valleys on either side .
this record was then usually incised into the plastron 's surface .
these terraces are locally incised by side wadis or rivers forming a maze of ravines , alternating with sharp crests and rises , with towers , pinnacles and a badlands morphology .
several lmlk stamps may have had additional inscriptions incised over them containing marks resembling the letters " i v " ( hence " ivy " incisions " ) ; however , one or more of these handles may just contain stray drag marks resembling the letters " i v " with no literate semantics intended .
the linear writings of crete in the first half of the second millennium bc were made on sun dried clay tablets that were left to dry in order to become ' leather ' hard before they were incised by the stylus .
parts of the southern inner wall has become incised , and the elongated satellite crater kaiser a lies across the eastern rim .
etching is an intaglio method of printmaking in which the image is incised into the surface of a metal plate using an acid .
incised in the bench and paving are arced lines representing shadows on the vernal and autumnal equinoxes .
if the area is subsequently uplifted due to adjacent orogenic processes , without internal deformation within the peneplain , the streams will again begin downward erosion - creating incised meanders , water gaps , and other unique geomorphic features .
in contrast to the corinthian painters he used double and even triple incised lines to better depict animal anatomy .
the pottery repertoire is very rich and the diagnostic wares of this period included mud applique wares , incised ( deep and light ) , tan / chocolate slipped wares , brown - on - buff wares , bichrome wares ( paintings on the exterior with black and white pigments ) , black - on - red ware and plain red wares .
the patterns portrayed in paintings by papunya artists originated as translations of traditional motifs marked out in sand or incised into rock .
the heavily eroded outer rim of goldschmidt is rugged and irregular , with an inner wall that is incised in several locations by small impacts .
the pottery showed a wide variety of incised and impressed decoration .
the earliest known use of the classical labyrinth pattern in the british isles is on the hollywood stone , an incised granite boulder from county wicklow , ireland , dating from c. 550 ad .
as the stream erodes downwards , its established meandering pattern will remain as a deep valley known as an " incised meander " or " entrenched meander " .
although they began from plain and mould - blown vessels close to the parthian taste ( negro ponzi 1984 , see figure 3 ) , they soon generated their own genuine style especially recognizable in the " ’typical hemispherical bowls with round or hexagonal deep incised facets’ " ( negro ponzi 1987 , 272 ) and widely expanded it throughout all the sasanian territory and even beyond their borders .
the images show a surface strewn with pebbles and incised with small troughs into polygons about 5 m across and 10 cm high , with the expected absence of large rocks and hills .
four of the bowls have incised emblemmatic designs associated with mercury , and the inscription vslm , " votum solvit libens merito " .
wood artifacts found at key marco included masks , painted carvings of animals , incised and painted tablets and toy / model canoes .
often , gilding was also applied to the incised designs .
now incised into a narrow channel and meandering around sandbars and gravel bars , the river drops over rapid after rapid and turns south as it receives dillon creek from the right , from the mouth .
the domes and vaults of the sandstone buildings are worked with tracery of incised painting to create elaborate geometric forms .
tracings were architectural drawings incised and painted in stone , to a depth of 2 - 3 mm , showing architectural detail to scale .
the bone bed was situated west of the original mastodon find along a deeply - incised portion of the same stream channel , approximately below ground surface .
the " ' crossword'-style " grid was originally painted blue ; the hieroglyphs are incised , in sunken bas relief .
their pottery is characterized by incised lines of a more limited character than those of the c - group , generally having interspersed undecorated spaces within the geometric schemes .
the le sueur river flows in most of its course on till plains and on the plain of a former glacial lake , through deeply incised ravines in its lower course .
however , as a range highpoint in deeply incised terrain , it is the second most topographically prominent peak in the country , after huascarán .
there were also storage pits and other remains of occupation including pottery with stamped and incised patterns typical of the west midlands iron age .
generally the area is a vast plateau exceeding 700 metres elevation above sea level that is incised by a steep - walled fjord .
in general , relief inscriptions prefer monumental forms , and incised ones prefer the linear form , but the styles are in principle interchangeable .
the dorians have left a number of inscriptions incised in stone , in the vicinity of the temple of apollo , attesting to pederastic relations between the authors and their eromenoi .
intensive uplifting and folding in the formative period left the area highly fragmented , so that subordinate ranges and spurs veer off at many angles , their slopes incised by steep - sided valleys .
some graves contain a combination of tumulus - culture pottery and urnfield swords ( kressborn , bodenseekreis ) or tumulus culture incised pottery together with early urnfield types ( mengen ) .
in this mosque sinan employed an octagonal supporting system that is created through eight pillars incised in a square shell of walls .
such incised meanders form desirable locations for the construction of fortifications , of which durham castle is a good example .
" ulmus laciniata " is chiefly distinguished by its leaves , often regularly incised to form between three and seven apical lobes , giving rise to its common synonym , the cut - leaf elm .
the pelvic fins are deeply incised , with the anterior lobe moderately long and slender and the posterior lobe broadly rounded .
prominent amongst these is the vale of neath , a deep valley incised by a glacier during the ice ages along this line of weakness in the earth 's crust and now occupied by the river neath between pontneddfechan and swansea bay .
more than 160 copper oxhide ingots , 62 bun ingots , and some of the tin oxhide ingots have incised marks typically on their rough sides .
the bowl has incised decoration , possibly representing clouds or the reflection of clouds in the water .
both the outer wall and the interior have been heavily worn and eroded by subsequent impacts , so that significant parts of the outer and inner walls now consist of irregular and incised sections of mountainous arcs .
the peritoneum is incised at the right edge of the duodenum , and the duodenum and the head of pancreas are reflected to the opposite direction , i.e. to the left .
the terrain is broken by a series of deeply incised streams and rivers running roughly southwards to meet the river haddeo , a tributary of the river exe .
a stele from the sanctuary at carthage bears an incised representation of the silhouette of a priest praying with up - raised arms and wearing a long robe on which the sign is inscribed .
chevalier " , coles creek incised " var .
meanwhile , rain also erodes the volcano , creating deeply incised valleys .
the cascajal block is a writing tablet - sized serpentinite slab which has been dated to the early first millennium bce incised with hitherto unknown characters that may represent the earliest writing system in the new world .
its outer rim has been heavily worn by impact erosion , leaving an irregular ring of rising ridges and an inner wall incised by impacts .
separating the first and second stories is a stringcourse with medallions and incised vertical designs topped with a wave pattern .
at a dàwènkǒu site in shāndōng , one pictorial symbol has been found painted in cinnabar , while at the dàwènkǒu sites of língyánghé ( 陵陽河 ) and dàzhūcūn ( 大朱村 ) , eighteen isolated pictorial symbols of eight types incised and/or painted with cinnabar on sixteen pottery jars and shards have been found , mostly from wealthier tombs .
this coastal area is known for its caves ( the place - name derives from gaelic " uamh " , ' cave ' ) , several of which contain pictish incised carvings .
mahoning plain and cordmarked pottery(mayer - oakes’ 1955:192 - 195 ) type description includes three main types that date to the middle - late woodland : mahoning cordmarked , mahoning plain , and mahoning incised ( macdonald 2000b ) .
this ecoprovince is divided into four ecosections : the rolling uplands with few ridges and wide valleys of the clear hills and halfway plateau ecosections , the wide plains with deeply incised rivers of the peace lowland ecosection , and the rolling uplands and rocky mountain foothills of the kiskatinaw plateau ecosection .
the result was so effective that pflueger used it on a much larger scale above the audience seating at the paramount theatre in oakland , where it extended from and formed a continuity with the incised art on the proscenium .
intaglio ( ) is a family of printmaking techniques in which the image is incised into a surface , known as the matrix or plate .
key - fret , foliate designs , geometric or scrolling flowerhead bands , elliptical panels , stylized fish and insects , and the use of incised designs began at this time .
any decoration was simple , usually limited to one or more incised lines .
the gallon capacity of the vessels was often denoted using numeral stamps or incised or cobalt oxide numbers or hash marks applied in freehand .
blade ovate , at the tip shortly acuminate , at the base abrupt , or regularly oval , at the tip blunt or incised , 15 - 26 cm x 7 - 15 cm wide with 7 - 13 veins and distinct pellucid lines .
below this and to the left , but overlapping it slightly , is a smaller , more lightly incised inscription in latin , reading : patern[-- ] coli avi ficit artognou .
both can be recognized by the dorsal sclerotized shield being deeply incised laterally .
the creek is about long , and is a ria or drowned river valley estuary , consisting of steeply incised gorges with surrounding plateau areas .
fewer than thirty incised graffiti in a " proto - sinaitic script " found in the temple have made serabit el - khadim famous among students of the history of the alphabet .
to the northwest , north , northeast , and east , arabika is bordered by the deeply incised canyons of sandripsh , kutushara , gega and bzyb rivers .
typical decoration of art ware pieces at this time by helen goodyer consisted of intricate incised designs , usually with a botanical theme , executed through one or more layers of previously applied coloured slip .
in 1857 , when the chancel of the church was demolished , a slab of purbeck marble was found , about 26 inches by 14 , bearing an incised portrait of a man wearing a long robe , his hands raised to hold a plain shield or receptacle , with a horn hanging on a strap from his left shoulder .
they have medium - sized wings and tails , and the tails of all species are incised at the tip .
the leaves are rounded , 4.5–8 cm long and 6–12 cm broad , palmately veined and lobed , with 9–13 ( rarely 7 ) serrate shallowly incised lobes ; they are hairless , or thinly hairy at first with white hairs ; the petiole is 3–7 cm long and hairless .
also from em iia are the cylindrical and spherical pyxides called fine gray ware or just gray ware , featuring a polished surface with incised diagonals , dots , rings and semicircles .
between the pilasters and above the window bays are incised panels with a carved u.s. shield in the center .
these were produced using a polychrome technique with many of the details being incised as in black - figure painting .
the coat of arms of one owner , probably the builder , hugh montgomerie ( the third earl of eglinton ) , are on a roof boss in the entrance pend , together with his ' hm ' initials and the arms of his wife , agnes drummond , with ' ad ' incised ; he married her in 1562 .
it lacks pelvic fins , and fin rays are unbranched , with the fin membranes deeply incised between the rays .
the ceramic type " ometepe red slipped - incised " is found on ometepe island .
there is a small craterlet and the incised remnant of a small crater rim in the northeast part of the floor .
the doors have gothic trefoil and quatrefoil panels and are made of thick soft wood incised to simulate black walnut .
the inscription was incised on an inverted ionic capital , found lying beside a column of african granite that rose above ground level by 75 cm , with a foundation depth of 48 cm .
a number of densely populated valleys are incised into these uplands , notably that of the river calder which provides a low - level route for road , railway and canal between lancashire and west yorkshire .
south and east is the valley of the oued isser , whose sides rise to around 600 metres and are deeply incised by streams ; in many places the slopes are covered with vineyards and olive - groves .
part of the designation includes the section of the river downstream from the owyhee dam , where the river flows through a remote section of deeply incised canyons surrounded by high canyon rims that are habitat for mountain lion , bobcat , mule deer , california bighorn sheep , and a large variety of raptors .
robertson / hollywood pottery is typically marked on the bottom with incised script " robertson / hollywood . "
one product available at this market is incised gourds , used by local women as shopping baskets .
many artifacts have been uncovered there , including clovis points , carved bone cylinders , scrapers , awls , needles , punches , and incised and painted pebbles .
the area does not contain mountains in the conventional sense but is described as a deeply incised sandstone plateau rising from less than 100 metres above sea level to 1300 metres at the highest point .
the cliffs , deeply incised stream gullies and small bays of the area attract a wide variety of seabirds and make the area a paradise for bird - watchers .
in its upper reaches in the red hills of the piedmont , it flows through a deeply incised channel etched into crystalline rocks .
. eroded by water , wind , frost , and gravity , this is a classic location for observing incised meanders .
his monumental brass , of the incised , flemish type , is now in newcastle cathedral and is said to be the largest brass in the country .
incised rosettes continued to be put on vases ; they are lacking on only a few kraters and cups .
the distribution of maltese crosses overlaps that of ceramic artifacts ( pots , and spindle whorls ) with incised crosses , images of fish , and christian inscriptions ; handmade pots with such decoration are indisputably of local production .
some have incised or moulded decorations .
during the summer of 1994 , excavators from the nahal tillah expedition in southern israel discovered an incised ceramic shard with the serekh sign of narmer , the same individual whose ceremonial slate palette was found by james e. quibell in upper egypt .
george leighton parkinson designs also utilised incised patterns , often in conjunction with painted scenes .
decoration consists of circumferential motifs : lines , bands , zig - zags or wavy lines , incised , stabbed or impressed with a comb .
sometimes an incised meander is cut off , similar to an oxbow lake .
perforated stones and plummets ( oblong stones with a groove incised around one end ) of limestone are though to have been used as fishing net weights .
lip bearing a large lobe that is deeply incised medially along its posterior edge and black along the distal margins of the dorsal , caudal , anal and pelvic fins .
these early products bore an incised triangle mark .
other decorations include incised lines and holes down the front of the bowl and protruding spikes .
decorated surfaces depending almost entirely upon the incised line also obtain all over the world , and may no doubt be accounted for by the extensive use of stone cutting tools .
this stone , formerly in the floor of the medieval church , has a crudely incised figure of a priest holding a chalice .
the meritorious service medal is a bronze medal , 1.5 inches in diameter overall , consisting of six rays issuant from the upper three points of a five - pointed star with beveled edges and containing two smaller stars defined by incised outlines ; in front of the lower part of the star an eagle with wings upraised standing upon two upward curving branches of laurel tied with a ribbon between the feet of the eagle .
above the legend , the stone has a boar crest surrounded by triple incised circles and shallow cross carving which is also encircle .
these are the earliest english miniatures to have gold leaf backgrounds incised with patterns of lines and dots .
the menhir - shaped stone depicts a roughly incised figure of a horseman , who an enormous head , riding down five severed heads .
his signature incised in gilt - bronze kept his name alive in the nineteenth century and gained him an entry in " encyclopaedia britannica " 1911 , though the extreme rococo style of which he was a consummate master laid his work open to disapproving commentary .
it has a very simple stub of a tail fin , no fins incised , and 3 lines each for forward , and rear pectoral fins .
the kensington stone critic erik wahlgren had noticed that the carver had incised a notch on the upper right hand corner of the letter v. the massey twins note that a mark in that position is consistent with an abbreviation technique used in the 14th century .
the dogon style has evolved into a kind of cubism : ovoid head , squared shoulders , tapered extremities , pointed breasts , forearms , and thighs on a parallel plane , hairdos stylized by three or four incised lines .
the musculature is clear yet not incised and looks soft enough to be visible yet realistic .
the blades may be simple ( undivided ) , pinnatifid ( deeply incised , but not truly compound ) , pinnate ( compound with the leaflets arranged along a rachis to resemble a feather ) .
apennine culture pottery is a black , burnished ware incised and decorated with spirals , meanders , dots and bands of dots .
the site is made up of an array of deeply incised rock carvings that cover up to a height of 9 feet , a perpendicular rock face that is over 100 feet long and 75 feet high .
the pottery produced by this company was known as dickota , usually scratched or incised on the bottom of the pottery pieces .
' berardii ' made a small tree or shrub , with minute , glabrous leaves 12 mm - 18 mm long , deeply incised by relatively few teeth .
" tongkonan " are the traditional torajan ancestral houses . they stand high on wooden piles , topped with a layered split - bamboo roof shaped in a sweeping curved arc , and they are incised with red , black , and yellow detailed wood carvings on the exterior walls .
generally , the salivary duct opening needs to be either dilated or incised prior to introduction of the endoscope .
the bases of the bracts are broadly cuneate in shape and fused together with margins sharply but irregularly serrated and incised with acuminate tips , surfaces puberulous , more so underneath ; segments 3 , lanceolate to oblanceolate ; lateral segments unlobed or 1×-lobed ; ultimate lobes ( 8-)10 - 15(-20 ) mm long .
the central strip of the top layer of each field emblem is incised in order to allow the ship 's crew , to whom the jelly is served , to pull it away .
in the middle there is the underground burial chamber with four small side chambers not connected by doorways , but there were doors incised on the walls acting as symbolically chambers .
the bowland area of the pennines is dominated by a central upland landform of deeply incised gritstone fells .
it is undated and depicts three incised figures and some hieroglyphs .
the shell can sometimes be smooth except for growth lines , but in other individuals it can have a sculpture of incised spiral grooves and even weak axial ribs which , together with the colored patches of the shell , create an effect that is somewhat reminiscent of the patterns of a scottish plaid .
some bronzes of the period were incised in a rough , casual manner , with graph structures often differing somewhat from typical ones .
the lagerstätte occurs within a paleovalley that was incised into the surrounding carboniferous cyclothemic sequence during a time of low sea level , and was then filled in during a subsequent transgression .
when the area was uplifted , the river 's bends were preserved as incised meanders .
the original cross , kept at the museum of canterbury , is a bronze cruciform brooch , with triangular panels of silver , incised with a triquetra and inlaid with niello .
lastly it orders the decree to be incised in stone or bronze in both hieroglyphs and greek , and to be publicly displayed in the temples .
the siphonal canal is not deeply incised .
the satellite crater anuchin l lies astride the southern rim , but the otherwise the outer wall is not significantly incised .
delicate contours were incised into the paint before firing , and details could be reinforced and highlighted with opaque colors , usually white and red .
the swastika ( in either orientation ) appears on the chest of some statues of gautama buddha and is often incised on the soles of the feet of the buddha in statuary .
the last type , the n - channels ( nye , 1973 ) , are incised into bedrock , perhaps suggesting long - term channel stability under some alpine glaciers .
decoration is prolific and includes painted designs ( red on a cream colored slip ) , grooves infilled with white paste and incised patterns , including anthropomorphic designs .
the cliffs of the niagara escarpment , the rolling terrain of the vinemount moraine and the deeply incised gorge of the forty mile creek are the most prominent topographic features of the area .
on a high boulder close to an ancient cave is incised the representation of a dagoba similar to the stupas at sanchi .
they are very often pinnately incised and do not have stipules .
once the peritoneal cavity is opened , the uterus is incised , and the lesion(s ) removed .
the leaves are narrow , 3.5–8 cm long and 1.3–6.6 cm broad , deeply incised with between five and ten pairs of triangular teeth .
commonly the figurines are small , measuring and constructed by the coil and pinch methods with carved or incised decorations , a forming method that is sculptural .
shuttered windows are built into walls incised with profuse painted floral carvings .
one of the tiles was found to be incised with all the characters of the etruscan alphabet .
based on common stylistic similarities , such as the fishtail draperies , the large hands , and the two incised lines on the chest indicating an undergarment ( a southern chinese convention ) with the yŏn'ga buddha , most scholars believe that it is originally from goguryeo .
pottery found at the town typically has a characteristic black burnished exterior and reddish interior with either incised or raised designs .
soulcatchers were constructed of a tube of bear femur , incised on one or both sides , and often ornamented with abalone shell .
the tunnel valleys are incised into the bedrock and can be traced for 2 - 30 kilometers in length .
the last whorl is very large , completely detached from the spire by the deeply incised sutural slit .
exterior surface of the gate had coloured tiles and the inner rooms were covered with incised plaster work .
the pottery of this period in the upper levels is for the most part red ware and is frequently decorated with incised motifs .
two square holes are incised into the top which are believed to have accommodated an image of the buddha .
it is situated near helmsley , north yorkshire , england and stands in a commanding location above deeply incised meanders of the river rye .
there are also stretches where the river and its tributaries have incised themselves into tight gorges .
two - dimensional representations of the were - jaguar were incised onto greenstone celts , painted on pottery , and even carved onto four multi - tonne monoliths at teopantecuanitlan ( ) .
it is evident that all the letters were first painted before being incised , which was the method regularly employed in the period of brahmi inscription .
the decoration used falls into three categories , those with spirals , those with concentric circles and those with patterns of straight incised lines and hatchings .
morton 's final resting place is marked with a small sandstone post incised only with the initials " j.e.m. " for james earl of morton .
the pottery , markedly discontinuous with lerna iii , shows a range of new forms , and the first signs— regular spiral grooves in bases and parallel incised lines— marking the increasing use of the potter 's wheel .
most of the major images have been painted onto the walls using mineral pigments , although some designs have also been incised into the stone .
the simple , or " amol " sgraffito pottery is decorated with incised lines , right down to the body through the thin slip which covers it , then coated with transparent yellow or green glaze .
a second diagnostic of exekias is that he fills the silhouettes of his figures with a large amount carefully incised lines paying intensive attention to details , especially in the clothes and armor of the characters .
from its source , the river descends through indigenous forest in a deeply - incised channel , flanked by
haberlandt noticed that the glyphs of this text appear to have been incised with a sharpened bone , as evidenced by the shallowness and width of the grooves .
some of the large square catch plates were decorated with complex incised geometric or figural designs .
by the nature of the craft , the orchestration between ever - adjusting foot speeds and maintaining the appropriate pressure of the chisel , each turning is unique and each will have subtle nuances of wall thickness , proportions and ornamentation ( beaded and incised turnings ) .
the reason being that when lines are incised , they may as easily be crossed , as not .
overall , the structure is clapboarded with incised corner pilasters and base boarding .
interspersed among the representations of ballplayers are a small number of bas - reliefs depicting priests making offerings , these stones are incised with calendrical dates and may represent specific rituals related to the ballgame .
a petrosomatoglyph is an image of parts of a human or animal body incised in rock .
cwm haffes is a trench which has been incised into the glacial till left by the glaciers of the last ice age along the geological boundary between the old red sandstone rocks to the north and the carboniferous limestone rocks to the south .
the resultant surface had two main planes and details that were usually incised .
some tribes incised their pottery with decorations before firing .
an incised structure is one with a deep " v " shaped notch , often used to refer to the outline of a leaf , or the membranes on a fish 's fin .
here the river has incised into the margins of the old red sandstone plateau to form a gorge with substantial river cliffs .
of the coffin lids , 12 were carved in high relief , while the other 18 had simpler incised patterns .
those incised valley systems were also interpreted as fluvial in origin .
the principal space for civic reflection is the hall of inscriptions , a doric pilastered corridor featuring eight monumental marble tablets incised with quotations about the distinct nature of vermont 's culture and heritage .
monongahela cordmarked , plain , and incised pottery is found to be tempered with crushed shell .
thus , incised lines are quite common , as is the additional application of red paint ( " added red " ) to cover large areas .
the region is incised by canyons that drain south and west to mcelmo creek ; the creek falls from about 5800 in the east to about 4800 feet at the utah border .
the first story is articulated with deeply incised horizontal striations while the marble on the upper stories is cut in smooth ashlar blocks .
writing carved into stone tablets or columns is often referred to as " incised " .
a frieze of lions devouring ibexes and deer , incised with great artistic skill , runs round the neck , while the eagle crest of lagash adorns the globular part .
woodblock printing on textiles is the process of printing patterns on textiles , usually of linen , cotton or silk , by means of incised wooden blocks .
the inner walls are irregular , with incised bases in some locations .
in one example , in mauritania , in the western sahara , late ordovician siliciclastic glacial features and deposits on the north gondwana continental shelf include incised channels identified as tunnel valleys .
the second phase consists of applying a layer of raw clay inside the mould , which can be incised beforehand in order to obtain effects of relief .
atop this foundation is a circular stone incised with louts motifs .
this site 's crowning work is a twelve - story platform , with stones incised with military themes .
hand made pottery showed a greater variety in form , and was sometimes decorated with incised linear motifs .
adamantios sampson notes that the " vase bear[s ] incised unidentifiable symbols .
upon noticing the stylistic mismatch between these two very different letters , the scribes redesigned the small carolingian letter , lengthening ascenders and descenders , and adding incised serifs and finishing strokes to integrate them with the roman capitals .
incised in archeology and the plastic arts refers to cutting into the surface of a medium , for example stone or wood .
the stucco is incised to resemble cut block .
the broad valley is incised into a gently sloping and much dissected plateau of glacial till which is more graphically described by the older term , boulder clay .
the deschutes river valley ecoregion , named for the deschutes river , which it partially contains , is a broad valley with deeply incised streams .
the cirque de navacelles is large erosional landform , an incised meander , located towards the southern edge of the massif central mountain range in france .
two simple cross - incised slabs , likely grave - markers , were also found in the graveyard , and are probably pictish or early medieval in date ( displayed on site ) .
further downstream it develops an incised meander - core which includes the narsobawadi area .
there is some incised decoration , but a large part of the surface was normally left plain .
on the stone plinth of the north transept 's exterior north wall a number of incised symbols can be seen which are mason 's marks .
the origins of the dundas valley , the main feature of the area , date back to the pre - glacial times , when the niagara escarpment was deeply incised by erosion .
inscription in the caves at pitalkhova incised during this period , go to show that the region had contract with paithan , the capital of the satavahana dynasty .
his unusual signature is incised into the wet paint with the opposite end of the brush , almost invariably on the bottom left hand of his oil paintings ( and on the bottom right for watercolors ) .
the shell is of moderate size , very solid , globose - oval , and smooth except for weak shallowly incised spiral lines .
based on these fossils and the stratigraphy of the formation , the cerrejón formation was likely formed on a coastal plain covered in a wet tropical rainforest and incised by a large river system .
there have been several archaeological finds at dùn beic ; these include pieces of flint , burnt bone , and fragments of incised pottery .
new styles emerge at this time : an incised style , the tactile barbotine ware , studded with knobs and cones of applied clay in bands , waves and ridges , sometimes reminiscent of sand - dollar tests and barnacle growth ( ) , and the earliest stages of kamares ware .
