in 1809 , cuoco also drafted a " progetto per l'ordinamento della pubblica istruzione nel regno di napoli " ( " project for the ordainment of the public education in the kingdom of naples " ) , in which he expoused his view of public education an indispensable tool towards the formation of a common national awareness in the people .
the artistic shapes and endurance of these trees won appreciation from nearby residents , which transform into an indispensable part of the collective memories of the community .
the term refers exclusively to human skills possessed by individuals or groups and which are indispensable to produce cultural properties .
soon he started visiting swami vivekananda , whose social thought , and especially his vision of a politically independent india - indispensable for the spiritual progress of humanity - had a great influence on jatin .
the maison redfern was the first fashion house to offer women a tailored suit based directly on its male counterpart and the extremely practical and soberly elegant garment soon became an indispensable part of the wardrobe of any well - dressed woman .
as a newcomer , the archbishop thought it indispensable to meet his episcopal colleagues and the clergy , who had first - hand experience of the country .
stalin felt that socioeconomic transformation was indispensable to establish soviet control , reflecting the marxist - leninist view that material bases — the distribution of the means of production — shaped social and political relations .
the bridge builders of the grande armée , the " pontonniers " , were an indispensable part of napoleon 's military machine .
" go - set " had become the indispensable chronicle of the local scene , it was described by jim keays , lead singer of the masters apprentices , as the australian music bible .
while stringband 's original albums are all out - of - print , " the indispensable stringband " , a box set of 46 of their recordings was released on nick in 2002 .
such a composition must necessarily be brief , and the restraints attendant upon its publication concurred with the simplicity of greek taste in prescribing conciseness of expression , pregnancy of meaning , purity of diction and singleness of thought , as the indispensable conditions of excellence in the epigrammatic style .
, then the court uses the criteria in subsection ( b ) to determine if the absent party is " indispensable " .
the first duty of the significian is , therefore , to deprecate the demand for mere linguistic reform , which is indispensable on its own proper ground , but can not be considered as the satisfaction of a radical need such as that now suggested .
indispensable services to the crown .
in curry 's words , " there must be no doubt in the minds of out gallant women fliers that they are needed and , in my opinion , indispensable to the full success of the civil air patrol organization .
supporters and opponents of chinese immigration affirm that chinese labor was indispensable to the economic prosperity of the west .
he has scored two international goals , both of which proved indispensable ; a penalty equalizer in a 2 - 1 victory away to malta on 30 april 1997 and , most famously , a stunning free kick equalizer deep in injury time in a 2 - 2 draw against slovenia on 3 september 2000 .
hfma 's vision is : " to be the indispensable resource for healthcare finance . ”
" detroit free press " music critic mark stryker concludes that the work of billy strayhorn and ellington in " anatomy of a murder " is " indispensable , [ although ] ... too sketchy to rank in the top echelon among ellington - strayhorn masterpiece suites like " such sweet thunder " and " the far east suite " , but its most inspired moments are their equal . "
the conventional historical view has been that the railroads were indispensable to the development of a national market in the united states in the late 19th century .
" the tin quotations from london are watched in la paz with close interest as an index of the country 's prosperity ; a third of the national revenue and more than half of the total customs in 1925 were derived from tin ; in short , that humble but indispensable metal is the hub around which bolivia 's economic life revolves .
" in this new strategy , the american connections , the inzerillos , are indispensable . "
davis concluded the review by describing the set as " not an indispensable addition to the " d&d " stable , but an interesting and well - thought - out one .
monarchists argue that an impartial , symbolic head of state is a step removed from political , commercial , and factional interests , allowing them to be a non - partisan figure who can act as an effective intermediary between various levels of government and political parties , an especially indispensable feature in a federal system .
the italian wars saw artillery — particularly field artillery — become an indispensable part of any first - rate army .
the high artistic skill of david gareja frescoes made them an indispensable part of world treasure .
his subtle fragrance eau de cologne became rapidly famous worldwide and in the 17th century this perfume was an indispensable accessory at all royal courts .
their exchange of letters is considered by scholars of religion and theology to be indispensable in the study of the modern encounter of jews with christianity .
barnard and his party were finally rescued by the british whalers " asp " and " indispensable " in november 1814 .
although an icra is entitled to charge a small fee to cover their costs , most provide this indispensable service without charge .
the most popular dish from assam , the " tenga " , is an indispensable part of a proper meal in assam .
indeed , lebanon had prided itself on its democratic environment which sought to maintain a semblance of equity within its diverse population , and claims were made that within the country ' democracy and freedom are indispensable ingredient for a stable political system ' .
they became indispensable in the years immediately prior to wwii , and ge was the world leader in exhaust - driven supercharging when the war started .
laozi ( ca . 600 - 517 bc ) , the classical chinese philosopher , described tea as “ the froth of the liquid jade ” and named it an indispensable ingredient to the elixir of life .
an indispensable source of subsistence for the small colony — as well as for the numerous english and american sealers operating on the islands — was the wild cattle introduced by the french in 1764 , with more cattle brought later from montevideo by the spaniards .
such steel - toe wellingtons are nearly indispensable in an enormous range of industry and are often mandatory wear to meet local occupational health and safety legislation or insurance requirements .
because of their design many of these maps can not be completed by normal player skills ; rather trickjumping skills are indispensable .
he had grown into an indispensable team core member , playing an offensive midfield position with other stars that included yussif chibsah and edmund owusu ansah .
trained at the juilliard school , jerald began her career with small guest roles , and appeared in " do the right thing " in 1989 , " the paper chase " from 1984 to 1986 and " general hospital " in 1986 , before she became recognized world over playing the title character 's indispensable , unflappable personal assistant beverly barnes on " the larry sanders show " .
göcek coves and the 12 islands , which are described as a hidden paradise , with clean mediterranean water , green pine forests , and beaches , have rendered göcek an indispensable destination for seafarers .
and talal maddah not only local artists , art is , since it began forty years ago , and it is to sing for the arabs and all the arabic dialects , it was indispensable balemenip and sudan and tunisia and morocco and egypt and was a brilliant star with the stars is on the throne of the arab singing arabic song nada item , highlighting the art of the arabian peninsula and the syrian and lebanese .
as well , von siebold 's assistant and later successor , heinrich bürger ( 1806 - 1858 ) , proved to be indispensable in carrying on von siebold 's work in japan .
but the most popular saint is saint john , he is celebrated in many cities and towns throughout the country on the night of the 23rd-24th , especially in porto and braga , where the sardines , " caldo verde " ( traditional soup ) and plastic hammers to hammer in another person 's head for luck are indispensable .
writing in " the nation " magazine , john palattella described " hambone " as " an indispensable little magazine that for more than a quarter - century has featured work by everyone from sun ra to susan howe . "
these unhappy times call for the building of plans that rest upon the forgotten , the unorganized but the indispensable units of economic power ... that build from the bottom up and not from the top down , that put their faith once more in the forgotten man at the bottom of the economic pyramid . ”
he was useful to magee , magee was indispensable to him .... molasses and vinegar , diplomacy and force , mind and will , they were well mated . "
according to adler , six indispensable conditions must be met in the effort to develop a sound moral philosophy that corrects all the errors made in modern times .
" where there is no doctor is an indispensable resource ...
in particular , the trinity is of indispensable and insuperable value to a christian philosophy .
this edition incorporates an excellent short introduction by michael hunter , whose " john aubrey and the realm of learning " ( london : duckworth , 1975 ) is indispensable .
at on november 30 , tanaka 's ships sighted savo island from indispensable strait .
in school , he came under the guidance of the musical director claude brown , whose teaching he regarded as " an indispensable foundation to my subsequent musical career " .
on january 5 , 2009 , foreign policy re - launched its website with an ambitious goal : become “ a daily web magazine that is a must - read for anyone who cares about international affairs , [ … ] indispensable , insightful and as diverse as the subjects it covers , [ … ] serious but never stuffy . ”
these so - called rasgueados are an indispensable element of style of the flamenco guitar .
nonetheless , his na buirgéisi , written in irish and latin , is one of the most widely cited and indispensable texts on the burgesses and boroughs in late medieval ireland .
it was indispensable to most public conveniences in those days , that they should be public nuisances likewise ; and fleet market maintained the principle to admiration . "
among the several indispensable works on the history of chiapas , he has published " fray pedro lorenzo de la nada " and " the battle of the sumidero " .
the university " aims to produce graduates who will be indispensable [ to iraq ] ... as well as socially responsible entrepreneurs .
" inventio " is the central , indispensable canon of rhetoric , and traditionally means a systematic search for arguments ( glenn and goldthwaite 151 ) .
his chief aim during his exile , especially after his father 's death , was a reconciliation between the two branches of the house of bourbon , as indispensable to the re - establishment of the french monarchy in any form .
crises in france , including a rebellion of the huguenots , rendered richelieu a nearly indispensable advisor to the king .
thus , communicative action is an indispensable facet of society .
the close cooperation between science and economy is an indispensable prerequisite for success .
ciotloş reproached " crime la elsinore " for lack of subtlety , in the presence of a " not exactly indispensable " glossary of terms which was published with the book .
, he argued , were indispensable , since the movement they fought worked by means of marginalization , silencing , and oppression .
the aim of the mechanical engineering department 's curriculum is to provide the students with basic knowledge in mechanics indispensable for their future jobs as engineers and this within a multidisciplinary aerospace training framework .
he at first held rationalistic views , but partly through the influence of his brother jean - marie and partly as a result of his philosophical and historical studies , he felt faith to be indispensable to action and saw religion as the most powerful leaven of the community .
he hoped to be indispensable , so he worked very hard and did multiple things : filming , writing and post - production of the film .
as the italian capital starts growing in the country , the needs to communicate with italy became indispensable .
excellent books on the subject of bamboo rods and makers are a. j. campbell 's " classic and antique flyfishing tackle " and ernest schwiebert 's indispensable multiple volume treatise " trout " .
ottoman government deliberately pursued a policy for the development of bursa , edirne ( adrianople ) and constantinople , successive ottoman capitals , into major commercial and industrial centres , considering that merchants and artisans were indispensable in creating a new metropolis .
this contact continued after the death of her husband , as her knowledge of kuwait and the feuds and rivalries among the kingdom 's 600-strong royal family made her an indispensable resource for british ambassadors and visiting diplomats .
an extremely versatile platform , she is an indispensable member of the " nr-1 " deep submergence team .
the determination of whether a party is indispensable is made by the court following the guidelines set forth in rule 19 of the federal rules of civil procedure .
china miéville praised the book as an " indispensable " guide to the " pre - history and modern reality of the so - called ' pro - war left ' " .
it was generally recognized that the first road would be the prime venue for the french to reach brussels , and the second one was indispensable for maintaining communications between the two allied armies .
citing from the " führerprotokoll " ( the minutes of hitler 's meetings ) dated may 13 , 1944 in his memoirs , speer later relayed what hitler had finally conceded : " in the matter concerning b. i will guarantee you that he will be exempt from persecution as long as he is indispensable for you , in spite of the difficult general consequences this will have . "
it has , furthermore , implemented many structural and institutional reforms that are indispensable for the efficient functioning of a market economy .
he was an indispensable part of the 1999 championship winning team as well as of the 2000 champions league team .
he was bought by bill nicholson for tottenham hotspur in 1958 and quickly became an indispensable part of the development of that team , figuring in the double - winning side as an attacking midfielder ( scoring 15 goals in 29 games ) and going on to feature in the 1962 fa cup winning side as well as the famous 1963 cup winners ' cup final against atlético madrid in rotterdam in which spurs won 5 - 1 .
he was formerly a forward , but has proved to be an indispensable defensive stalwart for an iranian side considered top - heavy in attacking players .
clark 's balanced , mistake - free performance throughout the first half of the season earned him the # 6 spot on the " sporting news list of the season 's " most indispensable players . "
the gradual assertion of the international criminal court 's authority will be the test case for the " separation of powers " , which is the indispensable requirement of the rule of law , whether at the national or international level .
however , the revelation of his technical and computer hacking abilities having been greatly enhanced by his new form eventually made him an indispensable member of the team in their mission to discover the reasons behind their lost memories and megatron 's takeover of a virtually abandoned cybertron .
these effects , which can only be achieved by a campaign of unrestricted submarine warfare are , in my view , an indispensable prerequisite for success .
logical positivism ( also called logical empiricism and neo - positivism ) is a school of philosophy that combines empiricism – the idea that observational evidence is indispensable for knowledge of the world – with a version of rationalism incorporating mathematical and logico - linguistic constructs and deductions in epistemology .
wet etch processes are generally isotropic in nature , which is often indispensable for microelectromechanical systems , where suspended structures must be " released " from the underlying layer .
his commentary on tanakh — especially his commentary on the chumash ( " five books of moses " ) — is an indispensable aid to students of all levels .
the first color of the indispensable arabic song
for them , baptism is not seen as a " work , " but rather the indispensable means that jesus himself provided to come into his kingdom , as opposed to a " sinner 's prayer " or mere belief alone — which is the belief held by most evangelicals and even most other pentecostals .
he stated that , " for a novel naturalism was in fact a brilliant , indispensable and perhaps the only step forward . "
excellent thermal stability at temperature extremes , water repellency , chemical stability and resistance to petroleum products have made kevlar® km2® an indispensable asset to the military personnel who use it every day . "
quiroga was an indispensable road from tarazco ’s capital “ tzintzuntzan ” to the ceremonial center “
highly regarded and frequently used by performers of mozart 's music and musical scholars , the " neue mozart - ausgabe " is an indispensable reference for anyone seriously interested in the output of this composer .
during the 1960s the company became a near indispensable part of many professional planning teams in the period of british planning covering the construction of the second wave of new towns .
fashion continued to emphasize the waist and , so long as it did , the corset continued to be regarded as an indispensable of dress .
in a fluidized bed a characteristic set of basic properties can be utilised , indispensable to modern process
as the second assault unit approached guadalcanal through indispensable strait , it was attacked by five caf sbd dauntless ( sbd ) dive bombers .
the female ethnographers on the other hand said that the women were economically indispensable for subsistence , important in rituals , and were treated with respect by men .
indispensable to the motorist is the ' overall , ' this should be made of butcher blue linen in the same shape as an artist 's overall .
mann owed his drawing skills to rodolphe julien who regarded the study of the live model as indispensable to those who desired skilled draughtsmanship .
an indispensable part of the laïká culture is the " písta - πίστα " ( pl . :
the issue of proportionality and relativeness is thus an indispensable part of justice .
after amphibious training , " eastland " sailed from leyte 21 march for kerama retto , the islands which proved the indispensable stepping stone and logistic base for invading and holding nearby okinawa .
the " turei zahav " ( טורי זהב - " rows of gold " ) , an indispensable commentary on " shulchan aruch " ( " orach chayim " ) , was published by shabbethai bass in dyhernfurth in 1692 , together with the " magen abraham " by abraham abele gumbiner .
after the first year , according to hugh downs , dane came to feel that as the lead actor he was indispensable to the show .
the new chancellor , leo von caprivi , was ignorant of foreign affairs ; and holstein , as a repository of the bismarckian tradition , became indispensable .
this force was bastogne ’s indispensable backbone of steel .
visiting cards became an indispensable tool of etiquette , with sophisticated rules governing their use .
coffee amongst beverages and curd amongst food items form an indispensable part of the iyer food menu .
in spite of this marginal position , they work and talk and amuse themselves largely within the household in which they reside , and their presence is indispensable to its daily routine .
ernest ka'ai ( 1881 - 1961 ) was an ukulele virtuoso responsible for making the ukulele an indispensable instrument in the typical hawaiian ensemble .
" non - reductive physicalists " argue that although the brain is all there " is " to the mind , the predicates and vocabulary used in mental descriptions and explanations are indispensable , and can not be reduced to the language and lower - level explanations of physical science .
i do not refuse rhetoric , although i believe it is not indispensable for the orator .
johnson also mentions that one of the seven recovered pages might also be indispensable to a foreign agent .
iaea director - general mohamed el - baradei said in the report , " iran 's full transparency is indispensable and overdue . "
steven pinker 's " the stuff of thought : language as a window to human nature " credits the " wordsmiths who thought up the indispensable pissing contest " and other crass phrases such as crock of shit , pussy - whipped , and horse 's ass .
a česnica ( cyrillic : чесница , ) is the ceremonial , round loaf of bread that is an indispensable part of christmas dinner in serbian tradition .
another indispensable part of many signs is facial expression .
identifying an indispensable party .
are landscapes which have evolved together with the people who inhabit them and with the geocultural features of a region , and which are indispensable to understand the lifestyle of the japanese .
journalist nat hentoff called his " story of american freedom " " an indispensable book that should be read in every school in the land . "
as cyril connolly summarised of the first ( 1973 ) edition : " i 'm very much afraid he will prove indispensable ! "
he goes over the role of competition in judo , and the purpose of free practice , randori , and explains that it is an indispensable part of judo .
the tamil identity , high social status and intimate knowledge of diplomacy and local social and political networks made the nattars indispensable to the company as its administrative role expanded .
" critic , author and filmmaker richard schickel called the book " indispensable and marvelously readable " and " one of the best accounts of the making of an individual movie we 've ever had . "
education is seen both as a human right and as " an indispensable means of realizing other human rights " , and so this is one of the longest and most important articles of the covenant .
the advent of steamships rendered them even less indispensable as a maritime stopover .
the jewish leadership accepted the partition plan as " the indispensable minimum , " glad as they were with the international recognition but sorry that they did not receive more .
linnaeus was a professor at the university of uppsala and an eminent botanist ; however , one of his colleagues , peter artedi , earned the title " father of ichthyology " through his indispensable advancements .
by 1907 , when its civilian administration teetered on the brink of insolvency , the volunteer army had become indispensable to british defence planning , as well as an enabler of the regular army 's drawing its own troops away from home defence stations .
however , in the circumstances of the ongoing war with spain , the captain - general was indispensable .
uniform liturgy is requisite only in so far as it is indispensable to uphold proper doctrine and the administration of the sacraments ; whereas in general the rightful appointment of the external functions of church officers and their sphere in the congregations is committed to the church
no one is indispensable , " he said .
the bharatakosa by m.r. kavi and the history of sanskrit literature by m. krishnamachariar published from this institute have become indispensable basic tools of research in sanskrit literate ' and literacy criticism .
the album is considered to be an indispensable document of the holocaust ; it is in the archives of the united states holocaust memorial museum ( ushmm ) in washington , d.c.
he won seven championships and was considered indispensable both in the sl benfica squad and portugal national football team .
the feathers of wild birds play an indispensable role in controlling pests .
salicylic acid itself , although indispensable for expression of sar , is not the translocated signal responsible for the systemic response .
for the man of 2008 who can see that the devil is in the detail , this book is indispensable " leading men 's fashion blog the luxist proclaimed it " a must - have for any man who takes sartorial matters seriously . "
the nearest literary analogy i can think of is dineen 's irish dictionary " , jeff brownrigg of australia 's national film and sound archive wrote that the book is " an indispensable tool for the researcher . " and that it " provides a valuable source of information about a large group of international narrative feature films gathered together under the head of their general association with ireland . "
he rewrote " kirkes ' physiology " completely in 1896 so that it subsequently , through its numerous editions , became known as " halliburton 's physiology " and an indispensable reference work for legions of medical students .
this is for them an indispensable condition for spiritual progress .
but each man eventually returns to his intent pose , crouching protectively , even lovingly , over the indispensable instrument of his reverie . ”
the deutsche reichsbahn was seen as an indispensable partner of national socialism , both for the transportation of vehicles , troops and supplies as well as the deportation of jews to the nazi concentration camps .
he believed such cooperation would be " an indispensable factor " in the development of agriculture and of forestry in cambodia .
since the beginning of chaos theory when edward lorenz accidentally discovered a strange attractor with his computer , computers have become an indispensable source of information .
both of these elements are indispensable in cases of felonies .
led by its energetic founder dr. abd al - karim naik , its publications in urdu on konkani history and culture are the primary source of information indispensable for any understanding of the konkani muslim community today .
there is also the armenian " centre sociale " for community gatherings was established in the early 1980 ’s and has played an indispensable role in organizing public life for the armenians .
nonetheless , these formulations continue to be the starting point for most research in the region , and his observations of so much that has subsequently been lost from the archaeological record have become indispensable .
the exportation of coffee from the port of santos gave rise to the city and mostly accounted for the wealth of the city at the turn of the 19th to the 20th century . exportation and importation through its port have made it the modern city one finds today and turned it into the indispensable outlet for the production of the powerhouse that is são paulo state . adorning the landscape of the port city are the canals that are over a hundred years old .
article 12 , one of few enforceable social rights in the constitution , provides for a right to obtain the means indispensable for leading a simple , dignified life .
it provides an indispensable language acquisition support system and makes instruction possible in the first place .
for the rest of houdini 's performing career , bess would work as his co - performer and stage assistant , and she was indispensable to houdini 's success .
whether it be in averting the wrath of censors , helping an intrepid author out of the bastille , securing an audience or a pension , or jockeying for a place in the french academy , membership in high society and the support of female protectors was indispensable .
it is rather the indispensable condition for the quest for human completion . "
beginning to think he was indispensable at radio 1 , the first big falling - out with management came in december 1995 after taking his crew out on a 17 hour pub - crawl which ended two hours before they were due on air : evans was fined one day 's pay , £ 7,000 .
as a daughter of god who has made covenants with him , each of you carries the vital and indispensable female half of the responsibility for fulfilling the lord ’s plan .
robert mugabe gave zanla the means to consolidate its efforts by providing zanla with an indispensable factor - unity . "
however , within a short time he had made himself indispensable , not only building sets , hanging lights and moving cameras , but also directing cooking and children ’s shows .
he contended that the refinement and development of yiddish were indispensable for the humanization and education of jews .
the indispensable conditions to produce fine liquor are optimal humidity and temperature , microorganisms for fermentation , and spring water rich in maifanite ( 麥飯石 ) granite .
popular culture has also created an image of duct tape as an indispensable part of a criminal 's inventory , due to the numerous movies depicting its use as a means to tie up and gag a victim .
under successive talented artistic directors , mehmet ergen ( now artistic director of the arcola theatre ) , erica whyman ( now artistic director of the northern stage company ) , thea sharrock ( recently directed " equus " in the west end ) and gareth machin ( now studio associate at the national theatre ) , it has become an indispensable part of small - scale fringe theatre in london .
this resulted in peruvian independence , which o'higgins considered indispensable to both chile 's independence and security .
further knockout studies with gpx1 , gpx2 , or gpx3 deficient mice showed that cytosolic gpx4 is so far the only glutathione peroxidase that is indispensable for embryonic development and cell survival .
in the 19th century and first half of the 20th century , a hat was an indispensable item in every man ’s wardrobe .
the chypre concept is characterized by the contrast between the fresh citrus accord and the woody - oakmoss fond , often patchouli is considered an indispensable element as well , and with the allergenicity issues of oak moss , patchouli oil levels increased .
but , says black , hitler had indispensable help that virtually shaped the size and scope of the holocaust itself .
throughout this mission camara was indispensable to his commanders , supplying ample meat from his hunts and maintaining the trust of the local people .
vishwanath also made significant contributions on the social front with films like " saptapadi " ( ' the seven steps ' , signifying the sanctity of the hindu marriage system ) , " swathi muthyam " ( ' pure pearl ' ) , " swayam krushi " ( " attitude towards work " — conveying the message that dilligence and dedication is indispensable in achieving success ) , " subhodayam " ( ' good morning ' ) , " subhalekha " ( ' wedding invitation ' — a critique of the dowry system ) , " aapadhbhaandhavudu " ( ' savior ' ) , and " subha sankalpam " ( ' good will ' ) .
one retrospective writer called bannon 's books " titillating trash , but indispensable reading to the nation 's lesbians . "
yavneh 's chessed programming is an indispensable part of the experience at columbia .
selection bias problems are endemic to applied econometric problems , which make heckman ’s original technique , and subsequent refinements by both himself and others , indispensable to applied econometricians .
mathematics is indispensable to the understanding of structural concepts and calculations .
haloperidol was considered indispensable for treating psychiatric emergency situations , although the newer atypical drugs have gained greater role in a number of situations as outlined in a series of consensus reviews published between 2001 and 2005 .
indispensable strait is a waterway in the solomon islands , running about 200 km northwest - southeast from santa isabel to makira ( san cristóbal ) , between the florida islands and guadalcanal to the southwest , and malaita to the northeast .
the united states insisted that such prohibition was indispensable on the grounds that pelagic sealing involved the destruction of breeding stock , because it was practically impossible to distinguish between the male and female seal when in the water ; and that it was unnecessarily wasteful , inasmuch as a large proportion of the seals so killed were lost .
although composed at a time when the order was persecuted in spanish colonies , and often with great rigor , the tone of this most valuable work , indispensable for the study of the colonial history of mexico and of many of its indian tribes , is , according to the " catholic encyclopedia " " dignified and free from attacks upon spain and the spaniards . " .
he played an indispensable role in turbulent times as our administration undertook a broad range of initiatives at home and abroad . "
as an indispensable part of the cosmos , deep time is an accepted fact , not an hypothesis .
notwithstanding the indispensable restoration of the general structure , the architect and former director of the institution julio neves determined the substitution of the original floor conceived by lina bo , the installation of a second elevator , the construction of a third underground floor , and the substitution of the water mirrors for gardens .
bramble joined newcastle in july 2002 for £ 6 million , vowing at the time to make himself indispensable to then manager sir bobby robson .
as a result of assimilating all the indispensable knowledge in this area , such as physics , the fundamentals of sound and the technology necessary to manipulate it , the students will be able to create a design accordingly to the highest expectations of any artist and of the industry at large .
he would later describe cuba and puerto rico as " natural appendages to the north american continent " – the former 's annexation was " indispensable to the continuance and integrity of the union itself . "
titles include " the 21 irrefutable laws of leadership " and " the 21 indispensable qualities of a leader : becoming the person others will want to follow " .
writer - director larry cohen continued to twist genre conventions in pictures such as " q " ( aka " q : the winged serpent " ; 1982 ) : " the kind of movie that used to be indispensable to the market : an imaginative , popular , low - budget picture that makes the most of its limited resources , and in which people get on with the job instead of standing around talking about it . "
the tbs website is an indispensable portal for blues fans , with an online edition of the newsletter and links to hundreds of other canadian blues artists and resources .
because large organizations preferred this type of personality , it became indispensable to the institutions that thrived with the growth of industry in america .
the bulfinch myths are an indispensable guide to the cultural values of the american 19th century , yet the bulfinch version is still the version being taught in many american public schools .
learning mediated by another human being is indispensable for a child because the mediator helps the child develop prerequisites that then make direct learning effective
platform - specific models are indispensable for the actual implementation of a system .
invited originally for the synod of 382 , held to end the schism of antioch , he made himself indispensable to the pope , and took a prominent place in his councils .
a large open fire is absolutely indispensable , and it must be sufficiently large for every portion of the joint to face the centre or ' red ' fire , which will give a steady and ascertained heat during the whole time the joint is revolving and being cooked ... basting must be continuously done ...
for example , hardware description languages are indispensable for modern digital circuit design .
" it would be indispensable and infinitely preferable to send them to other countries where they would find themselves under active control , as for example poland , thus avoiding danger and preventing damage . "
on the democratic character of the european union : the european parliament is – according to state cartel theory – a less important , not really indispensable multifunctional communitarian institution of eu : the most obvious function is the orchestration of a european democracy ; at this , the democratic pretensions of parties and citizens of the member states are to be served symbolically – meaning : they often get sent to nowhere .
it would take the much later mg34 , yet to come , to achieve that indispensable flexibility .
dietrich became hughes 's most indispensable executive---"noah can do it " was , according to dietrich 's memoir , a frequent hughes expression whenever difficult , if not impossible , wants or needs needed to be met .
cumberland never appealed to the evidence of history , although he believed that the law of universal benevolence had been accepted by all nations and generations ; and he abstains from arguments founded on revelation , feeling that it was indispensable to establish the principles of moral right on nature as a basis .
lijphart stresses that these conditions are neither indispensable nor sufficient to account for the success of consociationalism .
by 1985 there were more than 1,000 teacher training schools - an indispensable tool in the effort to solve the acute shortage of qualified teachers .
they are the legacy of the older socialization approach and they legitimate some forms of childhood and education practices as indispensable and even as a “ natural ” requirement of society , while devaluing others .
i argued that what it seemed to me indispensable , as thesis of the film , was that passion can destroy but it can not be denied , and my solution eventually prevailed .
it is an independent public institution , and it will maintain this independence as an indispensable condition of teaching , learning and research .
notwithstanding such attempts to restrict the influx of cheap labor from china , beginning in the 1870s chinese workers played an indispensable role in the construction of a vast network of levees in the sacramento - san joaquin river delta .
the kesh or unshorn long hair is an indispensable part of the human body .
also , analytical chemistry has been an indispensable area in the development of nanotechnology .
in 2002 , hieronimus published , which has been called “ an indispensable companion to the movie . ”
estimating the daily requirement for the indispensable amino acids has proven to be difficult ; these numbers have undergone considerable revision over the last 20 years .
as planned , in late september 1798 his boat the " indispensable " left to do some “ fishing ”
contemporary mathematical empiricism , formulated by quine and putnam , is primarily supported by the " indispensability argument " : mathematics is indispensable to all empirical sciences , and if we want to believe in the reality of the phenomena described by the sciences , we ought also believe in the reality of those entities required for this description .
apparently indispensable and beneficial it was approved thus the birth of laguna resettlement community high school in 1970 at united bayanihan , san pedro , laguna with mrs. bartolomea e. pedron as principal .
in trigant burrow 's eyes acknowledging this distortion of the analytical endeavor is indispensable to restoring relationships to normality .
nevertheless , the largely subsistence economy is incapable of supporting high military expenditures , drought relief , an ambitious development plan , and indispensable imports such as oil and , therefore , must depend on foreign assistance .
to the observer he 's an " indispensable read " .
today the 155s remain indispensable for railion deutschland , deutsche bahn 's railway cargo carrier .
they sell their services as communications channels , and have become indispensable to the workings of the pan - sentiency .
in athens the " engyesis " or betrothal was in fact indispensable to the complete validity of a marriage contract .
it would be , in his words , " the maximum of development possible with the minimum of indispensable security . "
the queen dearly loves him and over time , he slowly establishes himself as the head of the household and becomes an indispensable adviser .
soup , served as a indispensable dish in meals , is cooked in various ways with local seasonal fresh vegetables and seafood .
fixatives are indispensable commodities to the perfume industry .
he declared his conviction that the disastrous effects of the interview would induce the emperor in future to observe that strict reserve , even in private conversations , which is equally indispensable in the interest of a uniform policy and for the authority of the crown , adding that , in the contrary case , neither he nor any successor of his could assume the responsibility .
at the height of his influence and power he was indispensable to both sides , serving " at once as the king 's exclusive messenger and the white house 's errand boy " .
amnesty international published a report identifying evidence of the destruction of entire civilian neighbourhoods and villages by israeli forces , attacks on bridges with no strategic value , and attacks on civilian infrastructure indispensable to the survival of the civilian population .
the court followed the path of the note arguments than have been espoused by national consumer advocates such as april charney , max gardner , nye lavalle , chris hoyer , and neal garfield that all indispensable parties must be identified and that the actual lender identified in foreclosure actions to protect each party 's rights .
in the 1920s , the isis was every oxford socialite 's indispensable accessory .
after a short time , the belts became an indispensable fashion item and were being bought and sold for very high prices .
eblé discovered he had inherited a rag - tag collection of boatmen , yet in less than a year he had turned them into a disciplined , highly trained and skilled force who would soon prove indispensable .
in summer , irrigation was indispensable .
daguerreotype and calotype made it possible to prepare pictures , notably of archeological remains , quickly and precisely , although archeological drawing still remains an indispensable complement to research and publication .
the department 's chief of staff said that the aide in question traveled extensively with the attorney general and " is almost indispensable in terms of the many functions he carries out in this office .
" detroit free press " music critic mark stryker concludes that the work of strayhorn and ellington in " anatomy of a murder " is " indispensable , [ although ] ... too sketchy to rank in the top echelon among ellington - strayhorn masterpiece suites like " such sweet thunder " and " the far east suite " , but its most inspired moments are their equal . "
since the european enlightenment , the western philosophy has placed the individual , as an indispensable category , at the center of the universe .
there were isolated instances of successful shock combat on the western front , where cavalry divisions also provided important mobile fire power , but " cavalry was literally indispensable " on the eastern front and the middle east .
the finnhorse and its progenitors have also been an indispensable asset for military forces from the region of finland during the times of swedish and russian reign , and since independence as well .
in his view , the study of historical costume was indispensable to the study of cultural history .
it is an indispensable aid to anyone who has been baffled by discontinuities in the evolution of societies and their cultures .
the costumes are bizarre and flamboyant , with the indispensable elements of u shwe yoe 's ( independently animated ) moustache and a twirling parasol from the delta town of pathien .
critics claim that government connections are almost indispensable to business success in these countries .
to this query we may reply that , more than in anything else , it is the initiatique work that the greatest vigilance is indispensable and that a strict and active international discipline must be exercised .
to that end , wassily leontief did much to make quantitative data more accessible , and more indispensable , to the study of economics .
for this reason , knowledge of roman law is indispensable to understand the legal systems of today .
professor ferguson explains the origins of credit and debt and why credit networks are indispensable to any civilization .
in the same year froda proved that , in the case that the conjecture is true , the condition that the function is defined on the whole plane is indispensable .
it " shows the indispensable link between two people , as well as the inevitability of this link : we can be attached to the other person , but also lose her " .
this concept , which became a reality under his leadership , recognized the indispensable role of the army national guard and u.s. army reserve as equal partners with the active army in executing defense policy and in preparing for war .
we were denied proper credits , and deprived of any financial rewards for our indispensable creative contribution to the success of " batman " .
short after their first public aperience marija togehter with creative band eventually became an indispensable member of numerous celebrations such as a partys of successful companies , banks and agencies but the private party on the occasion of wedding and birthday as well .
cwrs are essential components of natural and agricultural ecosystems and hence are indispensable for maintaining ecosystem health .
prescription and a common cultural and literary tradition , among other factors , have contributed to the formation of a loosely - defined register which can be termed standard spanish ( or " neutral spanish " ) , which is the preferred form in formal settings , and is considered indispensable in academic and literary writing , the media , etc .
the predicative particle " d " is an indispensable tool in speaking kabyle , " d " is equivalent to both " it is + adjective " and " to be + adjective " , but can not be replaced by the verb " ili " ( to be ) .
also , in the third season finale " human error " , when house is trying to stop foreman 's leaving , he bluntly declares that he is " indispensable " and that " he needs him " on his team , in an unusual display of respect for a subordinate .
