however , as boord describes it , " all dictionaries and sanskrit works agree the word to be " kīla " ( or " kīlaka " ) . i suppose this [ discrepancy ] to result from an indiscriminate use by tibetans of the dative singular " kīlaya " .
although most sides engaged in bombardments , some were more indiscriminate in their targeting .
i am arguing against indiscriminate conversion of biomass and organic wastes to fuels .
the system allows indiscriminate transactions between private accounts in all norwegian accounts using norwegian krone .
the inspection methods were indiscriminate and non - standardised .
soyinka 's mother was also very active - side - by - side with mrs. kuti - in that struggle tha lead to abolition of indiscriminate taxation against women .
his mother funmilayo ransome - kuti , battled against indiscriminate taxation of women by the british colonial government .
the zionist groups of irgun and lehi reverted to their 1937–1939 strategy of indiscriminate attacks by placing bombs and throwing grenades into crowded places such as bus stops , shopping centres and markets .
a major theme of the book , prior 's intense and indiscriminate bisexuality , is effectively contrasted with rivers 's tepid asexuality and sassoon 's pure homosexuality .
the indiscriminate killing of civilians by artillery and aircraft bombing ( for example , the bombing of the basque town of guernica by the legión cóndor , immortalised by pablo picasso 's painting , " guernica " ) foreshadowed the terror bombings on poland , the netherlands and united kingdom by nazi germany , and the bombing of dresden in world war ii and other major german cities by the allies .
as a consequence of industrial pollution and indiscriminate building on the river banks , aluva puzha is now one of the most polluted rivers in kerala .
they blamed israel for systematically failing to distinguish between combatants and civilians , which may constitute a war crime , and accused hezbollah of committing war crimes by the deliberate and indiscriminate killing of civilians by firing rockets into populated areas .
back in the seven kingdoms , cersei lannister has put a bounty on his head , resulting in the indiscriminate murder of dwarves and ugly children .
it tells the story of jo , a seventeen - year - old working class girl , and her mother , helen , who is presented as crude and sexually indiscriminate .
a disadvantage of the method is that it is indiscriminate .
the minority would hold that as applied to the prosecution of the communist party 's top dignitaries , the section was clearly constitutional , noting that aptheker and flynn fail the majority 's criteria for " indiscriminate " because each clearly knew of their party membership and each was committed to its causes .
in their second book , " more trivial trivia " , the authors criticized practitioners who were " indiscriminate enough to confuse the flower of trivia with the weed of minutiae " ; trivia , they wrote , " is concerned with tugging at heartstrings , " while minutiae deals with such unevocative questions as " which state is the largest consumer of jell - o ? " ( answer : california ) but over the years the word has come to refer to obscure and arcane bits of dry knowledge as well as nostalgic remembrances of pop culture .
in addition to being a portrait painter , wit , dandy and indiscriminate rake , lucifer box is an agent of the british secret service , reporting to sir joshua reynolds .
the russian military is also accused of using indiscriminate force in attacks in south ossetia and in the gori district , and has apparently targeted convoys of civilians attempting to flee the conflict zones .
in an impact study preparing a bill dealing with cybercrime , the government of france listed the virgin killer block as an example of indiscriminate filtering .
norway 's large merchant marine delivered vital supplies to britain but suffered huge losses in ships and sailors because of indiscriminate attack by the german navy .
following the indiscriminate executions , the looting , the mopping up of the civilian population , poverty and destruction of the war spurred spontaneous rebellion in the city , without an external organization .
in this meaning " management by perkele " implies indiscriminate application of army methods in civilian life — exporting practices which are proper for one small specific area of society into another , where they may have mixed results .
the scarman report was published in november 1981 and found unquestionable evidence of the disproportionate and indiscriminate use of ' stop and search ' powers by the police against black people .
the procession saw an armed police barricading where demonstrators including five students where martyred at indiscriminate police firing to crowd .
however , brando ended his financial support for the group over his perception of its increasing radicalization , specifically a passage in a panther pamphlet put out by eldridge cleaver advocating indiscriminate violence , " for the revolution " .
" unfortunately its functions did not include house - to - house garbage collection , and this led to indiscriminate refuse dumping , even to the heedless tossing of trash from windows . "
pollution of the ganges from indiscriminate waste dumped into the river is a major problem .
shamanov 's forces are also believed to have looted and pillaged and killed in the other places during the second chechen campaign , among them at katyr - yurt ( in 2005 the european court of human rights held russia responsible for civilian deaths during the indiscriminate bombing of katyr - yurt ) , shami - yurt and gekhi - chu .
united nations humanitarian affairs chief john holmes accused hamas of " reckless and cynical " use of civilian facilities during the hostilities in the gaza strip , and told that the above , as well as indiscriminate firing of rockets against civilian populations , are clear violations of international humanitarian law .
amid clashes , police and troopers resorted to indiscriminate firing , killing two people .
the british soldiers , angry after learning of the massacre , indulged in indiscriminate violence , including looting and burning of houses .
high commissioner cunningham wrote a few days later ' it should be made clear that izl attack with mortars was indiscriminate and designed to create panic among the civilian inhabitants ' .
this model was rediscovered in 1920 by raymond pearl and lowell reed , who promoted its wide and indiscriminate use .
gates ' aggressive approach to the gang problem was effective in suppressing gang violence , but its indiscriminate nature led to numerous allegations of false arrest and allegations of a general lapd disdain for young black and latino men .
the consequences of this more indiscriminate feeding hit the news in 1999 with the outbreak of human encephalitis in new york , caused by west nile virus .
he argued that military competition resulted between the chinese generals and the koreans , and supposedly led to the indiscriminate killing of korean civilians in namhae by the chinese soldiers , whom the chinese general chen lin labelled as japanese collaborators in order to gain a larger head count .
they are also the family of insects containing most plant virus vectors ( around 200 known ) with the green peach aphid ( " myzus persicae " ) being one of the most prevalent and indiscriminate carriers .
hezb - e islami was not however the only perpetrator of indiscriminate shelling of civilians .
its stocks were affected by the indiscriminate use of organochlorines and other pesticides in the mid-20th century , but being something of an r - strategist able to multiply quickly under good conditions it was less affected than other birds of prey .
the following police action has resulted in manchester united accusing the italian police of " hand[ing ] out indiscriminate beatings to united supporters " and encouraged witnesses to contact them .
many dozens of people were rounded up and jailed in a wide and indiscriminate net and eventually brought to one of the biggest trials of the high middle ages in england .
based on his experiences , he firmly believed that leprosy was curable , and he was against indiscriminate segregation .
while indiscriminate looting was avoided , the insurgents targeted the property of creoles and spaniards , regardless of political affiliation .
in dundee , hood made a number of close friends with whom he continue to correspond for many years , led a healthy outdoor life , and also became a large and indiscriminate reader .
geomorphic and geophysical features and outstanding scenic resources may be sacrificed by indiscriminate mining .
tenzin delek is also widely known for working to develop social , medical , educational and religious institutions for tibetan nomads in eastern tibet , as an advocate for environmental conservation in the face of indiscriminate logging and mining projects , and as a mediator between tibetans and chinese .
they had already committed several acts of indiscriminate killings on english soil such as the massacre at barthomley church .
the main object seems to be to inspire terror by the indiscriminate slaughter of civilians ...
like cluster munitions , the use of rocket heads filled with metal ball bearings can not be targeted precisely and are indiscriminate weapons when used in populated areas .
a series of demonstrations in march / april calling for the resignation of president carlos andres perez and the restoration of constitutional guarantees were met with state violence including indiscriminate police firing into crowds , with a total of 13 deaths .
the czech lands were an important industrial zone for the german military and indiscriminate killing could reduce the productivity of the region .
uyghurs maintain the attacks started after the night shift at around 12.30 a.m. , when han mobs stormed into uyghur dormitories and started indiscriminate and unprovoked beatings .
seeing sufrite preachers everywhere around the city , the troops launched a series of indiscriminate massacres , provoking a massive uprising in the hitherto - quiet city .
human rights watch stated on 18 july that " hezbollah 's attacks [ on haifa ] were at best indiscriminate attacks in civilian areas , at worst the deliberate targeting of civilians .
over 40 civilians were killed and 150 wounded by indiscriminate shelling and bombing by the sri lankan armed forces , the ltte statement said , adding that the sri lankan military was also preventing civilians from moving to areas of safety .
the indiscriminate spread nature makes for
those fishing boats were blamed not only for the indiscriminate destruction of marine life , but also for the poaching of north pacific salmon , harming the u.s. and canadian fishing industries , and threatening the jobs of fishermen who did not use such methods .
with civil liability and court costs related to the use of force as " the highest preventable loss found within the industry ... " ( us ) and bars being " sued more often for using unnecessary or excessive force than for any other reason " ( canada ) , substantial costs may be incurred by indiscriminate violence against patrons - though this depends heavily on the laws and customs of the country .
due to the indiscriminate impact of wmds , the fear of a wmd attack has shaped political policies and campaigns , fostered social movements , and has been the central theme of many films .
it was not until 1862 that efforts were made to control the indiscriminate destruction and the forests were declared reserved ( elaborated in kumar 1989 ) .
reasons for those deaths have been attributed to rampant and often indiscriminate postwar banditry and civil war , which cost the lives of tens of thousand of people on polish lands .
the role of the usc , a temporary police force raised for counter - insurgency purposes , in the conflict is still debated , but republicans maintain that the organisation was responsible for the indiscriminate killings of catholics and nationalists .
they are documented to have caused significant civilian deaths and injuries and have frequently caused indiscriminate effects both during and after conflicts .
( other reasons include the expropriation of aboriginal lands and territories , the indiscriminate killing of kangaroo and other australian wildlife by europeans , and the violent punishment meted out to aboriginal people for spearing european livestock or for digging traditional " bush tucker " from european claimed land ) .
during the battalion 's service in poland , it was involved in numerous cases of corruption , rape , indiscriminate killings and looting .
it follows the lives of several protagonists through these events , most notably charles darnay , a french once - aristocrat who falls victim to the indiscriminate wrath of the revolution despite his virtuous nature , and sydney carton , a dissipated british barrister who endeavours to redeem his ill - spent life out of love for darnay 's wife , lucie manette .
with corruption scandals , an economy in tatters , rumors of a right - wing coup and a civil war that did not appear to have a solution , the government became ineffective , unstable and unable to stop the indiscriminate violence and brutality .
gap 's first published report ( by the committee on therapy ) was on the " promiscuous and indiscriminate use of electro - shock therapy . "
" similarly , the laws of jihad categorically preclude wanton and indiscriminate slaughter .
there 's drama , violence , and pot - induced laughs , group holidays , indiscriminate sex , advances from teachers twenty - five years their seniors , attempted moves to paris - and few prospects of passing the baccalauréat , the final set of exams french students take before embarking into the world ... to do what ?
the termites as a group were traditionally placed in the exopterygota , but such an indiscriminate treatment makes that group a paraphyletic grade of basal neopterans .
among the objectives of the nationalists was , it appears , to signal the resolve of the nationalists to the interested parties , and display their intent not to tolerate indiscriminate political pressure .
due to large scale indiscriminate fishing activity near the island recently , fish stocks have been depleted , and thus the fishing businesses have declined considerably .
sam john informs mance the evil was originally intended to stop the white man , but it is indiscriminate in who it kills instead .
a report of the european union attached in the report stated , " the massive destruction , especially at the centre of the refugee camp , to which all heads of mission in jerusalem and ramallah can testify , shows that the site had undergone an indiscriminate use of force , that goes well beyond that of a battlefield . "
he also criticized the indiscriminate award of doctorates which , thus , held little value .
at another point boucher said , " it 's becoming increasingly clear that very large numbers of civilians were killed by the indiscriminate use of force by uzbek forces .
a long - time member of the international campaign to ban landmines ( icbl ) , the swiss campaign to ban landmines ( swiss campaign ) is an umbrella organisation composed of about 50 swiss ngos gathered around the common objective of banning antipersonnel landmines and similar indiscriminate weapons ( such as cluster munitions or anti - vehicle landmines ) .
since 2000 , increasing restrictions on illegal dynamite fishing have led to an increasing growth in this indiscriminate method – particularly as it can be used without generating noise .
in may 2007 , he wrote a letter to prime minister of israel ehud olmert which suggested ' that there was absolutely no moral prohibition against the indiscriminate killing of civilians during a potential massive military offensive on gaza aimed at stopping the rocket launchings ' .
yellow feather 's " crimes " are actually not murder and pillage but indiscriminate hunting and irresponsible use of fire in the forest , but he is nonetheless a villain of the deepest dye , who has threatened to " have his way " with mary .
he claimed to " like it in the butt " , and coleman was scheduled to go on trial in illinois on charges stemming from the rape of a 14-year - old girl when he fled and began his indiscriminate killing .
davies gives an estimate of 20,000 inhabitants killed in " an indiscriminate slaughter " .
in the years after world war ii , some observers feared that the breed was dying out due to indiscriminate crossing with other breeds .
while in actuality a boss in its own right , the unraveller is given no back story , and seems to be an indiscriminate killer , targeting minions as well as rayne .
these bombings were the first indiscriminate attack against civilians in the saudi arabia , and some believe that the mutawaeen may be at the centre of this issue .
carson did not reject the use of pesticides , but argued that their use was often indiscriminate and resulted in harm to people and the environment .
their expeditions were characterised by what modern historian padraig lenihan has called , ' excessive and indiscriminate brutality ' against the general catholic population there and helped to provoke the general catholic population into joining the rebellion .
he described murders of unarmed civilians , including women and children , rape followed in many instances by torture or murder , and indiscriminate terror designed to coerce the civilian population .
major - general boyd , the officer commanding dublin district , added that in his opinion , " the firing on the crowd was carried out without orders , was indiscriminate , and unjustifiable , with the exception of any shooting which took place inside the enclosure . "
to keep the young gaia from harm 's way , he abandoned her without notice , hoping to protect her from oliver 's indiscriminate violence .
» » » to work closely with farmers to dispel the myth that all cheetahs and leopards are a danger to their livestock , helping to protect these big cats from indiscriminate shooting and conserve the species .
the united nations convention on certain conventional weapons ( ccw or ccwc ) , concluded at geneva on october 10 , 1980 and entered into force in december 1983 , seeks to prohibit or restrict the use of certain conventional weapons which are considered excessively injurious or whose effects are indiscriminate .
ieda 's later works continued her practise of touching on contentious themes ; her 1991 book " yellow cab " , about the eponymous stereotype of japanese women overseas who allegedly engaged in indiscriminate sex with foreigners , attracted a great deal of media attention in japan , including two television documentaries by tv asahi and tokyo broadcasting system .
the russian military has since used indiscriminate force in attacks in south ossetia and in the gori district , and has apparently targeted convoys of civilians attempting to flee the conflict zones .
the cdc warned that the indiscriminate use of antiviral medications to prevent and treat influenza could ease the way for drug - resistant strains to emerge which would make the fight against the pandemic that much harder .
zumalacárregui , however , had signed the lord eliot convention , which aimed to end the indiscriminate executions by firing squad of prisoners of both sides .
governor ramsey 's most notorious accomplishment had been to order a vicious and indiscriminate retaliatory strikes by minnesota militiamen against various dakota settlements in reaction to the sioux uprising in 1862 .
unfortunately he is also indiscriminate in the use of his battle skills ( prone to joyously leaping into any fray before attempting to ascertain the reasons for the fight , or even who is on what side ) and incredibly accident - prone , and despite generally good intentions causes mass destruction wherever he goes .
throughout the war , the most devastating aspect of it remained the indiscriminate shelling of the city by the various sides in the conflict .
a judge is not free , like a loose cannon , " he wrote , " to inflict indiscriminate damage whenever he announces that he is acting in his judicial capacity . "
it was only the best known episode of indiscriminate bloodshed and captive - taking and deranged relations between indians and anglo - american colonists .
although the killing received almost no attention in the major news media , o'dwyer 's pr services came to the conclusion that " young souham , because of his international social and business connections , was enticed into iran - contra arms dealing " and that his indiscriminate bragging to friends led to his assassination . from the book toxic sludge is
the fighting was marked by extreme confusion and frequently indiscriminate fire on all sides .
there were indiscriminate mass killings first of tutsis , then of hutus ; of these , the former have been described as genocide by the united nations international commission of inquiry for burundi .
the first " risk " was the indiscriminate killing of " carbonites " which lasted for ten years in the a.i. war .
on september 16 , 2003 , a croatian regional court raised charges for the lovas crimes against ljuban devetak ( declared as " chief commander " of occupied lovas ) , milan devčić ( declared as " police chief " of occupied lovas ) and 16 other people , charging them with indiscriminate killings , abuse , rape and other crimes .
this coincided with early criticism that no editorial policy would drive out good material with spam and promote " automated or indiscriminate publication of confidential records . "
aside from over - collection or indiscriminate collection , an important factor in the diminished supply of cistanche is a loss of the saxaul host , " haloxylon ammodendron " , which is widely used for firewood .
hezb - e islami was not however the only perpetrator of indiscriminate shelling of civilians .
however , rifampin - resistant strains have been reported and the indiscriminate use of antibiotics contributes to this problem .
in the period since the beginning of the ice march in february , the indiscriminate use of red terror by the don soviet had produced a wholesale reaction among the cossack population , even among those hostile to the whites .
looting ( hindi lūṭ , akin to sanskrit luṭhati , [ he ] steals ; also latin " latro " , " latronis " [ sp . ladrón ] , " thief " ) , to rob , sacking , plundering , despoiling , or pillaging is the indiscriminate taking of goods by force as part of a military or political victory , or during a catastrophe or riot , such as during war , natural disaster , or rioting .
the americans radioed kandy , warning that “ indiscriminate bombing and strafing ” were destroying good will toward the united states .
in fact it has been argued that its indiscriminate use in many standard books on engineering thermodynamics has done a disservice to the study of stirling engines in general .
the common scat is omnivorous and an indiscriminate eater .
the population of this animal declined precipitously in the last century due to indiscriminate shooting by hunters along the leh - srinagar highway .
the squads were rumored to have used excessive and indiscriminate force , which has been cited by israeli academic anita shapira .
starting with the assassination of lincoln , followed by lynchings and the indiscriminate murders and persecution of blacks , as well as peace rallies and the voice of edgar ray killen , a preacher who supervised the murder of three civil rights workers in mississippi .
“ our research shows that israel ’s claim that hezbollah fighters are hiding among civilians does not explain , let alone justify , israel ’s indiscriminate warfare . ”
the increasingly visible consequences of indiscriminate littering of plastic wastes ( in particular plastic packaging wastes and discarded bags ) has stimulated public outcry and shaped policy .
since the death of medellín cartel leader pablo escobar in a police shootout during december 1993 , indiscriminate acts of violence associated with that organization have abated as the " cartels " have broken up into multiple , smaller and often - competing trafficking organizations .
many scholars believe that the child savers promoted altruism and guidance but then others say : “ the child savers should in no sense be considered libertarians or humanists " this is based on the research that the indiscriminate arrest , indeterminate sentencing , military drill , and hard labor were the concrete results of their reforms .
on 9 september 1940 raf crews were instructed that due to the " indiscriminate " nature of german bombing , if they failed to find their assigned targets they were to attack targets of opportunity rather than bring their bombs home .
he also opposed al - qaida over indiscriminate attacks on iraqi shias .
there were numerous allegations of war crimes committed by soviet armed forces , especially against captured luftwaffe airmen during the initial phase of the war , and then periodically throughout the conflict , due to large civilian casualties of indiscriminate bombings by the luftwaffe .
new york times book review " reviewer alden welch felt the full novel would " surely appeal not only to all lovers and masters of dogs , but to many who have never owned any and who have no general and indiscriminate liking for them . "
concerned with environmental deterioration due to indiscriminate logging and mining in the countryside and industrial pollution , its members organized environmental awareness activities32 in the areas of pasig , mandaluyong , pasay and makati and the universities of manila and quezon city .
illegal poison baits set for foxes or crows are indiscriminate and kill protected birds and other animals .
the russian military has also used indiscriminate force in attacks in south ossetia and in the gori district , and has apparently targeted convoys of civilians attempting to flee the conflict zones .
emperor wuzong of tang ( 814 - 846 ) indulged in indiscriminate religious persecution , solving a financial crisis by seizing the property of buddhist monasteries .
bennett saw a public who would not buy a serious paper at any price , who had a vast and indiscriminate curiosity better satisfied with gossip than discussion , with sensation rather than fact , who could be reached through their appetites and passions .
according to human rights watch , palestinian areas of hebron are frequently subject to indiscriminate firing by the idf , leading to many casualties .
while shown to be utterly indiscriminate in his sexual pursuits , brock has never once thought about having sex with dr. girlfriend , much to dr. girlfriend ’s own disappointment .
this act came as an enlightened response to the devastation being wrought at the time by indiscriminate logging not only in new york , but also in pennsylvania , michigan ( " the lands that nobody wanted " ) , wisconsin , and elsewhere .
a 6 september 2007 human rights watch report found that most of the civilian deaths in lebanon resulted from " indiscriminate israeli airstrikes " , and found that israeli aircraft targeted vehicles carrying fleeing civilians .
the cultural confusion between the dag and bogan archetypes in the media is exemplified by the 1998 film , " dags " , which whilst incorporating a few features of archetypal dag clothing style for the men , ie : long socks , hawaiian shirts , sandals , has the women in tank tops and hot pants quite unassociated with the dag archetype , and portrays typical bogan archetypes throughout the film of slovenliness , substance abuse and indiscriminate sex .
the effect of the indiscriminate mass killing was to render the belarus population opposed to their nazi occupiers .
the committee on the administration of justice ( caj ) , who had sent members to observe the situation , condemned this " completely indiscriminate " use of plastic bullets .
it was created in 1897 by sm jose salas libornio who said president nicolás de piérola , he disagreed with the indiscriminate interpretation of the national anthem at all official events that were derived from civic events .
the main arguments of tyler 's rebels were that there was no basis for aristocratic rule in the bible , and that the plague had demonstrated by its indiscriminate nature that all people were equal under god .
[and ] directed ... [an ] indiscriminate campaign of terror against civilians . ” "
the district court of tokyo declined to rule on the legality of nuclear weapons in general , but found that " the attacks upon hiroshima and nagasaki caused such severe and indiscriminate suffering that they did violate the most basic legal principles governing the conduct of war . "
he also helped establish the western bird banding association , and worked to help stop the indiscriminate shooting of california sea lions by the u.s. coast guard at point reyes .
a report issued in the united kingdom said that use of plastic bullets over water cannon was justified because " water cannons are inflexible and indiscriminate " , although several people had been very seriously injured by plastic bullets .
in view of indiscriminate exploitation of natural resources combined with atmospheric pollution there has been a policy shift by the governance .
i believe negroes should have the right [ to indiscriminate use of the ballot ] , and in mississippi too — when their main purpose is not to put me out of office and when they wo n't try to besmirch the reputation of my state .
the word " trawling " has come to be used in a number of non - fishing contexts , usually meaning indiscriminate collection with the intent of picking out the useful bits .
the yugoslav reaction involved the indiscriminate use of force against civilian populations , and caused many ethnic - albanians to flee their homes .
the purpose of the toll , said the council , was to prevent ' indiscriminate lounging on the pier ' .
" cuba " encouraged terrorism in the hope of provoking indiscriminate violence and repression , in order to weaken government legitimacy and attract new converts to armed struggle " in 1992 , after the soviet collapse , fidel castro stressed that his country ’s support for insurgents abroad was a thing of the past .
ed perkins , editor of the " travel letter " , noted that other members of the travel press blamed the bankruptcy on chronic undercapitalization , problems with the faa , and the " media 's indiscriminate innuendos about the safety of all low - fare airlines following the valujet crash " ; perkins suggested a fourth problem for kiwi : the " pervasive power of the giant lines ' frequent - flyer programs , noting kiwi targeted business travelers .
according to roger casement 's report , depopulation was caused mainly by four causes : " indiscriminate war " , starvation , reduction of births and tropical diseases .
" it was clear to me that the georgian attack was completely indiscriminate and disproportionate to any , if indeed there had been any , provocation , ” grist said . “
in addition , these troops and their support personnel were frequently required to conduct their operations in active war zones along the somalia and sudan borders , where brutal wars and indiscriminate killing had been going on for years , and the area of the country that is now eritrea , where the eritrean liberation front was engaged in armed struggle with imperial ethiopian forces .
as far as his intellectual gifts were concerned , he had a wonderful memory , which , if supplemented by other talents in like proportion , would have made him a marvel , but he lacked swiftness of apprehension and deep insight , so that his masses of arguments and citations were indiscriminate , and he was filled with an inconceivable impudence though he had the cleverness to conceal it .
he has a long history of womanizing and one - night stands , and is somewhat indiscriminate about his partners , admitting to affairs with not only addison but also his tennis partner 's wife .
the latter meaning of " hundun " is synonymous with chinese " luàn " 亂 ( simplified 乱 ) " chaos ; disorder ; upheaval ; confusion ; turmoil ; revolt ; indiscriminate ; random ; arbitrary " .
due to the indiscriminate nature of a dog 's appetite , gastrointestinal upset is a frequent occurrence in dogs .
the telegram cited " constant and indiscriminate shelling and gunfire " of sarajevo by karadzic ’s yugoslav people army ; the harassment of minority groups in northern bosnia " in an attempt to force them to leave " ; and the use of detainees " to do dangerous work on the front lines " as evidence that genocide was being committed .
when that level is balanced for both sides , the equilibria can be indiscriminate violence or not violence at all , due to mutual deterrence .
the serbian response was , as the kla had predicted , forceful and often indiscriminate .
ai further notes that israel ’s firing of artillery , shelling from tanks and from naval ships into densely populated civilian areas in gaza may also amount to indiscriminate attacks .
the case gained huge attention in the media , owing to the apparent indiscriminate nature in which the victim was targeted .
he opposed strategies such as indiscriminate bombing , and on 21 december 1940 , in a letter to " the times " signed jointly with temple and cardinal hinsley , lang expressed support for the pope 's five peace points initiative .
instead , it harshly criticized both the protesters and the guardsmen , but it concluded that " the indiscriminate firing of rifles into a crowd of students and the deaths that followed were unnecessary , unwarranted , and inexcusable . "
opposition categorizes it as an indiscriminate weapon which infringes several rights , such as the " dignity of a people " category , namely the young .
deforestation results as more and more land is being cleared for agriculture and settlement ; some damage to coral reefs from starfish and indiscriminate coral and shell collectors ; overhunting threatens native sea turtle populations
black bears in east texas were seriously reduced to scattered remnant populations or eliminated altogether in many areas largely as a result of indiscriminate and unregulated hunting by the time the first organized survey of mammals took place from 1890 to 1904 .
warhol is now understood to represent the modern era of commercialization and indiscriminate " sameness . "
the theological mix is also indiscriminate .
other british accounts state that indiscriminate punitive measures were taken in early june , two weeks before the murders at the bibi - ghar ( but after those at both meerut and delhi ) , specifically by lieutenant colonel james george smith neill of the madras fusiliers ( a european unit ) , commanding at allahabad while moving towards cawnpore .
indiscriminate applause is widely considered a violation of classical music concert etiquette : applause is discouraged between movements , reserved instead for the end of the entire work .
he was also prominent in the worldwide ecumenical movement , although he later became sharply critical of the movement for what he felt were indiscriminate endorsements of political establishments , primarily of the left .
while tempus encourages battle , he commands that the warriors first consider the consequences and not be reckless or indiscriminate in waging war .
however , the killing is indiscriminate and other constantly dividing cells and their organs are affected , which causes toxic side effects .
by this stage in the unit 's history , the brigade 's composition and ethos had become so degenerate and indiscriminate that himmler was forced to detail several companies of military police to protect nearby german units and ensure dirlewanger 's men only targeted poles .
furthermore , schwoebel noted the unfair and indiscriminate recitation by the press of the sensational material leaked by the navy .
fed up with the growing and indiscriminate violence and chaos in their town , the people of cromwell reluctantly turn to tilghman to help restore order and kick out the criminal element .
on july 29 , 2006 , cnn senior medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta reported , with supporting video , that hezbollah rockets were packed with ball bearings , causing extensive indiscriminate damage to civilians and property .
full of indiscriminate joy in the sun and wind alike ... "
the shing mun river had once been heavily polluted from the indiscriminate discharges from livestock , industrial , commercial and domestic sources .
" indiscriminate act of kindness " is featured in a tv commercial for great ormond street hospital , which was aired in the uk up until christmas of 2006 .
he succeeded in ' shock action ' by concentrated and indiscriminate firing on target areas ... "
land warfare moved from visual range and semi person - to - person combat of the previous era , to indiscriminate and impersonal , ' beyond visual range ' warfare , with the crimean war as simultaneously trench warfare , long range artillery , railroads , the telegraph and the rifle were introduced .
wildlife conservation organizations charge that this killing is both indiscriminate and ineffective at protecting sheep .
scarman found unquestionable evidence of the disproportionate and indiscriminate use of ' stop and search ' powers by the police against black people .
upon returning , edullon objects to syndrea heavy - handed tactics of indiscriminate attacks against both the zerg and terrans , but is branded as a traitor by the judicator .
the same group of studies suggests that a minority of adopted , institutionalized children exhibit persistent indiscriminate sociability even after more normative caregiving environments are provided .
however , they have consistently condemned all indiscriminate attacks on civilians , and have negotiated for the release of western hostages , as well as helping to arrange aid convoys to the city of falluja when it was under siege .
hypermetamorphosis can also refer to a mammalian / primate psychological condition where there is excessive and indiscriminate reaction to visual stimulus .
author ken saro - wiwa was a member of the ogoni people , an ethnic nigerian minority whose hometown , ogoniland , in the niger delta has been targeted for crude oil extraction since the 1950s and which has suffered extreme and unremediated environmental damage from decades of indiscriminate oil waste dumping .
according to brownfield , the loyalists attacked , carrying out " indiscriminate carnage never surpassed by the most ruthless atrocities of the most barbarous savages " .
deportations became indiscriminate , and people and their families were deported for " crimes " such as having relatives or visiting abroad , or visiting friends while the friends were arrested .
" so indiscriminate and extensive was the killing that the campaign is known in sikh history is known as the " chhota ghalughara " or the lesser holocaust .
he was known for his ruthlessness , ordering the indiscriminate use of chemical weapons such as mustard gas , sarin , tabun and vx against kurdish targets .
baramulla killing refers to the killing of four people in an indiscriminate firing incident by indian armed forces over the unarmed protestors protesting against the overnight alleged indecent behaviour of a policemen in police station with a woman .
its indiscriminate use , permitted to hincmar of reims by leo iv ( 851 ) and to bruno of cologne by agapetus ii ( 954 ) was contrary to the general custom .
indiscriminate felling particularly of large trees is generally eschewed owing to the belief that they are dwellings of " yokkazo"s ( tree spirits ) and that such an act would bring the wrath of the nat upon the perpetrator .
illegal and indiscriminate logging is a problem in the area , and especially in natural forest stands .
barrier troops may be utilized simply to raise the morale of frontline troops and for the purpose of constituting a reserve force , or they may be used to prevent unauthorized withdrawal of soldiers from the battlefield by any means , including indiscriminate killing .
shortly after leaving vlissingen , he resorted to open and indiscriminate piracy selling his cargo in england and the barbary coast .
certainly , indiscriminate practicing of exercises can damage a pianist just as forcing repetition of a difficult piece .
in an era of indiscriminate felling of trees , he stressed the risks inherent in upsetting the balance of nature by felling one or two species of tree only , pointing out that such selective feelings would undermine the principle of removing mature growth to improve conditions for young growth in the forest .
human rights watch has called on the russian military to stop using fae , known in russia as " vacuum bombs " , in chechnya , concerned about the large number of civilian casualties caused by what it calls " the widespread and often indiscriminate bombing and shelling by russian forces " .
( … ) their behaviour and attitude appeared to bear no relation to the indiscriminate campaigns of bombing and shooting in which they have both been prominent leaders . "
indiscriminate tourism industry , especially in the segur / masinagudi area , poses a threat to the region .
kautsky recognized that red terror represented a variety of terrorism because it was indiscriminate , intended to frighten the civilian population , and included taking and executing hostages .
during the famine of 1770–1771 he enforced on landowners " the obligation of relieving the poor " and especially the " métayers " dependent upon them , and organized in every province " ateliers " and " bureaux de charité " for providing work for the able - bodied and relief for the infirm , while at the same time he condemned indiscriminate charity .
on the issue of the environment , ermes cautions that " “ even more alarming is the indiscriminate exploitation of the earth ’s resources .
as they flew higher it became quite indiscriminate . "
eishin - ryū uses a system of indiscriminate transmission ( 完全相傳 ) , allowing anyone in possession of full - transmission to award licenses to any number of his students .
indiscriminate arrest of malays has fueled distrust and resentment against the thai authority among the locals .
on the basis that they should not cause the indiscriminate area effects or unexploded ordnance risks of cluster munitions , these submunitions are not classified as cluster munitions under the widely accepted definition of the weapon enshrined in international law by the convention on cluster munitions .
whitman 's choice of victims was indiscriminate ; most of them were shot on guadalupe street , a major commercial and business district across from the west side of the campus .
the nz government uses helicopters to poison the deer and possum population with aerial dropping of large volumes of 1080 poison , despite some public opposition to the indiscriminate use of such poisons .
in creating this system of control , moore provocatively evokes classical english political thought , namely thomas hobbes ' " leviathan , " which imagined the state as one vast corporate " gestalt " , with its legitimacy founded on the need to maintain order and prevent indiscriminate violence ( as was hinted at in the norsefire backstory ) .
walid khalidi calls it " an orgy of indiscriminate killing . "
during unrest in the coal field during that month he called publicly for any industrial action the miners might take to be directed towards the coal owners who , kenyon claimed , were making fabulous profits , and not aimed at the public or other industries who would resent indiscriminate strike action .
ters ... all mingled in indiscriminate merriment , with a spiked wall , twenty feet high , above their heads ... ” all the characteristics of a regular election were parodied .
their carnivorous , indiscriminate appetite is well known .
despite this hedilla , who was on the left wing of the falange and emphasised the proletarian and syndicalist nature of the movement soon became a critic of the indiscriminate violence being perpetrated by the nationalists .
the trc found that it could not condone the use of landmines because of the indiscriminate nature of the weapon which inevitably resulted in gross violations of human rights , but gives the anc credit for abandoning the strategy .
thousands of relatives of conscripts and reserve soldiers suffered loss and pain ; revelations of torture and the indiscriminate brutality the army visited on the muslim population prompted widespread revulsion ; and a significant constituency supported the principle of national liberation .
on december 30 , india released a second statement condemning what it called israel 's " disproportionate " and " indiscriminate " use of force , and expressed disappointment at the large number of civilian casualties .
the " third of may " execution was an indiscriminate killing of civilians by french soldiers in reprisal for a guerrilla attack the previous day .
they include : assassinations ; deaths due to strafing or indiscriminate firing ; massacre ; summary execution is done if the victim becomes passive before the moment of death ( i.e. forcible abduction leading to death ) ; assassination means forthwith or instant killing while massacre is akin to genocide or mass extermination ; thus , killings occurred in many regions or places throughout the philippines in different times - 136 killings in southern tagalog region were recorded by human rights group karapatan from 2001 to may 19 , 2006 .
most of the victims of violence in swat during november 2007 , the most lethal month , have been due to the indiscriminate strafing of villages by the pakistan army ’s helicopter gunships .
rather than applying coercive pressure on governments through indiscriminate violence , 17n 's strategy has been to target symbolic elements of government , foreign , and business interests in an attempt at promoting a climate of insurrection .
on august 12 , 2007 , an msnbc report noted the largely unaccountable and unsupervised nature of security contractor activities , and the high number of casual or indiscriminate civilian killings attributed to them .
now due to indiscriminate urbanisation and lack of planning the river has become a receptacle of all the untreated domestic and industrial waste coming out of hyderabad .
as the international media and human rights observers were kept out of punjab , indiscriminate arrests , tortures and killings by the police left an estimated 10,000 civilians dead , and hundreds more of the visible minority sikhs disappeared or detained without charges or trial .
they were the most effective unit ( in terms of personnel lost versus enemies killed ) deployed against swapo fighters ( seeking namibian independence from south africa ) and were accused by them of brutal and indiscriminate use of force .
at the lair , trevor stumbles upon bro in the midst of his indiscriminate draining rampage and becomes his latest victim .
the germans repeatedly carried out indiscriminate bombing attacks against civilian areas , such as the bombing of belgrade in 1941 and the baedeker blitz against england in 1942 , and the allies sought to demoralise the german workforce through the destruction of their homes — a policy known euphemistically as dehousing .
according to roger casement 's report , depopulation was caused mainly by four causes : " indiscriminate war " , starvation , reduction of births and tropical diseases .
when a law is construed to preempt , the result is a broad and indiscriminate extinguishment of substantive and remedial state law , and sensitive to this problem , " the court has on occasion"--"wyeth v. levine " , for example — expressed support for a clear statement rule : it will find preemption only when congress expresses preemptive intent clearly in the statute . "
the cluster munitions ban advocates are a group of individuals whose lives have been affected by cluster munitions , a particular type of explosive weapon that has been banned for its indiscriminate area effects and risk from unexploded ordnance .
intended to be a decisive breakthrough , the battle of the somme instead became a byword for futile and indiscriminate slaughter , with general haig 's tactics remaining controversial even today .
during the war , he made many impassioned pleas for the lifting of the arms embargo against the bosnian government and made repeated calls for the un to protect the so - called safe areas from indiscriminate attacks .
this would not be forgotten or forgiven ; the first battle which broke out at uwereka in september 1905 under the governorship of count gustav adolf von götzen turned instantly into an all - out war with indiscriminate murders and massacres perpetrated by all sides against farmers , settlers , missionaries , planters , villages , indigenous people and peasants .
the bombing of wieluń refers to the indiscriminate bombing of the polish town of wieluń by the german luftwaffe on 1 september 1939 .
trained from the time he was very young by his father in the ways of the saotome family 's style of musabetsu kakutō ryū kenpo ( " school of indiscriminate grappling , " more commonly known in the west as " anything goes martial arts " ) , ranma is a master of several styles of martial arts , utilizing a blend of chinese and japanese techniques .
the japanese still proceeded with a widespread indiscriminate massacre of the chinese population though .
the nets are indiscriminate in what they catch and the heavy weights and nets are harmful to the benthic terrain and its inhabitants .
brazilian president itamar franco strongly opposed the un decision , saying " the security council 's special powers should not be invoked in an indiscriminate manner in the name of a ' search for more rapid means ' to respond to attacks on democracy , because it violates the basic principles of peaceful co - existence between nations and normal un legal procedures . "
ikewise , in " the other side " , an episode of stargate sg-1 , the eurondans are portrayed as white supremacists who have created a purified nordic - like population , planning to annihilate other peoples , who they refer to as " breeders " because of their indiscriminate breeding , in rejection of eugenics .
for one , a significant part of the population , not necessarily criminals , went through labor camps , and massive indiscriminate amnesties after the death of stalin resulted in a penetration of the subculture of convicts into everyday life in the form of a shock wave .
while robert fisk cited some hypotheses of the groups behind the killings , the b"russell"s tribunal claimed that the wave of assassinations was " non - partisan and non - sectarian , targeting women as well as men , countrywide , indiscriminate of expertise : professors of geography , history and arabic literature as well as science are among the dead . "
right from 2004 , having seen the injustice meted to telangana regions with respect to diversion of water from krishna and godavari rivers to non - telangana regions , the way indian national congress party sidelined the separate statehood for telangana in spite of indian national congress party came to power with promise to separate telangana state with seat sharing with trs born to fight for telangana state in 2004 elections , indiscriminate sales of telangana region government / public lands with no proper representation to telangana region people in local jobs of telangana region including administrative and bureaucratic nominated posts , devender goud strongly perceived that telangana leaders should fight against injustice meted to telangana regions .
in order to prevent random and indiscriminate showering of arrows on husain 's camp which had women and children in it , husain 's followers went out to single combats .
indiscriminate river sand - mining in the area has led to the drying of the riverbeds and destruction of breeding grounds of fish stock in both the nila and tutha rivers , limiting fresh water and fishing opportunities .
epicureans observed that indiscriminate indulgence sometimes resulted in negative consequences .
as of late , however , the mujahideen army has distanced itself from the al - qaida - led islamic state of iraq and its indiscriminate killings and uncompromising salafist ideology .
