burt was indicted by the federal government on september 2 , 1970 for sabotage , destruction of government property , and conspiracy .
after being indicted on may 16 , 1988 , he was tried , convicted and received a death sentence for each murder from a jury in rockingham county .
the indicted include mousa mohammed abu marzook , senior member of hamas , believed to be currently in damascus , syria and considered a fugitive by the us .
martin was indicted for having paid webber a total of $ 280,000 between 1988–1993 , which included time from webber 's freshman year at detroit country day school in to his sophomore year at michigan .
twenty - one members and associates , including howie winter and his right - hand man and bookkeeper , salvatore sperlinga , were indicted by federal prosecutors in 1979 .
of the 24 directors of ig farben indicted in the so - called ig farben trial ( 1947 - 1948 ) before a u.s. military tribunal at the subsequent nuremberg trials , 13 were sentenced to prison terms between one and eight years .
veco executives indicted , plead guilty .
in 1987 , he and two other virginia athletes were indicted on cocaine distribution charges .
the grand jury indicted bockting on four counts of sexual assault on a minor under 14 years of age .
in fall 1960 , squillante was indicted on extortion charges .
on february 13 , 2006 , the lucas county district court of ohio indicted noe , along with his business partner , timothy lapointe .
in march 2004 prosecutors indicted hachitani and momii for professional negligence .
jackson was another loan shark and enforcer who worked for destefano and had been indicted on a hijacking charge .
the government indicted brown to make an example of him , despite a lack of proper evidence .
on june 26 , 2008 , mike thompson along with district attorney william r. " billy " coenen ( born july 1 , 1947 ) of the fifth judicial district and a resident of rayville and engineer terry denmon of monroe were indicted by a federal grand jury in shreveport for having conspired secretly to purchase land along what would become poverty point reservoir and then selling the land at an elevated price .
in 1928 , keyes was indicted for bribery ( in connection with the julian petroleum scandal ) , and fitts resigned effective nov. 30 of that year to become a special prosecutor in that case .
in october 2009 , the senate of nigeria indicted diezani allison - madueke and recommended prosecution for the alleged transfer of n1.2 billion into the private account of a toll company without due process and in breach of concession agreement .
moreno is the only person indicted for the events denounced , even though many other persons were involved .
in 1985 , frank jr. was indicted for racketeering with thomas agro and joseph armone .
the identity of public official a has not been officially released and the official has not been indicted , but a judge has confirmed that the person is former illinois governor rod blagojevich .
in addition , two former employees and one former contractor were indicted for purposely deceiving nuclear regulatory commission ( nrc ) inspectors in multiple documents ( including one videotape ) over several years , hiding evidence that the reactor pressure vessel was being seriously corroded by boric acid .
li hui , finding out he was to be indicted , reported this to emperor xuanzong through emperor xuanzong 's sister li chiying ( 李持盈 ) the princess yuzhen and gao , defending himself .
nicholas was indicted for felony drug , conspiracy , and securities fraud .
in bergen county , new jersey , a grand jury indicted burr for murder in november 1804 , but the new jersey supreme court quashed the indictment on a motion from colonel ogden .
while voorhis was indicted for the failure of the banks , he was ultimately acquitted .
in september , 2007 , all four men convicted in the federal case were also indicted by the surry county grand jury on state felony charges relating to dog fighting under state laws after indictments were returned by a local grand jury in surry county , virginia .
among its reactions , serbia recalled its ambassadors from countries that recognised kosovo for consultations for several months , indicted the kosovar leaders on charges of high treason , and announced plans to litigate the case at the international court of justice .
hatch was indicted on september 8 , 2005 .
they were indicted on ten counts including conspiracy to commit the murder of president j. r. jayawardene , and attempting to commit the murder of lalith athulathmudali .
on october 16 , 1989 , riggi , his sons , and two of their close associates , family underboss girolamo " jimmy " palermo and soldier salvatore timpani , were indicted on federal racketeering charges alleging organized crime control of segments of the construction industry through local 394 .
the " serpent " , fearful of being indicted for cruelty , hurried the process along by ordering " the handmaiden of christ " to be placed on the patibulum of a cross .
billy provided evidence and testified against tim scully and nick sand and they were both indicted in april 1973 .
in february 1973 , accetturo was indicted for loansharking and extortion , as he was eventually arrested in miami , florida , with his bail set at $ 10,000 .
abdul - malik spoke up in 2003 in defense of abdul rahman al - amoudi , founder of the american muslim council , who was indicted on charges of engaging in illegal financial transactions with libya .
the european union ( eu ) notes that the only pre - condition and obstacle for serbia 's access to the eu is serbia 's cooperation with the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) , and the object of that obstacle and condition is the extradition of indicted ratko mladić and goran hadžić for crimes against humanity , the last two persons sought by the icty .
the pisones had been longtime supporters of the claudians , and had allied themselves with the young octavian after his marriage to livia , the mother of tiberius ; germanicus 's death and accusations indicted the new princeps .
in 2000 , mannarino and many other decavalcante members and associates were indicted on federal racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations ( rico ) charges .
in january 2009 , the school 's football coach , david jason stinson , was indicted with a charge of reckless homicide in the death of lineman max gilpin , who collapsed during practice in august 2008 when the heat index reached 94 .
he was indicted for high treason , 7 february , 1584 , but for some reason , not tried .
an additional 37 men were indicted for their involvement in activities in other parts of holmes county , and in nearby knox and coshocton counties .
the court session began on 3 july , and the grand jury indicted five of the defendants for murder , including michael .
president rodríguez 's approval would reach an all - time low , and he was indicted by the attorney general after leaving office on corruption charges .
although bush was not indicted on criminal charges , a civil action was brought against him and the other silverado directors by the federal deposit insurance corporation ; it was eventually settled out of court , with bush paying $ 50,000 as part of the settlement , the " washington post " reported .
as of 9 may 2007 the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia ( icty ) had passed legally binding verdicts against six people indicted for genocide and crimes committed in srebrenica since 1993 .
he was challenged in the republican primary by gerald edward puckett , who was indicted in early 2008 on charges of improperly using charitable gaming money .
in november 1975 , lombardozzi was indicted on six counts of perjury .
he was indicted in june 2006 , at his own request , for complicity in favoritism the award of a public tender within his commune .
although smith ignored that demand , he found his troubles increasing as a court in richmond , virginia , indicted him in mid-1807 for participating in burr 's conspiracy .
libya ’s isolation became even more pronounced following the 1992 imposition of united nations sanctions designed to force qaddafi to hand over two suspects indicted for the 1988 bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland .
even worse in the public opinion was the fact that the soviet leadership , which had conducted an aggressive war , the winter war , just over a year before , were not indicted at all , making the whole process hypocritical victor 's justice .
vigil - giron and others were indicted on august 19 , 2009 relating to an audit over voter education psa 's produced by a new mexico media consultant for the secretary of state 's office .
moore demanded that the sheriff be indicted for murder and requested that the governor suspend him from office .
on november 21 , 1994 , palmer announced she was launching a campaign committee to run for the seat of indicted u.s. rep. mel reynolds ( d-2 ) and suggested that the then 29-year - old jesse jackson , jr. , who had just moved a few blocks into the 2nd congressional district after mel reynolds ' august 1994 indictment —
on december 7 that same year both men were indicted under the same law that had been used to prosecute oscar wilde .
rivera came to national attention on september 6 , 2007 , when he was indicted and arrested on charges of accepting bribes in exchange for agreeing to direct municipal contracts to an insurance broker acting as a cooperating witness .
while rooted in northern ontario , the story indicted modern industrial civilization as an extension of the european colonization of canada by depicting an entire society 's fall into ruin .
on may 31 , 2006 , the company as well as its principal mike norton and distributors were indicted for distribution of obscenity by the u.s. federal government . " gag factor 15 " was one of the four named movies in the indictment .
williams also produced his own edition , but the british government indicted him and confiscated the pamphlets .
joe conason , in salon.com wrote that during the 2000 senate campaign , ashcroft met with thomas bugel , local president of the council of conservative citizens ( based in missouri ) , to discuss the case of dr. charles t. sell , a st. louis dentist and cofcc member indicted for several crimes including plotting to murder an fbi agent and a federal witness .
also , on october 11 , 2006 , gadahn was indicted on a treason charge by a federal grand jury in santa ana , california making him the first american charged with treason since 1952 .
indicted corrupt leaders are also cheered by the niger delta people .
russian military authorities first publicly accused budanov of raping and murdering kungaeva , and subsequently indicted him only on charges of murder , kidnapping , and abuse of office .
in 1943 , he indicted boston police commissioner joseph f. timilty and six of his subordinates on charges of conspiracy to permit the operation of gambling houses and the registration of bets .
soon after , the oic indicted mcdougal on criminal contempt - of - court charges , and charged her with obstruction of justice .
on thursday , october 3 , 2002 , a federal grand jury in united states district court for the district of oregon , at portland , oregon , indicted battle , ford , the two bilals , al saoub and lewis .
in march 2004 , washington d.c. indicted gomez on drug trafficking and rico charges . on march 11 , 2004 ,
junior himself is only saved by being indicted by the f.b.i ..
dermod was reported to have gone to the court of king charles i. he was indicted in ireland for high treason , but apparently never apprehended .
in 2002 hapilon and four other asg members -- khadaffy janjalani , hamsiraji marusi sali , aldam tilao , and jainal antel sali , jr. -- were indicted and forehead basted in guam and in the united states for kidnapping and murder .
in 1934 , he was working for a county grand jury impaneled by superior judge ( and later mayor ) fletcher bowron ; his investigation led to fitts himself , whom the jury indicted that year on charges of bribery and perjury .
he was indicted on sixteen felony counts and on may 4 , 1989 , he was initially convicted of three : accepting an illegal gratuity , aiding and abetting in the obstruction of a congressional inquiry , and destruction of documents ( by his secretary , fawn hall , on his instructions ) .
in october 2006 , rezko was indicted along with businessman stuart levine on charges of wire fraud , bribery , money laundering , and attempted extortion as a result of a federal investigation known as " operation board games . "
abu ibrahim has been indicted in the 1982 bombing of pam am flight 830 and has been placed on the fbi 's most wanted list june 2009 .
individuals indicted by icty for genocide in which such charges were withdrawn , with the accused pleading guilty to
spiegel was also one of 12 weather members who were indicted for the “ days of rage ” in chicago , although the charges were later dropped .
eventually , dixon was indicted on three counts : embezzling £ 89 of public moneys , converting moneys to his own use , and stealing coins the property of the queen .
on february 10 , 2006 , clarett was indicted by a franklin county grand jury on two counts of aggravated robbery with gun specifications and five other counts .
prosecutors remained determined to make an example of udall , and in 1885 , he was indicted and convicted on perjury charges , related to a sworn statement he made about the land claim of a fellow mormon .
in december 1996 they were indicted for the murder .
finally , in 1981 , feather was indicted on 11 counts of mail fraud , and the mark eden bust developer disappeared from the market .
after president george w. bush appointed him u.s. attorney , eid oversaw the prosecution of joseph nacchio , the former chairman of the board and chief executive officer of qwest communications international indicted on 42 counts of insider trading ; the conviction is under review by appellate judges .
since inception in january 2002 , the seeking information list also serves this purpose , but with the big difference from the two earlier lists being that the suspected terrorists on this third list need not be fugitives indicted by grand juries in the united states district courts .
in november 1999 , desimone was indicted for issuing false financial statements and counter checks at the hilton hotel and casino , caesar 's hotel and casino and the tropicana hotel and casino in atlantic city , new jersey .
no date for trial has been set ; several of those indicted remain in us custody or on bond .
in march 1998 , following an investigation by the tennessee bureau of investigation , looper was indicted on 14 counts of official misconduct , theft of services and official oppression .
just before the federal trial , a florida grand jury indicted sabretech on 110 counts of manslaughter and 110 counts of third - degree murder ; one for each person who died in the crash .
the state of ohio indicted licavoli , lonardo , ferritto , carabbia and 15 other members of the cleveland family for the greene murder .
at the nuremberg war trials , ley was indicted under count one ( " the common plan or conspiracy to wage an aggressive war in violation of international law or treaties " ) , count three ( war crimes , including among other things " mistreatment of prisoners of war or civilian populations " ) and count four ( " crimes against humanity - murder , extermination , enslavement of civilian populations ; persecution on the basis of racial , religions or political grounds " ) .
the grand jury nonetheless indicted him on march 1 , 1974 .
on the eve of the 1992 presidential election , on october 30 , mr. walsh re - indicted weinberger on one count of " false statements . " the indictment conflicted with longstanding justice department policy of not bringing an indictment of a political figure out of a grand jury after august of an election year .
frederick donahue , one of the hells angels indicted after the incident , evaded capture for six years before surrendering in july 2008 .
several members of the rsk leadership ended up being indicted of war crimes by the icty .
precedent in the fifth circuit court of appeals , the federal appellate court governing the district where lay was indicted , indicates that abatement had to be automatically granted .
he was indicted the following october .
the tocco / zerilli regime lead the detroit mafia while keeping out of the news and its distance form law enforcement until march 15 , 1996 when alleged underboss tony zerilli , his cousin and boss jack tocco and 15 other alleged partnership members and associates were indicted on a 25 count racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act indictment , which included conspiracy to control illegal gambling within the detroit area over the last 30 years , more involvement with hidden casino interests in las vegas and charges related to the defendant 's alleged involvement with the criminal organization known as the " american mafia " or " la cosa nostra " , which is known to run organized crime in the united states .
gladys was indicted in 1964 on charges of conspiracy , suborning perjury , and obstruction of justice .
perle was never indicted for anything related to the incident .
clarkson was brought up on lawyer misconduct charges in 1976 and in 1977 was indicted on numerous accounts of preparing fraudulent tax returns and presenting false claims to the united states department of the treasury .
" criminalization of politics " is a political buzzword in the united states used in the media , by commentators , bloggers as well as by defenders of high - ranking government officials who have been indicted or face criminal or ethical investigations .
bosnian commander sefer halilović was indicted by icty on the basis of superior criminal responsibility ( article 7(3 ) of the statute of the tribunal ) and charged with one count of violation of the laws and customs of war ( article 3 – murder ) , and found not guilty .
angela coleman ( born 1963 in chicago , illinois ) , daughter of new orleans fourth municipal district assessor betty jefferson , was one of four individuals indicted in 2009 by federal grand jury for the u.s. justice department 's eastern district of louisiana .
secretary of defense caspar weinberger was indicted for perjury and later received a presidential pardon from george h.w. bush , days before the trial was to begin .
in 1981 , dinapoli , his brother louis , and maritas , were indicted on labor racketeering and extortion charges in a racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act indictment .
they included andrey babitsky , a dissident russian journalist with the radio liberty , who was indicted on hooliganism after a brawl with two men who picked a fight with him in the moscow vnukovo airport and sentenced to a 15-day arrest , and the chief of the moscow bureau of the arab tv channel al jazeera , who was framed into the possession of a round of ammunition at the airfield in mineralnye vody .
in 1989 , connick and actor paul burke ( abc 's former " naked city " series ) were indicted on racketeering charges for aiding and abetting a gambling operation by returning gambling records to an arrested gambler .
he was indicted in february 2010 on more than 470 charges stemming from his alleged molestation , rape and exploitation of more than 100 child patients , some as young as three months old .
he spoke up for mousa mohammed abu marzook , who was deported in 1997 and indicted years later on charges of arranging financial support for hamas , which the u.s. views as a terrorist organization .
in 1962 they were indicted for pornography and blasphemy .
in 2002 party leader azmi bishara was indicted on the grounds that he " knowingly assisted israeli citizens to enter syria without approval of the minister of interior " and for speeches " made at two different gatherings that were reported by the media , one in umm al - fahm marking the passage of 33 years since the six - day war , and the other in kardaha , syria , marking the first anniversary of the death of syria ’s president , hafez al - assad " praising hezbollah .
in 1998 , petitioner marion stogner was indicted for molesting for acts committed between 1955 and 1973 , under california 's specific statute of limitations .
although indicted , heflin had the charges dismissed .
between the klan and anti- klan participants , 104 people were indicted .
horan was indicted a second time a short time later on the same charges .
libby resigned all three government positions immediately after he was indicted on federal charges of obstruction and perjury resulting from the grand jury investigation into the leak of the covert identity of central intelligence agency officer valerie plame .
the following may , cooper was indicted for making the bomb threats and arraigned for a federal grand jury .
when he visits mr. pensky , it turns out that the entire board of the company has been indicted and the company ca n't hire anyone .
in 2006 nayfeld 's son - in - law , marat krivoi , was indicted for the 1992 murders of boris roitman and thien diep .
on february 7 , 1990 , marino was indicted in federal court in chicago on racketeering charges in a sweep indictment of mobsters .
he was indicted two other times for murder , but never convicted .
on april 28 , 2008 , judge lee issued the warrant and ordered the arrest of former basilan representative gerry salapuddin , police officer 1 bayan judda , jaharun jamiri and benjamin hataman , all indicted with multiple murder and multiple frustrated murder cases before the court .
although black was not indicted while serving as speaker , the situation drew ire from the north carolina republican party , which involved the scandal in their november election campaigns .
nipon 's fall was as rapid as his rise ; in 1984 , he was indicted for tax evasion and bribery in an investigation of the philadelphia irs office and served time in a federal penitentiary .
in 1988 , then united states attorney rudy giuliani indicted the helmsleys and two of their associates on several tax - related charges , as well as extortion .
in march 2001 , a grand jury indicted knoller and noel .
cloyd and hughes were subsequently indicted by a miami - dade county grand jury on one count each of operating an aircraft while intoxicated .
in september 1983 , tucker and garrett were indicted and tried separately for the murders .
dennis was indicted for murder and attempted murder ( for a previous robbery attempt that night ) on june 21 , 1994 and convicted of aggravated murder for the slaying of kyle .
on june 27 , 2008 , bond was indicted on 65 charges related to money laundering , identity theft , and mail fraud in new york , new york .
to date all 150 indicted members of bmf have been arrested .
in 1994 , weiss was indicted on mail fraud charges .
in june 1998 , a rarely invoked one - man grand jury was convened , and after 18 months ( in june 2000 ) michael skakel was indicted for the murder of martha moxley .
in early 2007 pearlman was indicted on several fraud charges .
stack and the union city police were the subject of controversy in july 2005 when it was discovered that stack had received two campaign contributions totalling $ 3,500 from luisa medrano , a tavern owner indicted on 31 counts for running an illegal immigrant smuggling ring out of her two bergenline avenue taverns , el puerto de la union ii in guttenberg , and el paisano bar and nightclub in union city .
in that office , he was indicted four times between february 2000 and april 2002 on corruption charges including bribery , mail fraud and conspiracy .
on february 20 , 2003 , university of south florida computer engineering professor dr. sami al - arian was arrested after being indicted on 50 terrorism - related charges .
after the life convictions of powerful family captains philip " phil " abramo and giuseppe " pino " schifilliti , along with then - consigliere vitabile , federal authorities recognized guarraci as the prominent acting boss of the decavalcante crime family , with miranda as the reputed acting underboss on behalf of the newly indicted girolamo palermo , as well as identifying local new jersey soldier frank d'amato as the new consigliere of the family .
five suspects , patrick pugh , george morales , victor tossas , terrance scott and talique jackson , were later arrested and indicted for assault , menacing and criminal possession offenses .
paul castellano was indicted for ordering the murder of demeo , as well as a host of other crimes , but he was killed in december 1985 while out on bail in the middle of the first trial .
however , in the shipbuilding scandal of 1954 ( under pressure from prime minister yoshida ) , inukai refused to approve of the prosecution of ex - prime minister sato eisaku , who had been indicted for corruption and misuse of public funds .
he was not indicted by a grand jury .
on july 7 , 2004 , lay was indicted by a grand jury on 11 counts of securities fraud and related charges .
after guy ballard 's death , his wife and son were indicted for 18 counts of fraud .
on august 13 , 2009 , price was indicted for perjury in a case against gary kopp , owner of price maintained his innocence and refused to resign even as the " times - picayune " editorially urged him to do so .
among the indicted were the reputed acting bosses jackie d'amico , nicholas corozzo and consigliere joseph corozzo of the gambino crime family .
by 1942 , u.s. sugar was indicted for peonage in federal court , though the charges were eventually dismissed on a technicality .
the alleged ringleader albert gonzalez was indicted in august 2009 with attacking heartland payment systems in which 130 million records were compromised -- the new biggest attack in history .
drew was indicted and convicted in 2008 on the matter , but then acquitted in 2009 .
jorge 40 was indicted for masterminding the massacre of over 60 natives from the aboriginal wayuu and wiwa tribes in la guajira and magdalena provinces .
in 2001 , koshimori was arrested and indicted for another act of bribery , for which he was forced to resign and succeeded by tōru gambara .
in november 1917 porte and william augustus casson were indicted in london 's central criminal court on charges of profiteering under the prevention of corruption act , 1906 .
company asked for a hearing before the f.d.a. dr. george c. nichopoulos was indicted for prescribing dexamyl and preludin to singer jerry lee lewis in
list of people indicted .
two family members , the cousins eric and alex mansur , have been indicted by the u.s. attorney in puerto rico .
a grand jury indicted richey for aggravated murder with a specification alleging murder in the course of arson , aggravated arson , breaking and entering ( the greenhouse where he is alleged to have obtained gasoline and paint thinner to start the fire ) , involuntary manslaughter , and child endangering .
in 1629 he was one of the counsel for seven of the nine members of the house of commons ( including sir john eliot and denzil holles ) who were then indicted for making seditious speeches in parliament .
former additional solicitor general r k trivedi on tuesday said the indictment of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee by the liberhan commission was " legally wrong".talking to reporters here , trivedi expressed surprise over the figuring of vajpayee 's name in the list of those indicted by the commission .
mccarran subsequently pushed very strongly for lattimore to be indicted for alleged acts of perjury during his testimony .
yasin was later indicted for the attack , and in 2001 he was placed on the initial list of the fbi most wanted terrorists , on which he remains today .
janjalani was indicted in the united states district court for the district of columbia , for his alleged involvement in terrorist acts , including hostage kidnapping and murder , against united states nationals and other foreign nationals in and around the republic of the philippines .
a grand jury indicted the rape suspects .
governor guy carleton criticized both dejean and hamilton for unjust and illegal acts , and they were both indicted in montreal for " being tyrannical and acting illegally "
romano – the only military officer among the 26 u.s. nationals indicted – has refused to comment on the allegations . “ i have nothing to say , ” he has said , referring questions about the “ alleged incident that i ’m supposedly involved in ” to air force senior leadership and the service ’s public affairs office .
in 1995 , martorano and six other men was indicted as active participants in activities of the winter hill gang and patriarca crime family .
investigators suspected that she was murdered because she threatened to reveal what she knew about the over - valuing of horses , which would have led authorities to the string of horse killings perpetrated by richard bailey , a man who was later indicted for a role in her murder .
later , decavalcante was indicted with over 50 of his associates , including polizzi , and sentenced to five years in prison , however , with his release in the early 1970s , riggi had taken over the family and decavalcante himself had relocated to florida .
notorious range " detective " tom horn , who often spent time in the upper chugwater valley as a " bronc buster " , was suspected for both murders but never indicted .
in 2005 , he had to quit the post of rector , when he was indicted on bribery charges ..
in 1998 , milan judge guido salvini indicted u.s. navy officer david carrett on charges of political and military espionage for his participation in the piazza fontana bombing et al .
13 men and women , ranging in age from their early 50s to mid-70s , were arrested and indicted in japan for buying votes in an election .
as of today 's date , nobody was ever indicted or formally charged with the arson blaze that consumed the tomato pizza .
salvador " sal " magluta and augusto " willy " falcon operated one of the most significant cocaine trafficking organizations in south florida history . they were indicted by a federal grand jury in april 1991 for a plethora of drug trafficking crimes , including operating a continuing criminal enterprise . they were accused of importing and distributing over 75 tons of cocaine , or over 68,181 kilograms ( 150,000 lbs ) .
the pma suffered a crucial blow in 1937 when 39 members were indicted in federal court on anti - racketeering charges .
according to a spokesman for the tom hurndall foundation , this will allow them to decide whether hayb could be indicted for the more serious charge of murder , and to find out if responsibility for hurndall 's death lies higher up the chain of command .
most of the bosnian serb wartime leadership biljana plavšić , momčilo krajišnik , radoslav brđanin , duško tadić were indicted and judged guilty for war crimes and ethnic cleansing .
on october 27 , 2005 , noe was indicted in a federal investigation on counts of conspiracy , conduit contribution violations , and false statements .
schillaci was indicted on sexual assault charges on november 4 , 1999 and a bench warrant was issued for his arrest a month later for failing to appear in court .
during its entire existence , the firm was embrioled in controversy and eventually was closed after veon was indicted with criminal charges .
on 14 september 2006 , the tokyo district public prosecutor ’s office indicted four former executives of the mitutoyo corporation .
the priest escaped in the confusion but his hostess was arrested and put on trial at the old bailey on 26 february , either 1601 or 1602 , indicted for harbouring a priest .
also indicted were joe bonanno , john bonventre , carmine galante , gaspare magaddino , john priziola , raffaele quasarano , frank coppola and joe adonis .
the focal point of this program revolves around the way government operates in the ocean state and how it plays out in the lives of these two individuals , with the mayor trying to deal with a corruption scandal that resulted in his ex - deputy mayor being indicted , his police chief under fire for letting a famous baseball player go after a dui only to find out later after that melee that the aforementioned driver was involved in a hit - and - run , and to make matters worse , the person who witnessed the hit - and - run was found dead with a gun that was stolen from the mayor 's home .
during the roosevelt administration , he was indicted for tax evasion and , after pleading guilty , was sentenced to three years .
meanwhile jane and guilford had been indicted , and after all these developments , jane submitted a letter of explanation to queen mary , " asking forgiveness ... for the sin she was accused of , informing her majesty about the truth of events . "
victor verier , indicted in essex county , january , 1919 , for the murder of elizabeth verier in lawrence , massachusetts , december 14 , 1918 .
in 2002 , bradford was indicted and later acquitted of perjury charges , stemming from an incident in which he allegedly lied under oath about cursing fellow officers .
it was reported that the jain commission had indicted dravid munnetra kazhagam ( dmk ) for its ties with ltte , the organization involved in the assassination of rajiv gandhi .
benny in turn lost the property when he was indicted on racketeering charges in 1982 .
several weeks later , twenty - eight people , either members of the swp or local 544 ( or both ) were indicted by a federal grand jury with violation of the 1861 sedition act , which had never before been used , and the 1940 smith act .
in 2005 anthony was indicted for a illegal gambling and loansharking enterprise stretching from brooklyn to queens , new york , manhattan , new york and staten island which earned $ 210,000 a week from january 2003 to july 2004 .
enmund and the armstrongs were indicted for first - degree murder and robbery .
he had then been indicted without a preliminary hearing .
on two separate occasions , diven was accused and staff members were indicted for forging signatures on nominating petitions .
on 21 june 1681 , the grand jury of middlesex again indicted him for murder , and he could not now claim privilege of peerage a second time .
the original eight protester / defendants , indicted by the grand jury on march 20 , 1969 , were abbie hoffman , jerry rubin , david dellinger , tom hayden , rennie davis , john froines , lee weiner , and bobby seale .
neighbouring cheshire , for instance , also suffered from economic problems and religious activists , but there only 47 individuals were indicted for causing harm by witchcraft between 1589 and 1675 , of whom 11 were found guilty .
indicted only weeks after his stunt , it emerged that he had accepted $ 36,050 in bribes .
in october 2002 , bilal was indicted and shortly thereafter arrested in detroit .
he won a new trial after 40 years incarceration because black people were excluded from the 1961 grand jury that indicted him .
a decade later , awda was among the second and most recent group of indicted fugitives to be added to the fbi most wanted terrorists list on february 24 , 2006 , along with pij secretary - general ramadan abdullah mohammad shallah .
brooks killed him , and was indicted for manslaughter .
later 16 activists in arizona were indicted , including fife and corbett in 1985 ; 11 were brought to trial and 8 were convicted of alien smuggling and other charges .
he had been indicted two months earlier on charges of official misconduct and failure to report a bribe .
it made it high treason for a person who had been indicted for treason to escape from prison ( whether they were guilty of the original allegation of treason or not ) .
on november 23 , 1981 , six men were indicted on racketeering charges .
on october 2 , 2002 , weaver was indicted and charged with : six counts of aggravated murder ; two counts of abuse of a corpse in the second degree ; one count of sexual abuse in the first degree ; one count of attempted rape in the second degree ; one count of attempted aggravated murder ; one count of first degree attempted rape ; one count of sexual abuse in the first degree ; one count of sexual abuse in the second degree ; and two counts of sexual abuse in the third degree .
one accused could be convicted by a jury who supported the existing law , while another person indicted for the same offence could be acquitted by a jury who , with reformist zeal , wished to express disapproval of the same law .
people have invested literally millions in his scheme and as a result of his investment fraud he has recently been indicted by the state of south carolina .
four weeks into the strike , five union miners were indicted on federal charges for conspiracy in the dynamiting of a section of the norfolk and western railway on which non - union coal was being carried .
in 1995 , watt was indicted on 25 counts of felony perjury and obstruction of justice by a federal grand jury .
eliana castaldo ( b. 11/14/1969 in florida ) is a united states intelligence officer , indicted by an italian magistrate for involvement in the so - called " imam rapito affair " , in which an egyptian cleric , hassan mustafa osama nasr , was abducted from the streets of milan on february 17 , 2003 , and then sent to egypt where he was allegedly tortured , in violation of italian law , although with the collusion of italian intelligence agents .
in 2003 , barry bonds became embroiled in a scandal when greg anderson of the bay area laboratory co - operative ( balco ) , bonds ' trainer since 2000 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in the united states district court for the northern district of california and charged with supplying anabolic steroids to athletes , including a number of baseball players .
the government of croatia , under prime minister sanader , improved its relations with the us , which were strained under former prime minister račan due to račan 's refusal to accept an american pact calling for us soldiers to not face extradition to the international criminal court if indicted .
during the kosovo war he was indicted on 27 may 1999 , for war crimes and crimes against humanity allegedly committed in kosovo , and he was standing trial , up until his death , at the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia .
in july 1920 , he and david gideon were indicted after their gambling house in hewletts was raided by neil h. vandewater , council for the nassau county association , along with state troopers and several of his friends .
in 1966 , he was indicted for distributing obscene poetry to minors .
in december 1997 , cisneros was indicted on 18 counts of conspiracy , giving false statements and obstruction of justice .
the former chairman , harold w. greenwood jr. , donald j. snede , charlotte e. masica , and robert a. mampel were indicted on federal fraud and conspiracy charges involving financial losses at the failed
they were detained and indicted with sabotage and attempting to bring down the government .
a local bank leaked bank records showing , which led to faughn being indicted on four felony charges of forgery of the name of faughn 's ex - wife 's cousin in stealing funds from a highway 67 related account .
on january 4 , 1996 , jack meador , jane cook , and their lawyer , john torigian , were indicted for " conspiring to receive , possess , conceal , store , barter , sell and dispose of stolen goods and for receiving , possessing , concealing , storing , bartering , selling and disposing of stolen goods . "
a person may not be indicted for misprision of treason committed within the united kingdom unless the indictment is signed within three years of the commission of that offence .
" it is implied that he is involved in illegal activities based on the facts that he was indicted by the grand jury and was seen having large amount of cash readily available .
in july 2008 , ramaley was one of 12 individuals indicted by pennsylvania attorney general tom corbett as part of the 2006 pennsylvania general assembly bonus controversy .
in 1825 he was indicted for the murder of a family acquaintance , but never went to trial .
he then served in the administration of mayor kwame kilpatrick from 2002 , where he served as liaison to the city council and as deputy chief of staff , before being appointed chief of staff january 29 , 2008 after former chief of staff christine beatty resigned after being indicted for perjury alongside kilpatrick , who despite requests to resign from all directions has refused to leave his post .
in january 2007 , the justice department announced that seale had been indicted for federal kidnapping and conspiracy charges in connection with the case .
mcgee was subsequently indicted on nine felony counts .
the special assistant to the attorney general , william maloney convened the first grand jury investigation , which indicted 28 individuals .
in 1945 , leon guinto , sr . was indicted as a war criminal for collaborating with the japanese forces .
melton was also indicted on three gun charges — a felony for carrying his weapon onto a college campus , two misdemeanors for the church and public park — the same day .
eventually the mcnamara brothers were indicted and clarence darrow was brought in to defend the case .
later , in 1985 , worthen was indicted of having administered several million dollars ' worth of illegal , preferential loans to companies owned by the riadys .
on may 31 , 1972 , three " carabinieri " were killed in peteano in a bombing , blamed at the time on " lotta continua " by officers of the " carabinieri " , some of whom were later indicted and convicted for diverting the investigation in false directions .
in march 1995 , a bronx grand jury indicted livoti on charges of manslaughter in the second degree .
prosecuting the gang has been historically difficult , because many members are already serving life sentences with no possibility of parole , so prosecutors were seeking the death penalty for 21 of those indicted but have dropped the death penalty on all but five defendants .
in the 2006 election , thomas was critical of incumbent republican paul ryan and other politicians who had received money from tom delay ’s americans for a republican majority political action committee and from indicted lobbyist jack abramoff .
princess indicted for helping the nazis
myerson was herself indicted and resigned her positions with the city of new york .
three leaders of the cdf have been indicted at the special court for sierra leone , more specificially samuel hinga norman ( head of the cdf ) , moinina fofana ( second in command ) and allieu kondewa ( military commander of the cdf ) .
he was dealing in heroin that made him one of the largest and wealthiest dealers in new york that included gerlando sciascia , alphonse indelicato , cesare bonventre and others who would later be indicted in the pizza connection trial .
in 1987 he was indicted for his role in the accident , but in 1989 he was found not responsible .
in august 1985 , authorities in new jersey indicted anthony accetturo , martin and michael taccetta , and eighteen of the men who ran the new jersey faction of the new york based lucchese crime family .
democrat nick lampson won in 2006 when the 11-term republican incumbent , former house majority leader tom delay , was indicted .
six flags great adventure and its parent company six flags were subsequently indicted for aggravated manslaughter , accused of recklessly causing the deaths by taking inadequate precautions against a fire .
in 1874 , governor moses was indicted for misappropriation of state funds , but he called for three companies of the black militia in columbia to prevent his arrest .
on march 21 , 1986 , migliore was indicted for extortion and bid rigging with genovese crime family front boss anthony " fat tony " salerno and a host of soldiers and labor official associates .
carneglia was indicted on charges of narcotics trafficking , obstruction of justice , racketeering , and operating a continuing criminal narcotics enterprise .
by 1995 , the ahsa ( now usef ) had expelled a number of members who had been indicted for various crimes connected with the horse murders , including marion hulick , george lindemann jr. barney ward , and paul valliere .
on november 17 , 2009 , elwell and alleged middleman ronald manzo were formally indicted on three counts : conspiracy to commit extortion , attempted extortion , and accepting corrupt payments in connection with a business transaction with a municipality that received federal funds .
he fought to maintain the republican party rule that requires an indicted leader to step down — the rule that ultimately resulted in tom delay 's resignation .
he was formerly associated with livedoor and was indicted in the scandal involving securities law violations .
on october 30 , 2008 , he was indicted by a grand jury and announced by patrick j. fitzgerald on charges of conspiring with tony rezko to shakedown capri capital to raise funds for rod blagojevich ( identified in the indictment as " public official a " ) .
melton and bodyguards michael recio and marcus wright were indicted on september 15 , 2006 , on multiple felony charges in the ridgeway street demolition , including burglary , conspiracy and the inducement of a minor to commit a felony .
the officer was informed that the equipment had been taken in an armed robbery , for which hicks was later indicted .
sure , as a columnist , you can get people indicted and even free the wrongly accused .
