often a remnant of the old inflection can be seen in the spelling in the form of a silent ‹e› , which may be thought of synchronically as a marker of the voicing .
weak neuter nouns have almost been lost , with only strong remaining , and therefore inflection for case is basically nonexistent .
at the grammatical level , differences may involve pronunciation , inflection , and/or syntax ( sentence structure ) .
when so pronounced , it is always derisive to some extent , with the magnitude of this disdain depending on the inflection of speech .
there are also very few derivational inflection ; instead , the language relies heavily on compounding to create new words .
articles were grouped by a gender inflection that one observer described as " more complex than a japanese verb . "
the verbal inflection is based on two stems : present and past stem .
these are composed of two distinct parts : the " stem " ( or " root , " or " radix ) , " which indicates which verb it is , and the " ending " ( inflection ) , which indicates the verb 's tense and mood and its subject 's person and number , though many endings can correspond to multiple tense - mood - subject combinations .
modern english is considered a weakly inflected language , since its nouns have only vestiges of inflection ( plurals , the pronouns ) , and its regular verbs have only four forms : an inflected form for the past indicative and subjunctive ( " looked " ) , an inflected form for the third - person - singular present indicative ( " looks " ) , an inflected form for the present participle ( " looking " ) , and an uninflected form for everything else ( " look " ) .
the lyrical content includes " a sinister inflection " but " many songs feel fairly uplifting and the overall tone is hopeful . "
nouns in lithuanian language have five declensions which are defined by the inflection in singular nominative and genitive cases .
inflection and derivation are the forms of word formation .
okurigana are written after the initial kanji for verbs and adjectives to give inflection and to help disambiguate a particular kanji 's reading .
virgin green fund is committed to helping companies at an inflection point of substantial growth and/or disruptive innovation .
in analytic geometry , the study of graphs of functions , calculus is used to find high points and low points ( maxima and minima ) , slope , concavity and inflection points .
number system in assamese is either realized as numeral or as nominal inflection , but not both .
constraining the cross - referencing of inflection in a sentence is known as concord or agreement .
евро , евра , еврота – but the most widespread form is евро – without inflection in plural .
in particular , he used these series to characterize maxima , minima , and points of inflection for infinitely differentiable functions .
in addition , there is an inflection point in the graph of the generalized logistic function when
avatars display body language , verbal articulation , and gestures that are triggered by various textual keywords , emotes , and even vocal inflection .
but it certainly has several toddy shops ( colloquially called - " kallu " means toddy and ' shap ' being the malayalam inflection of the english word ' shop ' ) .
specifically , the upward inflection sentence was the most marked symptom of the global valley girl , marking these girls as part of the new global culture , saved mostly for the privileged .
in old english , the second - person singular verb inflection was -es .
the french masculine inflection corresponding to " née " is " né " ; while less readily recognized by non - french - speakers , it is likewise applied to family names changed for any reason .
there are two paradigms for verb inflection .
if a matching inflection is found , the associated root form is returned .
the point at which formula_8 is an inflection point if concavity changes on either side of it .
facts , events , and inflection : when language and memory dissociate .
categorization of points of inflection .
a point where this occurs is called an inflection point .
this is helped by person / number inflection on the verb .
this theory emphasized the play of modal elements against tonal elements , in an effort to allow improvisation , and inflection of standard melodies .
jacob silj was a will ferrell character who suffered from ' voice immodulation syndrome ' , a disease which makes him unable to control the volume or inflection of his voice .
inflection : teacher : i ate the " sandwich . " student : i ate the " sandwiches . "
all other sufficiently - differentiable solutions must have an inflection point on the interval ( -1 , 0 ) .
points of inflection can also be categorised according to whether " f′"("x " ) is zero or not zero .
ikkyu peppers his speech with the inflection " oni " , which is used as an emphatic phrase .
nepal bhasa , for example , spoken in nepal , is a sino - tibetan language distantly related to chinese , but has had so many centuries of contact with neighboring indo - iranian languages that it has even developed noun inflection , a trait typical of the indo - european family but rare in sino - tibetan .
icelandic retains many grammatical features of other ancient germanic languages , and resembles old norwegian before much of its fusional inflection was lost .
a woman 's bust , waist and hips are her physical inflection points , and the ratios of their circumferences , are used to define her basic shape .
hegel 's inflection of desire via stoicism becomes important in understanding desire as it appears in de sade .
however less than the seven locative cases are included in paradigm inflection of many of the postpositions .
morphemes are spelt consistently , following rules inflection and word - formation , and allow readers and writers to understand and produce words they have not previously encountered .
he retained his midwestern inflection and was known for pronouncing his city 's name as “ los ang - gah - leez . ”
in particular , the inflection of the sound " a " can change the meaning significantly . " à "
however , it has no points of inflection because 1 and -1 are not in the domain of the function .
it was during this time that shaggy perfected his signature singing voice , breaking the constant monotony of running and marching cadences with his flair for inflection .
in linguistics , conjugation is the creation of derived forms of a verb from its principal parts by inflection ( regular alteration according to rules of grammar ) .
the two main processes are inflection and derivation .
one formation that has been diachronically connected with the vrkis inflection is cvi , which in panini 's grammar of classical sanskrit refers to a formation where an " ī " is added to a nominal stem and compounded with a verbal root " kr " " to make " , " as " " to be " or " bhū " " to become " , resulting in a factitive verb where the " ī "- stem is indeclinable and used like a preverb .
in linguistics , a light verb is a verb participating in complex predication that has little semantic content of its own , but provides through inflection some details on the event semantics , such aspect , mood , or tense .
inflection for person .
in this model the distinguished point is commonly taken to be an inflection point at infinity ; this amounts to requiring that the curve can be written in tate - weierstrass form , which in its projective version is
thus , a product of e and γ will not contain the necessary information regarding the inflection point of the interaction potential .
this system of language that allows us to determine the arguments of a proposition by inflection is called declension and each form is a case of the declining system .
analytic languages use syntax to convey information that is encoded via inflection in synthetic languages .
" can i borrow a dollar ? " shows common 's earlier style of rapping ; namely a sing - songy and inflection - heavy vocal delivery , as well as lyrics packed with wordplay and popular culture allusions .
verbal inflection today is considerably simpler than in common slavic .
icelandic nouns are much like old norse , both in form and inflection .
meanwhile , magoua french , as described by henri wittmann , retains some indication of grammatical gender , which qualifies as inflection , and it also retains non - transparent derivation .
the inclusive / exclusive distinction is also made throughout the pronominal inflection of verbs in all algonquian languages .
around this time , norwegian declension and inflection became considerably simplified , whereas icelandic ’s did not .
when the line is finally to be delivered , its quality and inflection is derived from the given moment .
it differs from dictionaries in that it analyzes the inflection of each word before translation .
however , unlike the " -ir " verbs , there is no suffix " -iss- " between the root and the inflection , except in the past subjunctive , which is identical to the " -ir " verbs .
inflection . substantives migrate between declensions ; verbs between conjugations .
like all bantu languages , yao has a set form of verbal inflection and a variety of noun classes .
inflection of nouns and adjectives is known as declension .
it was characterized by a system of inflection unlike the other languages , as well as a flexible and liberal use of combining root words to create derivative and compound words by the application of certain agglutinative affixes .
moreover , the defective nature of the script has its benefits : the stable shape of the root words , despite grammatical inflection , results in quicker word recognition and therefore faster reading speeds ; and the lack of short vowels , the sounds which vary the most between arabic dialects , makes texts more widely accessible to a diverse audience .
in new york , the decline of crimes rate started well before rudy giuliani came to power , in 1993 , and none of the decreasing processes had particular inflection under him .
then , to the regular sound of a metronome , and with the same voice inflection , he would read out the syllables , and attempt to recall them at the end of the procedure .
it was written by the two and follows a similar template of most of their hits for other artists , except with a slight 1980s inflection to the music .
below is a representation of three grammatical genders , two numbers and four cases in the nominal inflection .
note that these points need not and in general do not correspond to key - points such as maxima of curvature or inflection points .
in finnish , the verb inflection replaces first and second person pronouns in simple sentences , e.g. " menen " " i go " , " menette " " all of you go " .
in one dimension , a saddle point is a point which is both a stationary point and a point of inflection .
in cases where the destination and goal pitches are reduced to starting and stopping points as in james tenney 's cellogram , or points of inflection , as in the sirens of varèse 's hyperprism , the term portamento ( conjuring a decorative effect ) seems hardly adequate for what is a sonorous object in its own right and these are called glissando .
inflection in munsee is realized through the use of prefixes and suffixes added to word stems to indicate grammatical information , including number ( singular or plural ) , gender , person , possession , negation , obviation , and others .
tone is not lexically distinctive for verbs , but it is very important in verbal inflection and in some other parts of grammar .
mixed inflection .
articles and determiners agree in gender and number with the noun they determine ; and , unlike with nouns , this inflection is made in speech as well as in writing .
it includes preprocessing ( text normalization , replacing collocations , replacing proper nouns ) , translation engine ( identifying surnames , identifying titles , lexicon lookup , word sense disambiguation , inflection analysis , transliteration ) and post processing module .
english , having lost its inflection , does not have much morphophonology .
while originally voicing stan without any computer manipulation , parker now speaks within his normal vocal range while adding a child - like inflection .
one of the most popular such films ever made , it gave a new ( and characteristically indian inflection ) to the american pop - critical term “
hale wrote also " the sequence of tenses in latin " ( 1887 - 1888 ) , " the anticipatory subjunctive in greek and latin " ( 1894 ) , and a " latin grammar " ( 1903 ) , to which the parts on sounds , inflection and word - formation were contributed by carl darling buck .
these are added after inflection for number .
the portuguese personal pronouns and possessives display a higher degree of inflection than other parts of speech .
compared to its progenitor , swedish grammar is much less characterized by inflection .
word formation is a process , as we have said , where you combine two complete words , whereas with inflection you can combine a suffix with some verb to change its form to subject of the sentence .
nominal inflection .
for example , english nouns are said to be uninflected in the singular , while they show inflection in the plural ( represented by the affix " -s/-es " ) .
some times an extra column is included to add inflection comments for the dubbing director .
" this comes from the man who never sings the same way twice , who tirelessly seeks that new inflection , that unheard - of scale , the change of tone that best matches the desired feeling and intentions at a given moment .
pie nouns , as well as adjectives and pronouns , are subject to the system of pie nominal inflection , inflecting for eight or nine cases : nominative , accusative , vocative , genitive , dative , instrumental , ablative , locative , and possibly a directive or allative .
a non - stationary point of inflection can be visualised if the graph " y " = " x"3 is rotated slightly about the origin .
each conjugation class has its own distinctive set of 50 or so inflection suffixes : " cant / ar " → " cant / ou " ( " he sang " ) , " vend / er " → " vend / eu " ( " he sold " ) , " part / ir " → " part / iu " ( " he left " ) , " rep / or " → " rep / ôs " ( " he put back " ) .
the shipment of the first helicos system to expression analysis in march and the publication of an april report in science magazine that explored the first single molecule sequencing of the m13 viral genome using tsms technology were inflection points for the company in 2008 , as these milestones marked important achievements in genomic analysis and measurement science .
verbal inflection today is considerably simpler than in old russian .
more precisely , they never contain any inflection points .
it has fairly regular noun inflection rules to indicate number ( singular or plural ) , and many semi - regular ones to express biological sex or social gender , size , endearment , deprecation , etc .
the actor makes this count boti a veritable frenchman , every intonation and inflection , every motion , look , and gesture being exact . "
the call of this species resembles a short laughing noise , similar to that of the peron 's tree frog , however without a downward inflection .
hegel 's inflection of desire via stoicism becomes important in understanding desire as it appears in de sade .
the points that separate intervals of opposing concavity are points of inflection .
δse = 0 ( that is , in the long run the expected change of inflection is equal to zero )
the inflection point is the point corresponding to the fastest change in yield .
in addition , " mr. gilbert is a perfect autocrat , insisting that his words should be delivered , even to an inflection of the voice , as he dictates .
the inflection of adjectives in northern austro - bavarian differ depending on whether the adjective is preceded by a definite article or a demonstrative , or if it is preceded by an indefinite article or a possessive , or if it is used as a predicate , of which the latter is only present in some varieties .
in grammar , inflection or inflexion is the modification of a word to express different grammatical categories such as tense , mood , voice , aspect , person , number , gender and case .
is the grammatical designation of a shva which does not comply with all criteria characterizing a shva na ( specifically , one marked under a letter following a letter marked with a " short " , not a " long " , niqqud - variant ) , but which does , like a shva na , supersede a vowel ( or a shva na ) that exists in the basic form of a word but not after this word underwent inflection or declension .
the staccato delivery , harsh tone and rising inflection of the dalek voice were initially developed by voice actors peter hawkins and david graham , who would vary the pitch and speed of the lines according to the emotion needed .
since the meaning and the words never vary , except for the spelling and inflection of " populus " in literature , latin dictionaries classify it as a formula .
inflection .
there is some question over which inflection to use when assimilating latin and greek words .
the retail business in india is currently at the point of inflection .
inflection .
altaic inflection is , or is developed from , affixing .
below are given examples of the use of the possessive inflection , the use of the ergative case for possessors and the use of fourth person possessors .
one drawback of the production technique is that there is no guarantee the inflection is real .
in the algonquian languages , preverbs can be described as phonologically separate words which may precede a verb and share its inflection .
at the end of the play , as katherina delivers her speech , she does so as if she has learned it , without any emotion or inflection .
alternatively , the parameter " c " can be interpreted by saying that the two inflection points of the function occur at " x " = " b " − " c " and " x " = " b " + " c " .
in areas of holocene subsidence and deposition ( fig . 2 ) the initial gradient will be lower than the average until it reaches an inflection point where it joins the stabilized heat - flow regime .
by a mode of compounding locutions which is not confined to joining two words together , as in the greek , or varying the inflection or termination of a radical word as in the most european languages , but by interweaving together the most significant sounds or syllables of each simple word , so as to form a compound that will awaken in the mind at once all the ideas singly expressed by the words from which they are taken .
others , often those that convey grammatical information through inflection , allow more flexibility which can be used to encode pragmatic information such as topicalisation or focus .
inflection vs. word formation .
for proper nouns other than those referring to people , the genitive is constructed by inflection , like the common nouns .
west 's rapping is described as " a snoop - meets - hova flow , twisting up his words with the patented ' izz ' inflection . "
as of lately , an increasing number verbs formerly conjugated with a strong inflection has been subject to be conjugated with its weak equivalent form in colloquial speech .
the key to the show was peary , whose booming voice and facility with moans , groans , laughs , shudders and inflection was as close to body language and facial suggestion as a voice could get .
they are also used in the inflection of verbs to indicate the actor .
the basic template for this inflection is the order subject - mood - root .
the sample verb is intransitive " dauṛnā " " to run " , and the sample inflection is 3rd .
the vocal style can be seen as an amalgamation of african language and inflection into an american rock and funk context .
in the latter , there is an overall decline in inflection , apparently including a loss of past - tense verb forms .
weak inflection .
optional inflection .
and no verb inflection to signal gender .
this is an overt inflection .
many verbs , however , only have one stem when spoken , remaining distinct only in writing , meaning that inflection is based mainly on the use of verbal auxiliaries .
since it is a point of inflection , it is not a local extremum .
in moving figures , sway is commonly achieved as a natural result of body swing , but small amounts from other sources may be useful as an inflection .
this facilitated the expansion of english vocabulary , the development of inflection and syntax and the ever - widening gap between the spoken and the written word .
played by the long - necked uma thurman , she 's less vixen than ninny - a smooth operator whose maneuvers seem to issue not from shrewdness or intelligence but from a microchip that allows her to robotically spout her lines with careful inflection .
note , that in this case the palatalization mark ( the letter " i " ) is marked as a part of the inflection .
it also include 's dentice 's opinions on inflection in musica ficta , and the practice of monody later developed by caccini and others .
the point where a new trend is initiated is called a strategic inflection point by andy grove .
verbalisation involves re - analysing the entire coverb - including its suffix " -ma " , which serves merely to indicate that it is unmarked for aspect - as a verb root , and then to apply the usual obligatory verbal inflection affixes for person , number and tense .
although inflection and intonation may be less rigid or monotonic than in autism , people with as often have a limited range of intonation : speech may be unusually fast , jerky or loud .
sc - cut crystals have an inflection point of ~92 °c .
activities were varied and lively , examples including the use of jigsaw pieces to teach inflection , making spider webs to display how latin and english words were connected , making road signs to teach imperatives , and inventing ancient menus to introduce vocabulary and aspects of ancient culture .
fellow 's generally will leave their previous careers and use the opportunity provided by the fellowship program as a point of inflection along their career paths .
strong inflection .
while " running " might be easy to stem to " run " in a suffix stripping approach , the alternate inflection , " ran " , is not .
much of communication is through body movements , tone , inflection , etc .
in this respect , macedonian is different from bulgarian : macedonian is consistent in the use of " ќе " as a clitic , whereas the equivalent bulgarian construction involves the inflection of the clitic for tense , person and number as a regular verb ( " щях да дойда " , " i would [ have ] come " ; " щеше да дойде " , " he would [ have ] come " ) .
arthur evans also suggested that the language used inflection .
the curvature varies from a minimum at the apex to infinity at a crossing point ( straight line ) , also called an inflection , because the curvature changes direction in that vicinity .
some functions change concavity without having points of inflection .
a range of accents can be seen , with the majority of coloureds showing a strong afrikaans inflection .
inflection .
the greek nominal system displays inflection for two numbers ( singular and plural ) , three genders ( masculine , feminine and neuter ) , and four cases ( nominative , genitive , accusative and vocative ) .
additionally , he objected to those languages ' latin - like systems of inflection , which he found needlessly complex .
they make it possible to recognize words of greek origin , and give hints as to their pronunciation and inflection .
they do not display any inflection ; that is , their form does not change to reflect their precise role , nor any characteristics of what they modify .
all of these languages inherit their subjunctive from latin , where the subjunctive mood combines both forms and usages from a number of original indo - european inflection sets ( described above ) , including the original subjunctive and the optative mood .
the fact that these classifications were documented at a very early date in the grammatical treatise " tolkappiyam " , demonstrates the organized manner in which the tamil language has evolved . " tolkappiyam " is not merely a textbook on tamil grammar giving the inflection and syntax of words and sentences but also includes classification of habitats , animals , plants and human beings .
an example of a latin case inflection is given below , using the singular forms of the latin term for " sailor , " which belongs to latin 's first declension .
another recent use of the tilde is to indicate either a " melodic " pronunciation , or a commonly recognized vocal inflection by enclosing a word or entire phrase between a pair of tilde ( similar to the use of quotation marks ) which indicates that such word or phrase is to be either sung as a tune , ~happy birthday to you ... ~ , pronounced as a jeer or taunt , ~nyah , nyah!~ , or with a common change in pitch , ~what - ever!~.
inflection .
for details about the nominal morphology of latvian ( inflection of nouns , pronouns , numerals , and adjectives ) , see latvian declension .
bruce ' the throat ' hume and ed ' the inflection ' olivas
english is now spoken by the vast majority of the cajun population , but french influence remains strong in terms of inflection and vocabulary , and the accent is quite distinct from the general american .
only the " strong " inflection is shown here .
a point of inflection describes the path light takes when it is reflected off an elliptical mirrored surface .
linear ppfs will always combine to form a shape with an inflection point , as shown at right .
if the curve has zero curvature ( i.e. an inflection point on the curve ) then the osculating circle will be a straight line .
all the so - called fundamental physical constants , including the speed of light in a vacuum , were not so constant during the big crunch , especially in the interval stretching 10−43 seconds before and after the point of inflection .
a common fault is to start the preparatory command so high that , after employing a rising inflection , the passage to a higher pitch for the command of execution is impossible without undue strain .
malay(bahasa melayu ) is the national language spoken across ethnicities , although the spoken sabahan dialect of malay differs much in inflection and intonation from the west malaysian version , having more similarity in pronunciation to indonesian .
the verb inflection " -haru " is an essential part of casual speech in kyoto .
if " b2 - 3ac=0 " , then the cubic 's inflection point is the only critical point .
their second album " oraina eta geroa " ( present and future ) recorded more professionally , was an inflection point in their career , during this time they shared stage with bands like machine head , sepultura or napalm death .
the feminine inflection has become the one most widely used over the country , more likely because it is more distinct before nouns that begin with a vowel than due to any wide sense of gender equality .
the modern , full version of fermat 's principle states that the optical path length must be " stationary " , which means that it can be either minimal , maximal or a point of inflection ( a saddle point ) .
it is used primarily for timing purposes , but may also be used to get an idea of how the vocalist will ultimately perform the vocal , in order to add embellishments in the instrumentation that compliment the singer 's vocal inflection .
inflection .
it only speaks when it asks the doctor questions as part of a challenge , but when it does speak , it talks with a high voice , varying in tone and inflection ( implying that speaking is a strain to the creature ) .
" dinkum " ( or " fair dinkum " ) can mean " true " , " is that true ? " or " this is the truth ! ” among other things , depending on context and inflection .
another difference between scientific terms and classical latin and greek is that many compounded scientific terms do not elide the inflection vowel at the end of a root before another root or prefix that starts with a vowel , e.g. gastroenteritis ; but elision happens in gastrectomy ( not gastroectomy ) .
the particular dialect of pashto language favored by the durrani pashtuns tends to be tinged with a slight persian inflection and is considered the more genteel and urbane dialect , often viewed by pashtuns overall as the more ' proper ' dialect , as opposed to the rougher " pukhtu " version favoured in the north and by most of the pashtuns of pakistan .
inflection points .
other languages still , like english , are regarded as not having grammatical gender , since they do not make gender distinctions through inflection , and do not generally require gender agreement between related words .
the fourth tone ( rising ) may sometimes occur as a grammatical inflection of the mid tone , so it is written with the mid - tone glyph plus a diacritic mark ( a superscript arc ) .
meisner actors learn lines dry , " by rote , " without inflection , so as not to memorize a line reading .
he is known for advocating reform of religious belief and practice by reverting to the qur'an as the only infallible authoritative text for islam and for delivering public lectures on qur'anic inflection .
the awareness of what language is includes the use of non - verbal components of language such as intonation , melody , breathing , inflection , the convention of writing , and the combinations of letters for different sounds .
if the lowest - order non - zero derivative is of even order , the point is not a point of inflection .
inflection of nouns and adjectives .
there are four conjugations in latin which define patterns of verb inflection .
borrowed english words with russian inflection were widely used in russian slang , especially among russian hippies .
inflection point .
if the interval of the integral being approximated includes an inflection point , then the error is harder to identify .
finnish morphology ( particularly its rich system of inflection ) in part gave rise to quenya .
as nouns and verbs use inflection to describe anaphoric reference the main use of the free pronouns is for emphasis .
grabar was predominantly an inflection and synthetic language , while in middle armenian , during the period of ashkhrabar influence , agglutinative and analytical forms influenced the language .
hence those with high degrees of germanic inflection would pronounce ' zimbabwe ' as " zim - bah'"-bwi " , as opposed to the african pronunciation " zeem - bah'"-bweh " .
verbs with first person singular inflection necessarily take the pronoun " a= " ' i ' as a proclitic .
beside nominal ( nouns , adjectives and pronouns ) , the dual was also present in verbal inflection where the syncretism was much lower .
it is very important that the interpreter not only report accurately what both parties say but also reflect as faithfully as he can their inflection , tone , manner , and emphasis .
marr began being strenuously propagandized in the stalinist soviet union , n.k.dmitriev remained alien to the attempts to discover in türkic languages " stadial reorganizations " , and to the attempts to discover in türkic languages inflection , prefixes , etc .
in german , verbs ending in " -eln " or " -ern " have slightly different inflection patterns .
7 marks an inflection point in the history of the group , and their members undertake other projects : fito records his first disc with fito & fitipaldis , and uoho involves himself further in extremoduro .
native english speakers ( white , indian and coloured or cape coloured ) in south africa have an accent that generally resembles british received pronunciation ( modified with varying degrees of germanic inflection due to afrikaans ) .
in terms of inflection on nouns , votic has two numbers ( singular , plural ) , and 16 cases : nominative , genitive , accusative ( distinct for pronouns ) , partitive , illative , inessive , elative , allative , adessive , ablative , translative , essive , excessive , abessive , comitative , terminative .
in contrast , the zoroastrian priesthood had for centuries been accustomed to memorizing scripture - following by rote the words of a teacher - priest until they had memorized the words , cadence , inflection and intonation of the prayers .
on the one hand they can be characterized as past , present or future , normally indicated in natural languages such as english by the verbal inflection of tenses or auxiliary adverbial modifiers .
all three are a response to the architectural flaws of the internet that make identity security difficult and an impending authenticity inflection point , which demonstrates a paramount need for authenticity among internet users .
these can appear before the verb as separate words , as in " ela me ama " ( " she loves me " ) , or appended to the verb after the tense / person inflection , as in " ele amou - a " ( " he loved her " ) or " ele deu - lhe o livro " ( " he gave her / him the book " ) . note that portuguese spelling rules ( like those of french ) require a hyphen between the verb and the clitic pronoun .
neeraj has built a business that is at an inflection point and a team that is highly motivated and believes in his vision .
the distinction between inflection and word formation is not at all clear cut .
the term " past iterative " also refers to an alternative inflection of verbs used in the epic dialect ( also known as homeric dialect ) of ancient greek .
afrikaans , recognized as a distinct language in its own right rather than a dutch dialect only in the early 20th century , has lost almost all inflection .
this , together with the temporal inflection of the noun and the presence of tense markers , like " koára " " today " made up a fully functional verbal system .
he also reacted to the generative assumption of ' split morphanalygrophysis ' with a model pondering similarities and differences between derivation and inflection .
his style of preaching became the model for many other preachers who sought to copy his example , down to the minutest gesture or inflection of voice .
if one imagines driving a vehicle along a winding road , inflection is the point at which the steering - wheel is momentarily " straight " when being turned from left to right or vice versa .
a creole like palenquero , on the other hand , would be less prototypical , given the presence of inflection to mark plural , past , gerund , and participle forms .
inflection of adjectives is a little more complicated : nothing with indefinite neuter nouns in singular and -e in all other cases .
there was one change to the inflection of the masculine pronoun in middle english .
the primary division is between the sunni and the shi'a , with sufism generally considered to be a mystical inflection of islam rather than a distinct school .
an example of considered diction with an aureate inflection occurs in the scots couplet
this inflection is demonstrated in the following table .
the reaction is strongly endothermic and yields a sharp inflection .
see also diachronics of plural inflection in the gallo - italian languages .
see : weak inflection .
the sound of trinidadian english is often remarked on by tourists and foreigners for its so - called " sing - song " ( a monotonously rising and falling inflection of the voice ) intonation .
periphrasis is a characteristic of analytic languages , which tend to avoid inflection .
note , that the inflection of the plural genitive is palatalized ( -ių ) .
west - veluws has a unified plural inflection as well , but on " -en " as in dutch .
the programme satirised rickman 's distinctive inflection when playing " baddies " .
this sometimes resulted in incorrect actions taken , especially if the player had a significantly different inflection or spoke something different from the choices expected .
as they may potentially contain inflection for third person singular in these serialisations they depart from the typical uninflected preposition .
the traditional view is that chinese is an analytic language without inflection .
one of the yandex 's largest advantages for russian - language users is recognition of russian inflection in search queries .
” it did n't matter that he was a short , skinny italian from a blue - collar boston suburb , nor did it matter that his renditions of bill monroe and jimmie rodgers standards were often tinted by a decidedly yankee inflection .
norwegian has five closed classes without inflection , i.e. lexical categories with grammatical function and a finite number of members that may not be distinguished by morphological criteria .
often a remnant of the old inflection can be seen in the spelling in the form of a silent ‹e› ; viewed synchronically , this ‹e› may be regarded as a marker of the fact that the fricative is voiced .
some of these loanwords have been adapted and moulded to fit in with icelandic grammatical rules , like the aforementioned inflection and pronunciation .
the action itself has no personal endings , while the negative verb takes the inflection .
by this time the letter " v " had replaced " w " for the [ v ] sound ; verbal inflection for person and number had been dropped ; the nominal plural was " -oj " in place of " -es " ; and the noun cases were down to the current two ( though a genitive " -es " survives today in the correlatives ) .
the second derivative test may also be used to determine the concavity of a function as well as a function 's points of inflection .
