a " cue " in perception is a signal that can be measured by an observer 's perceptual system , that is informative about the state of some property of the world .
the spontaneous activity is usually considered to be noise if one is interested in stimulus processing , but might be informative regarding the current mental state of the person ( e.g. wakefulness , alertness ) and is often used in sleep research .
while both exit and voice can be used to measure a decline in an organization , voice is by nature more informative in that it also provides reasons for the decline .
informative tours are given throughout the day and form the backbone of the centre 's educational work .
though riddled with lacunae , granius 's book 35 presents one of the most informative accounts of the siege of rome during the civil war of 87 bc , and his history regularly provides illuminative details that complement more complete histories .
on the job " provides an educational and informative outlet designed to give alabama citizens a look at jobs available to them and the education and skills required to get these jobs and improve their lives .
the exclusive report " was one of the most popular and informative parts of each edition .
the test involved examination of the proportions of the individual bones of a wrist ; it provides an estimate of biological age of a growing body , but is not informative for an age above 18 ( male ) when the bone growth saturates .
government - funded radio kuwait also offers daily informative programming in four foreign languages including persian , urdu , tagalog and english on the am and sw .
on some localizations heading style names ( e.g. russian " заголовок 1 " etc . ) do n't fit frames on primary ribbon panel causing them to truncate informative level number .
the magnitude of reverse salience emerges as an informative parameter in technological systems analysis as it signifies not only the technological disparity between sub - systems but also the entire system ’s limited level of performance .
the first seven episodes were typical safran informative satire , but the series ' finale was something else .
he also introduced appealing and informative catalogues to market the new jones and lamson products .
dwork ’s perspective proved as informative about adults as about children , much like the infant mortality rate serves as a sensitive indicator of the health of the general population .
it includes tones in order to be maximally informative , but many practical orthographies used by otomi speakers do not include information about tone .
the lyrics are very informative as cham and alicia keys explain how it felt to live in the ghetto .
although risks is a forum of a computer science association , most contributions are readable and informative to anyone with an interest in the subject .
the lectures present scientific subjects to a general audience , including young people , in an informative and entertaining manner .
it would be great if you could leave feedback in the comment box , let us know if you found our work informative .
this list is strictly informative .
the station 's programming lineup consists of newscasts , talk shows , debates and analysis , science and it , tv magazines , and any form of informative program chosen by the editorial policy of the station or marketing research .
he has also co - produced an informative cd - rom , " hinduism : wisdom and way . "
the book ‘ znaczy kapitan’describes fascinating adventures at sea in a brief , valuable and informative way .
they were " simply informative and popularising " with a " straightforward educational tone and intention " .
all the newspapers publish informative articles / features on this day .
however , the ratio of expectations of these posteriors and the expectation of the ratios give similar results to the shapiro – wilk statistic except for very small samples , when non - informative priors are used .
narada thera ’s " the buddha and his teachings " gives an informative account of the master ’s life and teaching , highlighting the doctrines of kamma and rebirth , meditation , the nature of nibbána , and the way to enlightenment .
answers , with contributors answering questions with short , informative answers ( the minimum word count was 100 words ) .
each of these citation systems has its respective advantages and disadvantages relative to the tradeoffs of being informative ( but not too disruptive ) and thus should be chosen relative to the needs of the type of publication being crafted .
since biases operate unconsciously , these introspections are not informative , but people wrongly treat them as reliable indication that they themselves , unlike other people , are immune to bias .
the protestors made headlines around the world for their demonstrations and activities aimed at increasing awareness , such as forming a human chain around birmingham city centre , passing out petitions , and holding informative workshops .
where bleu simply calculates n - gram precision adding equal weight to each one , nist also calculates how informative a particular n - gram is .
the informative program first premiered in 2001 and is broadcast on win television each saturday .
on radio this means an informative announcer and disc jockey at all times keeping you up to date on the weather and late news flashes as well as providing regular time checks and helpful hints for getting along in iran , and insights into the background of your host country .
perera has also captured here the brilliance , the philosophy and the pulsating drama of one - day internationals ( odis ) of that glorious period ( 1996–98 ) backed by highly informative and well- tabulated appendices .
the company 's informative entertainment segment pursues a number of entertainment and education related initiatives , including development of a science fiction short story anthology , a prospective reality tv show , and an elementary school level education package with mars settlement as the theme .
as they do so , fun and informative content bubbles appear to educate the guest about the particular species they have chosen .
informative modelling puts the data about evolutions of architectural artefacts first ,
but perhaps the most differentiating quality that distinguishes informative sentences from the communicative is that the former show displacement .
it 's a bimonthly magazine with informative articles embellished by striking bird photography .
david chase , the creator of the television series " the sopranos " , called laurino 's book " completely original and informative " ; laurino subsequently co - wrote an episode of the television show with michael imperioli .
it later changed focus to feature informative tips on doing tasks people take for granted , becoming the " how to do stuff podcast " .
apart from the five competitive sections , the festival offers a whole range of informative and retrospective sections , including that of documentary full - length films .
in general the goal of a theory of intentionality is to explain the phenomenon - things being such that they are ' about ' other things - in other , more informative , terms .
the line between communicative and informative can at times become a little blurred .
this symposium was very broad , inclusive and informative on strategies for better urban streets .
the aforementioned super stock article and the article by the late roger huntington titled ' are you geared to go ' became the benchmark performance article for the machine and in the case of the huntington article , a template for how to write an informative , useful article about muscle cars .
" wonder mom " is an informative show which airs every saturday morning on abs - cbn .
museum theatre is the use of theatre and theatrical techniques by a museum for educational , informative , and entertainment purposes .
masint then becomes more informative , as individual transmitters and antennas may have unique side lobes , unintentional radiation , pulse timing , etc .
the historic venetian theater now is housed in the reception building for the museum where it is used for special events as well as performances , informative purposes , and another seasonal film series hosted by the museum .
other than purely informative tlvs , those ies will also hold the possible , and the
also a series of informative posters and pamphlets have been produced using cartoon artwork by andrew quick .
instructional signs are generally circular , warnings are triangular and informative signs are rectangular or square .
later georgian authors of the 15th-18th centuries are more informative : they are almost unanimous in identifying him as shota rustaveli , a name which is preserved on a fresco and a document from the formerly georgian monastery of the holy cross at jerusalem .
" left jab " left jab " is an irreverent , informative and provocative one - hour talk radio show in the united states , hosted by david goodfriend and mark walsh , co - founders of air america radio , and written and produced by michael goodfriend .
people usually intend socially desirable outcomes , hence socially desirable outcomes are not informative about a person 's intention or disposition .
motivation and interest are crucial in supporting student success with challenging , informative activities that support success and which help the student learn complex skills ( grabe & stoller , 1997 ) .
the third category deals with fiqh or islamic jurisprudence , which includes " lnsaaf fi bayaan - e - sahoobul ikhtilaf " , a brief yet informative history of islamic jurisprudence over the five centuries before his life .
despite the overall randomness of the strips , " bunny " often involves things which may be deemed as relevant and informative .
several different informative channels covering local news , movies , information on latest trend , music and celebrities gossips , through the distribution of 4 mega led screens , over 40 plasma tvs and 100 lcd , situated in different parts of the mall , these digital facilities also help communicating the image of stylish living of apm to all shoppers around .
the informative and educational series ran for nine years on the bbc .
it is notable for being one of the more informative merzbow releases as it was packaged in a long card wallet with a 24 page colour booklet stapled inside the wallet .
pollard describes him as “ always bright and informative , a cheery character respected by players and listeners ” .
expenses incurred by the charitable foundation are minimal and consist of expenses such as postage , certificates , website fees , stationary supplies , and informative brochures .
he was catalyst to canalise the energy released by the nationalist creative talents for freedom in our country , through transformation in to literature , informative inspiring books for the masses : 100 essential books for rural libraries .
" audio - visuals production " : in spite of its large size , bollywood level " production " of films for the silver screen , or of informative short documentary films of high standard , has not grown in uttar pradesh .
tells the story of tokyo area by area , past and present and is written in a lively and informative style .
it carries educational and informative programming on monday mornings , chinese - language programming in the evenings , and infomercials the rest of the time .
after observing informative guest speakers explain the process , the live program included a survey in which the audience participated .
the central agency can then combine reports from many sources to produce a more informative safety profile for the drug product than could be done based on one or a few reports from one or a few health care professionals .
informative articles also offer profound insights into modern life , with topics such as yoga , vegetarianism , meditation , nonviolence , environmental ethics and family life .
the initial idea of the rafto prize is to provide a basic informative platform for the laureates that would help to receive further attention from the international media and support from political and non - political organisations .
another game mechanic that blow considered was to show the player the expected result of an action they would take ; while this concept was informative , he did not find it to be an entertaining game mechanic .
the promotional magazine popjneo has been remodeled into a nation - wide informative magazine about japan .
during his editorship , the journal became the first magazine in the world to have one million subscribers and it became very influential among readers by featuring informative and progressive ideas in its articles .
having an informative change history helps the reader to see what , when and why something was changed .
there is a ranger station south of the trentabank reservoir ( ) , with car parking ( including disabled spaces ) , public toilets , picnic area , benches and informative displays .
an informative and very interesting history of st marys tells of a 44’0 x 24’0 “ tin tabernacle ” erected as a “ chapel of ease ” around 1898 but , as indicated by the end of records , removed in 1942 .
" your turn " with ralph graczak , a very informative open - lines talk show ( was weekdays during the late hours , now as of january 2009 , on saturday mornings only ) .
depending on the environment , they may include colors , special characters , and other elements like the current time , in order , for instance , to make the prompt more informative or visually pleasing , to distinguish sessions on various machines , or to indicate the current level of nesting of commands .
built in 2004 - 2005 to replace the aging and inadequate case gym , the fitrec was built on the site of a national guard armory , to which there is a nod in the form of an informative plaque , found just west of the building .
when the roan group released a laserdisc and dvd of the film , it included an amusing and informative audio commentary by campbell .
lee gutkind ’s books have been praised for being simultaneously personal and universally informative .
daily contributions from student news and sports journalists also add to the radio 's content , providing an informative , if not always lengthy , view on the days current events .
in mm , lack of a proliferative clone makes conventional cytogenetics informative in only ~30% of cases .
" on the content , the reviewer says " while often informative , as in his chapter on global warming , beck is sometimes tedious , particularly when dealing with islam and education ( france is literally teetering on the edge , and our biggest ally , england , is about to be turned inside out as well ) . "
however , recent molecular phylogenies have suggested this characteristics is not as informative as previously believed .
his advocacy of the french revolution was expressed through an odd political action : after a three - day - long informative meeting , lux held a referendum , about whether his homeland should enter the french first republic , on 2 november 1792 in kostheim .
the " exergue " is the space on a coin beneath the main design , often used to show the coin 's date , although it is sometimes left blank or containing a mint mark , privy mark , or some other decorative or informative design feature .
working with richard platt , who writes the text for the majority of his books which have covered a wide range of informative cross sections aimed at adults and children all published by dorling kindersley , biesty has found great success .
in mm , lack of a proliferative clone makes conventional cytogenetics informative in only ~30% of cases .
since biases operate unconsciously , these introspections are not informative , but people wrongly treat them as reliable indication that they themselves , unlike other people , are immune to bias .
guides to anything under the sun written in an informed and informative manner by experts on the subject .
in bayesian statistics , the fisher information is used to calculate the jeffreys prior , which is a standard , non - informative prior for continuous distribution parameters .
communicative vs. informative .
iu student television exists to create informative , entertaining , and inspiring broadcast - quality television for the indiana university and bloomington community , while at the same time giving students real - life experience in television production and related fields .
the object is to share information that is informative , inspirational and empowering .
leading bosniak intellectuals , political leaders and activists , members of the islamic religious community ( islamska vjerska zajednica ) and police officers were expelled from work , arrested , jailed , called for “ informative talks ” , or kept under house arrest .
noted lds historian leonard arrington saw the book as " informative , basically accurate , and extremely revealing of joseph smith 's early life and family background , " and felt it " perhaps tells more about mormon origins than any other single source .
these releases generally contained 14 blues tunes each , and often included highly informative liner notes by fellow collector steve calt .
informative priors .
it is a great resource for both esl teachers and students with an amazing selection of informative videos that show just how each english phoneme is pronounced by an actual human demonstration , online quizzes , downloadable podcasts and widgets , radio programs , and much more !
he was able to use his trip to london as the basis of entertaining and informative lectures .
in the new york times , marcel theroux called the book " meticulous , absorbing , informative " and " gripping " , although he notes that cicero the man remains an enigma and considers strained the novel 's efforts to draw parallels to the war on terror .
mainly written for his regular column in la stampa , the turin daily newspaper ] , these essays range from book reviews , autobiographical snippets , homespun philosophy and scientific curiosities . immensely readable , educational and informative , these essays demonstrate levi 's skill as a supreme communicator .
other informative or qualifying annotations for the script may also be provided .
painting on pottery of ancient greece and ceramics gives a particularly informative glimpse into the way society in ancient greece functioned .
this drama deals with natural childbirth , and was described as " clinically pure , informative , edifying and , on occasion , tenderly dramatic " .
the longer the distance between the entities might be , the lesser informative will be the location information that is obtainable .
catering to the more active demographic ( 25 - 54 ) , each exciting and fast paced episode of porthole tv includes cruise tips from industry experts and professionals as well as informative insight to the many shore excursions available at the various and exotic ports of call .
the operation also has an active road show providing alligator wrestling , pythons , lizards and other animals with an informative animal talk for private parties and benefits .
both formats are defined in mpeg-2 part 7 , but are only considered informative by mpeg-4 , so an mpeg-4 decoder does not need to support either format .
pcrm responded that he co - signed " a polite and informative letter " many years before the incident that saw jonas jailed , and that he had no further interaction with shac .
in one - day cricket , the bowler 's economy rate - mean runs conceded per six - ball over , indicating a bowler 's control - is another informative statistic .
this perfectly reduced variable can be seen as informative as the original formula_26 in explaining formula_27 .
some unions and trade organisations have run informative advertisements to promote public awareness of what they see as the value of their organization .
they have a very popular and informative website at www .
essentials of meta - informative centering ( mic ) theory .
warnes has constructed a very informative treatise on this popular cooking form that both makes the reader appreciate the historical ramifications , while at the same time providing a different view of barbecue that would not normally be revealed to the average person who walks into their local bbq establishment .
since the goal difference is a more informative piece of information for a modern reader than the goal average , the goal difference is added in this presentation after the goal average .
the association produces an entertaining and informative quarterly newsletter for its members and also holds an annual international conference with eminent guest speakers including scientists , researchers and synaesthetes themselves .
there exists an informative interactive map .
it was unbiased and informative , sold nothing and promoted nothing .
the school has an extensive and informative website .
the southeast wind at newport is particularly informative in this regard .
stories are intended to be complete and balanced so they are informative and timely pieces .
his books combine graphic photography with scholarly and informative text .
also , the presumed similarity between " dasornis " and the smaller " odontopteryx " seems to be a symplesiomorphy that is not informative regarding their relationships to each other and with " pelagornis " .
in his efforts to identify informative genetic markers for tracking human evolutionary history , he started to focus on mitochondrial dna ( mtdna ) — genes that sit in the cell , but not in the nucleus , and are passed from mother to child .
he had the idea of assembling a collection of antique coins that would form an illustrated gallery of the sovereigns of classical antiquity , as an informative work of curiosity .
each year , visiting faculty members and leaders of industry , commerce , social sciences and environmental development are invited to deliver informative talks on careers , organized by iub ..
putting forth a detailed and highly informative summary on the procedure and the artist on whom one could invest in , this article educates in simple terms the complex strata within .
it offers an informative and community - oriented platform that features a dynamic newsfeed , compelling articles , global conference listings , industry debates , a directory of agencies , and other valuable branding resources .
as part of its voter - information campaign , vyv places informative bulletin boards with pertinent , non - partisan election information in all of the student dorms in the weeks leading up to an election .
informative displays tell you more about the park and provide information on organised activities for visitors to the park .
his findings were published in 1893 and 1894 as " ostrov sakhalin " ( " the island of sakhalin " ) , a work of social science - not literature - worthy and informative rather than brilliant .
consumers of survey results are therefore cautioned to view response rates as informative but to recognize that these rates “ do not necessarily differentiate reliably between accurate and inaccurate data . ”
the islamic centers are generally involved in performing the friday congregational prayers known as " salaat - al - jummah " , distributing literature , charitable activities , online propagation and donating informative materials on islam to various religious and cultural institutions throughout the country .
informative example .
sagdeev 's team estimated a density of 0.6 g / cm³ , but s. j. peale warned that all estimates had error bars too large to be informative .
in addition to accurately demonstrating the presence or absence of mature sperm with tails , fna provides tubular cells for cytologic analysis , also informative for the diagnosis of infertility .
they are pleasant , interesting and informative , says jenkins , but not much more so than any others asimov wrote for " f&sf .
he coined the term " chartjunk " to refer to useless , non - informative , or information - obscuring elements of quantitative information displays .
supported by doordarshan studios in mumbai , pune and nagpur , dd sahyadri holds its own with acclaimed serials , informative programmes , public debates and film - based programmes .
the magazine had a usual policy of publishing only positive , educational and informative content , but from early 2008 and following the change of ownership the title has begun to campaign on issues relevant to owners of small and medium sized businesses in the uk and regularly joins organisations representing sme businesses in the uk in lobbying government for change in the sector .
thus it is much more informative to evaluate the crack propagation behavior during corrosion fatigue .
the socio - political position - taking goes further still , as the artists call for the recognition of the formative as well as informative nature of technology , and particularly information technologies : “
at present the most informative sequence of dinosaur - bearing rocks in the world from the k – t boundary is found in western north america , particularly the late maastrichtian - age hell creek formation of montana , us .
she regularly contributes informative obituaries of musicians to " the guardian " .
in his review in the " new york times " , andy webster called it " an overdue examination of a historic conflict between hollywood and would - be monitors of morality " and added lasalle " has an avuncular but informative style , and makes his points with a relaxed economy . "
an informative account about the history of xas and exafs ( originally called kossel 's structures ) is given in the paper " a history of the x - ray absorption fine structure } by r. stumm von bordwehr " , ann .
it contains information about object positions at particular time instances and therefore a motion diagram is more informative than a path .
the registration authority for code - points ( identifier values ) in " mp4 family " files is apple computer inc. and it is named in annex d ( informative ) in mpeg-4 part 12 .
we will develop very strong entertainment and film industry which will in all conditions support and promote our culture and customs and which can be an informative and knowledgeable source for all .
in 2003 , she launched lynne leach presents … offering informative , inspirational speeches and practical , common sense programs on sales – customer service , communications and leadership to the business and political communities .
the opinion of chris beard , curator of vertebrate paleontology at the carnegie museum of natural history , was that " darwinius " was not a " missing link " between anthropoids and more primitive primates , but that further study of this remarkably complete specimen would be very informative and could reveal relationships amongst " the earliest and least human - like of all known primates , the eocene adapiforms . "
informative is anything that further educates someone
an informative magazine programme about the trials of parenting .
it is an informative music show designed to inform the general public about the world of hip hop and r&b. it is shown every sunday at 7.30pm .
now published bi - monthly , 6 times a year , craftsman craft&design magazine has once again filled a gap in the british craft market – it is a privately owned uk magazine which covers all aspects of british crafts and the various craft disciplines in a practical , informative , down to earth , yet contemporary fashion .
in these cases we speak about " learning of functions " ( in terms for instance of regression , neuro - fuzzy system or computational learning ) on the basis of highly informative samples .
it is considered by many to be one of the most informative and well maintained football fan - sites on the internet .
within the museum ’s two floors of exhibits , visitors can learn about the history of the time period through media experiences , as well as informative exhibits .
the show 's stated goal is to deliver " intelligent , informative , and very very humorous discussion about games " by reviewing current news stories as well as answering viewer questions , and is filmed via a roundtable format in g4 's audio recording studio .
popular among the students of mcmaster engineering , " the plumbline " is famous for publishing everything from obscene sexual innuendos to informative articles . "
it is retained in " otus " simply because it does not have the " song " or rapid trill of " megascops " - which as seen above are highly informative as regards these owls ' phylogeny .
however , it may be informative to note that the extension of " the queensway " in mississauga to the west is referred to as " queensway " . " queensway avenue " may have also been used to presumably to avoid confusion with adjacent exit signs for the qew .
" let the bible speak " is the radio ministry of the free presbyterian church heard on approximately 30 stations around the world . ltbs publishes " the quarterly " , an informative and devotional magazine written by several free presbyterian ministers .
select a game and you ’re able to read a small ( though maybe not very informative ) description of it along with details on how big it is , estimated time for downloading the game , the number of supported players , who the publisher is etc .
glebe " programme runs for a period of two weeks in the easter holiday and four weeks in the summer holiday providing a wealth of activities for varying age groups , from lifeguarded swimming sessions available every weekday afternoon , to football coaching , archery , tennis and swimming lessons , sailing , dry slope skiing , informative excursions , art and craft sessions , singing workshops , cycle training and a drama week .
personal web pages are often used solely for informative or entertainment purposes .
" bunny " colvin and his wife proudly watch namond deliver an informative speech about aids at an urban debate function .
the new media consortium and educause 2006 horizon report stated : " the vodcasts are informative , but also light - hearted and fun , designed to appeal to non - techies . "
presently , the society contains more than 2,400 members , and " copeia " features 1,200 pages of informative content and is found in over 1,000 institutional libraries .
it gives brief , informative biographies of archaeologists like heinrich schliemann , jean - françois champollion , paul - émile botta , and howard carter , among others .
though morgan ’s unconventional perspective is incorrect , it is more informative — showing us spaces and details of buildings that we would not otherwise see .
as a military historian and freelance writer , tanner has produced informative pieces such as : " afghanistan - a military history from alexander the great to the war against the taliban " , " epic retreats : from 1776 to the evacuation of saigon " , " refuge from the reich : american airmen and switzerland during wwii"and " wars of the bushes " .
adults can enjoy educational and informative talks , workshops , user education programmes and library orientation tours .
regular and informative liaison characterises crimtrac 's " modus operandi " with police and strong arguments accompany all crimtrac business cases where police services may be asked to contribute or share information .
many have informative websites besides those linked within this page .
also , informative ads tend to help generate a good reputation .
similar to troost 's first work " the sex lives of cannibals " , troost delivers a very funny , entertaining , and informative account of his life in the south pacific .
most have a humorous or informative character .
through the development of innovative , intriguing , and informative jewish awareness programs on campuses throughout north america , jaam attempts to bridge the gap created by the cessation of genuine jewish education and awaken within students their sense of jewish identity and pride .
the school has an informative web site at which details its past history as well as its present events and activities .
it broadcasts on 96,1 fm informative , musical and cultural formats , being the sole minority romanian language radio in serbia broadcasting 24/7 .
for both sides , the war department erected numerous informative bronze plaques that describe the units , their leaders , and their contributions .
since the goal difference is a more informative piece of information for a modern reader than the goal average , the goal difference is added in this presentation after the goal average .
informative modelling applies to the study of historic architecture ,
by testing both the unit root hypothesis and the stationarity hypothesis , one can distinguish series that appear to be stationary , series that appear to have a unit root , and series for which the data ( or the tests ) are not sufficiently informative to be sure whether they are stationary or integrated .
as with all experiments , whether considered successes or failures , the results have proved informative ; in the case of biosphere 2 , the experimenters learned that small , closed ecosystems are complex and vulnerable to unplanned events .
the cabildo is composed of the following administrative offices ; presidency , legislative body , government council , informative commissions , spokeman 's office " .
the dct and the research it enables also will be the focus of ongoing informative and educational television programs about astronomy , science , and technology airing on .
miguel 's images were some of the few informative documents registered by an international agency in that conflict .
this does not seem to have been the case with mercia , about which bede is less informative than about other kingdoms .
it also has a detailed and informative display on the material , processes and applications .
a comparative analysis of zhitro , shraddha , chöd and sutric buddhist charnel ground meditations would be informative .
whitsett reviewed the book in " cultic studies review " , writing that it contained informative content , and is an easy read free of sociological jargon which made it more accessible to non - expert readers .
thus tc can be taken as the non - informative ( i.e. , non - factual ) component of the statement , or at .
weekend programming includes informative shows on health insurance , mortgages and pets , as well as nationally syndicated shows such as the mutual fund show with adam bold , abc perspective , peter greenberg and handel on the law .
make the data model more informative to users .
moreover , there exist more informative radical expressions for " n"th roots of unity with the additional property that every value of the expression obtained by choosing values of the radicals ( for example , signs of square roots ) is a primitive " n"th root of unity .
this silver jubilee film has set a new trend for many more rural based films with good informative themes .
the towering figure among the informative programmes was " letter from america " by alistair cooke , which was broadcast for over 50 years .
" professor shreedhar keshav deodhar " , a very popular and favorite history teacher of chikitsak student populations , is also a famous historian and author of informative historic literature ( viz .
the dvd has informative pop - ups inspired by vh1 .
m. prieto concludes that the book is balanced and informative and with a lot of the sense of humour that mr. arias distilles .
" this is intended as a guide to the chosen celebrity 's contact with reality , and as such can be more informative than a direct interview , often reporting some surprising responses .
a comparison of the list of family names in the auchinleck version of the battle abbey roll with the lists cited above may be informative .
in keeping with its mission , the aopa air safety foundation expanded its outreach by creating interactive online courses targeting many safety issues in ways as informative as they are entertaining .
including programs like " dave 's diner " , " my three songs " as well as trivia and informative djs as well as adding atlanta braves radio network to its programing .
in addition , an informative commentary by distinguished scholar james r. newman precedes each essay or group of essays , explaining their relevance and context in the history and development of mathematics .
one of the original editors was sir donald tovey who wrote informative notes on the music which are still highly regarded today .
our centering theory , the term “ predicate ” is reserved for the meta - informative level and is used
comparing dpa and ph.d. programs " " finds few differences between the programs , noting that degree title is more informative about the type of students recruited than outputs " ( journal of public affairs education , v5 n4 p309 - 17 oct 1999 ) .
radio sketch functions is educational and informative .
the british library sound archive , london , holds an extensive and informative recorded interview with charles bray , conducted by hawksmoor hughes , on 23 october 2007 .
it has proved to be an enriching and informative scheme for both students and writers .
in this sense , therefore , it includes all literary works — especially fiction , poetry , drama , or essays — valued for their aesthetic qualities and originality of style and tone ( usually with regard to the language used , but sometimes even in terms of the visual typography employed ) , rather than for written as a means to informative , moral or some other end .
at home , people in need administers social integration programs in the czech republic and slovakia and provides informative and educational activities .
however , the main output is " informative programming " , which includes central news bulletins aired at 18:00 and 22:30 ( or 22.:45 ) , short news aired at 16:00 , as well as round tables , interviews and dialogues .
boyishly handsome black canadian lad is still the show 's most informative voice , his soon - to - be - renamed three - minute segment containing the date 's historic sports and/or real - world events , his sports opinions , his braying one of his favourite country songs - jim - brad,56,is attempting to launch a country song - writing career - and signing off by asking a voluptuous lady , preferably a buxom blonde , her bra,34c-42d , to three - up big&rich and,"save a horse , ride handsome black cowboy jim - brad!!!!"one of two callers , the other
the albums were reprinted , digitally remastered , and the new editions were meticulously designed ( including the lyrics , many informative texts and original photos from the time of the first release ) .
its intersection with the owl ( near kachess lake ) is the geological equivalent of an atom smasher , and the results should be informative .
the aim of radio zamaneh , according to its administrators , is to produce and broadcast informative programs of high journalistic quality , independent from any governmental , political , or social forces inside or outside of iran ( persia ) .
the ullas trust organizes educative and informative sessions ( you can do it ) for the students , where volunteers from the organization teach computer and internet basics and counsel on career prospects .
channel 13 exclusively emitted the goals during the week ends until the midnight of sundays , when the rest of the channels was qualified to only show the goals but in informative programs .
after returning to the united states clark wrote a highly informative book about japan : " life and adventure in japan " ( new york : american tract society , 1878 ) .
informative sources .
during nearly two years of downtime , the game 's current owner / developer ( " general shadow " ) has offered no informative updates .
christian fellowship : the christian fellowship club meets weekly to address the issue of life as well as specific concerns of its participants , by means of guest speakers , worship leaders , student presentations , informative videos , prayer and stimulating socials .
the archive has a website which provides an opportunity for past students , staff and others who have records and memories from the early years , and from recent years , to help to expand the archive to be informative and interesting .
similarly , author rick steves wrote that the museum was informative , but " small and somewhat overpriced , educational but not very entertaining " .
but otherwise , overall , the mise - en - scenes are too simplistic and the scenes too informative .
bob waters and davy crockett are the heart and soul of this station with their humorous , yet informative morning show .
powered by visualdna technology , visualiser was positively received in the industry as an intuitive and informative trip planning tool .
in this particular example , the macro is no more complex than a c - style textual substitution , but because parsing of the macro parameter occurs before the macro operates on the calling code , diagnostic messages would be far more informative .
distinguished by their high and universal utility , chikka ’s services include : mobile im and email easily accessed and managed via sms , mobile payment systems utilizing call credits , free - reply sms that aids prepaid subscribers in need of “ top - up , ” mobile - enabled auctions and matchmaking , and the most relevant , informative and entertaining text , voice and visual mobile content .
kap 's amazing stories is an informative and educational tv program from gma network .
after dark there are a number of different interactive shows that park rangers put on via overhead projector ; common scenarios include : campfire safety , the burney falls forest fire of 1986 , and other informative , educational presentations .
but rene did not say anything informative during her deposition , so sandy vows to find her and speak to her elsewhere .
the bccie has an informative website for international students about coming to british columbia for their post - secondary education .
protectors are observant , cooperative , informative , and attentive .
here they could deliver concise and informative speech for a few minutes at a time and broadcast relatively safely to a smaller than usual viewing audience .
in 1997 , rctv was the first network in latin america that automated their informative services ( from the making of its contents until its airing ) , in which they adopted the format dvc pro .
as early critics found most of the films vulgar , boring and frivolous , film - makers stressed the informative , educational virtues of the technology , even while their first creations could not really reinforce these claims .
conversely , in a study done on puerto rican women born on the island but living in ny by carolina bonilla , mark d. shriver and esteban parra in 2004 , the ancestry proportions corresponding to the three parental populations were found to be 53.3±2.8% european , 29.1±2.3% west african , and 17.6±2.4% native american based on autosomal ancestry informative markers .
the configuration system is designed to be very easy to understand and use , without being restrictive ; freesco 's " setup " utility uses a system of informative menus and prompts , with almost no need for the manual editing of configuration files .
" as adopted in 1964 ... " " cosi provides an exciting and informative atmosphere for those of all ages to discover more about our environment , our accomplishments , our heritage , and ourselves .
robert jervis called the essays in the bok " informative and provocative " .
enterprising cambridge is a series of interactive events and showcases that takes placeplace in cambridge during june to promote entrepreneurship both locally and worldwide under the umbrella of ‘ enterprising cambridge’. event organisers , including the centre for entrepreneurial learning ( cfel ) , the cambridge university entrepreneurs ( cue ) , the humanitarian centre and the cambridge university technology and enterprise club ( cutec intend to achieve this aim through a succession of inspirational talks , informative panel discussions and networking forums which will bring together individuals from a variety of different backgrounds and interests .
the children 's television act of 1990 required terrestrial television networks to devote time to educational and informative programming for children .
according to data from 2001 ( although with so small a population percentages are not especially informative ) more than 12.1% of the town 's residents identify themselves as catholic ; 37.5% of residents are protestant , 4.2% are christian and 3.2% of residents do not practise a religion .
he added large numbers of informative notes throughout the volumes , which were illustrated with engravings , maps and genealogical tables of great quality .
