it is alleged he holds " left - of - centre " political views which inform his interviews on the " today " programme .
the founding of inform was motivated by a shared impression among clergy and academics that groups hostile to cults often aimed to feed rather than alleviate enquirers ' fears .
setting up an immunization program is multifaceted and contains many complex components including a reliable cold chain system , transport for the delivery of the vaccines , maintenance of vaccine stocks , training and monitoring of health workers , outreach educational programs to inform the public , and a means of documenting and recording which child receives which vaccines .
also in the same way the mig should inform all the ad - hoc nodes about the path towards multicast sources in the fixed network .
sunaina is shattered when anupama calls her to inform that krishnakant has had a heart attack .
caring , respect , diversity , community , and intellectual and personal growth - describe the community 's relationships , inform the community 's decisions , and express the community 's beliefs .
however , in 1963 , in response to an offer of government employment in washington , dc , he faced a background check and decided to voluntarily inform family friend and presidential special assistant , arthur schlesinger , jr. about his communist connections at cambridge , which led directly to the exposure of blunt as the recruiter of the cambridge five spy ring .
on the ship , chloe and young use the communication stones to contact earth , allowing chloe to inform her mother of her situation and senator armstrong 's death .
controversially , the university did not inform current residents about the renovations until after the plans had been finalized , and of particular concern is that the university plans to reopen the halls for undergraduates , displacing the current population of mainly international students , graduate students , families , faculty and staff .
this functionality allows real time assessment of benthic data in the field to inform further sampling decisions .
the agency " is also working with its regulatory partners in all 50 state agriculture and health agencies to inform them of the status of the investigative and analytical efforts . "
regular newsletters are published by the two association to inform scholars of events and to be used as a platform for air .
the former appearance was part of the campaign 's strategy aimed at young voters and former ron paul supporters to inform them about the campaign .
through project inform , delaney brought hiv- and aids - related issues to the attention of public policy makers and the public , lobbied for an aggressive program of scientific and medical research , and encouraged regulatory agencies to speed the approval of new medications .
she checks out of her hotel room to proceed to washington to inform the national science foundation of the military 's use of the chimps in general , and virgil in particular .
in light of this , it goes without saying that every newly appointed high commissioner had to inform belbachir about his forthcoming arrival to morocco to initiate a new dialogue .
this was to allow for collaboration with various african governments and research institutions at archiving and analyzing african census data , both at national and sub - national levels , in order to inform appropriate policy interventions on the continent .
the lessons learned in construction this first full - scale 10,000-year clock will inform the final design of the clock in nevada .
the witches inform banquo he shall father a line of kings , though he himself will not be one .
often physical , it is not uncommon for the area to descend into a moshpit after important goals , and signs posted around the stand inform and caution general supporters of the area 's lively nature .
it will destroy the philosophical foundation and raison d'être of this regime ... i invite the dear researchers , intellectuals , young people and students , who are the trailblazers , to reexamine not only the holocaust , but also its consequences and aftermath and inform others of their studies and research .
securitate agents were hired as miners , not only to inform on other workers , but also to exert psychological pressures on them and even beat them before witnesses so as to create a climate of intimidation .
many of the unique design elements sason implemented , particularly with the 99 , dominated saab design into the 1990s and continue to inform saab ’s design language today .
the egyptian law requires that those who apply for another nationality inform appropriate egyptian officials .
the guardians of the universe inform the green lantern corps that a god has been murdered .
i shall feel greatly obliged if you allow me to inform the public through the medium of your columns of the fact ( which all my private friends are aware of ) that this tale of " the miser 's daughter " originated from me , and not from mr. ainsworth .
he is not to interfere with prosecution witnesses , must be on good behaviour , and must inform the state if he changes his home address .
the evidence was ruled inadmissible because the police had a duty to inform brydges of legal aid services .
additionally , any obvious penalties or missed tasks are relayed to the pit stop crew so that phil can inform teams appropriately of these .
[ an ] active secret police preyed on the roman population , and even senators were encouraged in various ways to inform on each other … under domitian , even the slightest suspicion of disrespect for the emperor became a capital crime ”
to produce relevant and credible operations analysis to inform decisions .
in this situation , all one must do is inform the user of the problem , as no corrective action aside from trying again later .
congresswoman jan schakowsky ( d , il ) , chairman of the subcommittee on oversight and investigations , who called for the investigation , stated that the investigation was intended to address cia failures to inform congress fully or accurately about four issues : c.i.a. involvement in the downing of a missionary plane mistaken for a narcotics flight in peru in 2001 , and two " matters that remain classified " , as well as the rumored - assassinations question .
on 21 june 1884 , graham barber wrote a letter to the state secretary to inform him that he and his two cousins fred and harry discovered payable gold on state land where the umvoti creek entered the de kaap valley .
most of them had viewed the south bend shutdown two years earlier as the first step in ending auto production completely , but surviving evidence indicates that they did not inform gordon grundy of this .
if possible , please keep knowledge of her whereabouts , to enable me to inform him if he comes .
machtackle and dashtacker inform star saber of the new base .
( they had no way of visually checking the engines from the cockpit , and the cabin crew did not inform them that smoke and flames had been seen from the left engine . )
after ray is murdered , patrick and angie join the police detectives investigating the case , nick poole and remy bressant ( who inform patrick and angie that they did not know ray ) , to arrange a trade of the money for amanda .
it has been suggested that the reason that israel did not inform the us was that the withdrawal of us and french forces prevented them from interfering with israeli operations in lebanon .
in 1969 , dr zatz started her work in genetic counseling in families which were carriers of neuromuscular diseases , in order to evaluate as well as to inform the risk of having offspring with a similar problem .
the girls must use the commercial to explain who they are as queens , why they are beautiful , and inform people of viva glam 's help for those living with hiv .
at the germans ' headquarters in the chateau , kurt asks helga to inform them when general von klinkerhoffen arrives .
the lake pleasant bodies case , also known as the buried bodies case is a court case in which a lawyer had to decide whether to inform the victim 's father that his daughter is dead or keep the confidentiality to his client after he found out about dead bodies .
a common failing of road traffic models is that they do not take into account the effects of changes in public transport on the demand for road traffic ; thus , a new generation of traffic modelling software can now compare public transport with private road traffic and thus help inform demand forecasts .
virtually all vehicles are driven with a passenger in place to watch the oncoming traffic and inform the driver as to whether it is safe to overtake or not , as the driver can not see this from the rhd position .
a fourteen - year old boy , alex rider , wakes at three o'clock in the morning two policemen who inform him that his uncle , ian rider , has died in a car accident .
i find myself compelled to accede to this request ; and i now inform the general assembly that , in pursuance of their address , i will remove judge stump from the criminal court of baltimore .
slaves would often need to notify their families that they were captive and inform them of the ransom price , and they would also need to pay the hefty mailing charge ( which few slaves could afford ) and wait several months for the mail to be delivered .
local bmw cca chapters publish newsletters to inform members about upcoming events .
the external affairs volunteers work with each coordinator to inform the undergraduate students at laurier about each of the groups and the events and campaigns that each participate in .
an on - line open letter by geaves states that david barrett , working for inform , suggested to him that he combine his first hand knowledge of the subject with his academic training to provide insights into this movement .
prospero is an old friend of both alberto and baptista ; he is able to inform the world of the fate of juliana , and the daughter that alberto did n't know he had .
if they wish to retain the non - iranian nationality after age 18 , they have to inform iran 's ministry of foreign affairs .
the british betrayal and haider 's subsequent defeat reinforced haider 's deep distrust of the british — a sentiment that would be shared by his son and one which would inform anglo - mysore rivalries of the next three decades .
finally with anxiety that his new lovely wife brought on , having her new husband go to prison and leave her , louis agreed to inform the police about his role and the organizers of the robbery if the police would arrange to have him entered into the witness protection program .
these tastes continued to inform the endeavours of medieval maltese artists , but they were increasingly influenced by the romanesque and southern gothic movements .
doubleclick.com , which sponsored the project , did not inform sites on which the ads were displayed that they were playing host to an artistic intervention .
professor eileen vartan barker , for services to inform . ( wembley , middlesex )
toxics - free christmas : our gift to the world ” as part of the ongoing effort of miss earth foundation , in partnership with the eco waste coalition , to inform consumers about the risks and dangers of exposure to hazardous chemicals to public health and the environment , and empower the public to make sound decisions on what practices , products , and services to choose .
the code sample below is usable in inform 7 , but not without special demarcation indicating that it is embedded legacy code .
i believe the debates initiated by bill c-293 were so important that they will inform the nature of any future essential international development policy and legislation in this country .
in 1972 , direct market pioneer phil seuling called plant to inform him that he had just cut a deal to ship archie , dc , marvel , and warren comic books from a new distribution center in sparta , illinois .
however , they inform her of maria 's predicament and that they must rescue her .
george obsesses over the fact that elaine believes julie bought the salad , to the point that he goes out of his way to inform elaine that he was responsible for the purchase .
darnielle closes the song , and the album , with a lyric of his sister calling him to inform him of his stepfather 's death .
as she tells them , that herrs flick and von smallhausen are still in the dungeon , since the dynamite did not work , they tell her of the incident with the blowing up of the doubles . they also inform her , that it was they who acted as hitler and göring in the square .
all businesses that are smoke free or allow smoking are required to post signs , designed by the city , which inform patrons of their smoking status .
van vliet 's mission was to inform young that the united states troops then approaching utah did not intend to attack the mormons , but intended to establish an army base near salt lake , and to request young 's cooperation in procuring supplies for the army .
despite its organisational weaknesses , the pac 's africanism did much to inform the student uprisings of the late 1970s and inspired the formation of the black consciousness movement under the leadership of steve biko .
it also aims to inform both artists and the public about the free art license and internet distribution models .
this is why the museum was created : to inform the world , especially the japanese , about the aggressive stance that the country adopted .
when the police arrive to inform the girls that their father has died , rachel 's suspicions are confirmed and she becomes sure that lindsey knows a lot more about what was happening at her home the morning of her dad 's death than she is letting on .
tigh becomes concerned and goes to inform adama .
bynea is a request stop : passengers wishing to board a train here must signal to the driver ; those wishing to alight must inform the train conductor .
but as baalbek is in the area of your consulate , it is my duty to inform you of these matters on behalf of essad bey , abdul gani , and myself . ”
a second change was known only to parties in england who chose not to inform the larger group .
it also serves as a medium to not only inform but also entertain its audience through the use of positive images and messages .
zookeepers also have responsibilities to entertain and inform the zoo ’s quest .
rather , mcgrath seeks to draw upon the proven assumptions and methods of the natural sciences in order to inform the practice of christian theology .
this situation was at a deadlock for more than a year , until members at the academy finally decided to take matter into hands and inform committee , as well as director , that they would represent the academy .
august – until november 2008 , euly organized a campaign about egyptian ngo law , and in that campaign we will make movie and media campaign to inform youth of what the ngo 's do for them , and also to make the youth organizations aware of the egyptian ngo 's law , this project cooperates between euly and icnl .
the captain declined to inform passengers of the situation and landed the airliner in fra without incident .
the friar , however , did not take any further actions and merely picked up the bible and left to inform pizarro of the incident , calling atahualpa a " dog " and full of pride .
paul f. mcdonald of space.com observes , " amidala ... embod[ies ] many of the dualities that inform " episode i"— war and peace , queen and commoner , form and substance .
in an attempt to help the newly wedded pori move on with her life , her in - laws inform her of his imminent hanging .
d takes the narrator to various places where d had previously enjoyed himself , as well as sending him to inform d 's former girlfriend that he will no longer see her .
he has endless stories that enchant and inform the kids .
despite his tendency to be a stickler for rules and regulations , gunn is respected by dirk pitt and al giordino because he does not inform admiral sandecker of their exploits , which are often in violation of instructions that have been given to them .
actually , it would have been a cheap offer , because we were willing to give up to usd 100 million ... " " we would be the first to inform publicly , because it is part of our rewards system policy , and besides , it would speak much worse about the farc " .
suzaku later appears to inform miaka of a demon god 's plot to destroy the world within the book ; as the priestess , miaka feels obligated to protect her celestial warriors and konan .
building on the model set forth in philadelphia , a federation of women 's clubs went through the town to inform themselves of possible participants for a meal service .
logic will not undertake to inform you what kind of experiments you out to make in order best to determine the acceleration of gravity ; but it will tell you how to proceed to form a plan of experimentation .
just as the pastor is about to announce them married , john mcbain walks in to inform cole that he will not have to go to prison if he co - operates in a sting operation to bring down the school drug dealer , asher .
the viewer is treated to displays of american and coalition military deployment as contemporary radio news reports inform the viewer that the united nations coalition has started to attack iraq and occupied kuwait as a prelude to liberating kuwait .
a battalion under major mcgary discovered the bodies a few days later , and proceeded to fort harrison to inform colonel russell of the attacks and- more importantly to the half - starved survivors at fort harrison- the missing supply wagons .
at first mascardo was nowhere to be found but later , he appeared in betis to inform general luna that he was willing to follow the latter 's orders .
the signing people feel responsible to inform the people about things that every expert but not the normal people know .
an independent national inquiry into childhood to renew society 's understanding of modern childhood and to inform , improve and inspire relationships with children .
typically posted at intervals alongside a numbered highway , the signs are intended to reassure drivers that they are traveling on the desired road ( or to inform them that they are not ) .
he meets a group of denizens who kill the demarchist agents and inform him that cholok created them , but the demarchy turned them away and imprisoned them in their cave .
its stated mission is to " ensure that the views and values of the world 's people inform global decision - making . "
in very close races , the game judge would inform which player had which lane .
they travel to the monitors headquarters where they inform the shocked beings that they will be watching over them as a sort of interdimensional border guards .
grotz grew up in small texas towns but has lived in france and poland , all of which inform her poems .
parsers are used in early interactive fiction games like the zork series , and more recently in games created by systems like inform and tads .
the royal couple enters and begins another short scene taken directly from " hamlet " : they ask about the duo 's encounter with the prince , and rosencrantz and guildenstern inform them about his interest in the tragedians ' production .
after the 2002 season , smith was hired as the head coach at michigan state , which created controversy for two reasons : smith was hired " before " louisville 's bowl game that season , and he did not inform his louisville players of the decision until halftime of the bowl game , which they lost to marshall .
when a freedman bursts in to inform the emperor that the temple of hercules gaditanus is on fire , anacrites is sent to the transtiberina to find a freedman ( barnabas ) who has been following falco around , whilst falco is sent to investigate the arson attack .
moore has stated various times that he represents a platform to inform americans of an alternative option in american politics .
the bear mountain compact " is similar to the blue code of silence ( also the blue wall of silence ) , in which police officers never inform on one another , omertà , the code of silence among mafia organizations , and the expression " whatever happens in vegas , stays in vegas . "
cops inform sunaina and sujata about the bandh in the city .
outreach methods include five different techniques that may be used to inform the neighborhood that planning is taking place .
this work helps inform today 's decisions and ensure that they become tomorrow 's permanent record . "
although several later exchanges were made , the lack of progress saw the british government inform the australian prime minister on 14 november 1944 that no further communications would be made on the loss of " centaur " .
the fourth outreach method involves utilizing existing organizations as a way to inform residents on the planning process .
siddique told chris that as the government was losing popular support , america tried to inform mahendra chaudhry of the situation , " i had tried to tell , and a lot of people tried to tell -- publicly and privately -- mr chaudhry , you know , the sensitive nature of the situation .
to inform policy concerning major public health issues , at local , national and global level .
have both argued that the committee should inform observers whose records are rejected of the committee 's reasons for doing so .
according to comments by thomas böcker , the leipzig trade fair did not inform him about the new collaboration with " video games live " in advance and his team only took notice of it through a press release .
the tony blair faith foundation 's aim is to use the tools of modern communications to " educate , inform and develop understanding " about various faiths and the relationships between them .
messrs jones , davies and williams beg to inform the public that the dissolution of their form has taken place by mutual consent , and they will feel obliged by the holders of their local notes sending them for payment to their banking house , at aberystwyith and those made payable in london to the house of sir james esdaile and co. aberystwyth old bank , august 10th , 1815 . "
and firmly command for us and for our heirs , that our tinners at aforesaid shall have all the liberties , free customs , and acquittances above written , and that they , without hindrance or impediment of us , or of our heirs , justices , escheators , sheriffs , or other bailiffs or ministers , whomsoever the same shall reasonably enjoy inform aforesaid .
in september 2008 , chiesa called for an international tribunal to probe events of september 11 , 2001 and stated that " our task is to inform millions of people of the true situation . " regarding the showing of zero in a primetime television slot in russia , chiesa stated " that means that some 30 million russian citizens will learn the truth about what happened , which is a very big result for me . "
zambrano reestablished royalist control of the province and sent a messenger to inform those holding salcedo .
in 1945 the public interest in atomic warfare and weaponry inspired contributors to the " bulletin " to attempt to inform those interested about the dangers and destruction that atomic war could bring about .
the museum also organizes public events , performances and lectures whose purpose is to entertain , educate and inform audiences of the benefits and heritage of making music .
however , guilty spark neglects to inform the master chief that halo would accomplish this by destroying all sentient life in a vast radius , essentially starving the flood to death .
conservation groups , local governments , and natural resources agencies use streamwatch data to gauge stream conditions and to inform planning and environmental management decisions .
when he comes to he finds that he has been brought to redwall abbey , where the fathers of the abbey later inform him that his sister died from exhaustion from the journey .
from there , they were able to contact the robotech expeditionary force to inform them of earth 's fate .
their main purpose is to inform a wide range of people of the status of work in a specific area .
the model proposes for each trial " i " there is a set of explanatory variables that might inform the final probability .
aatish calls up the kotaks to inform them about sunaina .
it is not required , within service of the contractor notice , to provide a copy of the contract , but simply to inform the right to manage company of its existence and the party to it .
a collections manager will then set up a meeting with the content owner to inform them of the guidelines , the evaluation criteria and the licensing requirements .
in response , nuveen has posted a " nuveen auction rate preferred resource center " to inform its investors of its plans to borrow money to pay them back .
but when lincoln is in their custody , they inform him that they have actually uncovered self 's ruse , and now want to work together with the group in exchange for their testimonies against self .
before all else , subordinates have to obey their superiors and they have to inform superiors of non - executed orders or unreached aims .
some types of set - top boxes also set the vci ( option 60 ) to inform the dhcp server about the hardware type and functionality of the device .
in malawi , frontlinesms is helping run a rural healthcare network for 250,000 people , allowing a referral hospital to respond to requests for remote patient care , track distant patients , inform remote health workers of proper drug dosages and uses , receive patient updates , connect hiv - positive patients to support groups , and relay outreach hiv testing schedules .
the letters are not kept to individuals , but forwarded to others in order to inform a larger community of the novel 's action .
after ursula disguises herself as a human and wins over prince eric , sebastian goes down to inform king triton , and later becomes instrumental in helping ariel and prince eric defeat ursula .
the tribunal is not bound by the rules of evidence and can inform itself in such manner as it thinks fit .
in order to inform expatriate workers of their rights , the ministry of labour along with the labour market regulatory authority and foreign embassies organised a major festival for foreign workers in october 2007 .
pinky then decides to send his men to the karate school , to inform them of pop 's debt ( inflated yet again ) and attempt the same scheme .
ghostery would otherwise inform users about the use of google adsense on maone 's website .
after a troubling incident in which a patient threatens her life , she decides to retire , and goes out to visit the head doctor , dr. stephens , to inform him of the decision .
newspapers , magazines , blogs , television and film documentaries may use graphic design to inform and entertain .
when nasa — represented by a very shaken josh bennett as capcom — fails to inform them of this fact in a timely fashion , the astronauts bleakly conclude that they can no longer trust nasa .
because of the relative durability of sculpture , it has managed to survive and continue to influence and inform artists in varying cultures and eras , from europe to asia , and today , the whole world .
mollie agrees to let albert see mikey that night but forgets to inform james , who is babysitting mikey .
it houses exhibits to inform and educate on the role of navy underwater demolition teams ( udt ) and sea , air , land ( seal ) teams .
on e of his first duties as board secretary was to inform teachers of a cut in salary .
no special efforts were applied to inform teams that such skills were necessary and further competitions showed that russian teams experienced major problems with explaining themselves in english .
their fortunes changes in the second half of the season , and they clawed their way up the table they ended the season 7th as one the most inform teams of the league .
he did not know how to take this child of his back to his mother , narrations inform us that hussein approached the entrance to the tent of his infants mother rabab seven times as if he was building up the courage to face rabab who would be runied , disraught and will never again smile , while approaching back and forth seven times narrations state hussein recited ' verily we are allah ’s and verily unto him we return .
on a more abstract level , it helps inform finding appropriate solutions to many problems ; step back , take another look , turn the elements over and around and reassemble .
nikko , who lives with his older brother stavros ( christopher jacot ) , does not inform his brother that he has joined show choir or that he is attempting to get a record deal because he knows stavros would not approve .
starting in verse 13 , jesus then goes on to inform his disciples that they will not always be warmly received .
he was switched onto the wrong line at the junction prior to the final approach to the tunnel , but that was due to his train lacking proper signals to inform the switch tower operator which route the train was to take .
once a route is set , or the signalling centre has provided authorization , a white lamp below the marker board is lit to inform the driver .
in 1991 , hhs promulgated safe harbor regulations , reflecting congress’ intent to permit contract administration fees and creating the additional safeguard that gpos inform members of administrative fees in excess of 3.0 percent .
agent grant calls burke at the nsa to inform him , but burke is content to let the echelon replicate itself worldwide , in the interests of us national security .
just then , toad arrives to inform the bros. that peach has been captured .
the drazens plan a trap for jack and order nina to inform him that kim has been killed to provoke him to attack the drazens , allowing them to kill him .
loder was one of the first to break the news of kurt cobain 's death ; he interrupted regular programming to inform viewers that cobain was found dead .
some guests at the party inform rajiv that some shop 's including rajinder 's is going to be sealed soon .
when the romans were about to wage war on philip , they sent ambassadors to amynander to inform him of their intention .
the university of chicago formerly had a " stance " on the neighboring communities to help inform students of stable and safe areas .
the blog is used to post show audio , inform listeners about upcoming topics , and discuss political issues .
the captain wishes to not inform the ports authority to avoid quarantine - revisiting an earlier story line
when a masseuse is sent by to see bond 's intentions , he soon demonstrated value as an ally of bond and then inform the whereabouts of zao , their common enemy that has killed several chinese agents , and offer a flight to cuba so that memories can give him .
zagorin argues that the work remains of permanent interest because of the exceptional intellect that thucydides brought to the writing of history , and to the originality , penetration , and the breadth and intensity of vision that inform his narrative .
under the law , insurance companies must inform consumers of their rights prior to making a recommendation for a repair provider .
the platoon inform captain mainwaring that after a particularly heavy night drinking , wilson was seen about town with a young girl ( a wren ) on his arm .
he said that accepting the call from the gangster without bothering to inform the fbi was ' in no way inconsistent with my devotion to my own responsibilities , my public responsibilities . ' "
spike wants to talk with buffy , but dawn and xander are not happy to see him or with the fact that buffy did n't inform them that she saw spike earlier .
on december 11 , 1885 , they crossed the border into mexico , and according to the border agreement , crawford stopped to inform the mexican authorities that they were in pursuit of the hostiles before pushing on into the rugged sierra madres .
the centre 's partners are similarly asked to inform their respective media organs .
those that do n't pass the test used to have their rinds marked with lines or crosses all the way around to inform consumers that they are not getting top - quality parmigiano - reggiano ; more recent practices simply have these lesser rinds stripped of all markings .
also in 593 , knowing that the princess dayi was still resentful of him , emperor wen had the official pei ju inform the cousin and subordinate khan to tujue 's dulan khan , ashina yongyulü , the tuli khan ashina rangan ( son of ashina chuluohou ) that he would let ashina rangan marry a sui princess if ashina rangan was able to get princess dayi killed .
" this is to inform you what you have to undergo gentlemen if providing you do n't pull down your mashines and rise the poor men 's wages the married men give tow and six pence a day a day the single tow shillings or we will burn down your barns and you in them . this is the last notis from ... ( illegible ) "
in the same letter halley found it necessary to inform newton of hooke 's conduct when the manuscript of the principia was presented to the society .
arjun however manages to grab the hand phone of one of the passers - by and calls michael to inform his whereabouts .
as dr. howard 's 6-year term approached its close , centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) director julie gerberding met with him to inform him that he would not be reappointed .
todd believes that imlay begged to be allowed to stay with them because life in godwin 's house was unbearable , with the constant financial worries and mrs godwin 's insistent haranguing , and that percy refused , concerned that anyone learn about clairmont 's condition , least of all someone he believed might inform godwin ( shelley was being sued by his wife and was worried about his own reputation ) .
many of these fields overlap , complement and inform each other .
for third - country nationals , this protocol gives the parties 14 days to inform each other of the number of persons to be returned after the date of illegal entry .
, and inform the company they work for , etc .
ewc holds that the most fundamental step to be taken toward raising public awareness and knowledge is to inform people from all different social strata , from the layman up to the highest level of decision makers .
saraswati decides to cancel the engagement and writes to kumud to inform her .
the same year weiser returned to america in 1723 , william keith , baronet governor of pennsylvania , was in albany doing indian business when he heard about the suffering and injustice brought upon the germans in new york , and went out of his way to inform they of the freedom of justice in pennsylvania .
" scalpel safety " is a term coined to inform users that there are choices available to them to ensure their protection from this common sharps injury .
laws requiring these tags were passed in the united states to inform consumers as to whether the stuffed article they were buying contained new or recycled materials .
“ outport on the other side of nowhere ” to tell henry his sad cable story ; he has come to inform him that he knows a horrible secret about the stevens family , and he ’ll take money , thank you very much , to keep his mouth shut .
the final parade is used to lower the rnzaf ensign , and to inform the cadets on upcoming events in the unit .
if a passenger presses this indicator , a control on the platform changes the signals for the driver to inform them that the train should stop at this station .
this letter was published anonymously in november 1675 , and quickly became a bestseller , in no small part because it was one of the first books ever to inform the public about the debates that occurred within the house of lords .
this is important because it can inform on how different industries of sections of societies related to each other - both within a cultural region or with foreign societies .
jack and charley are going over things , and kitty and amy enter to inform jack that the only way they 'll get to marry the girls is to get mr. spettigue 's consent in writing .
ideam elaborated a guide to inform river basing planning in 2004 .
then he meets the grundy only to inform him about it .
more recently scholars interested in the cognitive science of religion such as pascal boyer , pierre liénard , and william w. mccorkle jr. have been involved in experimental , ethnographic , and archival research on how ritualized actions might inform the study of ritualization and ritual forms of action .
meanwhile , candace interrupts linda while she 's at the dentist to inform her about the skate ramp .
zimbabwe 's justice minister patrick chinamasa wrote to the tribunal to inform of zimbabwe ’s withdrawal from the tribunal in a letter written on august 7 , 2009 , arguing that it did not have jurisdiction over zimbabwe because the tribunal 's protocol has not yet been ratified by two - thirds of the total members of the sadc , as required by the organization 's treaty , and stated that zimbabwe would no longer be bound by any of the tribunal ’s past or future judgments .
she also wrote to ross to inform him of the developments , and he returned to brookfield on saturday february 28 .
however , on that day , alexandr vondra announced the work was probably created by a smaller group of people , explaining that černý did not inform him about this until the evening before .
gds provides applications that the participating carrier can purchase and use to inform its passengers by means of alerts on their mobile phones .
the ministry of labor performed regular worksite inspections , responded to specific complaints , and maintained offices in each region and throughout the santiago metropolitan region to identify potentially abusive situations and inform workers of their legal rights .
it was reported that he had been shot by members of the french or belgian resistance who had tracked him down , however joseph lived long enough to inform police that he had been accidentally shot by his friend .
macbride arrived with " jason " , and the storeship , in january 1766 , with orders to secure a settlement and to inform any existing inhabitants that the islands were a british possession .
the strength these subject areas comes from drawing on theory and traditional and modern techniques to inform students’ individual assignments , providing a pathway to higher artistic proficiency .
feedback from the testers is used to inform the production of the finished aidgap guide .
during the enemy bondage of greece , he edited with some of his colleagues the newspaper of national resistance " fighting greece " " ( μαχόμενη ελλάς ) " , ( august 1942 - october 1943 ) , where he was writing the main articles and many columns in order to tone up the moral and to inform the greek people , along with subverting the moral of the enemy .
in some cases , the alternative newspaper was the first to inform the families that their daughters had long been confirmed as victims of a serial killer .
it ’s used to inform business decisions , policy formation , communication and research .
first and foremost , gis displays can help inform proper understanding and drive better decisions .
nascar said mayfield told the lab he would call right back but no one was contacted until 5:30 p.m. , when mayfield 's attorney called nascar to inform them mayfield could not find the location so the lawyer had sent him to an independent laboratory .
the program involves the teacher / professor to inform the children of fictional penpals , in order for the children to write letters to them .
there is rivalry between the two groups however ; in " reset " , jack derisively refers to unit in this episode as " the acceptable face of intelligence gathering about aliens " , and torchwood did not inform unit about the powerful resurrection gauntlet .
later that night , eric , pam and chow inform sookie that bill has actually been in mississippi because lorena , bill 's former lover ( and maker as you later find out ) , had summoned him .
lin zhennan meets linghu chong and yue lingshan , requesting them to inform his son about where the sunflower manual is hidden .
after mazinger 's intromission , gorgon goes down to the mikene underworld to inform the general of darkness about the situation .
in " upon this rock " , peter calls claire to inform her of nathan 's death .
the final parade to inform the cadets on upcoming events in the unit .
while the witches do not directly advise macbeth to kill king duncan , they use a subtle form of temptation when they inform macbeth that he is destined to be king .
the acc in 2008 launched cardiosmart , a web site intended to engage and inform cardiovascular patients and their families .
the analysis is always done in a reading recovery lesson to inform planning for the next lesson .
in addition to their bilateral tasks ( they inform the ministry of life about current environmental and agricultural affairs ) , some attachés are also responsible for representing the ministry of life at several international organisations like the oecd , fao , or the united nations .
the insurers refused because they claimed spears did not fully inform them of the 1999 knee injury in the insurance form .
a modified rom replaced the basic interpreter with a boot screen to inform the user to insert a cartridge .
these networks were not only meant to provide european leadership in the theme concerned , but also to form a reliable basis for policy and to inform society .
i regret to inform you that tuvalu can not accept this document . "
according to a january 2007 poll by harris interactive , 32% of the public had heard of the interchange fee ; once explained to them , 91% said congress " should compel credit card companies to better inform consumers " about the fee .
above all , though , scent marking is used to inform other wolves and packs that a certain territory is occupied , and that they should therefore tread cautiously .
while some such exhibits may be conducted in character as a representation of typical everyday life , others are specifically organized to inform the public and so might include an emphasis on handicrafts or other day - to - day activities , which are convenient to stage and interesting to watch , and may be explained out of character .
realising that one of the philosopher 's stone 's defences is no longer secure , harry goes to inform professor dumbledore , only to find that the headmaster has just left for an important meeting .
neither inform lise that he is unaccounted - for , fearing to cause her any anxiety in the final stages of her pregnancy .
the final parade to inform the cadets on upcoming events in the unit .
the ' starmen inform kathy of her husband 's new employment to molinari and suspect the latter 's possible defection to the reegs .
its mandate is to research key technology subjects , how these impact society and inform conservative party policy in uk and european contexts .
“ using experiments to inform the privatization / deregulation movement in electricity , ”
the fbi inform the team that pierce has escaped and will likely seek revenge against kevin ford or josh foley , the former reaver that betrayed him .
abhimanyu lands in goa and meets d.i.g(kaikala satyanarayana ) to inform him about his mission .
in its representative role , an important function of the university council is to inform officers of the university -- as well as the citizens of the university at - large -- of the views and strength of views held by members of the university community .
he has also authored several if games , including the acclaimed " curses " ( 1993 ) and " jigsaw " ( 1995 ) , using the experience of writing " curses " in particular to expand the range of verbs that inform is capable of understanding .
meanwhile , erickson and perez inform hoffman that abnormalities were found in strahm 's fingerprints , and that the scrambled voice from the seth baxter tape did not match jigsaw 's .
imbri returns to castle roogna to inform arnolde the centaur that he is now king of xanth .
zonal forums help na groups , areas or regions to work together to translate literature , inform the local community about na and create new service committees .
the inform höðr that baldr witnessed nanna bathing , yet warn höðr not to challenge baldr to combat — no matter what he may do — for baldr sprang from divine seed and is therefore a demi - god .
according to their mission statement , this program aims to " generate new ideas , encourage enlightened public debate , promote sound policy and program development and , ultimately , inform individual decision making . "
from marshall 's remark , van cleave inferred that " the positive intelligence that counterintelligence may supply — that is , how and to what ends governments use the precious resources that their intelligence services represent — can help inform the underlying [ national ] foreign and defense policy debate , but only if our policy leadership is alert enough to appreciate the value of such insights . "
if you see any suspicious - looking person or article , please inform our staff . "
during the siege of the stonewall , craig rodwell called " the new york times " , " the new york post " , and " the new york daily news " to inform them what was happening .
