a series of subsequent discoveries led to the realization decades later that chromosomes within cells are the carriers of genetic material , and that they are made of dna ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , a polymeric molecule found in all cells on which the ' discrete units ' of mendelian inheritance are encoded .
financed by an inheritance received by augustus 's wife , charlotte , on august 26 , 1836 , the allen brothers purchased 6,600 acres ( 27 km² ) along the buffalo bayou for $ 5,000 , for the purpose of establishing a new city .
legal inheritance .
inheritance and expression .
equality feminists believe that both men and women , while unquestionably biologically and anatomically different , enter the world with the genetic inheritance of a mother and a father and from that respect human nature is androgynous , neutral , and equal .
he received as his inheritance , the sparsely populated western porhoët , in 1116 .
since then it has passed from the prestons to the lowthers and then the cavendishes by inheritance , but it has never been sold .
such theories have grown from different premises and approaches , examples of which include ( but are not limited to ) rationalism ( theories arrived at through logic ) , empiricism ( theories arrived at through observation ) , and even through leaps of faith , hope and inheritance ( such as the supernaturalist philosophies and religions ) .
3 dhani harrison - £ 160 m inheritance
though it has not been a necessary part of daily survival for a long time , generations of americans have continued to embrace and glorify it as a living inheritance — a permanent ingredient of the nation 's style and culture .
originally brought to japan through the united states ( like charles davenport and john coulter ) , through mendelian inheritance by way of the german orthodox church , and french lamarkian eugenic written studies of the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
however , their cooperation began to loosen from 1053 when the king fathered a son , salamon , because from that time king andrew wanted to ensure his son 's inheritance against his brother , who pursuant to the old hungarian costumes , as the oldest member of the royal family , could lay claim to the throne in case of the king 's death .
this is significant as it allowed for indians who converted from hindu , islam , christianity , etc equal rights under the law , namely in the case of inheritance .
as his inheritance of the supposed claim on the death of his uncle ian abney - hastings , lord mauchline would have occurred in 1944 , the documentary highlighting his claim to the throne was broadcast in his " diamond jubilee " year .
to save her inheritance , caroline - accused for her homosexuality by her horrible sister catherine ( laurence vincendon ) - tells her aunt amélie ( monique darpy ) , that gloria is her secretary and alex her lover .
western economists estimated that 35 percent of the new farms would not be economically viable and expressed concern that , unless restrictions on land sales were lifted , inheritance would lead to land fragmentation and hamper development .
monasteries became a place for second sons to live in celibacy so that the family inheritance went to the first son ; in exchange the families donated to the monasteries .
marumakkathayam is a matrilinear system of inheritance which was followed by castes of royal families , nayars , most of the ambalavasis , arayars , ezhava , some tribal groups and mappilas in north malabar of kerala state , south india .
incidence and inheritance .
with this triple compact between the three heirs , charles ii was shut out : the support of a co - heir carried weight in deciding inheritance , and john ii had the support of both , whilst charles ii had the support of neither .
this elaborate entail is usually taken to indicate that thomas quiney was not to be entrusted with shakespeare 's inheritance , although some have speculated that it may simply indicate that susanna was the favoured child .
since his sons from the first marriage were not entitled to the inheritance , and the second produced only surviving daughters , tirol was reunified with the other habsburg lines .
the ishak mosque is the inheritance of the famous kadi ishak çelebi .
the left - wing newspaper " libération " reflected the manner in which many of its readers perceived him by the headline " amaury falls from his horse : the horse is safe " his death led to a six - year legal battle over inheritance .
when charles ' elder brother , john ii , duke of bourbon , died on 1 april 1488 , charles - as john 's nearest heir - made a claim for the family inheritance in the bourbonnais and auvergne .
although the inheritance of the castle can be traced through the 16th and 17th centuries , there is little to indicate how it was used in this period , or if the family spent much time in it .
inheritance .
soon after besant 's inheritance of the presidency , in 1909 , leadbeater discovered jiddu krishnamurti on the private beach that was attached to the society 's headquarters at adyar .
on november 25 , 2003 , classic media released a three episode set , " lassie : best of jeff 's collie , " which included the series first episode , " inheritance " .
in return for his aid against bohemund and the rebels , the duke surrendered his share in the castles of calabria to his uncle in 1085 , and in 1091 his inheritance in palermo .
i watched the plundering of my inheritance till the first one went his way but handed over the caliphate to ibn al - khattab after himself .
after his death , the inheritance was divided among henry 's sons , walram and otto .
inheritance combined with polymorphism allows class b to inherit from class a without having to retain all features of class a ; it can do some of the things that class a does differently .
familial cases are associated with autosomal dominant inheritance .
for example , the first ruler 's era name , gia long , is the combination of the old names for saigon ( gia định ) and hanoi ( thăng long ) to show the new unity of the country ; the fourth , tự đức , means " inheritance of virtues " ; the ninth , đồng khánh , means " collective celebration " .
hatoyama had contributed significant amounts of her inheritance to help finance the political and career goals of both her sons .
the maxwells were also at feud with the powerful clan douglas over the earldom of morton , which he regarded as his inheritance .
his inheritance was in gilead through the line of machir , the son of manasseh .
importance of inheritance law in islam .
however , they cooperation began to loosen from 1053 when the king fathered a son , solomon , because from that time he wanted to ensure his son 's inheritance against his brother , who pursuant to the old hungarian customs , as the oldest member of the royal family , could lay claim to the throne in case of the king 's death .
he developed these archetypes in " campos de castilla " ( " castilian plains " ) in such key poems as " la tierra de alvargonzález , " and " por tierras de españa " , which are based on biblical inheritance stories .
from 1884 , his youngest brother ernest gradually took over the running of the perth store , and another brother , edward , took the geraldon business as his inheritance .
after several dangerous encounters , he is rescued by alan , who turns out to be a jacobite wanted by the authorities . evading the soldiers , the two make their way back to the house of shaws , where alan tricks ebenezer into admitting his crimes within the hearing of a hidden witness , allowing david to claim his inheritance .
inheritance is aggressively autosomal dominant .
the ancient inheritance of the duttons was passed by marriage to the gerrards and the fleetwoods .
she later refused the inheritance coming from the estate .
components only support single inheritance .
for this he is punished by receiving a reduced inheritance and is called to account for various articles he had taken with him from the family home and workshop .
inheritance tax .
he depleted his treasury funding a vain crusade to rescue the holy land , but after the death of his only son andrew ( 5 september 1333 – grenoble , october 1335 ) , he quickly gave up the idea and by 1337 was planning to ceded his inheritance .
" it is scarcely necessary to add that the householders of newbury received no compensation when thus deprived of the valuable rights and privileges which had been enjoyed by the commonalty of the town for so many centuries , but their inheritance was bestowed on their more favoured neighbours , whose only claim was that they were already possessed , by purchase or otherwise , of land within the boundaries of the borough " .
despite delegation being fairly widespread , relatively few major programming languages implement delegation as an alternative model to static inheritance .
it is revealed that she comes from a very well - off family , though she rejected her inheritance so that she could continue being an assistant at the bookstore .
indira jaising argued several cases relating to discrimination against women , including the mary roy 's case , which led to the grant of equal inheritance rights for syrian christian women in kerala and rupan deol bajaj , the ias officer who had prosecuted kps gill for outraging her modesty .
the inheritance is given —
the following july , less than a year after his crowning as king henry iii of england , she left him in the care of his regent , william marshal , 1st earl of pembroke and returned to france to assume control of her inheritance of angoulême , which had belonged to her " suo jure " since 1202 .
there are a number of reasons why a person might wish to avoid an inheritance , particularly if the proceeds would only go to their creditors , or if it would drastically affect their income tax liabilities .
§ 2 - 103 of the uniform probate code , which has been adopted by a number of states , sets the outer limits of the right to inheritance with grandparents , aunts and uncles , and first cousins .
pure javascript , being a prototype - based language , already has a notion of object orientation and inheritance , but objective - j adds the use of class - based programming to javascript .
it uses the concepts of classes , objects , and inheritance .
as there were several parent slots , essentially self has multiple inheritance .
frustrated from cartman 's inheritance , he renounces his faith completely .
urse 's estates grew under william ii , partly as a result of the inheritance of some of the lands of his brother , robert despenser , who died about 1097 .
kiran desai 's 2006 booker prize - winning novel , " the inheritance of loss " , set in kalimpong the 1980s , tells the story of a retired judge 's family and their neighbours , with the nepalalese insurgent movement led by the gnlf .
as part of binary policy to develop capital ownership for each member of the population , there is no estate duty ( or inheritance tax ) on death " if " the estate devolves in such a way as to spread capital estates to more individuals .
in addition to preserving rare plant and animal life , areas are protected to maintain reference points for environmental research , recreational resources for norwegians , and as an inheritance for future generations .
marcus pembrey and colleagues also observed that the paternal ( but not maternal ) grandsons of swedish boys who were exposed during preadolescence to famine in the 19th century were less likely to die of cardiovascular disease ; if food was plentiful then diabetes mortality in the grandchildren increased , suggesting that this was a transgenerational epigenetic inheritance .
the constitution also created an independent judiciary , guaranteed inheritance of estates by primogeniture , and installed catholicism as the state religion .
under this legislation , she succeeded in having his will rewritten in 1920 so that she and ezra norton each received a third of his inheritance , allowing ezra norton to gain control of " truth and sportsman ltd " the publisher of the sydney " truth " , the melbourne " truth " , sister papers in brisbane and perth and the " sydney sportsman " , each published on sundays .
in practice , this is solved by introducing priority inheritance .
its syntax is nearly identical to the objective - c syntax and it shares with javascript the same relationship that objective - c has with the c programming language : that of being a strict , but small , superset ; adding traditional inheritance and smalltalk / objective - c style dynamic dispatch .
the estate for years and the life estate are estates not of inheritance ; the owner owns nothing after the term of years has passed , and can not pass on anything to his or her heirs .
de coucy gathered a mercenary army of such knights to enforce his inheritance rights versus his habsburg relatives .
the singular inheritance of miss gloria wilson .
he received an inheritance after an uncle died and bought " the idler " , but the business failed in under two years .
by the twelfth century great churches in germany , like those elsewhere were finding it difficult to hold out against the accumulation of lay custom and lay objections to temporary inheritance .
in 1882 - 1883 he visited india as tagore professor of law , calcutta , where he gave twelve lectures later published as " outlines of an history of the hindu law of partition , inheritance and adoption " ( 1885 ) .
both autosomal dominant and autosomal recessive inheritance have been reported with this disorder .
however , this splendour was not to last . faults in its constructions and inheritance problems led to a rapid degradation .
vb supports both objects and classes , but not inheritance , so it does not qualify as object - oriented .
he united these two titles by dynastic inheritance and , through conquest and diplomacy , added some more lands to his realm , effectively becoming the first king of what is generally known as a unified georgian monarchy .
languages have different ways of dealing with these problems of repeated inheritance .
upon the death of the grantee , a designated inheritance such as a peerage , or a monarchy , passes automatically to that living , legitimate , natural relative of the grantee who is most senior in descent , regardless of the relative age ; and thereafter continues to pass to subsequent successors of the grantee , according to the same formula , upon the death of each subsequent heir .
autosomal recessive inheritance .
the finance act 2004 introduced an income tax regime known as " pre - owned asset tax " which aims to reduce the use of common methods of inheritance tax avoidance .
this inheritance and his marriage to elizabeth sutherland , 19th countess of sutherland , who owned most of sutherland , brought him great wealth .
such an entailment was quite common in aristocratic circles , to ensure the integrity of the inheritance .
following the rediscovery of mendelian inheritance in 1900 , morgan 's research moved to the study of mutation in the fruit fly " drosophila melanogaster " .
otto ( died 944 ) was the count of verdun by inheritance and duke of lorraine by appointment of otto i , holy roman emperor .
" time out london " gave the film a positive review and wrote , " less ambitious and less concerned with plastic values than the best of keaton , this is nevertheless a dazzlingly balletic comedy in which buster has a matter of hours to acquire the wife on which a seven million dollar inheritance depends ...
the dorfold estate passed back to descendants of the wilbraham family in 1861 on inheritance by anne tollemache , the wife of wilbraham spencer tollemache , who became high sheriff of cheshire in 1865 .
phillipe gets his lawyer to change the location to issoudun in order to claim his mother 's inheritance for himself .
this preference for female dominance existed well into the twentieth century : " ... matrilineal inheritance laws , and agricultural work performed by women continued in basque country until the early twentieth century .
inheritance tax .
salic patrimony or inheritance or land property refers to clannish possession of real estate property , particularly in germanic context .
vitré did not suffer massive destruction during the two world wars , and preserved its historical inheritance , with the exception of fougères , which underwent a terrible bombardment in june 1944 , destroying a good part of it .
fairfax was made a ward of the state on his father 's death , and later put his meagre inheritance toward a degree in journalism , specializing in world affairs .
abu bakr said , " verily , the apostle of god said , ' we do not leave inheritance , what we leave goes into sadaqah . '
his successor , rupert d’cruze was presented with a splendid inheritance .
variations on primogeniture modify the right of the first - born son to the entirety of a family 's inheritance ( see appanage ) or , in modern times , eliminate the preference for male over female siblings .
pseudogamy refers to any reproductive process that requires pollination but does not involve male inheritance .
the right rev. dr. john fisher married dorothea ( scrivener ) fisher , daughter of john freston of sibton abbey , yoxford , suffolk , who had changed his name to scrivener on an inheritance .
louis was left with bavaria while pepin , his grandson , was left out of the inheritance .
the current rail network is based on the inheritance from the former soviet union and as such has a broad gauge of .
in the 1850s , while serving his " katorga " ( forced labor ) sentence in siberia for circulating politically subversive texts , dostoevsky encountered the young man ilyinsky who had been convicted of killing his father to acquire an inheritance .
largely through inheritance , burton was one of the upper cumberland 's largest slaveholders , owning around 100 slaves at the outbreak of the civil war in 1861 .
the inheritance caused much scandal and led to a long period of litigation within the family .
amelogenesis imperfecta can have different inheritance patterns depending on the gene that is altered .
by the time of parnell 's death in 1891 , joyce had spent most of his inheritance and had been pensioned from his post at the customs house .
hume 's younger brothers unsuccessfully sued their niece sophia for the scottish inheritance .
large studies in 2005 and 2007 stress the importance of the maternal line in the inheritance of male pattern baldness .
then the king said , that he thought the law was founded upon reason , and that he and others had reason , as well as the judges : to which it was answered by me , that true it was , that god had endowed his majesty with excellent science , and great endowments of nature ; but his majesty was not learned in the lawes of his realm of england , and causes which concern the life , or inheritance , or goods , or fortunes of his subjects ; they are not to be decided by naturall reason but by the artificiall reason and judgment of law , which law is an act which requires long study and experience , before that a man can attain to the cognizance of it ; and that the law was the golden metwand and measure to try the causes of the subjects ; and which protected his majesty in safety and peace .
george anticipating a big inheritance begins to spend money .
diane uses the inheritance left to her by jack to buy val out , making her the sole owner of the woolpack inn .
after yuan died , cao killed yuan shao 's son yuan tan ( 173–205 ce ) , who had fought with his brothers over the family inheritance .
in 1996 , using a $ 5,000 inheritance from her grandmother , bobo launched the national interfaith committee for worker justice .
islamic jihad took over the name twentieth revolution brigades , promising to uphold its jihadi inheritance .
perses plays the role of hesiod 's less - than - responsible brother , foolishly handling an inheritance given to him by the ruling of unjust judges .
in role based access control , the role hierarchy defines an inheritance relationship among roles .
worm was the son of willum worm who served as the mayor of aarhus , and was made a rich man by the inheritance from his father .
furthermore , the equation is a general equation based in the inheritance of genetically - based characteristics ( in this case , phenotypes ) , and so it is implicitly assumed that environmental factors are , for the sake of correctly assessing the genetic contribution to iq , the same across the population .
james was a sugar - refiner ( his father 's trade ) and banker in post - revolutionary new york , and amassed a large fortune in addition to his inheritance .
the bourbon inheritance .
the total number of shareholders has fluctuated since due to transfers through inheritance and gifting of shares , but the total number of shares remain the same .
main street has an interest in opposing the inheritance tax ( the so - called " death tax " ) , which affects entrepreneurs ; wall street wants low taxes on capital gains .
inheritance pattern said to be autosomal but there are arguments as to whether it is autosomal dominant or autosomal recessive .
" calamity anne 's inheritance " is a 1913 american silent short romantic western directed by allan dwan starring louise lester , j. warren kerrigan , and charlotte burton .
unexpected inheritance .
sometimes women could not inherit , themselves , but passed the right of inheritance to their sons .
for example , in multi - inheritance , which initializing code should be called first is a difficult question to answer .
when the four sisters band together to protect a family inheritance it is the last straw .
in vdm - sl there is a conventional modular extension whereas vdm++ has a traditional object - oriented structuring mechanism with classes and inheritance .
data from the panel study of income dynamics ( psid ) indicate that in the 1990s , nearly 1 in every 4 white families received an inheritance after the death of a parent , while only about 1 in every 20 african american families inherited in this manner .
american economist timur kuran proposed an answer why economic development in the middle east lagged that of the west : islamic partnership law and inheritance law interacted to keep middle eastern enterprises small , never allowing the development of corporate forms .
in 1198 he was able to procure a five years ' truce with the muslims , owing to the struggle between saladin 's brothers and his sons for the inheritance of his territories .
inheritance due to usage and non - usage is excluded .
in terms of support of public policies , according to the same 2001 study , 76% of the general public think that there should be laws to protect gay and lesbian people from job discrimination , 74% from housing discrimination , 73% for inheritance rights , 70% support health and other employee benefits for domestic partners , 68% support social security benefits , and 56% support gl people openly serving in the military .
the mechanism of inheritance appears to be through an autosomal dominant gene with incomplete penetrance .
through inheritance and unprejudiced methods , jonsson came to control the largest private non - royal wealth sweden has ever seen .
an inheritance from the colonial era , colombia remains a deeply roman catholic country and maintains a large base of catholic traditions which provide a point of unity for its multicultural society .
when hlod heard that his father heidrek was dead and that his half - brother angantyr had been proclaimed king of the goths , his grandfather humli said that hlod had to go to arheimar and demand his rightful inheritance .
this is a list of female rulers and title holders who ruled or reigned over a political jurisdiction in their own right or by right of feudal inheritance .
his sister adelaide passed on the carniolan inheritance to her grandson conrad i , duke of merania .
in the 15th century , abū al - hasan ibn alī al - qalasādī , a specialist in islamic inheritance jurisprudence , developed a mathematical notation for algebra which took " the first steps toward the introduction of algebraic symbolism . "
louis xiv justified this with the fact that the promised dowry had not been paid and that the queen 's renunciation of her inheritance was therefore invalid .
for example , many popular c++ compilers implement single inheritance by concatenation of the parent class fields with the child class fields , but this is not required by the standard .
arthur had been invested by king philip as the rightful lord of the angevin inheritance .
he contends that a contemporary reader would not have seen cathy 's ghost 's actions as a gesture of undying love for heathcliff but one of towering , protective rage ; cathy haunted heathcliff to death only to prevent him from cheating her daughter out of her inheritance .
polar overdominance is a unique form of inheritance ( described in sheep ) whereby a mutant callipyge allele must be inherited from the father to cause muscle hypertrophy ( big buttocks ) .
these backgrounds explain the composition of upper and rhenish palatinate in the inheritance centuries onwards .
spend down small inheritance immediately to avoid termination
some states of the federation appropriated an indigenous inheritance in order to reinforce their identity .
march 22 , 1090 ad ) , king of galicia and portugal , was the youngest of the three sons and heirs of ferdinand i , king of castile and león , and sancha of león , whose leonese inheritance included the lands garcía would be given .
partible inheritance .
further reduction in the size of the " fazendas " , mostly caused by inheritance transmission , and a series of rainless years in the 1980s and 1990s contributed to the economic decline of são jose de espinharas - just like it did for most of the " sertão " - the peculiar hinterlands of northeastern brazil .
haku 's genetic inheritance , allows him to mix wind and water elements to create ice .
governors are placed on the chair either by hereditary inheritance or by " shooting their way onto the chair " ---- a coup , usually by a successful general , but sometimes a defeated one .
neither had the registers at any time provided the requisite detail to allow the verification of age , lineal descent , or right of inheritance .
calling for what charles taylor has named a " new department " of reason , with a possibility - disclosing role that kompridis calls " reflective disclosure " , kompridis argues that critical theory must embrace its neglected german romantic inheritance and once again imagine alternatives to existing social and political conditions , " if it is to have a future worthy of its past . "
this was an inheritance from the " catalog " , which had , for instance , run a review of gerald heard 's work .
she was also required to create annuities drawn from her own inheritance for her three younger sons .
" programmers preferring the java / c # model of inheritance can choose to inherit only one non - abstract class , although in this case the declared member functions of the abstract base classes must be explicitly defined and can not be inherited .
richard had died before 1669 when his brothers , john and edward , argued over the inheritance of richard 's lands in cornwall .
they also explain various ways that substitute heirs can be appointed if the original heirs should die or refuse to comply with the conditions laid out in the will and describe how potential heirs can take inventory of an estate before deciding to accept an inheritance .
essentially , a role is a bundle of ( possibly abstract ) methods and attributes that can be added to a class without using inheritance .
he invested his entire inheritance but remington found ranching to be a rough , boring , isolated occupation which deprived him of the finer things of eastern life , and the real ranchers thought of him as lazy .
jean has already thought about this , and using her inheritance , she starts several business enterprises to help the small outback town of willstown develop into a place where people would like to live — " a town like alice " .
kirkman had received a substantial inheritance on his father ’s death in 1661 , which he squandered , and although he had an entrepreneurial spirit he suffered continual financial problems .
an example for this is the c++ programming language , in which multiple inheritance can cause pointers to base objects to have different addresses .
one set of grandparents were tanners : his genetic inheritance from them was a taste for fine materials .
blending inheritance was merely a wide spread hypothetical model , rather than a formalized scientific theory ( it was never formally presented to a scientific body , nor published in any scientific journals , nor ascribed to any specific person ) , in which it was thought inherited traits were determined , randomly , from a range bounded by the homologous traits found in the parents .
dual inheritance theorists , in contrast , will consider a variety of genetic and cultural processes in addition to natural selection on genes .
“ coming down to 220,000 b.c. , to the city of the golden gates , we find mars there ruling as emperor , and bearing by inheritance the title of ‘
( see , ) adoption was viewed " as a lie , as an artificial tie between adults and children , devoid of any real emotional relationship , as a cause of confusion where lineage was concerned and thus a possible source of problems regarding marriage between members of the same family and regarding inheritance . "
this scan confirmed autosomal dominant monogenic inheritance and localized the gene responsible to a small section of chromosome 7 .
the founder was the monk berchaire , later canonized ; the extensive site , which was bercharius ' inheritance , was in the forest of der ; " puteolus " , the " monasterium in dervo " became montier - en - der , which also came to be applied to the commune that grew up around this important abbey .
thus in botany , pseudogamy is used for any reproductive process that requires pollination but does not involve male inheritance .
through the inheritance of his wife , he was also the count of rappolstein from 1673 until he granted that title to his son christian iii .
on april 12 , propelled by both genuine conviction and the spirit of independence , the chamber of deputies roundly rejected the government 's proposal to change the inheritance laws .
the defining characteristic of sexual reproduction is recombination , in which each of the offspring receives 50% of its genetic inheritance from each of the parents .
however , shari'a or islamic law is applied to aspects of family law , inheritance and certain criminal acts .
there is also inheritance between classes which can make use of the codice_5 specifier .
he argues that the torah supports the free market and opposes punitive taxation , and wants people to pass on assets to their descendants rather than being taken by the government by inheritance taxes .
louise lester is most famous for starring as calamity anne in the film series playing the lead role in films such as " calamity anne 's inheritance , " calamity anne 's vanity " , " calamity anne 's beauty " and " calamity anne , heroine " all in 1913 .
tom gave him an ultimatum , split up with chas or lose his multi - million pound inheritance .
with the inheritance case settled , he left the public eye and returned to the life of a rural landowner ; he placed craigievar castle in the hands of the national trust for scotland and continued to live in his house at brux .
" although roman law excluded women from all legal and political positions on the grounds of their inability to act on behalf of others , it did acknowledge their right to own and dispose of property , and gave daughters and sons equal inheritance rights to their father 's estate " .
the addition of the campbell name was a condition of the inheritance .
the masterson inheritance .
ralph de greasley 's land passed by inheritance and marriage to nicholas de cantelupe who took part in edward iii of england 's scottish campaigns and also the battle of crécy .
he lost not only the bulk of his book profits but also a large portion of the inheritance of his wife .
eventually , castille and aragon grew in power either through conquest or by dynastic inheritance and merged in 1469 with the marriage of the catholic monarchs .
willoughby , somewhat to his dismay , is forgiven by his aunt for his treatment of eliza and reclaims his inheritance .
of necessity , such women were generally financially independent of men , due either to family inheritance or to their own career earnings .
example of true prototypal inheritance style
after an excruciating session , moe enters his classroom to tell shemp that his uncle had died and left him an inheritance of five hundred thousand dollars .
darwin used the term gemmule to describe a microscopic unit of inheritance , and what would later become known as chromosomes had been observed separating out during cell division by wilhelm hofmeister as early as 1848 .
this emphasis on inheritance made the salic law a synonym for agnatic succession , and in particular for the " fundamental law " that no woman could be king of france .
throughout this period , her grandmother 's inheritance , which was now administered by her mother , was constantly depleted until it finally ran out following a disastrous investment in a failed gypsum mine .
due to an inheritance left to her by her late mother , she can work for a nominal fee as the editor of the " review of applied ethics " .
however , the elector quickly tired of aurora , who then spent her time trying to secure the position of princess - abbess of the quedlinburg abbey , an office which carried with it princely dignity as imperial estate of the holy roman empire , and to recover the lost inheritance of her family in sweden .
the book of mormon indicates that there was a western sea near the place of the american land of “ first inheritance ” .
in other cultures , widows are " required " to remarry within the family of their late husband ; see widow inheritance .
inheritance of acquired characteristics was part of haeckel 's recapitulation theory of evolution , which held that the embryological development of an organism repeats its evolutionary history .
peter also donated the marble altar of the new college 's chapel , which he financed from the inheritance that he received .
but kindred by blood are nearer to one another ( regarding inheritance ) in the decree ordained by allah .
joanna becomes determined that her own son , dafydd , will be his father 's heir as ruler of gwynedd , disregarding the welsh law that all sons should receive equal shares of their father 's inheritance .
i plead the cause and the rights of white freemen [ and ] i would preserve to free white labor a fair country , a rich inheritance , where the sons of toil , of my own race and own color , can live without the disgrace which association with negro slavery brings upon free labor . ”
at her father 's death , she also managed a huge inheritance after him .
genomic imprinting represents yet another example of non - mendelian inheritance .
( tulu : ಅಳಿಯ ಕಟ್ಟು ) ( nephew lineage ) in tulu or marumakkatayam in malayalam was , a matrilineal system of property inheritance practiced by many communities in coastal karnataka and kerala .
liechtenstein 's gift and estate taxes vary depending on the relationship the recipient has to the giver and the amount of the inheritance .
smallholders typically acquired their land through purchase , inheritance , or a claim of long - term use .
albert and renata know that since there are no other living heirs , the property is guaranteed to be theirs , and they go home to wait for the announcement of their inheritance .
the problem may not be noticed as the modifications are being written if the inheritance tree is complex .
the lords of toron were also connected to the lordship of oultrejourdain by the marriage of humphrey iii and the maternal inheritance of humphrey iv .
many other books in a broadly similar vein have subsequently been published , including the " earthsea " books of ursula k. le guin , " the dark tower " by stephen king , " the riftwar saga " by raymond feist , " the belgariad " by david eddings , the " shannara " series by terry brooks , the " thomas covenant " novels of stephen r. donaldson ; the " wheel of time " books of robert jordan ; the " inheritance cycle " by christopher paolini relies very heavily on it ; and , in the case of the " gormenghast " books by mervyn peake and " the worm ouroboros " by e. r. eddison , rediscovered .
the daughters are mentioned a third time , in the book of joshua , where they are simply portrayed as being given land in the territory of manasseh , to which their inheritance entitled them ; the text is unclear in regards to which part of manasseh 's territory they were granted land , except that it was n't in gilead .
" the aphrodite inheritance " is a television production made by the bbc in 1978 and which aired in 1979 .
the composite reuse principle is an alternative to inheritance .
bateson was the first to suggest the word " genetics " ( from the greek gennō , " γεννώ " ; " to give birth " ) to describe the study of inheritance and the science of variation in a personal letter to adam sedgwick , dated april 18 , 1905 .
( see epikleros ) the heiress in fact , together with her inheritance , seems to have belonged to the kinsmen of the family , so that in early times a father could not give his daughter ( if an heiress ) in marriage with out their consent .
michaelis worked primarily on the inheritance and segregation of cytoplasmic mutations in " epilobium " , a genus related to " oenothera " .
the following year , geoffrey gave ambrieres , gorron , and chatilon - sur - colmont to juhel de mayenne , on condition that he help obtain the inheritance of geoffrey 's wife .
the idea behind qtl mapping is to determine the " degree of association " of a specific region on the genome to the inheritance of the trait of interest .
inheritance of fiscal and administrative responsibility by the son - in - law , the wife or by the daughter is evident .
hebrews 1:14 puts the doctrine in its clearest light : " are they not all ministering spirits , sent to minister for them , who shall receive the inheritance of salvation ? "
often , however , one or more younger sons was encouraged to take clerical orders , thereby forfeiting all rights of inheritance .
it supports class - based and prototype - based programming styles as well as class - based inheritance and role - based extension .
owing to complicated local arrangements of land tenure , inheritance , and absentee landlords , the local lordship was weak , and crompton failed to emerge as a manor with its own lord and court .
in the code of hammurabi , provisions were found that addressed inheritance rights of women , including female prostitutes .
consanguinity is also relevant in issues of inheritance .
dhimmis often took cases relating to marriages , divorces and inheritance cases to the muslim courts so that these cases would be decided under shari’a law .
in the first part on taxes ( articles 1 to 47 ) , after setting out some general regulations , it then details the applicable regulation for each tax and the sum exacted in each of them : personal income tax ( irpf ) , corporations , personal income of non - residents , wealth , inheritance and gift tax , vat , capital transfer tax and stamp duty , tax on insurance premiums , excise duty , excise duty on the retail sale of certain mineral oils , gaming duties and fees .
newenham remained in the courtenay family until the latter part of the 14th century , when sir peter de courtenay , son of hugh de courtenay , 10th earl of devon sold his inheritance of the estate to sir hugh segrave .
most of the presidency followed a patrilineal system of inheritance .
a husband in islam must use his inheritance to support his family while a wife has no support obligations .
jeff makes his first appearance in the series premier , " the inheritance " ( 1954 ) , and his last appearance in the mid - fourth season episode , " transition " ( 1957 ) .
depressed , brick decides to spend his days inside drinking while resisting the affections of his wife , who taunts him about the inheritance of big daddy 's wealth .
however , maccabe also took catherine 's inheritance of some £ 50,000 .
his younger brother charles steuart unsuccessfully sued his niece sophia for hume 's scottish inheritance .
crucially , because resisting the ashikaga required a strong central power and a smooth succession , among them inheritance was no longer shared , but passed on intact to a single heir , who often was not even a blood relative , but a promising man adopted specifically to be heir .
it contrasts in particular with primogeniture , which requires that the whole inheritance passes to the eldest son , and with agnatic seniority where the succession passes to next senior male .
in the play , annabel chester returns to her family home she fled when twelve to receive the inheritance from her beautiful father .
when , by compromise and the decree enforcing it , that disposition was limited , what he got from the estate came to him because he was heir , the compromise serving to remove pro tanto the impediment to his inheritance .
the required inheritance of widows requires men in some societies to marry the widow of a deceased brother .
thomas moore described him as " an ancient schismatic " , referring to his attendance at church of england services , and claimed wadham as ‘ dying a catholic’.as wadham was childless , his inheritance was due to pass to the children of his three sisters , one of whom was sir john wyndham , and he determined to use his wealth to perpetuate his name , and in 1606 he founded an almshouse for eight poor people at ilton .
the community belonged to nassau , and after the division of inheritance to nassau - weilburg .
in the late-1980s , this system continued ; each religious community was organized under its own head and observed its own laws pertaining to matters such as divorce and inheritance .
the baha'i community does not have its own court to adjudicate personal status matters , such as inheritance and other family - related issues ; such cases may be heard in shari'a courts .
inheritance .
through the act of settlement 1701 , an act of the westminster parliament which changed the normal laws of inheritance to the english and irish thrones , sophia was declared the heiress presumptive to her first cousin once removed , queen anne of england and ireland ( later queen of great britain and ireland ) .
inheritance of this type of rta results from mutations to either v - atpase subunit isoforms b1 or a4 , or mutations of band 3 ( also called ae1 ) , a cl-/hco3- exchanger .
it can generate uml diagrams and inheritance graphs .
inheritance allows one data type to acquire properties of other data types .
