reflections from sea waves obscured the return from the target ship , but the navy was sufficiently impressed to initiate sponsorship of the research .
this water is not accounted for and will initiate the formation of black powder .
the scandinavian runestones belong to the later period of the elder futhark , and initiate the boom of medieval younger futhark stones ( with some 6,000 surviving examples ) .
in astronomical disciplines , a telescope qualifies as robotic if it makes those observations without being operated by a human , even if a human has to initiate the observations at the beginning of the night , or end them in the morning .
tsp has called for establishment of the country 's " eighth constitutional reform " -- or the " third republic " constitutional reform -- calling for a parliamentary system of government ; single - member constituency and two - vote electoral system ; the holding of a nationwide referendum on the content of a new constitution ; and lowering the threshold to initiate constitutional reforms .
kielsmeier helped initiate the nonprofit african reconciliation and development corps international and led their first project in somalia ( 1993 - 94 ) during the civil war .
what is more , the british and americans had enough inside information to be confident that the party had no plans to initiate armed insurrection .
this victory gave parmehutu an apparent mandate to initiate their program of segregation and discrimination against the tutsi .
remes was one of the first lawyers to initiate an appeal in the dc courts .
the body also has the authority to monitor the activities of the executive branch of the state government , has limited power to regulate the county governments within the state , and has sole power to initiate the process to amend the state constitution .
the destruction of the assyrian empire meant that babylon and then persia would rule lebanon , palestine and syria until alexander the great of macedon would initiate the hellenistic age .
- to initiate public interest litigation against environmental degradation .
the most active solar net members meet annually in order to develop and initiate common projects .
it is also possible for members of the " dewan negara " ( senate ) to initiate bills ; however , only cabinet ministers are permitted to move finance - related bills , which must be tabled in the " dewan rakyat " .
when an attack icon is assigned , the player can press the corresponding button to initiate a focused attack .
none of the daughters of israel shall be a prostitute ( " porne " ) , neither shall any of the sons of israel be " porneuon " ; none of the daughters of israel shall be an initiate ( " telesphoros " ) , neither shall of the sons of israel be a " teliskomenos " .
therefore , the redistribution of auxin in the root can initiate differential growth in the elongation zone , resulting in root curvature .
god will not deny his grace to the man who does " quod in se est " [ " what lies within oneself " ] ” ; and yet , if , as luther sees it , " quod in se est " is corrupt and evil , it is ' impossible ' for man to earn , or even initiate , salvation .
sites such as these publicize the tracker 's url and allow users to upload torrents to the index with the tracker 's url embedded in them , providing all the features necessary to initiate a download .
they are so named because they lack the involvement of the giant interneurons , most likely because they do not produce depolarizations in the sensory neurons that are above the thresholds required to initiate these behaviors .
in this case , the x chromosome will initiate testis development ; so , regardless of whether the person has a y chromosome , the person will turn into a male .
it works by confining the king with a pawn and using a queen to initiate the final blow .
in his technique , he has a series of words that signify particular ways to initiate movement and the parts of the body involved in initiating and feeling that movement .
a key symbol of these performances is the initiate 's metaphorical movement through water , the realm of the ancestors ( holsoe 1980 ; jedrej 1986 ; maccormack 1982:126 ) .
to initiate the onset of anaphase , securin is dephosphorylated by cdc14 and other phosphatases .
imaging experiments show that dendrites are highly dynamic during development and often initiate contact with axons .
they were often replaced by much younger women whom they had to then initiate into the ways of the family group as well as teach the young men their responsibilities of being husbands and fathers .
the film did not receive adequate financing for years , and while trying to initiate the project , fleck explains : " we were trying to get it off the ground so we had plenty of time to keep writing and rewriting .
in plants the traditional promoter for strong consitutive expression ( in most plant species ) is the cauliflower mosaic virus 35s promoter ( camv35s ) , in which case rna polymerase ii is used to express the transcript destined to initiate rnai .
harvesting these extremely heavy hardwoods is a labor intensive activity requiring coordination between local residents who manually cut the trees , but receive little profit , and a criminal network of exporters , domestic transporters , and corrupt officials who initiate the process and reap most of the profits .
oliver b. bumble was added as a recurring character in the third story but gradually became the main character because most stories depended on the more flawed mr. bumble to initiate the events of the stories .
with the onset of the world war i , maulana ubaidullah sindhi and mahmud al hasan ( principle of the darul uloom deoband ) had proceeded to kabul in october 1915 with plans to initiate a muslim insurrection in the tribal belt of india .
sarrf will also initiate the process of understanding the evolution and the contours of terrorism in this region and beyond to track down the basic / core / inherent problems and transnational linkages of terrorism in south and south east asia .
" this was incorporated into baptismal formulae , which also invoked a renunciation of satan , contrasting the initiate 's belief in the one god with the idolatry of polytheistic paganism .
in june 2004 , the pc(usa ) general assembly met in richmond , virginia , and adopted by a vote of 431 - 62 a resolution that called on the church 's committee on mission responsibility through investment " to initiate a process of phased , selective divestment in multinational corporations operating in israel . "
as in his active career he had wrought organic changes in the ordering , direction and control of fleets , so by his historic studies , pursued after his retirement , he helped greatly to effect , if he did not exclusively initiate , an equally momentous change in the popular , and even the professional , way of regarding sea - power and its conditions .
the atf is granted the power by the us government to initiate the prosecution in us federal court of gunsmiths that wilfully omit or violate these provisions .
while the florida law allows police to initiate the examination , it is the recommendations of two psychiatrists that guide the decisions of the court .
the mission of the indian red cross is to inspire , encourage and initiate at all times all forms of humanitarian activities so that human suffering can be minimized and even prevented and thus contribute to creating more congenial climate for peace .
students often joke to freshmen or visitors that they 'll meet them " in the coker " building , as a way to gently initiate newcomers to campus .
these filenames are specified in a network request from the terminal server at boot time , to initiate a mop download of the firmware .
police refused to initiate an investigation , in part because the priest expressed remorse , and the women were unable to appeal the decision .
albert friedrich frey - wyssling ( november 8 , 1900 – august 30 , 1988 ) was a swiss botanist who pioneered submicroscopic morphology and helped initiate the study of molecular biology .
they initiate the construction of arsenal gear , and its a.i. gw , in order to censor the flow of digital information , and manipulate the events of the story through their trusted agent revolver ocelot .
the german defensive policy was changed to hold the counter - attacking troops back and initiate the counter - attacks early the next morning .
it however took nine more years to initiate measures for setting up tripura ’s own university .
economic development 4.1 to initiate formulation of comprehensive land use plan by 2005 4.1.1 clup team constituted and functional
orfalea graduated from usc , and is a 1969 initiate of the gamma eta chapter of pi kappa alpha .
to rescue a lost soul , a player must initiate a rescue attempt by placing a hero into battle .
any of the parties on the voice call can initiate a video streaming session .
the term " initiator " refers to the fact that they are used to initiate a change in the volumes of air cavities , and , by boyle 's law , the corresponding air pressure of the cavity .
in the fall of 2003 , john bryden , attempted to initiate a comprehensive overhaul of the act through a private members bill , which died on the order paper with the dissolution of the 37th parliament in may 2004 .
the state council was more powerful than the presidium because it could initiate as well as approve legislation , and because it exercised some of the non - governmental supervision normally delegated to ruling parties in east european communist states of that period .
significant violations and initiate plans to force corrections .
scientists formed the organization to " initiate a critical and continuing examination of governmental policy in areas where science and technology are of actual or potential significance " and " devise means for turning research applications away from the present emphasis on military technology toward the solution of pressing environmental and social problems . "
however , the decision to initiate pn needs to be made on an individual patient basis , as different patients will have differing abilities to tolerate starvation .
guangdong would benefit from economic reform at the time under deng xiaoping , while shanghai was not permitted to initiate economic reforms until 1991 .
on his return brillié , who had earlier been involved in designing armoured cars for spain , convinced the company management to initiate studies on the development of a " tracteur blindé et armé " ( armoured and armed tractor ) , based on the " baby holt " chassis , two of which were ordered .
the chemoreceptor trigger zone ( ctz ) is an area of the medulla that receives inputs from blood - borne drugs or hormones , and communicates with the vomiting center , to initiate vomiting .
maceo was contacted by josé martí and urged to initiate the guerra del 95 ( war of 1895 ) , called by martí as the “ necessary war ” .
theocratic and extremely moralistic religious extremists may believe it is possible for humans to initiate force against god(s ) by sinning , and that it is thus mandated that other humans act on behalf of god(s ) by using retaliatory force against the transgressor .
he is trying to initiate a holy war against the latest candidate chosen by t - o - e and calabash . "
recently , in " harper v. virgin net " [ 2004 ] ewca civ 271 the court of appeal decided that an employee who was summarily dismissed , can not bring a claim for damages for the loss of the opportunity to initiate a claim for unfair dismissal .
while there , he served as a delegate to the maryland governor ’s conference on libraries and information service helping to initiate a statewide preservation planning effort and advocating increased use of mass de - acidification to preserve library materials .
the plans for the offensive directed three divisions from kawabe 's burma area army to initiate a diversionary attack at arakan and cover the southern coast while another two divisions watched stillwell and chiang kai shek 's forces in the north .
once the fuse was ignited , it took about three to four and a half seconds to reach the explosive composition and initiate detonation ( i.e. , explosion ) of the firework .
according to the philosophical premise of the buddha , the initiate to buddhism who is to be " shown the way to immortality ( amata ) " , wherein liberation of the mind ( cittavimutta ) is effectuated through the expansion of wisdom and the meditative practices of sati and samādhi , must first be educated away from his former ignorance - based ( avijja ) materialistic proclivities in that he " saw any of these forms , feelings , or this body , to be my self , to be that which i am by nature " .
the alchemical vessel was imagined as a baptismal font , and the tincturing vapours of mercury and sulphur were likened to the purifying waters of baptism , which perfected and redeemed the gnostic initiate .
its actions have helped initiate new industries , cushion the effects of economic depression , create a sound economic infrastructure , and protect the living standards of the citizenry .
free radicals , formed as a result of the cleavage of chemical bonds by solar radiation , react with oxygen to form peroxy radicals that initiate a series of radical chain reactions .
schillinger indulges in varying degrees of sexual sadism , especially toward fellow inmate tobias beecher , whom he rapes to " initiate " him into prison life .
when the building was declared unsafe for human habitation in 1953 , the entire 7th and 8th grades , under the watch of principal edward boulter , was moved to the brick high school building across the street , causing the high school to initiate double sessions .
it is then revealed that his son is a potential other for whom gesser claims the right to initiate .
during the resolution phase of the turn , any units coming in contact with enemy forces initiate a smaller tactical battle , consisting of some number of friendly and enemy generals , each in command of thousands of troops .
bile backing up into the pancreatic duct may initiate pancreatitis .
shortly thereafter , he was directed by his superiors to initiate a similar arrangement with gendo rokobungi .
at the completion of andersen ’s term , roeser returned to the minnesota republican party in an enhanced role : director of communications where he served from 1963 to 1964 when he left to return to chicago to initiate a program of public affairs and government relations as well as community relations for the quaker oats company .
critics predict that a cartel on rice may be to the economic detriment of those who initiate it since rice producing countries may be able to expand their land under cultivation in the medium to long term .
in 2002 he helped to initiate a long - term archaeology project at new philadelphia , illinois , a multi - racial town that was founded by a freed african american in 1836 .
some slots may have the machine drop in more coins , others may initiate a video slot machine built into the machine .
these correlations do not initiate feline cystitis , however , they do worsen the illness once it does occur .
the term " chrismation " is used because of the " chrism " ( perfumed holy oil , usually containing myrrh ( μύρον ) , and consecrated by a bishop ) with which the recipient of the sacrament is anointed , while the priest speaks the words sealing the initiate with the gifts of the holy spirit .
according to the world bank database , gross enrollment rate of pre - primary education is 67.1 percent for male , 65.6 percent for female , and 66.4 percent for total in 2007 .. pre - primary education aims to initiate children into the school environment .
upon binding of camp to the regulatory units , the catalytic units are released and initiate the phosphorylation of proteins leading to the physiologic action .
to initiate ecmo , cannulae are placed in large blood vessels to provide access to the patient 's blood .
the strategy of operation of the indian national army , in relation to the opening japanese offensive , was to be of a guerrilla force that would initiate defections among the british indian troops , as well as garner support and sympathy among the local population for the ina .
the dead and damaged cells release chemicals , which initiate an inflammatory response .
on the other hand , the diet was given the authority to initiate legislation , approve all laws , and approve the budget .
in the event of an invasion of the united states , however , the state guard would initiate rapid full - scale training operations to be fully trained and equipped for combat operations , should that be necessary .
sirhindi also made rapid progress in the suhrawardī , the qadirī , and the chistī turūq , and was given permission to initiate and train followers at the age of 17 .
according to odlis , the reference interview is " the interpersonal communication that occurs between a reference librarian and a library user to determine the person 's specific information need(s ) , which may turn out to be different from the reference question as initially posed ... a reference interview may occur in person , by telephone , or electronically ( usually via e - mail ) at the request of the user , but a well - trained reference librarian will sometimes initiate communication if a hesitant user appears to need assistance " .
his place in the high 's plan was to initiate a program of public education about the natural resources of the world , such as plants and magic , to show people a whole new world just sideways of the current one .
the dgs main role is to initiate and define new environmental legislation
factors other than increased co2 concentrations can initiate warming or cooling episodes ( see , " e.g. " , orbital forcing ) .
teller at first resisted this idea , then saw its merit and suggested the use of a plutonium " spark plug " , located at the center of the fusion fuel , to initiate and enhance the fusion reaction .
the styles with which small forwards amass their points vary widely , as some players at the position like the raptors ' hedo turkoglu and the hornets ' peja stojaković are very accurate straight up shooters , while others like the los angeles lakers ' ron artest prefer to " bang inside " , initiate and/or not shy away from physical contact with opposing players , while others are primarily slashers such as carmelo anthony and lebron james .
the advantage of this assay is the rapidity in providing results in a few hours and that the pp65 antigen determination represents a useful parameter for the physician to initiate antiviral therapy .
grey cast iron is named after its grey fractured surface , which occurs because the graphitic flakes deflect a passing crack and initiate countless new cracks as the material breaks .
basal ganglia disease refers to a group of physicaldysfunctions that occur when the group of nuclei in the brain known as the basal ganglia fail to properly suppress unwanted movements or to properly prime upper motor neuron circuits to initiate motor function .
the calcium - calmodulin - myosin light chain kinase complex phosphorylates the 20 kilodalton ( kd ) myosin light chains on amino acid residue - serine 19 to initiate contraction .
all it does is initiate the fans to throw things out of the stands . "
during the ritual , the initiate is touched with a burning incense stick .
the city of whyalla lacks the funds to initiate an upgrade of the main runway and both the federal and state governments are reluctant to financially help out , regardless of which political party is in power .
no same - sex marriage , domestic partnership or civil union has any legal standing in the nation and may be used as evidence to initiate criminal proceedings .
since , in the allied estimation , the communists hardly had the capability to launch such an ambitious enterprise : " there was little possibility that the enemy could initiate a general offensive , regardless of his intentions . " the answer could also be partially explained by the lack of coordination and cooperation between competing intelligence branches , both south vietnamese and american .
officially the celebrations initiate the 20 of julio , dia de la independencia nacional and it extends until beyond the 20 of september , are the celebrations of greater duration of colombia .
in recent years , thanks to their achievements on the pitch , the club has been able to inspire and initiate special projects enforcing stability and development in the refugee - settlements near the border of nagorno - karabakh .
this covers provision of advice and services , accommodation and care of children who become uncared for , and also the capacity to initiate proceedings for the removal of children from their parents care / care proceedings .
having learned his lessons as an initiate into the mysteries , and after ritual immersion in the river pactolus , midas forsakes the “ bogus eternity ” of gold for spiritual rebirth .
in it , he mentions the importance of a starting point to initiate a chain of recollection , and the way in which it serves as a stimulating cause .
young adults follow trends that rappers initiate whether good or bad – in our generation today it ’s not just a following it ’s a way of being .
on 4 april 1996 major general piers reid signed a directive to initiate the establishment of a fully integrated logistic function in the new zealand army , with the intention of improving logistic support in both operational and non - operational environments .
through unknown mechanisms , rbs begin a differentiation program back to the infectious ebs , which are released from the host cell to initiate a new round of infection .
speaking of nietzsche he says : " his personal feelings initiate him into those of the criminal ... in general all creative originality , all artist nature in the broadest sense of the word , does the same .
the disease reached the republic of hawaii in december 1899 , and the board of health ’s decision to initiate controlled burns of select buildings in honolulu ’s chinatown turned into an uncontrolled fire which led to the inadvertent burning of most of chinatown on january 20 , 1900 according to the .
viktor yanukovich said his party did not want to initiate early elections and added " the constitution must be changed so as to provide efficient operation of authorities . "
through a grant from the department of justice , iedc helps weed & seed communities initiate efforts to bring in new investment and economic opportunities to their neighborhoods .
no inductive voltage spike is produced for starting , so the lamps must be mounted near a grounded ( earthed ) reflector to allow the glow discharge to propagate through the tube and initiate the arc discharge .
octopus briareus " usually mates during the day and only the male octopus can initiate or stop the mating process .
expression of the gababr2 subunit alone , meanwhile , leads to surface expression of the subunit , although with no functional activity ( " i.e. " , the receptor does not bind agonist and can not initiate a response following exposure to agonist ) .
mysterious power are also assumed to the four lagoons of puquio , in which there are monsters that influence the crops , as well as to the lagoon of santa barbara , which disappears before the view of the walkers and it is destined to initiate the end of the world with the overflow of its waters .
if the proceeds of the liquidation do not cover the debt(s ) at issue as well as the cost of the proceedings , the creditors receive a certificate of unpaid debts ( " verlustschein / acte de défaut de biens " ) that allows them to re - initiate execution proceedings at a later time .
the ability to move the shape of an arpeggio up and down the fretboard in order to initiate , or because of , a change in key lends itself to being the primary choice of guitar players , helping ease the use of what is considered an intermediate technique of guitar performance .
the initiate dresses in traditional regalia of fern fronds and rubs her body with red camwood .
there are two ways in which private entities may initiate legal action against persons who violate anticruelty criminal laws .
however , in " the frogs " , xanthias begins by debating with his master about what kind of joke he can tell to initiate the play .
alicia gil gil wrote in 2005 that use of a charge genocide to initiate proceedings , was a breach of the legal principle " nullum crimen , nulla poena sine praevia lege poenali " which forms part of spain 's constitution , because at the time the offence was committed the spanish provision on crimes against humanity was not yet in force .
in many indigenous australian cultures , there are traditional secrets passed down from generation to generation , and it is taboo to reveal these secrets to a non - initiate .
to describe the grammars , and initiate the lexical descriptions , of three such disparate languages is an extraordinary feat ; very much more to be the first to do so .
the presenter expects view events to be fired ( e.g. the click of the save button ) , and in turn it will make calls on the view ( e.g. hide the warning message ) and the model ( e.g. initiate file save operation ) in response .
indostar-1 , which also known as cakrawarta-1 , is a communication satellite that was launched the evening of november 12 , 1997 at 21:48 gmt aboard an ariane 44l-3 rocket from kourou , french guiana , as the first direct broadcasting satellite ( dbs ) in asia , indostar-1 would initiate a new communication service for indonesian society such as direct - to - home television .
according to former us undersecretary of defense douglas feith , israeli officials did not push their american counterparts to initiate the war in iraq .
even freeze - tolerant animals can not tolerate a sudden , total freeze ; for most freeze - tolerant insects it is important that they avoid supercooling and initiate ice formation at relatively warm temperatures .
tadalafil ( and sildenafil and vardenafil ) inhibits pde5 , however , because sexual stimulation is required to initiate the local penile release of nitric oxide , tadalafil 's inhibition of pde5 will have no effect without direct sexual stimulation of the penis .
against the backdrop of your ties with israel , i would like to tell you in all sincerity that if you initiate military action against an arab country , you will be faced with hostile sentiment in the region , and in many muslim states as well .
denzel washington playing coach boone in " remember the titans " ( 2000 ) uses the line to initiate dominance over two student athletes . "
the murder is believed to have happened because karlsson was gay and the killer subsequently claimed that karlsson tried to initiate a relationship .
he also helped to initiate the yale - in - china association .
initiate .
because the capsize instability is so slow , on the order of seconds , it is easy for the rider to control , and is actually used by the rider to initiate the lean necessary for a turn .
the navy also maintained that to decide , at the outset of any future conflict , to initiate the widespread use of nuclear weapons — attacking the major population centers of the enemy homeland — was immoral .
however , such explosives are hard to initiate intentionally as well .
throughout the 1980s , the heritage foundation 's foreign policy expert on the third world , michael johns , the foundation 's principal reagan doctrine advocate , visited with resistance movements in angola , cambodia , nicaragua , and other soviet - supported nations and urged the reagan administration to initiate or expand military and political support to them .
a fire requires three elements : heat ( ignition source ) , fuel and oxygen ( or air ) to initiate and sustain .
" alþingi urges the government to initiate as soon as possible research into how best to move the traffic to the right hand side of the road . "
following signals that the soviets planned to nullify obnoxious international treaties concluded under the czarist government , a group of high ranking mongolians that included sükhbaatar and tserendorj travelled to the soviet union to initiate soviet - mongolia friendship talks that might ultimately throw out the 1915 kyakhta treaty for one that more firmly confirmed mongolia 's status as a fully independent nation .
the instruction is punctuated with oaths , symbolic gestures , and a prayer circle around an altar , and at the end of instruction , the initiate 's knowledge of symbolic gestures and key - words is tested at a " veil . "
efficacy is the relationship between receptor occupancy and the ability to initiate a response at the molecular , cellular , tissue or system level .
rupture discs can be used to specifically protect installations against unacceptably high pressures or can be designed to act as one - time valves or triggering devices to initiate with high reliability and speed a sequence of actions required .
however , the final step needed to initiate the project was the support of the british , who wanted to restore financial stability in iran but did not wish to be involved in the trans - iranian railway consortium through the proposed four to six million pound loan , proposed by alexander izvolsky , imperial foreign minister between 1906 to 1910 , and sergey sazonov , foreign minister from 1910 to 1916 .
in addition , the leading boards of official organizations and even the academy of sciences could initiate amendments and other legislation .
zia inayat - khan , the pir of the sufi order international was , during his training , a student of the dalai lama as well as an initiate in the chishti sufi order .
the api track typically consists of three functions : the client invoked initiate and stop tracking of an entity ; and the service invoked callback to notify the client about ( pending ) changes of a tracked entity .
the legislature of the european union is principally divided between the european parliament and the council of the european union , with the power to initiate laws ( with limited exceptions ) being held by the european commission .
and there he managed to acquire the support of muhammad nasser , the local sheikh , by helping him settle a score with a neighboring village , an event that would initiate a series of campaigns leading him to capture the whole galilee .
in the fxp session , a client maintains a standard ftp connection to two servers , and can direct either server to connect to the other to initiate a data transfer .
he thus helped initiate a trend among catholic schools towards raising endowments and limiting tuition .
the power of kebineng ’s tribe did not significantly wane in any case until his death , but before kebineng did die , he managed to initiate several devastating raids on the provinces of yu , ping and bing .
these cells , when disturbed by tissue damage , will release chemical and mechanical factors that signal the body 's immune system to initiate clean - up , destruction of invading pathogens , and tissue repair .
as the syndrome is most common in adolescence , it is often the patient 's parents who initiate seeking help , after great difficulty waking their child in time for school .
many of these factories had borrowed money from the grottoes company to initiate their business .
in 1983 , the drdo obtained permission to initiate a programme to design and develop a " light combat aircraft " , only this time , a different management approach would be taken .
she explains that benson is learning to initiate seizures involuntarily because the result of these seizures is a shock of pleasure , which leads to him having more frequent seizures .
milligan 's report was not changed to reflect miceli 's new theory that a chemical ignitor , not an electrical timer , had been used to initiate the explosion .
this was necessary because when the first copies of this edition arrived in the country at the end of 1870 , president domingo faustino sarmiento 's opposition took advantage of the modifications in the legal code sanctioned by congress to initiate a media campaign against the government .
the internet site of radio golha honours the people who helped initiate the original radio programs , appreciating their efforts in creating such timeless audio treasures .
a regular fission bomb ( the " primary " ) at one end was used to create the conditions needed to initiate the fusion reaction .
he then repeatedly attempted to initiate reforms in 1969 and 1970 , only to be thwarted by the hardliners including ioannidis .
these events completely damaged iglesia el carmen , prompting the society of jesus to initiate plans to raise funds in order to demolish the existing structure and begin building a new church .
the cerebellum does not initiate movement , but it contributes to coordination , precision , and accurate timing .
he reaches human perfection and finally becomes a magus , an initiate .
that story especially includes daleks conquering the earth and then occupying it along with other stolen worlds to initiate their stratagem for universal destruction .
later on , an evil organization of super humans led by sicks initiate their plans to destroy the human race .
rather than playing characters from the tv series , each player takes on the role of a ctu agent and the accompanying dvd disc is used to initiate the plot with a terrorist act , then passes threads to the players regarding the full plans of the terrorists , some of which may be useful and others that simply lead nowhere .
at the same time , american stores sought to initiate faster growth , this time primarily through the opening of new stores and not through acquisitions .
if this major obstacle could be cleared , german units could initiate a full withdrawal from the falaise pocket .
in this instance , the " gun " is part of a nuclear weapon and contains an explosively propelled sub - critical slug of fissile material within a barrel to be fired into a second sub - critical mass in order to initiate the fission reaction .
individuals who are deficient in leptin fail to initiate puberty .
for example , when cxcl8 ( il-8 ) binds to its specific receptors , cxcr1 or cxcr2 , a rise in intracellular calcium activates the enzyme phospholipase d ( pld ) that goes on to initiate an intracellular signaling cascade called the map kinase pathway .
along with the byrds ' " sweetheart of the rodeo " and the band 's " music from big pink " of the previous year , it helped initiate a sea change in popular music away from the ruling late sixties aesthetic of bands playing blues - based rock music on loud guitars . "
it is characterised by an inability to initiate the process of walking , despite the power and coordination of the legs being normal when tested in the seated or lying position .
however , in classical greek culture this probably involved more theatre — with the initiate acting the role of the heroes — than the full possession of the original rites .
in october 1989 interview with the albanian television service , berisha urged the regime to initiate a broad program of liberalization but the taped interview was not allowed to be aired .
ico therapeutics inc. renamed the drug from cat-213 to ico-008 and , at that stage , planned to initiate a phase ii clinical trial in patients with vernal keratoconjunctivitis .
( a ) to initiate proper folding for protection , in order to ( b ) avoid degradation by proteases and ( c ) thereby ,
july 1 following a prospect 's junior year of high school officially starts the period in which coaches are allowed to initiate phone calls to prospects .
first proclaimed by the united nations general assembly in 1954 , it was established to encourage all countries to institute a day , firstly to promote mutual exchange and understanding among children and secondly to initiate action to benefit and promote the welfare of the world 's children .
the assertion that state legislatures can initiate impeachment proceedings is part of the " house rules and manual , " but it was never part of jefferson ’s own text .
emanu - el has also begin the dolls for darfur program , in which the goal is to send postcards to major political figures who could initiate military action in darfur , with a human - shaped pin attached to each postcard to remind them of the toll that the genocide is taking .
although a present - day filipino woman might be willing to encourage a man to court her , or she might even initiate the courting process , it is still also traditionally and culturally " not " appropriate for a suitor to introduce himself to an admired woman , or vice versa , while on the street .
the development of his vaccine production method played a large role in enabling the world health organization to initiate its global smallpox eradication campaign in 1967 .
both leaders agreed to allow the colombian congress to appoint the conservative candidate to initiate the national front .
in this case , viral receptors attach to the receptors on the surface of the cell and secondary receptors may be present to initiate the puncture of the cell membrane or fusion with the host cell , followed by the unfolding of the viral envelope .
they complement the sip requests , which are used to initiate action such as a phone conversation .
for example , when attempting to have breakfast , adam would instead initiate a turn - based rpg - style battle with his toaster ( he " won " the battle after summoning an intern to load bread into the toaster ) .
none of these charges received the two - thirds majority of the duma which was required to initiate the process of impeachment of the president .
joseph j. " sport " sullivan ( 1870- ? ) was an american bookmaker and gambler from boston , massachusetts who helped to initiate the 1919 black sox scandal .
songs such as these and writings , such as those of ohioan harriet beecher stowe ’s " uncle tom ’s cabin " , sensitized northerners to the conditions of slavery and helped to initiate the anti - slavery movement .
it is virtually impossible to initiate two responses simultaneously .
in spring 2009 , the band continued the green initiate touring , performing at colleges including university of new hampshire , northeastern university , university of arkansas , university of wisconsin , fordham university , colby college , ohio state university , university of dayton , albright college , marquette university , clark university , and the university of pennsylvania .
a dpp proposal to allow the citizen right to initiate constitutional referendums was pulled off the table due to a lack of support .
the initiative for this was launched chamber of economy of rijeka and the caterers are in it saw an opportunity to be with these unique organizations initiate the resolution of some issues and activities of independent and self - catering questions .
leroy p. offerman , a 1937 initiate of the gamma delta chapter at murray state university and an evansville community leader , was appointed director of development for the proposed hall of fame .
after becoming proficient in the local languages , ntm missionaries initiate in - depth bible studies with interested parties .
a november gallup poll published eight days before the december 11 budget reported that their popularity was down from 36% during the summer to 28% , with the party 19 points behind the liberals , giving the latter the popular support to initiate the non - confidence motion .
this , in turn , allows the baserunner to remain at top speed for as long as possible before needing to initiate slowing .
in the 1970s , various indian tribes took unprecedented action to initiate indian gaming enterprises .
the dry adhesive may be further heated to initiate a cross - linking reaction and increase molecular weight .
shivalli brahmin males have undergo brahmopadesham ( " upanayana " in tulu ) when they turn seven years old , to initiate them into vedic studies .
but while such easy - to - locate birds species serve as a focal point for flock members , they do not necessarily initiate the flock .
the oregon - washington convention determined it would assist affiliated churches , but would not initiate any new work in canada .
on the other hand , it is bad etiquette to try to initiate a fight with an enforcer who is near the end of his shift , since the more rested player will have an obvious advantage .
firearms use triggers to initiate the firing of a cartridge in the firing chamber of the weapon .
part of this can be explained by the slow hydrolysis of atp by dnaa , a protein that binds to repeats in the oric to initiate replication .
the king did initiate many reforms and tried his best to save his country ’s finances and pulled the ancient kingdom into the modern age , with mixed success .
each player takes it in turns to initiate conflicts and spend influence points to bring different cards in their hand into play , then uses those cards to try and either build up more influence for themeselves or prevent other players from building up influence .
when earth - initiate came to the raft , there was no rope there : he just reached out and found one .
these developments , along with developments in the international arena and new soviet policies of peaceful co - existence , led the party to initiate a readjustment of its role in swedish politics .
a fast , reliable eddy turn may be needed to initiate maneuvers , scout rapids , or rest .
some servers are content to use the serve simply to initiate the point ; however , advanced players often try to hit a winning shot with their serve .
the prime eternal is official political leader of the eternal city - state of olympia , but their power is also more than political , enabling them to initiate a uni - mind , the fusion of many eternals into a massively powerful collective organism .
schoolies has been long known for its violence , media reporting has focused on schoolies violence and in the mid nineties there were incidents where news crews handed out money for schoolies to initiate violence so they could film schoolies violence for the evening news .
moreover , kesküla had former experience to initiate rebels in russia with the help of the foreign hands : in 1905 , in tallinn , tartu and riga he got money from japanese spy motohirto akashi and acted in his interests .
to initiate a selcal transmission , a ground station radio operator enters an aircraft 's selcal code into a selcal encoder .
on december 15 , 2008 , madigan announced that he was taking steps to initiate impeachment proceedings against blagojevich .
the competition was formed in 1908 , when the german crown prince william donated a cup to the german football association - " dfb " , to initiate the " kronprinzenpokal " .
with henri delaunay 's proposal in 1929 to initiate a professional world championship of football ( hence the launch of the world cup in uruguay in 1930 ) , football was dropped from the 1932 los angeles games due to the low popularity of the sport in the united states , and it returned at the 1936 berlin games .
most methods of crowd control in wow , with the notable exception of sap , will initiate combat with the target , so the victim will attack the player when the incapacitating effect wears off .
according to alan robock , the toba incident did not initiate an ice age .
it is believed that the tin scavenges labile chlorine ions ( cl- ) , which would otherwise initiate loss of hcl from the plastic material .
at any time , three or more residents , either protestant or roman catholic , who believe that they are members of the minority faith locally , can initiate the process .
when funding failed , the council declared its intention to initiate an application for demolition .
women who have never belonged to a national panhellenic conference sorority may be eligible to join gamma phi beta through the alumnae initiate program .
the paris indian society at this time grew to be one of the most powerful indian organisations outside india at the time , and grew to initiate contacts with not only french socialists , but also those in continental europe .
new initiate karen ( christie wagner ) , strains these rules as the gang finds her choosing the same man , bill ( david harris ) several times .
olfactory receptors interact with odorant molecules in the nose , to initiate a neuronal response that triggers the perception of a smell .
nixon cut through inter - departmental squabbles and bureaucracy to initiate an airlift of american arms .
mcmurtry planned to start a lodge in northern california , but his deteriorating relationship with karl germer ( based on germer 's refusal to initiate new members ) put an end to his plans .
part of the book dealt with an incident in 1978 when charles walker is said to have been contacted by an initiate of the group , who claimed that it was responsible for the sacrificial slaughter of dogs and other animals .
he was one of the key leaders behind the abortive naxalite insurrection attempt by radical communist to initiate an " indian revolution " by violent means .
altena sends chloe to initiate contact with the pair , aiding them from time to time .
the first initiate , clara worden , joined in march 1875 .
one uses a fuze strip ( containing barium chromate and powdered zirconium metal in a ceramic paper ) along the edge of the heat pellets to initiate burning .
these were still typically fired from smoothbore muzzle - loaders with a relatively large gap between the shell and barrel , and still relied on flame from the gunpowder propellant charge escaping past the shell on firing to ignite the wood fuze and hence initiate the timer .
but by then it was far too late , for the eager military officials of germany and the german foreign office were successful in persuading him to sign the mobilisation order and initiate the schlieffen plan that envisioned the occupation of paris within 40 days .
section 4248 of the act contains the commitment provision , which authorizes the federal government to initiate commitment proceedings with respect to any federal prisoner in the custody of the bureau of prisons .
he helped initiate the agitprop movement of " blue shirts " which took its name from his 1923 collection of poetry , " the blue blouse " ( russian : синяя блуза ) .
the city has cleared a 1,200 acre section of land to initiate the " far eastside plan " for new neighborhood redevelopment .
ale is a feature in an hf communications radio transceiver system , that enables the radio station to make contact , or initiate a circuit , between itself and another hf radio station or network of stations .
alexei and sergei , two of the leading revolutionaries who initiate kralena
meade , if he did not initiate howe 's removal , at least did not oppose it .
retire’. jackson had always had considerable philosophical and historical interests and a main feature of the introduction is his account of how experiences of his own led him to the work of rudolf steiner , the austrian christian initiate .
his paintings initiate the " rich style " of the following generation , he already uses an increased amount of added white to stress details .
infection occurs by ingestion of sporocyst - containing oocysts : the sporocysts excyst in the small intestine and release their sporozoites , which invade the epithelial cells and initiate schizogony .
the police , however , turned down bäckman 's request and refused to initiate a criminal investigation " due to the lack of crime " .
