when the french regained rouen in 1449 , a series of investigations were launched which led to a formal appeal run by the inquisitor - general in 1455 .
however , the infant prince was stolen from his home by the grand inquisitor after the king of barataria became a wesleyan methodist " of the most bigoted and persecuting type " , and taken to venice .
in the trial room , the keeper of the matrix brings the inquisitor serious news .
beneath shrine target primaris was a standard template constructor , a relic from over ten millennia before the events of " first and only " , which made iron men , a pattern of robotic warriors ; the traitorous general dravere , assisted by the mutated , radical inquisitor heldane , colonel draker flense and his jantine patricians attempted to seize power and overturn the commander of the sabbat worlds crusade , warmaster macaroth , using the iron men .
legacy interactive currently has exclusive digital publishing and distribution agreements with a number of third party software and game developers , most recently distributing titles such as jack keane , dracula 2 - the last sanctuary , ankh : reverse the curse , ankh 2 : heart of osiris , ankh 3 : battle of the gods , ankh : the lost treasures , wolfgang hohlbein 's the inquisitor , murder in the abbey , memento mori , and a vampyre story .
each inquisitor bears a seal that grants him the right to command any citizen or resource within the imperium to the end of carrying out his duties , from individuals or single vessels , all the way up to entire imperial guard regiments or imperial navy fleets in times of dire danger .
as prior of more than one dominican priory during a time of great moral laxity , he insisted on discipline , and , in accordance with his own wishes , he was appointed inquisitor at como .
abnett is continuing with a spinoff series about inquisitor gideon ravenor , a crippled psychic genius who appeared as a secondary character in the eisenhorn books .
the archbishop and inquisitor general , juan tomás rocaberti , publicly punished the governor of valencia for interfering in ecclesiastical jurisdiction .
as the grand inquisitor in " don carlos " , under james levine .
after this letter was delivered , an investigation was launched by the inquisitor of brescia and cardinal pietro ottoboni , bishop of brescia ( later pope alexander viii ) .
captain creo enters and captures the inquisitor whose name is silecio .
doctrine is enforced through the church 's black knights , and matters of law are subject to a grand inquisitor .
among other things , pernoud cites large amounts of testimony , including guillaume manchon from the rehabilitation trial : " ... at that time , she was dressed in male clothing , and kept complaining that she could not do without it , fearing that the guards would violate her in the night ; and once or twice she had complained to the bishop of beauvais , the vice - inquisitor , and master nicholas loiseleur that one of the guards had attempted to rape her . "
the inquisitor 's first act was to forbid any open practice of the hindu faith on pain of death .
it is also hinted through cain 's commentary on childcare ( and footnotes provided by inquisitor vail ) that the relationship between male and female members of the regiment improved a great deal .
" zork grand inquisitor " added to grue trivia the idea of the game " grue , fire , water " , a variant of rock , paper , scissors wherein " grue drinks water , water douses fire , and fire scares grue . "
steps out of the device , looking exactly as he did in the recorded message , and calmly shoots the inquisitor in the head with an energy weapon .
one of zumarraga ’s first act as inquisitor was the prosecution of an aztec lord who took the name of carlos upon baptism .
the inquisitor accepts the valeyard 's argument that the doctor 's allegation is unsubstantiated .
as eon kull , old one of the eldar , dies trying to close it , inquisitor lilith finishes the spell , ending the warp storm and affording both the guard and the eldar victory .
in 1492 , the crown expelled all unconverted jews from spain upon recommendation of the grand inquisitor , tomás de torquemada ( a descendant of jewish " conversos " . )
on march 21 , 1575 , the vicario generale and the inquisitor of the provinces of aquilea and concordia were first notified that in certain villages there were wizards calling themselves “
the inquisitor , however , has altered the time - lines and created replacements for the two escapees .
the segment ends when christ , who has been silent throughout , kisses the inquisitor on his " bloodless , aged lips " instead of answering him .
other examples are the " tv21 " dalek comic strip in which a black dalek is shown acting as second - in - command to the golden emperor , and trevor baxendale ’s novel " prisoner of the daleks " where a dalek inquisitor general ( also referred to as ' dalek x ' ) is described as being of the new series design but with a casing of gunmetal black .
day published two autobiographies ; " ' day by day ' " in 1975 and " ' grand inquisitor ' " in 1989 .
in the late 1540s , three community leaders of yanhuitlán were accused of making sacrifices to the deity , including human sacrifices , by the inhabitants of hostile neighbouring villages and were tried by the inquisitor francisco tello de sandoval .
from there he went on to sing colline ( la bohème ) , pimen ( boris godunov ) , grand inquisitor ( don carlo ) , commendatore ( don giovanni ) , osmin ( the abduction from the seraglio ) , rocco ( fidelio ) , daland ( the flying dutchman ) , roger ( jérusalem ) , king henry ( lohengrin ) , raimondo ( lucia di lammermoor ) , geronte ( manon lescaut ) , talbot ( maria stuarda ) , veit pogner ( die meistersinger von nürnberg ) , bartolo ( il barbiere di siviglia ) , titurel and gurnemanz ( parsifal ) , sparafucile ( rigoletto ) , fasolt ( das rheingold ) , hunding ( die walküre ) , fafner ( siegfried ) , hagen ( götterdammerung ) , ochs ( der rosenkavalier ) morosus ( die schweigsame frau ) , landgraf ( tannhäuser ) , claggart ( billy budd ) and sarastro ( the magic flute ) .
to this end , they will force a daemon into possessing a human body , and , using powerful psychic spells , rituals and charms , bind it to the inquisitor 's will .
in an attempt to counter and eventually discredit dumbledore , who along with harry is the most prominent voice in the wizarding world attempting to warn of the dark lord 's return , the ministry appoints dolores umbridge as the high inquisitor of hogwarts .
guthrie cast maurice evans as the dauphin , brian aherne as warwick , tyrone power as bertrand de poulengy , and arthur byron as the inquisitor .
this new state has brought back the life of italian citizens to the medieval period : a lot of modern technology discoveries has been abolished or they are used by few privilegeds , the italian territories appears as anachronistic places , where beside old cars , parade processions and inquisitor pyres , where templars in shining armour flank deads ' hunters , veterans of the world war , in the defense of the population .
" the inquisitor " , which was the second episode to be filmed , was considered by grant and naylor to lead the series , but as it was heavily science fiction influenced the casual viewer friendly holoship was chosen to go out first instead .
while occupied in teaching he filled the office of prior of the convent of ghent three times ( 1529 - 35 ; 1550 - 53 ) , and discharged the duties of general inquisitor of the roman catholic diocese of tournai .
in 1705 , he was appointed general vicar of ceuta and inquisitor of the kingdom of murcia in 1710 .
at the time of the discovery and conquest of the new world , cardinal adrian de utrecht was the inquisitor general of spain .
as controversialist , inquisitor .
alongside malek , rahab is the only sarafan inquisitor who does not participate in the storming of janos audron 's retreat .
they summon chrestomanci , a sorcerer from world twelve a responsible for governing magic throughout all the possible worlds , who helps them outwit the inquisitor and , ultimately , revise their world 's history by merging their world with ours ( world twelve b ) , which has no magic , thus ending the discrimination against magic - users and introducing magic to our world .
the first official inquisitor for the colony , pedro moya de contreras , worked in the section of the monastery where the later , 18th century palace would be built .
in 1695 he was made inquisitor - general of spain .
in inquisitor , the narrative skirmish game using " warhammer 40,000 " type characters , the tyranids are represented by the genestealer and hybrid models under the generic roleplaying category of " aliens .
inquisitor ( hardware testing software ) .
during an encounter with the inquisitor , dave is replaced with an alternative version of himself .
aguira uses the xyanide - now pulsing in her blood - by creating her own space station and fighter squadrons at her command with herself as the ship 's core to exact revenge against the inquisitor and spread her destructive influence .
she is soon appointed the first " high inquisitor " of hogwarts , in which position she is given extraordinary powers over the students , teachers , and curriculum .
after a series of commercials and outside projects following the movie , parets earned a role as the inquisitor on the tv show " witness " .
prior to his entering the dominican order , carino , was , according to catholic tradition , a cruel man without scruples who had been hired by milanese cathars to kill peter , a prominent catholic inquisitor .
at court he occupied the roles of fiscal of the consejo de órdenes militares and of inquisitor and chaplain major of the convento de las descalzas reales .
" on the other hand , he describes the bad aspects such as the cost of the game and stated that " completely ignoring races like the space orks , eldar and most importantly , the tyranids is a pretty glaring omission . " the later release of random character generators ( such as in white dwarf magazine , issue 258 and the second issue of the " inquisitor " supplement " exterminatus " ) has partially rectified this problem , as well as the release of a supplement specifically describing a campaign against the eldar .
his reputation for learning and eloquence led to his appointment as grand inquisitor for france ( 1534 ) , an office which he held until his death .
st. peter of castelnau , the cistercian inquisitor martyred by the albigenses in 1208 , st. camelia , put to death by the same sectarians , and st. john francis regis ( 1597 - 1640 ) , the jesuit , born at fontcouverte in the diocese of narbonne , are specially venerated in the diocese of carcassonne .
soon after , the player becomes involved with the plans of the high inquisitor mendoza , who has discovered a temple leading into the heart of the volcano .
in 1678 , inquisitor ercole visconti mentioned the " scandals " involving some knights during carnival days .
nonetheless , during a routine check of identification while he was out walking , petschauer found he had left some of his “ papers ” at home – an unacceptable explanation to his nazi inquisitor .
in " dark heresy " , the players assume the role of a group of acolytes working for an inquisitor who sends them on various missions .
this was followed in 1870 by " the inquisitor , or the struggle in ferrara " , about the life of renée of france , duchess of ferrara , set in 1554 .
rimmer pleads mitigating circumstances ; the cat cites his beauty ; kryten questions the inquisitor 's authority ; and lister tells him to get lost .
bellingham reprised the inquisitor character for the big finish productions audio series , " gallifrey " .
that same year he was appointed as the first inquisitor general of the indies and two years later he directed the construction of the cathedral of san juan .
" in the city of seville an inquisitor said to the regent : ' my lord , if you wish to know how the marranos keep the sabbath , let us ascend the tower . '
however , in the later episode " the inquisitor " , kryten tells lister that he believes in silicon heaven .
they discover all of the brothers have been killed , locate jace , and when they emerge , the inquisitor believes that jace might have had a hand in the killing because the soul - sword is the only instrument to use against the shadowhunter to prove if he is lying or telling the truth .
inquisitor bernardo prado y ovejero declared it heresy and anathema .
released under the terms of version 3 of the gnu general public license , inquisitor is free software .
he kills the inquisitor before leaving .
high inquisitor of hogwarts dolores umbridge supervises the classes of all the members of the hogwarts staff , including hagrid 's , and she looks for an excuse to fire him , as hagrid is close to dumbledore .
grues appeared ( or , at least , were mentioned ) in many subsequent infocom adventures , right up to the 1997 graphic adventure " zork grand inquisitor " , published by activision .
however , it is the former inquisitor who dictates terms .
luke rescues him and , together with clary , they confront alec 's mother , maryse , who says she sent jace away to spare him from the approaching inquisitor .
for example , bernard gui , a famous inquisitor working in the area of carcassonne ( in modern france ) , executed 42 people out of over 600 guilty verdicts in fifteen years of office .
in spain , enrique , the inquisitor who has killed so many witchbreed , is exposed as a witchbreed himself and sentenced to be burned at the stake with his young acolytes , petros and sister wanda .
the veracity of these accomplishments are often debated , as they are usually derived from work by inquisitor czevak ( which he himself admits strays into the realm of paranoia ) and the rantings of a tortured eldar ranger .
they are led by the high inquisitor ( currently rhadam asunawa ) , and are often at odds with the lord captain commander pedron niall , who believes their techniques are extreme and not always in the right .
the " inquisitor " rulebook is available as a hard copy from games workshop , or as a pdf from .
in portugal , the first grand inquisitor was cardinal henry , who would later become king .
recent researches of orioli presents a plausible theory on the argument : the paper of the anonymous synchronous written shortly after the facts , identifies him as " nomine dulcinus , filius presbyteri iulii de tarecontano vallis ossole diocesis novariensis " ( name dulcinus , son of presbyter jules from tarecontano of the ossola valley in the diocese of novara ) ; a few years later the inquisitor bernardo gui in his work reports the same information changing the word " presbyteri " in " sacerdos " ( priest ) thus concluding that he was the illegitimate son of a priest .
the inquisitor tries to battle the creature , but he realizes that the battle is lost and teleports off of the boat .
unwillingness to stop the evil in the beginning only encourages the inquisitor to graduate his accusations and use torture .
the grand inquisitor visits him in his cell to tell him that the church no longer needs him .
inquisitor lim will ambush the player at this point ; the player kills him and recovers a piece of the amulet .
this proposition had been declared heretical in a trial before an inquisitor .
belial was originally an inquisitor in the medieval church called betheal .
the inquisitor is a self - repairing simulant who survived until the end of time and , coming to the conclusion that there is no god and no afterlife , decided that the only point of life was to live a worthwhile life .
as the inquisitor announces that he is ready to pass his judgment on humanity , the device finally activates much like a stargate .
in 1509 he was made an inquisitor , and in 1517 pope leo x made him commissioner of indulgences for all germany .
in 1789 he was created cardinal by pius vi , and from 1794 - 97 he held the post of grand inquisitor .
a fellow dominican , jacob van hoogstraaten , the grand inquisitor of cologne , tried to prosecute johann reuchlin , a humanist scholar .
the grand inquisitor , stunned and moved , tells him he must never come there again , and lets him out .
in 1870 he was elected inquisitor for western switzerland by the federal court .
one of the first video games to feature true closed captioning was zork grand inquisitor in 1997 .
minimal steps that can be undertaken for purposes of testing or benchmarking are called " tests " in inquisitor and are implemented as simple unix shell scripts that run other ( binary ) programs and collects their results .
juan de torquemada was an uncle to the inquisitor , tomás de torquemada .
her supporters , such as the theologian jean gerson , defended her hairstyle , as did inquisitor brehal during the rehabilitation trial .
the inquisitor asks the doctor if any of the vervoids survived , and he informs her that none did ; if even a leaf had survived and reached earth , a vervoid would have grown .
when the inquisitor arrives , she locks jace in the city of bones .
wolfgang informs gabriel that his family has an ancient heritage in investigating supernatural evil and that gabriel himself has inherited the mantle of schattenjäger , a sort of modern day inquisitor .
team venture , accompanied by the intrusive inquisitor , fly to spider - skull island in the x-1 .
triptych “ legend of the grand inquisitor . ”
—as royal confessor of john ii of castile ; an inquisitor ; an advisor to henry iv of castile ; and as chancellor of castile .
the inquisitor wants to know what was found in chetumal .
he was sent to france as legate by pope nicholas v to make peace between charles vii and england ( 1451 ) , and undertook at the instigation of the inquisitor general jean brehal an " ex officio " revision of the trial of joan of arc ; he afterwards reformed the statutes of the university of paris .
isarn or izarn was a dominican missionary , inquisitor , and writer .
an exception was the dredd story " crusade " ( by grant morrison and mark millar ) , which had an irish judge secretly working with a vatican judge - inquisitor .
torquemada , the inquisitor - general , in the course of the marrano persecutions , brought against pedro the charge that his father had died a marrano .
piedrahíta , near ávila , where the inquisitor general torquemada had gone to live in the dominican monastery , was the spiritual home of this visionary who confounded and scandalised many of her contemporaries in the early sixteenth century , who denounced her as a self - seeking fraud and labeled her ecstatic behavior " lascivious " .
while maintaining his other posts , his role as grand inquisitor and extractor of confessions gradually diminished as stalin retreated from the worst excesses of the great purge .
the lyrics may not be 100% historically correct , but they are usually based on facts like the very first viking raid on " lindisfarne " in 793 , the story about the spanish grand - inquisitor " torquemada " or the battle between the romans and the saxons at wippedesfleot in " ride into oblivion " .
calosoma inquisitor .
these include : michael jayston as the valeyard ; lynda bellingham as the inquisitor ; joan sims as katryca ; tony selby as sabalom glitz ; brian blessed as king yrcanos ; nabil shaban as sil ; christopher ryan as kiv ; honor blackman as professor lasky ; and anthony ainley as the master .
on 1313 was named inquisitor , in whose charge jealous defender of the faith with great honor he was shown and fame for the order .
after 15 years as spain 's grand inquisitor , he died in 1498 in ávila .
he commiserates with the inquisitor saying , if he receives 100 times as much in the afterlife , he would be drowned .
among the bishops of lodève are : st. george ( 863 - 884 ) , previously a benedictine monk ; st. fulcran ( 949 - 1006 ) , who in 975 dedicated the cathedral of st. genès and founded the abbey of st. sauveur ; the domincan inquisitor bernard gui ( 1324 - 1331 ) ; cardinal guillaume d'estouteville ( 1450 - 1453 ) , who played an important part as papal legate , also in the rehabilitation of joan of arc ; the brothers guillaume briçonnet ( 1489 - 1516 ) and denis briçonnet ( 1516 - 1520 ) .
immediately after his appointment as cardinal , pope clement made him a cardinal inquisitor .
in january 2008 , hunt appeared in a short film noir , " the grand inquisitor " , as the could - be widow of one of america 's most famous unapprehended serial killers .
the inquisitor bernardo gui cites the same episode , concluding that he fled to trento to escape the just punishment for his burglaries .
the main personages are : the master , the inquisitor , the heretic , julia ( assistant of the master ) and the leader .
several people have commented that he is the toughest inquisitor on the committee .
he calls maximinus a " wild beast " and " diabolic inquisitor " .
even cardinal ghislieri , his old inquisitor under paul iv , worked against him , though he had earlier declared him innocent .
don rodrigo pacheco y osorio de toledo , 3rd marquis of cerralvo ( ) ( born c. 1565 in spain , died june , 1652 in madrid ) was a spanish nobleman , inquisitor of valladolid , and viceroy of new spain .
he was especially acclaimed as the title character in " boris godunov " and as pimen from the same work , as paavo ruotsalainen in " the last temptations " , as a wagner singer ( king marke , hunding , fasolt , fafner , hagen ( one critic described his hagen as an " elemental force " ) and titurel ) , as sarastro , dosefei , and prince gremin , as king phillip ii , the grand inquisitor and , in the later part of his career , the title character in glinka 's " ivan susanin " .
fray pedro was the first inquisitor appointed in the new world .
carvalho brought malagrida , now aged 72 years old , in front of the inquisition ( of which carvalho had appointed his brother , paulo de carvalho e mendonça , as inquisitor general ) .
" puzzle quest 2 features its hallmark blend of match-3 gem matching and fantasy , with a simple but meaningful role playing experience where players can choose any of four character classes ; war mage , inquisitor , barbarian or assassin .
matthieu ory ( b. at la caune , 1492 ; d. at paris , 1557 ) was a french dominican theologian and inquisitor .
the end of the eisenhorn books was designed to bring the character to the point at which he is described in the inquisitor rulebook , so that players can then create his further exploits for themselves if they wish .
the inquisitor - general appeared to share his view that confession and accusation on their own were not enough .
the only horror film actor who ever portrayed dracula , the mummy , frankenstein , fu manchu , the hunchback , rasputin , a warlock , a zombie , a medieval inquisitor and a serial killer ( not to mention a werewolf in 15 different films ! ) , died on november 30 , 2009 from pancreatic cancer in madrid .
it was one of the last games in infocom 's zork series ; or , rather , one of the last zork games that many infocom fans consider " official " ( titles such as ' and " zork grand inquisitor " were created after activision had dissolved infocom as a company and kept the " brand name " ) .
on november 2 , 1540 , henry i , who had been named grand inquisitor by john iii , gave to the prior of the dominicans the authority to verify the type of books sold in both public and private libraries , as well as to prohibit the granting of the " imprimatur " , the church 's permission , to any book without prior examination .
while being locked up and awaiting the inquisitor 's arrival , stern was attacked by possessed individuals .
antonio zapata y cisneros ( madrid , 8 october 1550 - c. 27 april 1635 ) was a spanish bishop , archbishop and cardinal - priest of santa croce in gerusalemme , as well as councillor to philip iii of spain , viceroy of naples and inquisitor general of spain .
roger williams was the director and anna vissi ( queen & rozanne ) , yannis samsiaris ( daniel ) , bessy malfa ( witch & loa ) and john modinos ( inquisitor ) were the leading actors .
he makes as if to hug the tree , only to be embraced by the words and sight of the grand inquisitor , who is seemingly a part of the tree .
pope nicholas iii ( rome , 1210/1220 – august 22 , 1280 ) , born giovanni gaetano orsini , pope from november 25 , 1277 to his death in 1280 , was a roman nobleman who had served under eight popes , been made cardinal - deacon of st. nicola in carcere tulliano by pope innocent iv ( 1243–54 ) , protector of the franciscans by pope alexander iv ( 1254–61 ) , inquisitor - general by pope urban iv ( 1261–64 ) , and succeeded pope john xxi ( 1276–77 ) , largely through family influence , after a six - months ' vacancy in the holy see .
dumbledore 's army ( the d.a. for short ) is a student organisation in j. k. rowling 's " harry potter " series that is founded by the main characters , harry potter , ron weasley and hermione granger , in order to stand up against the regime of hogwarts high inquisitor dolores umbridge , as well as to learn practical defence against the dark arts .
he also alluded to the expected absence of the vice - inquisitor for rouen , jean le maistre , whose presence was required by canon law in order to validate the proceedings .
throughout the presentation of the evidence the doctor barked at the valeyard , calling him names such as " the boneyard , " " the scrapyard , " and " the knacker 's yard , " and only the interventions of the inquisitor , another time lord , kept the trial going .
with the situation at the ursuline convent getting out of control , father romillon enlisted the aid of the grand inquisitor sebastien michaelis .
in 1520 he became inquisitor of seville .
today , there is a general consensus that about 2000 people were burned by the inquisition in the whole of spain between 1480 and 1530 , while torquemada was grand inquisitor from 1483 until his death in 1498 .
at the instance of franz von sickingen and others , the dominicans deprived hoogstraten of the office of prior and inquisitor , but in january , 1520 , the pope annulled the decision of the bishop of speyer , condemned the " augenspiegel " , and reinstated hoogstraten .
tiberius and modestus and st. florence , martyrs at agde under diocletian ; st. severus , abbot of st. andré , at agde ( d. about 500 ) ; st. maxentius , a native of agde and founder of the abbey of st - maixent , in poitou ( 447 - 515 ) ; st. benedict of aniane , and his disciple and first historian , saint ardo smaragdus ( d. in 843 ) ; st. guillem , duke of aquitaine , who in 804 , founded near lodève , on the advice of st. benedict of aniane , the monastery of gellone ( later st - guillem du désert ) , died there in 812 , and under the name of " guillaume au court nez " became the hero of a celebrated epic chanson ; st. etienne , bishop of apt ( 975 - 1046 ) , born at agde ; blessed guillaume vi , lord of montpellier from 1121 to 1149 and who died a cistercian at grandselve abbey ; peter of castelnau , archdeacon of maguelonne , inquisitor ( d. in 1208 ) ; gérard de lunel ( st. gerard ) , lord of lunel ( end of thirteenth century ) ; the celebrated pilgrim , st. roch , who was born at montpellier about the end of the thirteenth century , saved several cities of italy from the pest , and returned to montpellier to live as a hermit , where he died in 1325 .
inquisitor eberhardt suggests taking her to würzburg for civil trial before she can be burned , but the captain insists on bringing her to suhl , where she will have no friends to aid her .
in portugal , the first grand inquisitor was cardinal henry , the king 's brother ( who would later himself become king ) .
the pope was enraged by the religious tensions that grew in bosnia , installed " fabian " of the franciscan order as the inquisitor in slavonia and gave him the task of rooting out heresy in bosnia .
the inquisitor .
he was an illegitimate offspring , " barragán " in spanish for a father being a priest , of bishop , archbishop , cardinal and general inquisitor alfonso manrique de lara , ( ? ? ? ? - bishop of badajoz , circa 1499 - bishop of córdoba 1516 - archbishop of seville 1523 - cardinal 1531 - september 1538 ) , becoming a bishop of cartagena , ( 1583 - 1591 ) , and later bishop of ávila , ( 1591 - 1595 ) .
in 1942 , he was one of the dalai lama 's ordaining monks ( and later in 1954 he acted as the so - called " inquisitor into the secrets " when the dalai lama took full ordination . )
the inquisitor asserts that joan was fundamentally innocent , in the sense that she was sincere and had no understanding of the church and the law .
his participation in the committee has given him a tough inquisitor image and made him very popular , effectively resurrecting him as an active politician .
she tells them her father is an inquisitor , but that is not true ...
nevertheless the leader of her trial , the dominican inquisitor william of paris gathered together a formidable array of academics and lawyers to assess the case against porete .
during the period 1335–1351/2 he was a lector at assisi and at cambridge , an inquisitor in florence , and a lector in bologna .
quiz - one of morwen 's cats , child of scorn , also known as the grand inquisitor .
the palace contained the judgement hall , the offices of the employees , the private apartments of the grand inquisitor and the detention cells adjacent to the apartments .
" the grand inquisitor " - fyodor dostoyevsky
in the winter of 1532 , a franciscan friar is being tortured by the grand inquisitor .
the inquisitor frames his denunciation of jesus around the three questions satan asked jesus during the temptation of christ in the desert .
the 16th century inquisitor pierre de lancre also refers to the basque country as " the land of the apple " .
players choose a warband , usually made up of an inquisitor and his / her henchmen , but also potentially led by any of a huge variety of rogues and heroes from throughout the imperium such as rogue traders , space marines or tech - priests .
he was a fine vocal actor who always brought a certain air of lugubrious dignity to his roles , even to pure - evil roles like hagen and the grand inquisitor .
in perhaps the most famous chapter in the novel , " the grand inquisitor " , ivan narrates to alyosha his imagined poem that describes a leader from the spanish inquisition and his encounter with jesus , who has made his return to earth .
she starred in the 14-part " doctor who " serial " the trial of a time lord " ( 1986 ) as the inquisitor .
bands : blitzkrieg | ruffians | metal inquisitor | darkmoon | jesus chrysler superskunk | dark fortress | final breath | tremors | bitterness
limited series marvel 1602 depicts quicksilver as petros , the assistant ( and secretly , son ) of the high inquisitor of the spanish catholic church , enrique .
the inquisitor reappears in most of the episodes of the big finish spin - off audio series " gallifrey " .
however , the machine was corrupted by chaos and commissar gaunt destroyed it , despite the psychic puppetry of the inquisitor , who died after his " instrument " - imperial agent fereyd , the man into whom heldane had extended his consciousness - was explosively killed .
they focus on the " warhammer 40,000 " game , with occasional forays into such spin - off games as " necromunda " or " inquisitor " and use of vehicles and equipment found only in " epic 40,000 " ( which deals with large - scale miniatures combat rather than the squad - level combat of " warhammer 40,000 " ) or " battlefleet gothic " ( which deals with combat between spaceships ) .
" the inquisitor " is the second episode of science fiction sitcom " red dwarf " series v and the twenty sixth in the series run .
finally duke ercole lodged accusation against renée before her nephew king henry ii of france , and through the inquisitor oriz , whom the king charged with this errand , renée was arrested as a heretic , and declared forfeit of all possessions unless she recanted .
he was bishop of sigüenza ( 1568 - 1572 ) , and inquisitor general ( 1567 - 1572 ) .
" inquisitor " has its own website and 54 mm scale models are available as " specialist games " from the games workshop catalogue .
about the same time he received the appointment of general inquisitor for the dioceses of mainz and cologne .
the most famous inquisitor general is probably the spanish dominican tomás de torquemada , who spearheaded the spanish inquisition .
the main portion of the text is the inquisitor explaining to jesus why his return would interfere with the mission of the church .
when the grand inquisitor enters , he explains that the prince was raised incognito by baptisto palmieri , a humble gondolier , who had a young son of his own about the same age .
boblig from edelstadt , the inquisitor , commenced an ever escalating series of trials , eventually involving hundreds of people .
senator bragadin , in total seriousness this time ( being formerly an inquisitor himself ) , advised his “ son ” to leave immediately or face the stiffest consequences .
guts and puck arrive in albion , a holy monastery surrounded by a vast refugee camp , lorded over by lord mozgus , a terrifying inquisitor .
the inquisitor shows up the next morning and claims jace was with valentine and plans to threaten jace 's life unless valentine returns the mortal instruments .
in 2001 he was named " inquisitor of the year " in the zurich / spectator parliamentarian of the year awards and , in february 2002 , he won the channel 4 opposition mp of the year award .
vidal discovered in the vatican library the record of the procedure of the inquisition tribunal created at pamiers , by jacques fournier in 1318 , for the extirpation of the remnants of albigensianism in the foix region ; this document is most important for the history of the inquisition , representing as it does , and perhaps in this instance only , that particular tribunal in which the monastic inquisitor and the diocesan bishop had almost equal power , as decreed in 1312 by the council of vienna .
in 1334 he was appointed confessor of queen joan i of naples and shortly afterwards inquisitor of florence .
in cultural terms , the influence of the counter - reformation in portugal is enormous : i ) joão iii introduces the inquisition in portugal in 1536 ; his brother henrique will be the first general inquisitor ; ii ) the jesuits come to portugal in 1540 and soon start teaching in their own colleges in coimbra and lisbon .
with the re - founding of manila in 1571 , the philippines became subject to the king of spain and the archbishop of new galicia ( mexico ) became the grand inquisitor of the faithful in mexico and the philippines .
during the torture of spawn by grand inquisitor thamuz , wynn was seen in the assembled rogues gallery alongside clown and the violator , but it was revealed that they were lower - level demons , masked in the visage of spawn 's enemies through the magic of thamuz rather than the real deal .
like much of their organization , one inquisitor 's psychic abilities can vary greatly from another 's .
barrientos was appointed an inquisitor during this time , and in 1438 was elected bishop of segovia .
in 1595 , the newly appointed archbishop of manila became the inquisitor - general of the spanish east indies ( the philippines , guam , and micronesia ) and until 1898 , the spanish inquisition was active against protestants , buddhists , hindus and muslims .
in proposing this metaphor , he draws on the idea that in dostoyevsky 's works there is not a single author at work -- dostoyevsky himself -- but several authors or thinkers , portrayed as characters such as ivan karamazov , myshkin , raskolnikov , stavrogin , and the grand inquisitor .
in 1995 he played mr. chase in the " babylon 5 " episode " comes the inquisitor " .
angelwitch , bullet , cloven hoof , deathriders , enforcer , exxplorer , helstar , jacob 's dream , killers , lick the blade , lonewolf , manilla road , memory garden , metal inquisitor , nightshade , paradox , piledriver , portrait , pretty maids , q 5 , razor , the rods , tank , tankard , tyson dog , vicious rumours , zed yago
some writers claim that shaw attempts to wrongly rehabilitate cauchon , the powerful bishop of beauvais , and the inquisitor , who were most instrumental in sending joan to the stake .
he bore the likeness and courage of a templar knight , yet embraced the pervisions of an inquisitor priest .
in 1233/34 , however , he made his father angry again , when he intervened against the inquisitor conrad of marburg , while his father was trying to bring pope gregory ix into an alliance against the lombards .
he expressed his ideas in a series of letters he wrote to the apostolics on 1300 - 1307 ; his letters were found by the inquisition and are deeply analyzed ( and confuted ) in the paper " additamentum ad historiam fratris dulcini , haeretici " , written by an inquisitor .
a new imperial mandate of 10 november 1509 , gave the direction of the whole affair to uriel von gemmingen , with orders to secure opinions from the universities of mainz , cologne , erfurt , and heidelberg , from the inquisitor jacob van hoogstraaten of cologne , from the priest victor von carben , and from johann reuchlin .
its first official inquisitor was pedro moya de contreras , who established the “ tribunal de la fe ”
this guilt is not necessarily balanced out by a sense of pride in the good work he does — in the episode ' the inquisitor ' , he believed his selflessness was purely a matter of programming and therefore he had not led a worthwhile life .
etienne de bourbon , a dominican inquisitor and the author of the above passage .
however curwen mentions torquemada the fifteenth century inquisitor and the palace may have been moved from europe " stone by stone " as weeden states in the tavern , perhaps spain .
in the inquisitive system , judge(s ) act as the inquisitor who determine the outcome of the trial .
the retrial of joan of arc , also known as the " nullification trial " , was a posthumous retrial of joan of arc authorized by pope callixtus iii , at the request of inquisitor - general jean brehal and joan 's mother isabelle romée .
later he became head of the cathedral school in the canary islands , and then inquisitor of murcia .
the inquisitor 's first act was forbidding hindus from the public practice of their faith through fear of death .
on february 27 , 1664 , inquisitor galeazzo marescotti wrote that the traditional carnival celebrations ended quietly that year because the knights were still mourning the death of their grand master raphael cotoner .
the peril was averted , however , and in 1696 a decree of juan tomás de rocaberti , archbishop of valencia and inquisitor - general of the holy office , forbade all further controversies between the carmelites and jesuits .
in this manner the spotlight is “ expressive of a unique inquisitor ” .
she defeats them and passes all of the inquisitor ’s tests .
the inquisitor says that under him , all mankind will live and die happily in ignorance .
but spawn returned to gazer and managed to escape the grand inquisitor 's clutches ... for now .
subsequently , he also played a small role in the pc game " zork : grand inquisitor " as the man in the third portal with lucy and can be seen in a bit role in the film " hancock " , starring will smith .
the inquisitor was a stern time lady charged by the high council of time lords with weighing evidence against the sixth doctor for his alleged crimes .
the sequel " zork grand inquisitor " made significant improvements to the z - vision system .
they discover an ancient portal leading to one of the eldar 's craftworlds , self - sustaining cities in space , which the inquisitor , lilith abferquan , closes after the alien farseer guarding the portal dies .
she could not join any army with her fellow sisters or with any inquisitor besides silas hand ( with silas , she counted as a " henchman " .
then he began to gouge through the wooden floor underneath his bed , knowing that his cell was directly above the inquisitor ’s chamber .
it is an exposé of the prerogatives and duties of the inquisitor : its citations , its forms of condemnation , its instructions for examinations , constitute a unique document for the study of the inquisition during the first period of its existence .
under pope pius iv ( 1559–65 ) he became bishop of mondovi in piedmont , but his opposition to that pontiff procured his dismissal from the palace and the abridgment of his authority as inquisitor .
pietro parente ( february 16 , 1891 , casalnuovo monterotaro , italy – december 29 , 1986 , rome , italy ) was a long - serving theologian and inquisitor in the holy office of the roman catholic church , and was made a cardinal on june 26 , 1967 .
bells ring , and elisabeth , eboli and the grand inquisitor arrive , while a crowd demands the release of carlos and threatens the king .
the grand inquisitor asks the prisoner , " why do you want to leave us now , on the very eve of your salvation ? "
he was appointed by pope innocent viii as the general inquisitor for germany , around 1475 .
however , the ambitious inquisitor darkel goaded braxiatel into losing control of pandora , believing that it would destroy itself and braxiatel 's mind in the process .
he also served as bishop of barcelona , archbishop of toledo and grand inquisitor .
saunders characterized condon 's manner as imperious , behaving as though he were " the grand inquisitor . "
the bishop and the inquisitor with sixty doctors went into what was called a " council of the faith . "
inquisitor nicholas eymerich witnesses the conclave , and then went on to write one of the first tracts against urban vi , " tractatus de potestate papali " ( 1383 ) , which argued in favor of the legitimacy of the avignon line of papal claimants .
macnutt selected the name ximenes after francisco ximenes de cisneros , one of torquemada 's successors as grand inquisitor of the spanish inquisition .
in march 1641 , vincentio reinieri , a follower and pupil of galileo , wrote him at arcetri that an inquisitor had recently compelled the author of a book printed at florence to change the words " most distinguished galileo " to " galileo , man of noted name . "
the identity of their accusers was rarely revealed to them , and once arrested , the accused were not allowed legal counsel , subjected to physical and emotional torture to gain confessions , and their properties were seized and administered first by the crown and later by the general inquisitor .
romana has to deal with free time infiltrators as well as an attempted coup by inquisitor darkel .
the għargħur community resorted to the inquisitor , to whom they complained about their situation .
news of the doctor 's capture is sent to the supreme dalek on skaro , who sends the primary intelligence unit , led by the dalek inquisitor general , to interrogate the doctor .
although his international fame was almost entirely in the german repertoire , in germany itself he was also known for performing verdi in the vernacular and was , for example a popular falstaff and a formidable grand inquisitor in " don carlo " .
apparently he is an engineer , but he belongs in the courts of law as an inquisitor . "
alizabeth bequin , an associate of inquisitor eisenhorn , was psychically overwhelmed by the warp sentience of an ancient titan she was attempting to disable .
there the inquisitor tells him that all the charges have been dropped , and to the doctor 's relief , that peri survived and is living as a warrior queen with king yrcanos .
according to clive barker and doug bradley , the earliest incarnation of pinhead appeared in " hunters in the snow " , an original 1973 play with doug bradley in the rôle of the dutchman , an undead inquisitor and torturer .
the inquisitor proceeds to explain why christ was wrong to reject each temptation by satan .
thanks to his position as inquisitor and the influence that title conferred upon him , he was able to contact pope nicholas v regarding the issue .
there , information is given about thealabaster memorial hosting the mortal remains of general inquisitor , fernando valdés , founder of the university of oviedo at the colegiata de santa maría la mayor , ( salas ) , made by the spanish royalty sculptor , son of leone leoni , ( 1509 — 22 july 1590 ) , an italian sculptor of international outlook who travelled in italy , germany , austria , france , the spanish netherlands and spain , pompeo leoni , ( circa 1533 - 1608 ) , also a skilfull bronze foundry worker .
amon and robin escort cortion to the church he will be staying , and a discussion between the inquisitor and robin reveals that he performed robin 's inquisition .
torquemada eventually assumed the title of inquisitor - general ( peters 1988 : 89 ) .
at some date before 1474 he was appointed inquisitor for the tyrol , salzburg , bohemia and moravia .
the series ' treatment of time lords ' names is slightly inconsistent , with some time lords using " titles " such as the doctor , the master , the inquisitor and so on , and some time lords using more " normal " names such as borusa , flavia , spandrel or damon .
we read that the model was displayed before the inquisitor , many grand cresses and knights , and such was the admiration , that the commissioners of the foundation decided to add a further two louis , as a bonus , to marini ’s invoice of sc .
a further example of eymerich as inquisitor general is his sentence of the jew , astruc dapiera in 1370 .
the two men clashed in the past and the zealous inquisitor has no time for theories outside his own .
in its castle died the dominican inquisitor bernardus guidonis .
" holoship " had been put back in the filming schedule because of guest star availability and " the inquisitor " was passed on by the new director as she was still trying to make sense of the script .
