within , the system behavior is robust and insensitive in spite of unavoidable variability . e.g. the consistent variability und uncertainty leads only to the smallest variability of the product characteristics .
the national academy of sciences — national research council committees on trauma and shock , a federally - funded department of the government , published the report of their research which concluded , in part , that both the public and government were " insensitive to the magnitude of the problem of accidental death and injury " in the u.s. ; that the standards to which ambulance services were held were diverse and " often low " ; and that " most ambulances used in this country are unsuitable , have incomplete … equipment , carry inadequate supplies , and are manned by untrained attendants . "
insensitive ( song ) .
the matador 's projectile is claimed to be insensitive to wind due to its propulsion system which results in a highly accurate weapon system .
further it is relatively insensitive to the levels of precipitation ; a " qanat " typically delivers a relatively constant flow with only gradual variations from wet to dry years .
creek 's employer is the amoral and ambitious adam klaus , a flamboyant performer with a sinister stage persona who is really a drug - addled , insensitive womaniser .
his comments were labeled insensitive by opposition mps who called for poilievre 's resignation ,
such as delay insensitive minterm synthesis ,
according to lds church general authority monte j. brough , " mormons who baptized 380,000 holocaust victims posthumously were motivated by love and compassion and did not understand their gesture might offend jews ... they did not realize that what they intended as a ' christian act of service ' was ' misguided and insensitive . ' " .
the new york times " later quoted then - abc president angela shapiro admitting , " i was insensitive and take total responsibility for it .
the film poignantly depicted the dilemmas facing single parents working for an employer insensitive to work - family balance needs .
relatively insensitive film , with a correspondingly lower speed index requires more exposure to light to produce the same image density as a more sensitive film , and is thus commonly termed a " slow film " .
the practice has come under fire from those who feel that the testing is humiliating , socially insensitive , and not entirely accurate or effective .
while the light and insensitive manner henson uses while discussing these topics may be considered offensive by some , he insists on the show that it is all done in jest .
insensitive high explosive has been available to the united states military for use in its nuclear weapons since 1979—by 1991 , 25% of the country 's nuclear stockpile was using ihe .
" the aluminum clock is very accurate because it is insensitive to background magnetic and electric fields , and also to temperature " .
vincent , who is also hurt by lily 's insensitive behavior , storms out of the house during the meal and does n't even return to get his wallet .
words are used as case - insensitive variables .
jolyon wagg is based on a salesman who came to hergé 's door and invited himself in , but also on a stereotype of what hergé called a " belgicain " ( roughly , " an ugly belgian " , one who is insensitive , for example , when visiting in foreign countries ) .
psychological motivation and peer pressure was emphasized in implementation of the program , which formed the bulk of criticism of the program as being insensitive and heavy - handed .
the press was criticized for its insensitive reporting of the event .
for example , ted miller , a spokesperson for the abortion - rights group naral pro - choice america called the project " offensive and insensitive to the women who have suffered the heartbreak of miscarriage , " and wanda franz , the president of the national right to life committee , called the project " depraved " and described shvarts as " a serial killer . "
following intense criticism by netizens on her post as highly insensitive at a time when , coincidentally , a high - profile suicide of an impoverished heartlander at chinese garden mrt station was being heavily publicised and her name topping technorati 's search terms for a week , she has since appeared to have apologised on another blog and shut down her own .
in reporting the incident , the new york times , the associated press , and most of the mainstream media found the reference to be too insensitive or offensive and refused to print it . “
clarke asserts that the four major themes of " other voices , other rooms " are " the loneliness that afflicts all but the stupid or insensitive ; the sacredness of love , whatever its form ; the disappointment that invariably follows high expectations ; and the perversion of innocence . "
his account of his travels , " a queenslander 's travel notes " , published in that year , though bright enough in its way suggests a curiously insensitive stephens .
prather et al . found that during the short period of time before and after the bird sings , his hvcx neurons become insensitive to auditory input .
he was both an admirer and a critic of rudyard kipling , praising kipling as a gifted writer and a " good bad poet " whose work is " spurious " and " morally insensitive and aesthetically disgusting , " but undeniably seductive and able to speak to certain aspects of reality more effectively than more enlightened authors .
tgf-β is not required for treg functionality , in the thymus , as thymic treg from tgf-β insensitive tgfβrii - dn mice are functional .
scoffed at cair ’s calling for prager ’s removal off the holocaust council “ cair routinely demonstrates intolerance for any opinion deemed insensitive to its views and targets individuals and institutions for cyber - posses and technomobs . ” “ hoisting the red flag , as prager has done , is n't an act of bigotry — or even schmuckery .
delay - insensitive circuits usually use dual - rail encodings for data .
response ranged from those who considered the headline insensitive , as it was printed very close to the second anniversary of the montreal massacre , to a pair of journalism professors who applauded " the eyeopener " for being " obstreperous " and encouraged it to keep on doing so .
kruk came under heavy public criticism for being insensitive , even though kruk was unaware .
the film has never been released in its entirety on home video in the usa because of content which disney executives believe would be construed by some as racially insensitive towards blacks and is thus subject to much rumor .
while adidas noted that it had consulted on the erection of the statue , it was eventually toppled from the top of the island by a saboteur claiming that it was culturally insensitive .
in addition as duplex teeth are executed as involute gear they are insensitive in regards to modifications of the center distance , e.g. caused by worm shaft deflections .
this location is relatively insensitive to blockage and does not require a pressurized housing , but contaminants that enter the reservoir from external sources are not filtered until passing through the system at least once .
the current administration of president gloria macapagal - arroyo was recently called " not just gender insensitive , but gender - dead " by akbayan party representative risa hontiveros .
zachary dislikes the wealthy and privileged , seeing them as selfish and insensitive towards the less privileged ; as a result , zachary and his gang have a penchant for stripping the rich of their money and influence .
at some point in the building 's history , the original storefronts were replaced with insensitive commercial aluminum storefronts .
newer models use tatb based pbx 9502 , which is an insensitive high explosive ( ihe ) and will not detonate due to fire , shock , or impact .
rna polymerase i is insensitive , rna pol ii is highly sensitive , and rna pol iii is slightly sensitive .
when mel had stopped by jason 's to get some wood , crystal had made remarks to him about being a homosexual and made cruel , insensitive comments about his love for jason .
also , exceeding a certain angle of roll or pitch even without a blade strike may cause the helicopter to go out of control and crash , as the top stabilized blades ' weight and angular momentum will tend to render the helicopter unstable and insensitive to corrective control input .
however , when natasha tries to seduce max , she makes insensitive comments about his wife and max kicks her out .
two advertised safety improvements of the rrw would be a return to the use of " insensitive high explosives which are far less susceptible to accidental detonation " , and the elimination of " certain hazardous materials , such as beryllium , that are harmful to people and the environment . "
in the virginia colony , where he required strict discipline , argall was viewed by his rival as an autocrat who was especially insensitive to the poorer of the colonists .
this variation was demonstrated by examining transgenic mice , bred to have atp - insensitive potassium channels .
by design there are low explosives and high explosives made such that , the low explosives are highly sensitive ( i.e. their ' figure of insensitivity ' is low ) and high explosives are comparatively insensitive .
other children and classmates are alienated by cartman 's insensitive , sexist , racist , homophobic , anti - semitic , lazy , misogynistic , self - righteous , and wildly insecure behavior , but are occasionally influenced by his obtrusive , manipulative , and propagandist antics .
the uniflex 2im modular charge system consists of two sizes of combustible charge cases ; one full - size and one half - size case , both filled with the same type of insensitive guanylurea dinitramide ( gudn ) propellant .
he still found nothing funny about it , due to his finding its treatment of puritans too vicious and being insensitive to the humor of the rhymes .
it was also found that , when developer solution is optimally formulated , the maximum photographic speed is rather insensitive to the choice of developing agent ( james 1945 ) , and there exists a limit for the size of silver cluster determining the developability of the crystal .
imus ' sidekick , charles mccord , often played the role of the instigator , doing his best to egg on mcguirk 's famously insensitive but humorous remarks and quips .
his handling of the issue garnered criticism from both the left ( for being too tentative in promoting gay rights ) and the right ( for being too insensitive to military life ) .
the insensitive princess .
as oz has been experiencing racial tension , his death is not easy for unit manager tim mcmanus who goes on a self - destructive path singing the racially insensitive de camptown races at his funeral .
andrew jaspan also attracted criticism of a different kind in june 2005 , when he described iraqi kidnap victim douglas wood as " boorish " and " insensitive " for calling his captors " arseholes . "
this alloy has , for example , an adequately high strain sensitivity , or gauge factor , which is relatively insensitive to strain level and temperature .
images inspired by the book ( now considered by some racially insensitive ) were common interior decorations in the restaurants .
in a 2010 commentary a group of scientists criticized a study designed to test low dose bpa exposure published in " toxicological sciences " and a later editorial by the same journal which used rats insensitive to estrogen and had other problems like the use of polycabornate cages .
although all three were equally billed as co - hosts , the move created a storm of controversy and was seen as insensitive by many of edwards ' fans , as well as by local tv critics , although edwards herself remained gracious .
rule names are case insensitive : codice_2 , codice_3 , codice_4 , and codice_5 all refer to the same rule .
the second episode , " dearth of a salesman " , shows coogan as the insensitive , egotistical computer software salesman , gareth cheeseman .
some families of 9/11 victims accused the bush campaign of being insensitive to the memory of those who died and of exploiting the tragedy for his personal political gain .
one analogy is to think of helium-4 as ash , and the amount of ash that one forms when one completely burns a piece of wood is insensitive to how one burns it .
the song tells the story of a girl who first thought her lover to be insensitive , until one day she saw him cry .
life must go on ” , or an insensitive blunder by a hungover old drunkard ?
the main advantage of the bubble detector technique is that the detector is almost insensitive to background radiation .
this process can increase the overall riskiness of institutions under a risk insensitive regulatory regime , as described by alan greenspan in his october 1998 speech on .
he questioned the " euphoria in india " after the film 's release there , arguing that with a few exceptions , " there is nothing indian about this film . " he concluded that the film has " very little substance " and is " superficial and insensitive . "
while some news services took the comment at face value , other outlets thought the comment was a joke , but ( as gamesindustry.biz put it ) could be seen as " insensitive at a time when consumers are likely to be feeling the economic pinch " .
instead of using clock signals or other global control signals , the sequencing of computation in delay insensitive circuit is determined by the data flow .
the insensitive high explosives are also less powerful , necessitating larger and heavier warhead , reducing the missile range - or sacrificing some yield .
one limitation of x - ray techniques is that x - rays are relatively insensitive to light elements such as hydrogen .
however , they can also be cold , superficial , impractical and very insensitive to other people 's emotions .
most are not supervised and thus are environmentally insensitive to delicate corals and reefs and the sensitivity of local communities .
he cites some more recent scholarship as ( equally briefly ) finding douglas " insensitive to the moral repugnance of slavery " or even " proslavery " .
secondary explosives a low explosive which is relatively insensitive to heat and shock and is usually initiated by a primary high explosive ( detonator ) to set them off .
but he kept changing schools to escape what he felt were insensitive teachers .
the neocon complained that the paleocon made an " insensitive remark " about aids and said , " how can you say that , when we all have so many close friends who have been struck down by this terrible disease ? " the paleo replied , close friends ? ' i do n't know anyone who has aids .
all songs by jann arden , except " insensitive " by anne loree .
because of the sift - inspired object recognition approach to panorama stitching , the resulting system is insensitive to the ordering , orientation , scale and illumination of the images .
furthermore , we are generally insensitive to the " real " situation of the other person ; we are instead sensitive to how we would feel ourselves if we were in the situation of the other person .
blum never apologized for his remarks and the department of the army inspector generals office concluded that " blum 's remarks , though perhaps insensitive , did not rise to the level of an offense " .
the ad campaign was temporarily halted during a mad cow disease scare in late 2003/early 2004 so as not to make the chain seem insensitive or appear to be taking advantage of the scare to increase its sales .
fire - resistant pits would be of no help in case of being scattered around by an explosion , therefore they are used together with insensitive high explosives , which should be resistant to accidental detonation by impact or fire , and undetonable propellants when used in missiles .
ultrasound has good spatial resolution in deep biological tissue since ultrasonic scattering is much weaker than optical scattering , but it is insensitive to biochemical properties .
the company promised that its cocaine products would " supply the place of food , make the coward brave , the silent eloquent and ... render the sufferer insensitive to pain . "
jimmy said he does n't want just one night , and scolded the " boys in the back " in the locker - room for their insensitive comments .
the dissidents were lead by c. r. reddy , a leader of the justice party , who complained of the dictatorial rule of the raja and his insensitive , unimaginative policies .
throughout the myth , the mythbusters were careful to only use the scientific term " flatus " as opposed to the more common " fart " , to prevent coming off as insensitive to the viewers ( although " fart " had been used and aired uncensored by the mythbusters before and since ) .
the world meteorological organization received intense criticism for using both adolph and israel during the season , mostly from jewish leaders who called the use of the names " bizarre " , " stupid " , and " insensitive " .
the least precise call graph is context - insensitive , which means that there is only one node for each procedure .
while many praised it , the novel and fleming also garnered criticism for “ championing the uniqueness of lesbianism ” while rendering the male characters as “ insensitive , adolescent klutzes . ” the book was also criticized in the lgbt community for not being political enough .
while referring to the 350 tonnes of toxic waste lying on the campus of the now abandoned plant , he then proceeded with uncharacteristically insensitive remarks , saying ,
surprisingly , in the 1997 leadership election , gorman deserted right - winger john redwood , because she believed he was " a bad - mannered , insensitive snob whose remarks on single mothers were a disaster " .
field observations and laboratory experiments suggest that ribbed bog moss has broad tolerance and may be relatively insensitive to macronutrient concentrations [ 49,78,121 ] .
the ever - increasing commercial exploitation of skateboarding often leading to insensitive planning , or quick fix methods contribute to the threat against adequate standard facilities .
sport sharewood and her brother jeb live in a big , expensive house , but their mother is cold , insensitive and self - centered , and their father is kinder but still is a distant and preoccupied businessman .
it is more beneficial for data applications than for applications that require low latency and low jitter , such as voice and real - time video : " in a universe of applications , including both latency - sensitive and insensitive applications , it is difficult to regard the ip suite as truly neutral . "
one could argue that curing barbara and allowing her to be batgirl again would simply allow her to do more good fighting crime than she ever could in a wheelchair , but then you look insensitive to the ability and usefulness she has in other capacities as oracle .
the irl deemed hinton 's and " sis coverage of the accident insensitive and inappropriate , and revoked hinton 's credentials for the 1999 indianapolis 500 .
another famously insensitive joke of the time described sir cyril as " a man who has had more dinners than you 've had hot dinners " , an insult he took with commendable good grace .
the show featured a discussion of adolf hitler which was reportedly done in an insensitive manner .
formula_16 is the coordination number of the system , but the model is found to be relatively insensitive to its value and is frequently quoted as a constant having the value of 10 .
lost in narcissistic self - absorption , felt is wealthy , greedy , and selfish , and so afraid of his own death he is insensitive to the repercussions of his actions on the emotions of those he claims to love .
the mentally ill were typically viewed as insensitive wild animals .
insensitive to traditional rights , john sigismund granted whole székely villages as feudal estates to his supporters .
monitoring of the aptt is also not required and indeed does not reflect the anticoagulant effect , as aptt is insensitive to alterations in factor xa .
in a thirteen - page letter written by gca secretary david bovenmyer , the movement admitted " authoritarian and insensitive leadership , " " improper response to criticism , " " lack of emphasis on formal education , " " excessive and unbiblical church discipline " and " treating dating as a sin . "
however , when michael talks badly of her boyfriend , tommy wallace , during a family dinner , sadie openly denounces her employers as snobby and insensitive .
as a general rule , petn is considered to be either a relatively insensitive primary explosive , or one of the most sensitive secondary explosives .
he also demonstrates how insensitive modern society is to the misfortunate .
at senator strom thurmond 's 100th birthday party , lott had made comments that some took to be racially insensitive .
tag temporary settings , such as the time stamp , are stored in temporary random access memory ( tram ) that retains data contents during power outages caused by switching of the powering field in orientation insensitive interrogators .
the article suggests that the fear of being labeled " culturally insensitive " prevents us government officials and the media from both identifying and accurately reporting these incidents as " honor killings " when they occur .
undesired behaviors are essentially the opposites , specially being insensitive or disrespectful , e.g. arrogance in dismissing the patient 's input , disinterest in the patient as an individual , impatience in answering a patient 's questions or callousness in discussing the patient 's prognosis .
this figure was taken with an instrument insensitive to near - ground turbulence and so it is comparable to the 0.35 arcseconds agabi et al .
quasi delay insensitive .
subsonic airfoils have a round leading edge , which is naturally insensitive to the angle of attack .
the w62 is being retired because it lacks enhanced electrical isolation , insensitive high explosives , a fire resistant pit , a command disable system and a code management system .
ritz made national news when insensitive jokes he made on august 30 , 2008 , in response to the 2008 canadian listeriosis outbreak , were made public .
however , in vitro , most purified dna repair enzymes are rather insensitive to as , but in cell culture , as produces a dose - dependant decrease of dna ligase activity .
an example is dual rail encoding , and chain link used in delay insensitive circuits .
leno 's remarks took an historic recognition for a transgender community leader and summarily diminished it with insensitive humor . "
to everyone 's surprise the test delivered a much lower yield than was expected , apparently due to problems in the tatb based insensitive high explosives used to fire the primary .
most other students are alienated by cartman 's insensitive , often misogynistic , and bigoted behavior , though they are occasionally influenced by his obtrusive , manipulative , and propagandist antics .
he , and leo mckinstry of the " daily mail " , said international clamour to denounce china was " hypocritical and insensitive " .
a 1985 study published in the " journal of experimental child psychology " suggested that " 3-month - old infants are comparatively insensitive to being the object of another 's visual regard " .
based on the size of the plume observed at pele , the ring of reddish ( or dark as it appeared to voyager 's cameras , which were insensitive to red - wavelengths ) material was determined to be a deposit of plume material .
senior government sources spoke of " outrage " across the political spectrum at the insensitive content and tone of a news bulletin broadcast , which the station had earlier flagged as a " news story of national importance " .
the baseball program was a source of recent controversy when the head coach , larry cochell , resigned after making racially insensitive remarks about one of the players on the team .
as a result of being witness to so many violent images , " we grow insensitive to death and violence .
caltech designed and manufactured the world 's first fully quasi delay insensitive processor .
note also that re - casing of file , directory and volume names is allowed using ordinary methods ; the commands " rename foo foo " and " relabel bar : bar : " are valid and do exactly what is expected , in contrast to for example on linux , where " mv foo foo " results in the error message " mv : ` foo ' and ` foo ' are the same file " on case - insensitive filesystems like vfat .
fans have claimed them to be candid and honest while detractors consider them to be purposely agitational and insensitive at times .
her self - consciousness causes her to desperately try to be part of the cool crowd , but this only results in her getting coldly rebuffed by connie d'amico , an insensitive , egotistical and irresponsible cheerleader .
search in case insensitive mode .
until recently , the technique was relatively insensitive to small slope movements and could not be automated because it relied on human detection of changes in the reflectance trace over time .
the oxygen consumption of such a microsensor is so small that it is practically insensitive to stirring and can be used in stagnant media such as sediments or inside plant tissue .
" how insensitive " was nominated for the governor general 's award , at that time the most prestigious canadian literary prize .
scientists have identified and cloned many genes involved in the gibberellin signaling pathway , including gai1 ( gibberellin insensitive ) and slr1 ( slender rice ) .
these remarks were condemned as insensitive , and macke was removed from his post and forced into early retirement .
cameron sleeps with chase in season 2 episode 7 ( hunting ) while high on drugs , and then begins a " friends with benefits " relationship with him in season 3 at the end of the episode " insensitive " .
pyrogens are also relatively thermally stable and insensitive to ph changes .
well socialized and trained , the leonberger is self assured , insensitive to noise , submissive to family members , friendly toward children , well composed with passersby , and self - disciplined when obliging his family or property with protection .
three flocculation phenotypes have been elucidated based on the zymolectins they produce : flo1 ( stratford and assinder , 1991 ) newflo ( stratford and assinder , 1991 ) and mannose insensitive ( mi ) ( masy et al . , 1992 ; dengis and rouxhet , 1997 ) .
the residual gain is low ( k = rc / re < 1 ) ; the circuit is insensitive to the input voltage variations , and the transistor stays firmly in active linear region .
in recent years , there have been several inflammatory blackface " incidents " where white college students donned blackface as part of possibly innocent , but insensitive , gags , or as part of an acknowledged climate of racism and intolerance on campus .
however , this design was considered too insensitive to the chinese and so the reverse described above was used .
in march 2008 , mcleroy was criticized for racially and culturally insensitive remarks saying : " what good does it do to put a chinese story in an english book ?
during her time on the winnipeg school board , granger was criticized on two separate occasions for allegedly making insensitive remarks about homosexuals and racial minorities .
many regarded the king as worse than insensitive , and this played a role in bringing a large part of eastern england into parliament ’s camp .
there are several different line codes designed to be polarity insensitive -- whether the data stream is inverted or not , the decoded data will always be correct .
he is emotionally insensitive and needs to realize that his girlfriend is leaving him because he does n't have " emotional griptape " , hence the song 's name .
" he added that his " concern for the future safety of your nation led me to make remarks which i can now view in retrospect as inappropriate and insensitive in light of a national grief experienced because of your father 's illness ... i ask your forgiveness and the forgiveness of the people of israel . " omri and the israeli government accepted the apology , though it remained unclear whether the deal with robertson would be rehabilitated .
many of these troops took part in the indian mutiny , with the aim of reinstating the mughal emperor bahadur shah ii at delhi , partly as a result of insensitive treatment by their british officers .
for example , they may seem insensitive to pain or dislike being touched .
in addition to use as error correction codes , the large space between code words can also be used in the design of asynchronous circuits such as delay insensitive circuits .
" the insensitive princess " ( french : ' ) is a 1983 french animated television series written and directed by michel ocelot .
critics charged that reagan 's attacks on federal assistance programs were designed to appeal to a middle class supposedly insensitive to the problems facing poor families and minorities .
other characters frequently find the hemulens annoying or overwhelming , as they can be somewhat loud , bossy , abrasive and insensitive .
first , since t , n , and b can all be given as successive derivatives of the parametrization of the curve , each of them is insensitive to the addition of a constant vector to r(t ) .
if that limit were exceeded , such as by pointing the camera at the sun , sun - reflecting shiny surfaces , or extremely bright point light sources , the tube detecting surface would instantly " burn out " and be rendered insensitive on part or all of the screen .
he criticized the government for being too java - centric and insensitive to the needs and desires of the other regions and peoples of indonesia .
the ballet , which includes sung parts , is loosely adapted from the novel 's chapters dealing with the frivolous duke and duchess , who play insensitive practical jokes on quixote .
and i 'm not saying there are n't [ pause ] those who i 'd love to see get a good flogging " urkel " , it 's just that [ pause ] i 'm afraid we 've become so insensitive that we 've learned to accept the idea of a man 's beating in public " pee wee herman " . "
the simmons campaign accused linda of being insensitive to people with special needs , referring to the antics of eugene , a gimmick played by wrestler nick dinsmore .
he was fired from that post in november 1995 , hours after making comments considered insensitive to reporters about the case of u.s. sailors and a marine accused of kidnapping , beating and raping a 12-year - old japanese girl .
manufacturing such trauma was stupid , insensitive and possibly dangerous , and we can only hope that a similar ill - conceived idea does not surface here . "
they share with better known semiconductors intermediate conductivity and a rapid variation of conductivity with temperature but lack the rigid crystalline structure of conventional semiconductors such as silicon and so are relatively insensitive to impurities and radiation damage .
additionally , one episode showed a health visitor reprimanding honey for refusing down 's syndrome screening and karen reay , director of the community practitioners ' and health visitors ' association called the episode " insensitive and patronising " .
he considers that the pq has been insensitive the population 's local identity .
names are defined in this context to be case - insensitive .
it provides for representations of units in 7 bit ascii for machine to machine communication , with unambiguous mapping between case - sensitive and case - insensitive representations .
it 's hard to believe , in today 's day and age that any business owner or manager would be so insensitive to fire safety as to allow this sort of incident to happen . "
based on his experiences working with macarthur , tierney would many years later assess macarthur as culturally insensitive .
the wee shu min elitism scandal was a singaporean scandal in october 2006 in which wee shu min , daughter of parliament member wee siew kim and a then - eighteen year - old student on raffles junior college 's scholarship programme , found herself in controversy after posting on her blog what were viewed by some singaporeans to be elitist , naive , and insensitive statements against heartlanders .
with the availability of molecular genetics in arabidopsis and rice the mutant genes responsible ( " reduced height(rht ) " , " gibberellin insensitive ( gai1 ) " and " slender rice ( slr1 ) " ) have been cloned and identified as cellular signalling components of gibberellic acid , a phytohormone involved in regulating stem growth via its effect on cell division .
because of his cynical , sarcastic and egocentric nature , many persons find him hard to bear , but he actually is n’t as insensitive as he may look at first .
in this way , even very insensitive explosives may be used ; the primary detonates a " booster " charge that then detonates the main charge .
friedman was haunted by racially insensitive statements that were made , both during the campaign and during comedy routines twenty years ago .
stewart resigned in 1996 after making a racially - insensitive comment towards a player regarding his on - field behavior .
all blacks assistant coach wayne smith criticised the advertisement , saying " it is insensitive , i think , to māori and disrespectful of the all blacks " .
if n is arbitrary , i.e. , if the system is insensitive to any rotation , then every component of l is conserved ; in short , angular momentum is conserved .
the search terms and field names are case - insensitive .
tnt can be safely poured when liquid into shell cases , and is so insensitive that in 1910 , it was exempted from the uk 's explosives act 1875 and was not considered an explosive for the purposes of manufacture and storage .
a distinctive type of these arrangements and patterns is found in the shape of a wheel , circle , hoop or disk ; known generally through the term " medicine wheel " though this nomenclature is culturally insensitive to some and is disfavoured as an external cultural attribution .
delay insensitive circuit .
shortly after the announcement , a board member from lincoln - way community high school district , a district representing two of the schools leaving to form a new conference , was forced to resign after racially insensitive statements were left on a reporter 's voice mail .
at the time , such imagery was viewed as nationalistic and racially insensitive by the british music press ; to quiet concerns , blur subsequently released the " british image 2 " photo , which was " a camp restaging of a pre - war aristocratic tea party " . " modern life is rubbish " peaked at number 15 on the british charts , yet it did not make much of an impression in the u.s.
there , the elimination of the perennial bulgarian threat , combined with insensitive taxation policy reversals , helped spur liberation movements .
with the availability of molecular genetics in arabidopsis and rice the mutant genes responsible ( " reduced height(rht ) " , " gibberellin insensitive ( gai1 ) " and " slender rice ( slr1 ) " ) have been cloned and identified as cellular signalling components of gibberellic acid , a phytohormone involved in regulating stem growth via its effect on cell division .
invented by david e. muller , the dims ( delay insensitive minterm synthesis ) system is an asynchronous design methodology making the least possible timing assumptions .
but the allegations of cruel and insensitive treatment would not go away and , on 6 october , 1947 , the foreign office sent a telegram to the british commanders in the region demanding to know whether the camps really were surrounded with barbed wire and guarded by german staff .
he is sometimes slow when dealing with humor , occasionally insensitive , often self - obsessed , and is very slow to forgive or forget a slight .
the remarks were deemed as insensitive by many .
certain finnish dialects also have quantitiave - sensitive main stress pattern , but instead of moving the initial stress , they geminate the consonant , so that e.g. light - heavy cv.cvv becomes heavy - heavy cvccvv . e.g. the partitive form of " fish " is pronounced " kalaa " in the quantity - insensitive dialects but " kallaa " in the quantity - sensitive ones .
insensitive nuclei enhanced by polarization transfer ( inept ) is a signal enhancement method used in nmr spectroscopy which involves the transfer of nuclear spin polarization from spins with large boltzmann population differences to nuclear spins of interest with low boltzmann population differences .
it is sensitive to some factors and insensitive to others .
his career is increasingly guided by egotistical , insensitive super - agent max haggar .
yet , as noted by voltaire , the inquisition was often cruel , forceful and insensitive to the local culture .
eno is an amiable type who just wants people to get along , albeit his inadvertent habit of making insensitive remarks at the wrong time .
in keeping with the comic 's irreverent and deliberately non - conformist style , the duke of edinburgh was once portrayed as a culturally insensitive , dim - witted xenophobe in a one - off strip " hrh the duke of edinburgh and his jocular larks " which centred on the duke making outrageously ill - informed comments to a young chinese victim of a residential housing block collapse .
his career at colorado was generally successful ; however , he was disgraced and his reputation tarnished by a recruiting scandal , insensitive off - field remarks and failure to maintain the on - field success of his predecessors .
the aptem test , a tissue factor activated , heparin insensitive test performed in the presence of aprotinin ( fibrinolysis inhibitor , confirms hyperfibrinolysis by comparing the tem result of this assay with the extem test ( same activator , but without aprotinin ) .
most notably , he created the lyrics for marcos valle 's " summer samba " , also known as " so nice " , as well as jobim ’s " how insensitive " , " the girl from ipanema " ( turning it into a top hit for astrud gilberto ) and " meditation " , which has gained the status of a " classic " in the jazz and bossa nova genres .
let all who agree say amen " , which some felt was religiously insensitive to non - christians and inappropriate at a secular ceremony .
the opsin remains insensitive to light in the " trans " form .
the main idea behind the song is relationship independence and was written as an uptempo empowerment anthem that declares independence from an insensitive , indifferent partner .
the gang was influenced by clough williams - ellis 's publication " england and the octopus " , which denounced insensitive building and ugly development .
the board 's secretary said that the censor body ruled the film was " insensitive for religious and moral reasons " .
it was said that witches had a spot of insensitive skin on their body where the devil had touched them , known as " the devil 's mark " .
in enzymology , a vitamin - k - epoxide reductase ( warfarin - insensitive ) ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
the film keeps the colour of the rolls - royce and secretary ’s hair , but not the other insensitive material , and adds other gold motifs ( see film discussion ) .
longchamp 's relations with the english people were made more difficult because he was a native of normandy , and often insensitive to english customs .
lucas plays , among many others , four of the most popular characters in the series , which he writes and acts in along with david walliams : apparently disabled andy pipkin , teenage bristol chav vicky pollard , homophobic homosexual daffyd thomas and insensitive slimming club organiser marjorie dawes .
environmentalist alex steffen found the book presents nothing new , but that using the sudden and clean disappearance of humans provides a unique framework , although extremely unlikely and insensitive .
she is arrogant , rude and insensitive to others ; if they become frustrated or fed - up and complain , she quickly accuses them of being racist .
" insensitive " is a song recorded by canadian singer - songwriter jann arden , released as a single from her 1994 second album " living under june " .
some senators also objected to comments by ryskamp during a 1987 case that they considered to be insensitive .
scott tobias of " the onion " described the film as " crass , schizophrenic , culturally insensitive , horribly paced , and shameless in its pandering to the lowest common denominator " , while owen gleiberman of " entertainment weekly " said , " this galumphing elephant of a chopsocky revenge - of - the - nerd quasi - musical lacks the lyrical choreographic beauty that has marked such stateside bollywood releases as the gorgeous " lagaan " .
however , the model was soon invalidated when it was discovered that actual teleconnection patterns were nearly insensitive to the location of the forcing , in direct contradiction with the predictions offered by this simple picture .
they started a national campaign with the slogan " do n't vote for r.e. mote " ( with mr r.e. mote depicted as an insensitive bureaucrat ) , distributing material to all their members .
a glacier is comparatively insensitive to climate during this calving retreat .
this ensures a greater degree of protection against any possibly insensitive developments that might be proposed at any future date .
capabilities of the plant include : production and development of insensitive munitions explosives ; synthesis and manufacture of high explosives ; recrystallization and purification from organic solvents ; melt - cast , cast - cured , pressed and extruded explosives formulation ; explosives performance testing ; full - spectrum explosives research and development capability ; and custom and fine chemical manufacture for the defense industry .
in response , several critics argued that mcdonald was insensitive to issues of abuse .
the loss of these proteins results in a breakdown of cell signalling , which , in turn , renders the cell insensitive to outside stimuli - therefore no immune response is triggered .
and norman jewison has directed so that it stays within bounds of good taste , is never cruel or insensitive , and makes something good of every gag . "
" meditation " was longet 's first single release for a&m. other jobim compositions that she has recorded include " a felicidade , " " how insensitive " ( " insensatez " ) , and " dindi . "
when severely upset however , she undergoes a bipolar shift into a state of arrogant derogatory insults , unreasonable paranoia and self - righteous violence , on average treating ranma worse than his arrogant and extremely insensitive behavior justifies , but she can just as swiftly switch back to being very kind again and make a shamefaced apology whenever she realizes a mistake .
the government agencies responsible for administering transmigration were often accused of being insensitive to local customary or " adat " land rights .
some third - wave feminists prefer not to call themselves feminists , as the word " feminist " can be misinterpreted as insensitive to the fluid notion of gender and the potential oppressions inherent in all gender roles , or perhaps misconstrued as exclusive or elitist by critics .
unlike his predecessor , dr. fonseca was not always willing to listen to the medical complaints of his patients outside office hours , and was accused of being tactless and insensitive at times .
however , these qualities can make entjs appear arrogant , insensitive , and confrontational .
romano was a brash , insensitive man who often made racist or bigoted comments .
time and again in the novel , however , it is hinted at that the real perpetrators can be found inside rather than outside the projected wall : well - to - do people insensitive to the plight of the have - nots ; wasp racists afraid of being overrun by latinos and of the end of white supremacy ; business people employing illegal immigrants to maximise their own profit without caring for the welfare of those who work for them ; and criminals posing as honourable members of society .
on the april 4 , 2007 broadcast of " imus in the morning " , don imus made a sexually and racially insensitive comment in reference to the rutgers university women 's basketball team .
i do n't often get cast as insensitive people so it feels very comfortable : fresh and exciting , as if you never have to worry about the audience .
it was stupid and cruel and insensitive .
finkielkraut 's remarks that the french soccer team was " black , black , black " ( as opposed to the expression " black , blanc , beur "— meaning " black , white , arab "— coined after the 1998 world cup victory to honor the african and afro caribbean , european and north african origins of the players ) were seen as " racially insensitive " .
ryr 2 seems to be insensitive to iptxa .
at times he could verge on the pedestrian , as at the new schools at eton and cranleigh , and his restorations can seem wilfully insensitive .
hmx , also called octogen , is a powerful and relatively insensitive nitroamine high explosive , chemically related to rdx .
this includes aggressive and " insensitive " proselytizing and " the mixing of religion and politics . "
the game is featured in gamespy 's retrospective overview of the nintendo famicom ; benjamin turner and christian nutt 's square column concludes that " one of the most amusing square games that did n't come [ to the u.s. ] was " square 's tom sawyer " , an rpg starring the happy - go - lucky boy wonder that featured a ... racially insensitive ... character . "
the second group are criteria insensitive for minimal difference between rf values ( if two compounds are not separated , such crf functions will not indicate it ) .
for instance , an acs might allow the sort order to sort in both case - sensitive and case - insensitive order .
cordelia and doyle try to convince her to stay , but she pulls a gun from her purse and waves it wildly , sincerely apologizing for coming off as insensitive , but promising to " blow them the crap away " if they try to stop her .
after 2 to 4 hours the patient would become insensitive to pain and then lapse into unconsciousness .
most of the first - generation hd radio tuners have been noted as being very insensitive , making reception problematic .
the episodes are said to specifically attack reggie hudlin , bet 's president of entertainment , and debra l. lee , president and chief executive officer of bet holdings ( parent company of bet . ) lee is portrayed as deborah leevil , a parody of the character dr. evil from the austin powers movies , and hudlin is portrayed as wedgie rudlin , a " culturally insensitive buffoon coasting on his ivy league education . "
she may seem very cold - headed and insensitive to a certain point but in task 31 , after eiji was badly injured by gai , sakura 's emotional self showed after being enraged by the cruelty and treachery of gai .
