with the start of the spanish civil war , martín - artajo went over to the insurgent nationalists .
in 1943 hrytsai was arrested by the german gestapo , but was freed by a ukrainian insurgent army ( " upa " ) attack on the prison .
patrick fletcher assumed command of " insurgent " 29 april 1800 and was ordered to cruise between the west indies and the american coast to see that united states shipping rights were observed and to capture any enemy vessels he encountered .
on 13 july , the insurgent leaders were invited to meet the european consuls .
black , brown and white areas were mapped out as insurgent - controlled , contested and government - controlled areas respectively .
no blood was shed in the episode , but alfonsín was accused of caving to insurgent demands , and came to be perceived as a weak president .
the charter left to the president 's discretion detailed implementation of matters such as indemnities to victims of terrorism and their families , compensation for material damages , the future of rural militias raised by the military , the possible reintegration of those dismissed from work on political grounds , and the extent to which insurgent leaders who escaped abroad will be pardoned .
task force odin , whose name is an acronym for observe , detect , identify , and neutralize , is a united states army aviation battalion created in august 2006 to conduct reconnaissance , surveillance , targeting and acquisition ( rsta ) operations to combat insurgent operators of improvised explosive devices in iraq .
in some western regions of ukraine , the ukrainian insurgent army survived underground and continued the resistance against the soviet authorities well into the 1950s , though many ukrainian civilians were murdered in this conflict by both sides .
this creates a kind of self - control inside the family over the insurgent youths .
the local insurgent forces soon realized the compromised situation of the spanish vessel and began harassing the crew of the " general concha " with spare rifle shots from the nearby cliffs .
controversy has occasionally surrounded the " commentator " and the " insurgent " .
tripuras two main insurgent groups , the national liberation front of tripura ( nlft ) and the all - tripura tiger force ( attf ) , have not had a history of carrying out bomb attacks on civilians .
furthermore , the chetniks , who had previously fought in the king 's name , were left without a legitimate covering for their existence , since king peter recognized tito 's insurgent army as the only legal force fighting the nazi occupation in yugoslavia and dismissed draža mihailović because of collaboration with the axis .
if an insurgent was seen the claymore would be detonated .
the united jihad factions council is a confederation of iraqi sunni insurgent groups , including the islamic army and hamas of iraq , that now cooperate with the u.s. army and the iraqi army .
some groups may have the insurgent consciousness and resources to mobilize , but because political opportunities are closed , they will not have any success .
it seems symbolic today that the future writer was born on november 9 , 1872 , in the picturesque village of zhukiv , in the same house where the famous polish insurgent bogdan jarocki , hero of the national liberation struggle , once lived .
despite being on the road for the majority of the year ( poor business decisions had left the band wallowing in debt , forcing mcguinn to continue to use the byrds moniker and interminable stretches of road work ) , white continued to play sessions during his byrds tenure , alternating with ry cooder as guitarist on randy newman 's " 12 songs " and collaborating with the insurgent singer - songwriter jackson browne on his albums .
churchill also commented on chamberlain 's status in british politics at the time of the election campaign , writing that ' mr. chamberlain was incomparably the most live , sparkling , insurgent , compulsive figure in british affairs …
allegedly due to the instability arising from the split in the afpfl and to the escalating insurgent problems u nu on september 26 , 1958 ' voluntarily ' invited the army chief of staff general ne win to take over as prime minister in a ' caretaker ' capacity for an initial period of six months .
there he joined the insurgent army headed by agustín de iturbide , in which valero was named chief of staff .
having also lost their bases in al anbar and in baghdad itself , remaining insurgent forces were forced to retreat towards northern iraq and establish their main bases in mosul , their last supply route through which they moved weapons , personnel and money from abroad into the country .
the insurgent dungans massacred most of manchu kulja 's inhabitants ; governor general mingsioi ( ming xü ) ( 明绪 ) assembled his family and staff in his mansion , and blew it up , dying under its ruins .
in the story , the fictional book " the lawrence doctrine and postindustrial insurgency " , named for lawrence of arabia , is banned because it deals directly with methods and tactics of an insurgent rebellion .
according to bacos , the marines set out that night to capture an insurgent who had been captured and released several times .
the killing of the polish general karol świerczewski in jabłonki by the ukrainian insurgent army in 1947 was the direct cause of the replacement of the boyk , the so - called operation wisła .
the colonists , in their paramilitary response to insurgent resistance from khoi and san people , readily conscripted the basters into commandos .
the insurgent burmese communist party ( bcp ) was centred in the monywa area ( west of the chindwin river ) for many years .
members of the republican insurgent movement were left out of this government .
" see also : insurgent groups in northeast india "
a nearby home , outside of las vegas and belonging to a new mexican insurgent , was also burned when the americans left for camp .
in 1987 western analysts believed that the latter goal had been achieved and had even been exceeded in some provinces on the thai border , where the insurgent threat was greatest .
ross , falah flayla as a former iraqi army officer turned insurgent , and thomas hennessy as a navy corpsman assigned to kilo company .
not all democrats agreed ; an insurgent element continued to resist reconstruction no matter what .
in a fire fight in a house in fallujah , although wounded by seven 7.62 mm ak-47 rounds and hit by more than 40 pieces of hot fragmentation from a grenade while using his body to shield an injured fellow marine , kasal refused to quit fighting and is credited with saving the lives of several marines during the u.s. assault on insurgent strongholds in fallujah in november 2004 .
however , when the insurgent cities of the teutonic monastic state of prussia rebelled against the order , it resisted with greater strength than expected , and the thirteen years ' war ( 1454 - 1466 ) ensued .
earlier in october , aguinaldo had issued a manifesto in the name of the magdalo ruling council which proclaimed an insurgent government .
an insurgent may independently prepare proxy cards and proxy statements , which are sent to the shareholders .
he was considered an " insurgent " within the republican party ; his criticisms of the harding and coolidge administrations and of business interests alienated others within the republican caucus , leading to his ouster from the senate over an election challenge .
members of insurgent groups came from a variety of sources .
appointed a general inspector of schools by the insurgent authorities , he worked upon the reorganisation of education .
the words ' insurgent ' and ' militant ' which were originally used in the ap story were swapped for ' terrorist ' .
in return , the ethiopians fired wounding several people in the area before clashing with the insurgent groups who were using hand grenades and heavy automatic machine guns .
kosciuszko 's ragtag insurgent armies won some initial successes , but they eventually fell before the superior forces of the russian empire .
after the outbreak of the war of independence in 1810 , miguel hidalgo y costilla offered iturbide the rank of general in the insurgent forces .
al - libi was born 1963 , but scheuer believes there is little " information available about al - libi beyond his record as an insurgent " ,
the intelligence community judges that the term " civil war " does not adequately capture the complexity of the conflict in iraq , which includes extensive shia - on - shia violence , al qaeda and sunni insurgent attacks on coalition forces , and widespread criminally motivated violence .
claude charnier ( electronic flow control ) & christian pomerleau ( human frequencies ) have been active in montreal ’s local alternative music scene for some years now , particularly within the techno industrial outfit insurgent , playing a hard and intense mix of electronic and acoustic music .
notable was avakian 's organizing work at a chevron plant in the bay area as an organizing model to link the insurgent student movements with working people in struggle .
although the soviet partisan leadership was officially hostile to the independent nationalist ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) , local partisan commanders sometimes established neutral relations with its groups .
flying from the indian airfields of srinagar , avantipur and adampur , ground attack aircraft mig-21s , mig-23s , mig-27s , jaguars and the mirage 2000 struck insurgent positions .
in australia his brother peter lalor ( 1823 - 1889 ) , leader of the insurgent miners at eureka in 1854 , later became minister and speaker in the legislative council of victoria .
although the book is aimed at children , it deals with john mccain 's capture and imprisonment as a prisoner of war for five and a half years during the vietnam war , and even depicts risqué scenes of john mccain being poked with hot iron prods as well as a man being stabbed repeatedly with a small knife by a vietcong insurgent .
the fighting left one insurgent dead and four people injured .
however , a few years after the initiative was introduced it became highly criticised because of its counter - insurgent character ( it offered resources in exchange for the abandonment of the zapatista cause ) and because of its failure in promoting development . "
jammer ( a former insurgent - turned - cylon - collaborator who was also featured in " the resistance " and made cameo appearances in earlier seasons ) is among those who secretly join the ncp , initially hoping to do some good .
the rise of non - ukrainians in the ukrainian insurgent army gave stimulus to the special conference for captive nations of europe and asia which took place november 21 - 22 1943 in buderazh , not far from rivne .
the first insurgent group was formed by hidalgo , the spanish viceregal army captain ignacio allende , the militia captain juan aldama and " la corregidora " josefa ortiz de domínguez .
while the fortress had to surrender to troops from the swabian league in 1519 , it withstood the insurgent peasants ' attempt to take it during the peasants ' war of 1524/25 .
however , over the years , the army has also taken up the responsibility of providing internal security , especially in insurgent - hit kashmir and north - east .
till noon the insurgent fought with bows and muskets .
in the second book , " the golem 's eye " , after assuming a post in the government , he works towards stopping insurgent attacks in london and also attempting to destroy a golem and unmask the identity of its master .
gifford was fired , which inflamed the insurgent wing of the republican party allied to roosevelt .
white men led by officials of the territory formed militia companies to hunt down and kill the insurgent slaves .
during the assault , us forces used white phosphorus as an incendiary weapon against insurgent personnel , attracting controversy .
radu studied terrorist and insurgent groups worldwide from the mid-1980s until his death in 2009 .
in january 2006 , the battalion was in the national news for leading operation green trident , which discovered over ten metric tons of insurgent munitions , hidden in caches throughout a large area south of fallujah in the euphrates river valley .
as dawn broke , insurgent rocket and mortar fire started raining down on u.s. troops .
insurgent groups have often employed assassination as a tool to further their causes .
however , on august 21 , after a failed insurgent attack on pawiak , all but seven of its remaining inmates of pawiak were executed and the prison w blown up by the germans .
the rejectionists are an insurgent group operating within iraq .
domestic or transnational insurgent groups , such as those that took part in the sierra leone civil war and the yugoslav wars , were key players in their respective conflicts despite being non - state parties ; they would not have come within the scope of the definition .
in the western al anbar province operations attacked insurgent supply lines and weapons caches , targeting the regions of fallujah , karma and thar thar .
the raid of the karbala provincial headquarters was an infiltration attack carried out on 20 january 2007 by insurgent commandos , with possible iranian involvement , on a meeting of u.s. and iraqi officials at the governor 's compound in karbala to discuss security for the shia ceremony of ashoura .
many of the fighters who had originally looked to the nazis as liberators , quickly became disillusioned and formed the ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) ( ) , which waged military campaign against germans and later soviet forces .
in the years since 2005 , the mounting insurgency has resulted in more direct civilian deaths being caused each year by insurgent actions than by coalition military action .
in the invasion of iraq in 2003 corporal ian plank was killed when his patrol was engaged by iraqi insurgent during a house to house search for a wanted high ranking militia leader .
operation peregrine ii was counter - insurgency operation targeting an insurgent stronghold in a village just outside mahmudiyah .
conflicting intelligence reports had indicated the approach of a small insurgent force towards lucknow .
in 2008 , the security service of ukraine ( sbu ) has published information about the actions of special groups from the nkvd posing as fighters of the ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) and the organization of ukrainian nationalists ( oun ) in the western regions of the ukrainian soviet socialist republic during the 1944 - 1954 period .
that reverse amphibious operation saved the unit the heavy casualties it would have sustained fighting its way south along routes held by strong insurgent forces .
the massacre believed to be an act of retaliation for an earlier alleged murder by ukrainian insurgent army of 9 ( or 11 ) poles in pawłokoma and unspecified number of poles killed by upa in neighbouring villages .
as they approached the vehicles , an insurgent leaped out and attacked corporal dunham .
according to the u.s. military ( none of whose allegations have been upheld in any court ) , hussein was arrested in april 2006 , when bomb parts and insurgent propaganda were allegedly found in his house in ramadi after the u.s. military asked to use it as an observation post during an operation .
gradually , u.s. and iraqi forces pushed the main insurgent force into the southwest of the city , carefully conducting house - to - house searches and securing areas of the city block by block .
the city remained under the control of insurgent and rebel forces .
july 18 , ethiopian forces vacated their bases in yed village in insurgent - controlled bakool region .
he was an insurgent in the mexican war of independence .
the iraqi troops who were left in charge of fallujah after the truce began to disperse and the city fell back under insurgent control .
however , al qaim itself still remained in insurgent hands .
" uhvr " united organization of ukrainian nationalists ( " oun " ) and ukrainian insurgent army ( " upa " ) .
the death toll among insurgent militants fell to 481 in march , compared to 586 killed in february ; however , the number of arrests jumped to 5,664 in march against 1,921 in february .
serhiychuk researches problems in ukrainian history , in particular the ukrainian cossacks , resettlement of ukrainians throughout the world , the fate of national minorities in ukraine , the activities of the ukrainian insurgent army and the organization of ukrainian nationalists , and the contributions of ukrainians to world science and culture .
guerrilla attacks lessened in intensity while insurgent forces reorganized , studying the multinational forces ' tactics and planning a renewed offensive .
following the failure to create tabun , the insurgent group focused on attempting to create nitrogen mustard in february 2004 .
the vast majority of soviet air drops of weapons over insurgent - held territory in eastern and northern slovakia were quickly confiscated by soviet partisans and little ended up in the hands of the much stronger and better trained slovak insurrectional army .
on april 3 , 2009 , elements of 3/8 , with artillery support from 2nd battalion 14th marines , conducted a major combat operation against insurgent forces .
he left his militar service briefly before the insurgent movement of the mexican war of independence .
by the second of june , isaf and afghan forces had isolated several pockets of insurgent fighters in the north and south of the upper sangin valley .
this original plan called for a budget of us$ 7.5 billion , with 51% dedicated to institutional and social development , 32% for fighting the drug trade , 16% for economic and social revitalization , and 0.8% to support the then on - going effort to negotiate a political solution to the state 's conflict with insurgent guerrilla groups .
andré kisase ngandu , an elder insurgent with revolutionary credentials , was the president of the afdl 's military wing , the national resistance council ( cnrd ) .
the insurgent hold on the city proved to be tenuous , and the rebel forces were quickly beaten back by u.s. armor and air power .
of the 100,000 poles killed in the ukraine , 80,000 perished during the massacres of poles in volhynia by the ukrainian insurgent army .
hizbul islam ( " islamic party " ) , also known as hizbul islaami , hisbi islam , or hezb - ul islam is a somali islamists insurgent group .
the chinese arm is beset by an insurgent terrorist faction .
exhibition dedicated to the ukrainian insurgent army .
hidalgo ’s leadership would also give the insurgent movement a supernatural aspect .
some burundian rebel groups have used neighboring countries as bases for insurgent activities .
in october 2003 , the intensity and pace of insurgent attacks began to increase .
as of 2006 , at least 232 of the country ’s 608 districts were afflicted , at differing intensities , by various insurgent and terrorist movements .
the americans reported that they met little resistance , though three of the ten police stations were burned down by withdrawing insurgent forces .
while the seals vigilantly watched for enemy activity , an insurgent threw a hand grenade from an unseen location , which bounced off petty officer monsoor 's chest and landed in front of him .
the ukrainian insurgent army ( , " ukrayins’ka povstans’ka armiya , " or " upa " ) was a ukrainian nationalist partisan army that engaged in a series of guerrilla conflicts during world war ii against nazi germany , the soviet union , and poland .
the battle of turki was a battle fought over 40 hours near the town of baquba , iraq , on the outskirts of the village of turki in diyala province between american paratroopers of the 82nd airborne division and well trained insurgent forces in november 2006 .
within a week of the tfg and ethiopian army ’s arrival in mogadishu , the first insurgent attacks began .
following the strong success of operation lion 's roar , remnants of insurgent forces tried to conduct a string of bombings to counter - act the military operations .
in addition to being awarded the medal of honor for his actions on hill 488 , for wounds received in action against insurgent communist forces in vietnam on june 16 , 1966 , howard received a gold star in lieu of a third purple heart .
the battalion conducted support and stability operations ( saso ) within the city and served with distinction while engaging insurgent forces in iraq .
guerrilla attacks lessened in intensity while insurgent forces reorganized , studying the multinational forces ' tactics and planning a renewed offensive .
as the battle ensued , royalist artillery struck an insurgent ammunitions wagon , which caused it to explode .
kaverin heads off to chechnya , and meets the insurgent militants .
however , duarte had already been exiled to caracas the previous year for his insurgent conduct .
lwin had brought in more soldiers from insurgent areas to deal with the protesters .
insurgent fighters killed two police officers in a sneak attack , witnesses said .
for more than three years , the battalion runs a highly - successful and brutal guerilla war against the insurgent viet minh across northern indochina , laos and southern china .
a stylish variant of country music ( predominantly produced in nashville ) has been a consistent , widespread fixture of american pop since the 1950s , while insurgent forms ( i.e. bluegrass ) have traditionally appealed to more discerning sub - cultural and rural audiences .
during the assault , u.s. forces used white phosphorus as an incendiary weapon against insurgent personnel , attracting controversy .
the colombian insurgent group farc has , in recent years , also considered itself to be inspired by bolívar 's ideals and by his role in the 19th century independence struggle against spain .
on the same day , they were said to have been abducted again from a baghdad hospital by another group of gunmen who beat them up and then turned them over to the u.s. military , who held them in harsh conditions for six days on suspicion they were filming insurgent attacks for al qaida .
during the battle of mānoa he was separated from the retreating insurgent force and fled into the koolau mountains .
operation phantom thunder ended on august 14 with large swathes of insurgent held territory south , west and east of baghdad coming under coalition control .
in november 1885 a so - called ' annam column ' under the command of lieutenant - colonel mignot set off from ninh binh in southern tonkin and marched down the narrow spine of vietnam as far as hue , scattering any insurgent bands that attempted to dispute its progress .
due to the lack of success of the attack an order was issued to evacuate the insurgent members and civilians authorities through the sewers into śródmieście .
the jfecc efficiently performed diverse tasks not associated with the traditional mission set of the field artillery from tracking reconstruction projects and instituting economic reforms to assessing iraqi governmental control at the provincial level to managing air support requests and coordinating the distribution of close air support assets within theater to initiating and maintaining sensitive dialog with religious and community leaders to conducting information operations to coordinating kinetic operations against key insurgent leaders .
colonial security forces were reinforced by regular troops from the metropolitan power and the insurgent groups were hampered by a lack of military equipment and training , as well as the absence of a friendly adjoining country offering sanctuary .
further insurgent reinforcements arrived at the city on november 12 in technicals and other vehicles .
most of these inmates were people suspected of sympathy towards the " bandits " of the ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) and those otherwise selected from the operation wisła transports ( including more than 100 lemko intelligentsia and 25 mostly greek catholic priests ) .
in the sunni dominated neighborhoods within the azamiyah area in northern baghdad , which are known for insurgent activity " iraqi troops in combat gear patrolled the streets in armored cars .
an expedition under captain porter , sent out to scout in the vicinity of balangiga , killed one insurgent and captured seven , and found many relics of the massacred men of the ninth infantry .
along with polearm weapons made from farming equipment , the crossbow was also a weapon of choice for insurgent peasants such as the taborites .
all parties hurriyat conference , an organization that uses moderate means to press for the rights of the kashmiris , is often considered as the " mediator " between new delhi and insurgent groups .
in these cases , such as the israeli occupation of lebanon , which ended in 2000 , and the current iraqi insurgency , the goal of the insurgent is not to defeat the occupying military force ; that is almost always an impossible task given the disparity in resources .
the four insurgent " kings " arrived as truce envoys to negotiate with the livonian order .
during the post - invasion of iraq , operation plymouth rock was a major anti - insurgent sweep of an area south of baghdad launched on 23 november 2004 .
insurgent slaves down the river road toward new orleans .
zarqawi was reported killed in action in march 2004 in " a statement signed by a dozen alleged insurgent groups " .
al - saif seems to have been the trustee of arab financiers , receiving money from them through some institution in dagestan ( likely the makhachkala office of benevolence international foundation , a ksa - based islamic charity , now banned ) and distributing it to the islamic insurgent forces across southern russia .
the " swordsmen " delivered multiple precision guided munitions on insurgent hideouts using the lantirn pod in the urban close air support environment .
as grandson of the mastermind and leader of a key insurgent group , the independent kashmir front ( ikf ) , he is its most trusted operative .
emperor frederick iii , and king matthias of hungary , george 's former ally , joined the insurgent bohemian nobles .
arbi barayev , a chechen insurgent commander and organized crime leader , was killed during the operation in the village of alkhan - kala near grozny .
the researchers ' study suggested it may be possible that insurgent attacks spiked by 5 to 10% after increases in the number of negative reports of the war in the media .
yembit , however , claimed that he called for french intervention while the insurgent troops held m'ba hostage ; this version of the story was quickly disputed by several diplomats on the scene , as several french troops had arrived before this alleged incident .
ukrainian people 's revolutionary army ( also polissian sich or the ukrainian insurgent army ) was a paramilitary formation of ukrainian nationalists , nominally proclaimed in olevsk region in december 1941 by taras bulba - borovets by renaming an existing military unit known from july 1941 as the upa - polissian sich ( poliska sich ) .
the earl of winton disapproved so strongly of this plan that he left the army with a considerable part of his troop , and was marching northward when he was overtaken by a messenger from the insurgent council , who entreated him to return .
on august 12 , 2009 , u.s. marines mounted a helicopter assault on the taliban - held town of dahaneh , it had been under insurgent control for years .
in contrast to previous years , the ramadan period of 2007 came and went in haditha with no insurgent attacks .
although all imagery related to bush 's " assassination " was created using digital special effects ; an apparent actual death , captured on tape , is included in the film during a piece of war footage in which an iraqi insurgent prepares to launch a rocket , but is shot in the head first .
eritrea continues to play host to a small breakaway faction of the ars led by sheikh hassan dahir aweys and has reportedly continued to provide weapons and funds to abusive insurgent groups .
during his first tour he was stationed in the vicinity of the insurgent stronghold of fallujah , and was awarded the navy commendation medal with valor device for his actions during operation phantom fury in november 2004 .
the order provides a means by which to disrupt support for terrorists and insurgent groups in iraq or groups or individuals " determined to have committed , or to pose a significant risk of committing , an act or acts of violence that have the purpose or effect of threatening the peace or stability of iraq or the government of iraq or undermining efforts to promote economic reconstruction and political reform in iraq or to provide humanitarian assistance to the iraqi people . "
this model develops a symmetrical view of the required actions for both the insurgent and coin forces to achieve success .
the situation is further complicated because insurgent groups are not united in the same cause .
it is the home country of anti - shia insurgent raed mansour al - banna , who died perpetrating one of iraq 's worst suicide bombings in the city of al hillah .
anyone missing or not on the list during an inspection by japanese troops was assumed to be an insurgent .
konstantinos or " kottas " christou ( , bulgarian / macedonian : константин христов саровски , konstantin hristov sarovski , also known as capetan kottas ) was an insurgent leader associated first with the pro - bulgarian internal macedonian revolutionary organization ( imro ) and later with pro - greek irregular fighters during the greek struggle for macedonia .
farc - ep remains the largest and oldest insurgent group in the americas .
subunit of the ukrainian insurgent army attacked the police station .
the incident resulted the offenders being prosecuted and a number of reprisal attacks against u.s. troops by insurgent forces .
the fighting in swat is the first serious insurgent threat from pro - taliban forces in what is known as a settled area of pakistan .
in the mid 1800s , the name of the town was changed from zapotlán el grande to ciudad guzman , after the mexican federalist insurgent gordiano de guzmán .
since january 2007 , residents of mogadishu have been gripped by a campaign of violence that killed and injured hundreds of civilians , provoked the largest and most rapid displacement of a civilian population for many years : following the establishment of ethiopian and tfg troops in mogadishu in january 2007 , residents of mogadishu witnessed a steady spiral of attacks by insurgent forces aimed at ethiopian and tfg military forces and tfg officials .
the latter group came to control the nationalist movement in western ukraine including the oun 's military wing , the ukrainian insurgent army ( upa ) , which was the major ukrainian armed resistance movement .
during his testimony at camp pendleton in california , shumate said that the squad had been looking for iraqis planting bombs when the men agreed a plan to kill a known insurgent .
from approximately 2006 until march 2009 the area was considered insurgent controlled .
at the time , makhno was the leader of the insurgent army of ukraine .
a cycle of violence thus ensued whereby sunni insurgent or nationalist attacks followed with government and american backed reprisals - often in the form of shi'ite death squads that sought out and killed sunnis .
one insurgent was killed , but his fellows took control of the city of kehl .
the city , however , suffered severe calamities during the servile war in sicily ( 134 - 132 bc ) , having fallen into the hands of the insurgent slaves , who , on account of the great strength of its position , made it one of their chief posts , and were able for a long time to defy the arms of the consul publius rupilius .
a police officer received financial reward after shooting dead an insurgent that was about to toss a grenade .
more recently however the mining contracts went to the well known burmese tycoon tay za 's htoo group and also to myanmar dagaung co ltd , a subsidiary of the hong pang group headed by wei hsueh - kang , a former drug trafficker and leader of the wa insurgent group uwsa turned entrepreneur after the cease - fire deal .
he was chief of the action " n " ( anti - german subversive propaganda ) , while since 1943 he headed the action " antyk " ( anti - soviet propaganda ) as well as of " rój " - preparation of insurgent propaganda .
in support , the ottoman archives are open ( although to only a select number of historians ) and turkish historians published five volumes of ottoman security dispatches between 1914 - 1918 related to ottoman armenian insurgent activities , as " arşiv belgeleriyle ermeni faaliyetleri 1914 - 1918 " vol i vol ii vol iii vol iv vol v.
on march 23 , an insurgent suicide bomber , in a truck with a bullet - proof windshield , attacked combat outpost inman , an iraqi army military base in western mosul .
as the most recent human rights watch report on iraq states , violence against women and girls in iraq continues to be a serious problem .. the report states that ‘ insurgent groups and militias , soldiers , and police among the perpetrators’ , and that ‘ " honor " killing by family members also remains a prevalent physical threat to iraqi women and girls .
usaf aircraft are used to provide support to coalition and iraqi forces in major operations to eliminate insurgent centers of activity and supply in north and west iraq .
in response to insurgent attacks , coalition forces focused on hunting down the remaining leaders of the former regime , culminating in the shooting deaths of saddam 's two sons in july .
in the midst of the 1971 jvp insurrection , kataragama was a center of insurgent activity .
after the unsuccessful 1924 august uprising against the soviet union , in which cholokashvili commanded the largest single unit of the insurgent fores , he fled to france , where he died of tuberculosis .
among the training materials , there included an insurgent sniper training manual that was posted on the internet .
in the following clash with security forces on 9 october 1967 he and two other members of insurgent forces were killed , five captured , others fleeing ( added by vladimir nosov ) .
according to " the washington post , " an unnamed defense department source described devlin as saying " there are no functioning iraqi government institutions in anbar , leaving a vacuum that has been filled by the insurgent group al - qaeda in iraq , which has become the province 's most significant political force . "
despite this , chávez saw little actual combat ; this was due to a low density of insurgent activity in the cumaná region .
thousands of students , intellectuals and other leftists fled bangkok and joined the communist party 's insurgent forces in the north and north - east , operating from safe bases in laos .
a polish independence activist and insurgent , he took part in the independence struggles of poles and hungarians against the austrian - russian alliance .
on november 20 , 2008 , us military forces in iraq said that they had killed the al - qaeda insurgent leader responsible for maupin 's kidnapping and death .
the siege of sadr city was a blockade of the shi'a district of northeastern baghdad carried out by u.s. and iraqi government forces in an attempt to destroy the main power base of the insurgent mahdi army in baghdad .
soon after myanmar 's independence from britain in 1948 , meiktila briefly fell under the insurgent karen forces .
in april 2008 , increased insurgent activity in basrah , iraq resulted in the seahawks flying additional combat missions to provide time sensitive command and control to coalition forces securing the city and ultimately defeating the uprising .
this new institution would oversee the channelling of development funds to provide alternative livelihoods to lure insurgent fighters away from the taliban .
regardless of this , pol pot 's khmer rouge remained the best - trained and most capable of the three insurgent groups who , despite sharply divergent ideologies , had formed the coalition government of democratic kampuchea ( cgdk ) alliance three years earlier .
in fact , al - mashhadan had spent several months in us custody on suspicion of insurgent activity .
these agents were instructed to wait until the american military was fully entrenched in the occupation of iraq before starting insurgent activities .
in what became known as the pact of apaneca , the parties agreed on certain broad principles in the areas of democratization , the protection of human rights , the promotion of economic development , the preservation of economic and social reforms , and the protection of the country 's security in the face of the violent conflict with leftist insurgent forces .
manipur , as most civilians believe , is being ruled by three governments : the state government , the insurgent government and the army of the state , and the common people are sandwiched in between .
as a democratic government free from domestic insurgent problems , honduras could easily comply with the terms of the esquipulas accord .
due to these activities , the general command is regarded as the most hard - line of the old insurgent groups , and currently resists the oslo accords from its bases in syria and lebanon .
on one occasion the team destroyed an eight man insurgent team which was attempting to ambush the battalion quick reaction team from battery c , 1 - 206th fa , just north of camp taji near a former missile factory known as the nasser factory .
in the early 1970s , dagan commanded a temporarily - formed undercover commando unit , known as sayeret rimon , whose task was to combat the increasing insurgent violence in the palestinian territories ..
al - hadba called for the removal of kurdish peshmerga forces from ninawa , saying many of the province 's insurgent groups would become law - abiding after that .
one can not develop a logical argument using emotional words : e.g. " progressive , reckless , crank , sound , good , correct , terrorist , freedom fighter , insurgent , sexist , imperialist , improved , superior , deviationist , fascist . "
the insurgent stronghold fell some hours after a great explosion had occurred in the four courts which shook the whole city , seriously damaging the building and destroying valuable legal records .
following the twin sunni and shiite uprisings of the spring and summer of 2004 , and the subsequent decrease in u.s patrols and the creation of " no - go " areas in the sunni triangle , ansar al - sunna was believed to be part of a loose coalition of insurgent groups ( also including guerrillas from mohammad 's army and al - tawhid wal - jihad ) controlling the sunni cities of fallujah , ramadi , samarra , and baquba ( u.s. offensives later largely wrested control from baquba , fallujah , and samarra , although underground guerrilla resistance forces still have a strong presence in those cities ) .
in november 2006 , another part of the same u.s. military report was filed , confirming the earlier warning that anbar was falling under insurgent control .
a philippine constabulary was organized in 1901 to deal with the remnants of the insurgent movement and gradually assume the responsibilities of the united states army .
perhaps because of the prominence of assault guards ' interventions on behalf of the left - leaning republicans in the first days and weeks of the conflict , in concert with the perception among many on the left that the guardia civil historically tended to support — often violently — the interests of the bourgeois state and its status quo , there seems to be a widespread , but mistaken , view that guardia civil units overwhelmingly supported the right - wing insurgent nationalists , while most of the assault guards stayed loyal to the second republic .
the french completed their penetration of eastern tonkin in january 1887 by driving insurgent bands from the pak lung peninsula , a border region disputed between vietnam and china .
insurgent forces fled northwards after losing the battle with royalist troops following them .
the insurgent group known as jaish ansar al - sunna claimed responsibility for the attack .
in cuba , machado engaged in a long struggle with diverse insurgent groups which varied from the green shirts of the abc to blas hernández , to the conservative veterans of the cuban war of independence to the radical antonio guiteras group , and clung on for several years .
the end of udi and the bush war were associated with an abrupt transfer of power to the insurgent backed , black political parties in 1980 .
the film however also depicts cuban dictator at the time , fulgencio batista 's " bureau for the repression of communist activities " ( brac ) unit , executing a prisoner at la cabana and shooting a wounded insurgent who had attempted to storm the presidential palace during the growing popular rebellion .
the irish ulster army was raised by the irish confederate catholics in 1642 to organise the insurgent forces who were operating there since the rebellion of the previous year .
on july 11 , 1943 , at the height of the massacres of poles in volhynia , the village was attacked by units of the ukrainian insurgent army .
improvised , or " homemade " , mortars have been used by insurgent groups , usually to attack fortified military installations .
on august 19 , operation arrowhead ripper ended and baqubah was largely secured by coalition forces but still some insurgent presence remained in the city and surrounding areas but not in such large numbers as it was before the attack on the city .
sheikh omar iman abubakar , ( ) , also known as abu bakar , was the chairman of the somali islamist insurgent group hisbi islam , which was formed in 2009 to fight sharif ahmed 's government .
on november 9 , ethiopian soldiers were firing cannon shells into an area of the south of the city where insurgent militia men were thought to be based .
nevertheless , he remained at the vanguard of dance music ; recordings of levan 's later sets at the garage demonstrate his affinity for the insurgent sounds of chicago house and hip - hop .
as nachtwey , along with " time " correspondent michael weisskopf rode in the back of a humvee with the united states army " tomb raiders " survey platoon , an insurgent threw a grenade into the vehicle .
during the interim between the capture of the citadel and end of the " battle of hue " , the communist insurgent occupying forces massacred several thousand unarmed hue civilians ( estimates vary up to a high of 6,000 ) .
the insurgent forces of the coalition were capable only of conducting guerilla raids and sabotage missions within cambodian territory , against the vietnamese occupation forces and the kampuchean ( or khmer ) people 's revolutionary armed forces of the phnom penh government , the people 's republic of kampuchea .
rural insurgent movements led by " piquets " and " cacos " limited the central government 's authority in outlying areas .
to show the military might of this alliance , iturbide coordinated with associated royalist and insurgent commanders in the provinces , opting for a replay of the strategy of closing in on mexico city from the periphery which morelos had unsuccessfully attempted in 1811–14 .
his report adds ; " the camp was heavily populated by people " involved in the 1994 genocide ... and ... was an active insurgent base . "
this led to the establishment of the ukrainian insurgent army , a centralised partisan movement intent upon carving out a ukrainian state between the axis and soviet armies .
the australian ’s suffered no casualties , whilst insurgent casualties were difficult to determine .
it was , unfortunately , during these operations that on 21 may 2004 , the a company commander , cpt rogelio " roger " maynulet was involved in the unlawful shooting of a mortally wounded insurgent .
jack 's mexican reports were later republished in book form as " insurgent mexico , " which appeared in 1914 .
" in an april report that pre - dates the uproar over the haditha allegations , a marine press release describes the iraqi town as ' a hotbed of insurgent activity less than a year ago . '
in the trilogy 's second installment ' , duncan undergoes the immense rigors needed to be a swordmaster ; he is promoted to the title , alongside a grumman friend named hiih resser , and helps defeat a mob of insurgent students .
izzat ibrahim ad - douri is especially associated with the sunni insurgent front jaysh muhammad .
likewise , the 400,000-piece philippine revolutionary papers ( prp ) , also known as the philippine insurgent records ( pir ) , were returned by the united states in 1957 .
many insurgent attacks have been carried out using improvised explosive devices made from military munitions , most often 122 mm artillery shells and landmines .
one insurgent was killed and a second one wounded in the gunfight with police .
insurgent forces can cause harm and create chaos , whereby the conventional army suffers a loss of confidence and esteem ; or they can drive the conventional elements into an attack which further exacerbates the civilian condition .
" the researchers found that insurgent attacks spiked by 5 to 10% after increases in the number of negative reports of the war in the media .
the battle for baghdad was over , though insurgent ( or resistance ) forces continue to operate in baghdad currently .
on november 5 , marines from 3rd battalion , 6th marines , 2nd battalion , 1st marines of the united states marine corps began their assault on insurgent - held husaybah , and had cleared the city four days later .
farc - ep remains the largest and oldest insurgent group in the americas .
the battlefield is a site called los llanos de salazar in the current municipality of ocoyoacac , where more than 90,000 insurgent troops fought .
after 2/7 returned to the hīt area from supporting operation vigilant resolve , the battalion re - established its presence in the city and insurgent activity abated .
with the capture of hussein and a drop in the number of insurgent attacks , some concluded the multinational forces were prevailing in the fight against the insurgency .
this distrust came in part from the chadian armed forces ( fat ) incapacity to deal with the rebellion that was inflaming the muslim north from when the rebel insurgent group frolinat had been formed in 1966 .
