believing that the leds intend to launch another attack on earth , but unsure how to deal with the problem , the us army chief decides to send in an rtx ( radical tactics expert ) to properly evaluate the situation .
the president 's office confirmed on 11 january 2006 that the president did intend to retire in march , following a tour of the middle east .
the apologetics index responded on their site that after reading the responses from the electronic frontier foundation , they did not intend to comply with landmark 's demands .
all these bands possessed a heavy post punk influence but baratos ( as lovingly referred to by most record buying fans ) did not intend to associate itself with any crowd in particular , and soon released the first heavy metal albums produced in brazil : sp metal , volumes one and two .
am and intend to be first and foremost a preacher of the word , because the
the circus comes to town , and they intend to place it on the addisons ' property .
in early 2006 he stated that he did not intend to stay at tottenham hotspur as he admitted it would be hard to get past number one paul robinson .
parents of children with dandy - walker syndrome may benefit from genetic counseling if they intend to have more children .
the castle is now owned by new proprietors who intend to open it to visitors and to create " chambres d'hôtes " ( bed and breakfast accommodation ) .
noah then brings up the body of the unconscious sylar , explaining they intend to use matt to mentally alter sylar 's mind to believe he is nathan , with sylar 's acquired ability of reading the history of objects enabling him to fill in the gaps of nathan 's life , and fully embody nathan 's personality and gain his memories .
the two intend to go to churl 's to home .
pallett did not intend to sell the song for this purpose , but its use was authorized due to an alleged miscommunication with his record label , tomlab .
in 2006 , the polish government announced their intention to open a polish school in dublin , offering the opportunity for students to follow the polish national curriculum , assuming they intend to return to poland to live .
the conspirators intend to assassinate the president while in seattle to inagurate the cable wire transportation skytran and they hire professional killer / seductress nina stahl and her hacker brother evan .
i 'm not prepared to make any compromises , and i certainly do n't intend to quit . "
perhaps the gods intend the world to be filled with intelligent , self - aware creatures and man 's destiny following the leavers ' story is " to be the first- without being the last " ; to learn and then to be a role - model and teacher for all those capable of becoming what he 's become .
lovecraft may intend this book by calling the book " qanoon - e - islam " in his story the case of charles dexter ward .
yoiks , in some instances , intend to mimic natural sounds .
the associate in occupational studies degree is for students who intend to enter the work force upon graduation .
their strange symbiotic relationship with humans’ longtime adversaries — a terrifying alien race known as the “ cobra”—suggests that the nninjinti may intend to enslave humanity in the same way .
its story involves the superhero team known as the justice league of america confronting the supervillain team the legion of doom , after every supervillain is motivated by a shared dream that seems to be a vision of the planet 's destruction which they intend to avoid .
they intend to have a child witness the event , leading them to try to kidnap jim 's son scott .
the boys manage to track kenny down to the park , where they intend to punish him for lying about his lice by giving him a " sock bath " .
" i wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast ; for i intend to go in harm 's way . " -- attributed to john paul jones
fortunately for poland , the mongols did n't intend to occupy the country , since shortly afterward they went through moravia to hungary , wanting to connect with the main army of batu khan .
his goal was to expand his academic opportunities , at the time he did not intend to become a tae kwon do instructor .
both the music and the lyrics intend to evoke a sense of despair , dread , and impending doom .
she claims that she did not actually intend to frame her husband : she assumed that he would soon realize it was her and would file it under unsolved cases .
there must be a real agreement with the parties having agreed all the major details of the " crime " or " crimes " ( not including other inchoate offences ) to be committed within the territorial jurisdiction of the court , and the parties must " intend " or " know " the facts which make the conduct criminal even where the full offence is strict .
later captured by the incas , tintin gives the talisman to zorrino and the incas , who intend to kill him for treachery , are forced to spare the younger boy 's life .
a valid contract is formed only if both parties intend the act of signing to be the last act in the formation of a binding contract .
international programs are open to embrace the interests of foreign scholars who intend to study , to do research , or to teach at yeungnam university as well as of students and faculty at yeungnam university who want to experience the educational system outside korea .
they have stated that they do not intend to contest elections to the british house of commons and will instead contest only local elections , and those to the welsh assembly .
speaking on condition of anonymity , a member of iloilo 's family told the " fiji times " on 29 november 2005 that he did not intend to seek another term when his present term ended on 13 march 2006 .
severn has just learned in a dream that she does not intend to evacuate the millions of people on hyperion nor the marines who defend the planet .
sariñana stressed that she did not intend to produce mediocre content for the album : " it ’s not to say that the material is mediocre , but rather that it ’s a message of irony , and i think the public gets that , but there are some people out there who like to poke fun at the title . "
he did not intend to enter but was becalmed and captured by the spanish .
in december 2008 , mag announced they intend to retain humberside airport for another three to five years .
my friends have arranged for the use of this building and i intend to be the only speaker .
julia arranges stewart ’s release , but the two of them are captured by gestapo agents who intend to murder them as part of the coup plot .
jones , while an ardent supporter of president barack obama , originally did not intend to work for the white house , later explaining " when they asked the question , i burst out laughing because at the time it seemed completely ludicrous that it would even be an option . i think what changed my mind was interacting with the administration during the transition process and during the whole process of getting the recovery package pulled together . "
she then reveals that the others intend on invading the camp and abducting the pregnant women .
in shock over what he has just done , tony goes back to his apartment — where the police ( who intend to arrest him for rinaldo 's murder ) are waiting for him .
justice thomas dissented separately , because he felt that the majority attributed a meaning to the fourteenth amendment privileges or immunities clause that its framers did not intend .
in april 2009 , the new york stock exchange announced it would delist six flags ' stock on april 20 , a decision that the company did not intend to appeal .
this inclusion of a third party in the equation to quantify loss could have been taken as a general precondition to all claim of loss cases , but lord nicholls in " gregg v. scott " [ 2005 ] ukhl 2 said , " it is clear that stuart - smith lj . did not intend this to be a precise or exhaustive statement of the circumstances where loss of a chance may constitute actionable damage and his observation has not been so understood . "
the ecb did not intend that twenty20 would replace other forms of cricket and these have continued alongside it .
after the show , an angry jimmy rudely tells a stunned faye and the rest of the band that he is " not " engaged and that he does n't intend to marry faye .
he also stated that he did not intend to call a meeting for conservatives to decide their attitude to the coalition .
acting health minister vimala tota maharaj said government does not intend to revoke their decision to deduct salaries of nurses involved in the protest which began more than two months ago .
this suggestion was accepted , and included in the act , which says that each party must produce written statements of any oral evidence they intend to present in court , and that these statements should be given to the other party before the case comes to court .
bleeding through recently stated in an mtv blog they have finished the record and released details of the album , but do not intend to hand the masters over to trustkill until numerous issues be resolved .
while moore believes that david hayter 's screenplay was " as close as i could imagine anyone getting to watchmen , " he asserted he did not intend to see the film if it were made .
in 1871 , railroads were beginning to approach the area and dallas city leaders did not intend to stand idly and be left out .
while many people do hold a full - time occupation , the term " day job " is specific to those who hold the position solely to pay their living expenses while working on the job ( their " other " , not necessarily " night " , job ) they intend to eventually move over to entirely .
in reality , tracey is drugged into a deep coma to simulate this post - mortem state , trying to doublecross the organ smugglers . cornered by tracey 's enemies , the crew of " serenity " plan their escape , but tracey misunderstands their intentions and takes kaylee hostage , thinking that they intend to hand him over to the soldiers .
though the governor general - in - council did not originally intend to issue a medal for the somalia campaign , due to the scandal that had taken place there , on 8 april 1997 , queen elizabeth ii , on the advice of her cabinet under prime minister jean chrétien , created the somalia medal to recognize members of the canadian forces who had served in the theatre of the somali civil war .
the procedure for nomination for deputy follows the same pattern as for the senatorials , except that the nomination paper must be signed by 10 voters , including proposer and seconder , validly registered in the constituency in which they intend standing ( for a senatorial election , the constituency is one all - island constituency ) .
i do not intend to make any personal allusions to any gentleman here ; and i find so much difficulty in getting along with all the questions that may be raised by the north or by the south , and by lawyers , and metaphysicians , and learned doctors , who abound here , that i shall be slow in getting along .
the consumers who originally created the data do not necessarily intend or welcome its use in research representations .
despite the 2010 postponement , we intend to move toward continuing rothbury in 2011 .
on 5 november 1997 in london , a mysterious cloaked figure wearing a guy fawkes mask and known as " v " rescues a young woman , evey hammond , from a gang of police agents ( known as " fingermen " ) who intend to rape and kill her after arresting her for prostitution .
a projected completion date was predicted on 26 october 2009 , as spurs ' chairman daniel levy stated that spurs intend to move into the partially - built new stadium for the start of the 2012 - 13 season , with the final 56,250-seat venue ready for the following campaign .
the garment that the two were sewing is enchanted and they intend to kill earl páll with it .
during the ceremony bryce watches from the beach , and realizes that sarah does n't intend to go with him .
under " enmund v. florida " , the death penalty may not be imposed on someone who did not kill , attempt to kill , or intend that a killing take place .
in september 2008 mcgirr announced the adoption of an official club logo for the proposed club and announced that the taskforce was on target " to present an extremely strong business case to both ffa and the tasmanian community and intend to be ready to put a formal proposal for an a - league licence by mid-2009 " .
michels felt the quote was taken out of context as he did not intend to equate war with football .
the elders confessed and reveal that they intend to unleash the deadly d - tank virus onto olympus , sterilizing the human race , leaving the bioroids the new rulers of earth , claiming it is the will of gaia and that humanity had lost its chance at paradise .
the mysterons intend to destroy london and use their powers to hijack a transporter carrying an atomic device through the city at night .
however , the young man does not intend to battle his father as an enemy , but rather to hide among the rural farmers until the upheaval has ended .
germany , austria and switzerland intend to use a register - based census model for the eu census scheduled for 2011 .. given the financial benefit it is expected that more countries will switch to a register census model .
cultural references to the " chicken and egg " intend to point out the futility of identifying the first case of a circular cause and consequence .
years later , ripken admitted to having written the expletive on the bat ; however , he claimed he did it to distinguish it as a batting practice bat , and did not intend to use it for the card .
the grizzly is currently listed as a threatened species , however the u.s. fish and wildlife service has announced that they intend to take it off the endangered species list for the yellowstone region but will likely keep it listed in areas where it has not yet recovered fully .
they intend to land in a camp that previous missions have already established — but they end up landing too far away .
they intend to launch the red wave , a massive attack scheduled for halloween night .
ian copland argues that the congress leaders did not intend the settlement contained in the instruments of accession to be permanent even when they were signed , and at all times privately contemplated a complete integration of the sort that ensued between 1948 and 1950 .
sailors and boaters who intend to stay out of the water prefer this type of suit .
the barclays had owned these publications for a decade , and said they intend to use the capital raised on their other interests .
currency board is monetary regime adopted by countries that intend to discipline their central banks , as well as solve their external credibility problems by “ tying their hands ” with institutionally binding arrangements .
the death penalty may not be imposed if the defendant is merely a minor participant and did not actually kill or intend to kill .
stephen baskerville states that fathers have a constitutional right to shared control of their children and through political action they intend to establish parental authority for the well - being of their children .
" we 're exploring our legal options . i intend to take as vigorous legal action as the law allows to prevent that from happening ,
during a parliamentary debate in great britain on 6 december 1977 , the secretary of state replied in the negative when asked " whether her majesty 's government intend to recognise travel documents issued by the authorities of [ ... ] bophuthatswana for the purpose of admitting visitors to the united kingdom . "
they intend to go camping in woodlands surrounding a long - disused children 's home to find mushrooms with hallucinogenic properties .
they intend to use it as a basis for education and heritage tourism , as well as an appreciation for the diverse history and peoples of the area .
concerning his role as dumbledore , harris has stated that he did not intend to take the part , at first , since he knew that his own health was in decline , but he relented and accepted it because his 10-year - old granddaughter threatened never to speak to him again if he did not take it .
they also intend to cut a face - face instructional program that teaches students in english 101 and 102 how to navigate the library .
unhappy with the way the slave masters treat him ( although they claim otherwise ) , babouk becomes the figurehead for a group of slaves that intend to revolt against their masters .
troy elaborates on enigma 's plans , saying that they intend to trigger a third world war .
he scored a few goals during that period , but it became clear that the tigres coach mario carrillo , who succeeded luis fernando tena after several terrible performances , did not intend to fit him into the team plans .
mccain confirmed his decision at a press conference in phoenix , arizona on november 25 , 2008 , saying : " i intend to run again and will make an announcement at an appropriate time . "
as tolkien did not originally intend for the magic ring bilbo finds to be the all - powerful talisman of evil it is revealed to be in " the lord of the rings " , del toro will address its different nature in the story , but not so much as to draw away from the story 's spirit .
mark verheiden 's " aliens " graphic novel depict the space jockey 's race as malevolent ; they refrain from attacking humans due to their immense hatred of their common enemy , the xenomorphs , but they intend to wipe out and/or enslave humanity once their war with the xenomorphs is over .
there is a presumption for commercial agreements that parties intend to be legally bound ( unless the parties expressly state that they do not want to be bound , like in heads of agreement ) .
nor did he intend the realms to be estranged forever , though meneldil did otherwise .
a wealthy individual happened upon david as he was painting , and after a moment he simply asked ; " when do you intend to go to europe ? "
the keyboards intend to create a depressive sound , rather than the gothic sound that many metal bands using keyboards tend to focus on .
following a change of government , william ross , the secretary of state for scotland in the new labour party administration , indicated in march 1965 that he did not intend to follow the policy of his predecessor .
as of august 2006 there are two vacancies , which then president kirchner stated she did not intend to fill .
meanwhile , the russians mobilize their nuclear deterrents , declaring that they intend to use the bombs against any alien forces which violate russian airspace .
the bandits intend to kill him and make soup from his liver and heart .
derek and dr. webber arrive at the hospital , saying they 'll go home in a minute , when they intend on staying at the hospital .
he does n't intend to solve the problem of other minds ( for machines or people ) and he does n't think we need to .
long named fowler as the custodian because boucher did not intend to seek the position in the 1959–1960 election cycle , and long wanted one of his appointees in the running as the appointed incumbent .
users are prompted to enter height , weight , and amount they intend to exercise , as well as a target date and weight .
now , they intend to claim earth for their own , using the sea monster under their command , an armoured cyborg of great power .
did the young men intend to be priests and brothers or not ?
the master ’s programs in public administration and public policy intend to integrate theory and practice in scholarship , teaching , and service and embrace multiple perspectives for advancing critical analysis and practical knowledge in the fields of public policy and public administration .
maglione 's letter of protest " did not deal with , nor did it intend to , the injustices committed against the jews .
we intend to do the same in 2004 by drafting general clark .
wsu vancouver has a co - admission program with clark college and lower columbia college for students who intend to start their studies at the community college and transfer to wsu vancouver their junior year .
preece stated that allen was committed to the club , and did n't intend on leaving .
family al wazir migration ( hijrah ) from baghdad in the way secret and doing undercover , they intend for perform hajj to hijaz , when completed and implement the hajj pilgrimage to medina munawaroh they continue their journey from jeddah to use the ocean sailing through indies ocean and the sea of arabia .
ross eckler has noted that most of the longest english words are not likely to occur in general text , meaning non - technical present - day text seen by casual readers , in which the author did not specifically intend to use an unusually long word .
however , there is some support for a reference to the law of the country in which the couple intend to establish their matrimonial home so long as their intention is expressed with sufficient certainty and acted upon .
recognizing national security concerns and accepting pakistan 's assurances that it did not intend to construct a nuclear weapon , congress waived restrictions ( symington amendment ) on military assistance to pakistan .
believing they intend to murder him , jesse stations officers at the mall and goes wearing a bullet - proof vest .
they raised $ 23 million for the project from the same venture capital firms that supported intend change .
on 20 march 2008 , solent blue line announced to its staff that it had received notification from southampton university that they intend to award the company the contract to operate the uni - link service .
holly & taryn reveal on camera that they have an alliance with matt & tom and intend voting off the newcomers to preserve the original group which remains .
he analyzes nazi texts that - sloterdijk claims - intend to " rhetorically rescue " the third reich , and sets them against the " humanist authors " of the time , like erich kästner and erich maria remarque , who - he says - stood in the midst of " a rancorous war of all against all . "
in may 1985 , australian publisher rupert murdoch announced that he and american industrialist and philanthropist marvin davis intend to develop " a network of independent stations as a fourth marketing force " to compete directly with cbs , nbc and abc through the purchase of six television stations then owned by metromedia .
jbl , however , later stated that he did not have a formal contract with teddy long going into the match and that he did not intend to leave smackdown!. this angle was used to give jbl time off wrestling due to his serious back injury .
as a consequence of this necessity , they intend to turn jupiter into a carefully formed singularity and use the precisely specified parameters as a method of encoding information .
hoping that eisenhower would run on behalf of the democratic party , truman wrote to eisenhower in december 1951 , saying : " i wish you would let me know what you intend to do . "
students who choose the academic stream usually intend to enter a university .
the inventory would record documents that sir edmund clearly did not intend the museum to have and these would be returned .
after a mission to destroy the wasp nests and queens on a planet , the tzen intend to colonize .
grohl , however , was quoted on muchmusic.com as saying that he had never heard of the band and did not intend to work with them .
the approach is particularly suited for expert practices that intend to present raw content or data without presenting any authoritative taxonomy or categorization .
at first captain kork is very reluctant to follow the order to return to earth immediately ( because he , spucky and schrotti intend to train for a ' miss waikiki ' contest ) , but ultimately changes his mind .
the doctor tricks the emperor into revealing that the daleks intend to betray the cybermen and a battle breaks out between the two .
nevertheless , the crucial new critical precept of the " intentional fallacy " declares that a poem does not belong to its author ; rather , " it is detached from the author at birth and goes about the world beyond his power to intend about it or control it .
in identifying environmental art a crucial distinction lies between environmental artists who do not consider the damage to the environment their artwork may incur , and those who intend to cause no harm to nature .
" if readers intend to study the proof in detail they should correct their copies of the pages of the third proof with the corrections that turing supplied " .
the latest mysteron threat has been directed at cloudbase itself , which the mysterons intend to destroy at midnight .
legal executives undertake a series of training courses and are required to pass qualifications in law in the area of legal practice that they intend to specialise .
most of there cash crops are taken to the market depending on the market that falls when they intend to sell their farm produce ( orie , afo , nkwo , and eke ) .
the next morning , the rangers ( sans andros , who left to board the dark fortress ) intend to turn themselves in to save earth .
while the vegetarian party does not intend to be a rival of the green party , it seems likely that the vegetarian party will work as part of a coalition with the green party and other third parties in order to support candidates in local and state elections .
he defined this further : " while it generally means the commission of an act , i am of the view that it should also be considered in terms of an omission or failure to act ... i intend to examine whether anybody turned a blind eye to it , or pretended ignorance or unawareness of something one ought morally , legally or officially oppose . "
in september 2006 , after his move to bayern , he was added to van basten 's squad to face bulgaria ; however , van bommel stated ( alongside ruud van nistelrooy ) to no longer intend to play for " oranje " as long as van basten is in charge .
oin 's founders intend for these patents to encourage others to join , and to discourage legal threats against linux and linux - related applications .
there was at one time an issue of impossibility in that the defendant may be dishonest and intend to handle goods ( which he believes to be stolen ) but which are not in fact stolen .
" this distinguishes men bound for priesthood from those who have entered the " permanent diaconate " and do not intend to seek ordination as a priest . deacons , whether transitional or permanent . receive faculties to preach , to perform baptisms , and to witness marriages
we are happy to make it clear that when we referred to the “ new corruption ” in today ’s russia , we did not intend to suggest that either gunvor or mr timchenko obtained their russian oil business as a result of payment by them of bribes or like corrupt inducements .
the official books of seax - wica do not intend to omit or misrepresent itself , although they may be a bit sparse in terms of detail , leaving such things to individual practitioners or groups .
this is two levels below a bachelor 's degree ( level 6 in the mqf ) and students within the system who intend to further their studies to that level will usually seek entry into advanced diploma programs in public universities , polytechnics or accredited private providers .
amid widespread speculation that a violent conflict will soon break out , some of the people who arrived on the " mayflower ii " realize that the chironians do not intend to harm the majority of the ship 's occupants , but rather use a form of satyagraha ( mahatma gandhi 's philosophy of nonviolent noncompliance ) to integrate the peaceful travelers into their society and isolate the small number who present a real threat .
they intend for harrison to believe jim is responsible , and that the colt was set free in retaliation for his being fired .
there has been a history of union pickets at performances that use or intend to use this technology , perhaps most notably the march 2003 broadway musician ’s strike , that began as a dispute over pit minimums , and rapidly escalated into a referendum on this type of use .
they intend to raise florinda 's son by rodrigo as the heir to the throne .
on 27 july 2009 vltor announced they obtained the rights to use the bren ten name and logo for the production version of the fortis project and intend to release the pistol as the vltor bren ten in may of 2010 .
ben 's plan goes terribly awry , though : the mill does n't completely burn ; catherine 's body is never found , which prevents ben from collecting on her life insurance policy ( a matter further complicated by catherine having made an intentional clerical error to foil ben in the event of her death ) ; leo survives being shot by hank ; and audrey is kidnapped by the staff of one eyed jacks , who intend to use her to extort ben for millions of dollars while simultaneously enacting a hostile takeover of the business .
he also refuses to accept any challengers who might suffer serious injury or death as a result of the test they intend to undergo .
hormone therapy does not alter a trans woman 's voice once it has masculinized ; therefore , trans women who intend to pass as females need to have help with vocal training to feminize their voices .
they are agreements by which the parties intend to be bound .
graeme says that they do not intend to leave the castle .
aliasing analyses intend to make and compute useful information for understanding aliasing in programs .
at the centre of the book , dai greatcoat says that " you " , the reader , " ought to ask " questions ( like the grail - questor ) : " why ... what 's the meaning of this . " it is a question about war but also about life in general — in his preface , jones writes that he did not intend this to be a ' war book ' .
mcen066.2 sweetly you intend to deliver me to those who will torture me cruelly .
the developers intend to release present and future versions as usable finished products , not merely as bases for vendors to build a product upon .
one can flout the maxim of quality to tell a clumsy friend who has just taken a bad fall that her nimble gracefulness is impressive and obviously intend to mean the complete opposite .
the americans have already detained bettmann in a safehouse and intend to transport him to the u.s. as part of their paperclip to have him work on their own rocket program ( cf .
( in other words , you may not check a " seven " unless you intend to fold when someone else bets ) .
niasse rejected the results , alleged fraud , and said that the election was " a farce " , but also said that he did not intend to file an appeal regarding the results .
the further mathematics sl course is designed for students with a high degree of competence and interest in mathematics , and who " intend to study mathematics at university , either as a subject in its own right or as a major component of a related subject . "
the knids change into living segments of a towing line , with which they intend to drag the spacecrafts away .
derbyshire wrote that although he loved to use words that are sometimes considered obscure , he would n't use the word in mixed company , especially among less - educated african americans , out of politeness and not wanting to make someone feel uncomfortable , regardless of any non - racial meanings he would intend .
however , federal employees , or those who do business with the federal government , puerto rico - based corporations that intend to send funds to the u.s. and others also pay federal income taxes .
buoyed by the initial legitimacy provided by paz and gutierrez 's support , the dictator ruled with a measure of civilian support until 1974 , when the main parties realized he did not intend to hold elections and was instead using them to perpetuate himself in power .
in addition to being free to marry , the participants must intend marriage .
the directive administration will wage at their inferior categories that they intend to remain in the league .
unlike malcolm , his parents intend for dewey to be rich and happy later in life .
we do not intend to prove otherwise . "
they intend return in the 2009–2010 season and compete at the vancouver olympics .
they are in the progress of getting an airbus a319 or a320 and intend to start domestic services between bangkok and chiang mai and chiang rai .
surely , the u.s. government did not intend to fund authoritarian groups that work to undermine the government of a stable democratic nation .
on 18 september 2009 , it was announced that the shires of perenjori , mingenew , morawa and three springs intend to amalgamate .
claiming that he is " one of the men that intend to beat jack 's record " .
mäkinen did not intend his new club to loiter in the lower series .
viz has since stated that they have continued dubbing new episodes and intend to see them aired on television , although release dates and venues have not been finalized .
in addition to ticketing facilities and basic amenities , the station contains spaces for administrative occupants , as well as a " kiosk " and an additional foot bridge ( fused with a foot bridge exclusively for komuter users ) for pedestrians that simply intend to cross the railway lines .
the incorporation of modern symbols poses an ambiguity as to the amount of irony present , though the artist has claimed that he does not intend this .
these hairstyles include elaborate coiffures and crests which intend to add beauty to the mask .
if an investor does not intend to take the life income option from an annuity contract at retirement he or she may want to consider a low - cost deferred annuity .
although he did not intend to make organic chemistry his specialty , he also worked with the organic chemist august wilhelm von hofmann .
the trading partner identification number ( or tpin ) is a confidential number assigned to organizations which are or intend to be contractors to the federal government of the united states .
it has established itself as an educational centre for those who intend to increase their knowledge of islamic principles and cultural values and therefore , helping to strengthen the social structure of the community .
in addition , ian jane of dvd talk said " if you 've got the season five dvd set and intend to collect future seasons , you might want to wait for the exclusive material in this set to show up there .
as a result , " a majority of the approximately 80 presidents at the meeting said that they did not intend to participate in the u.s. news reputational rankings in the future . "
he reveals that two sontarans are on board , and they possess a powerful vitrox bomb with which they intend to blow up the time machine .
through academic and christian discovery , we intend to graduate people with a global perspective who are competent , caring , creative , generous individuals of character and potential .
they intend to use the command to trap all the replicators on halla inside a time dilation field that would give them years to devise a more permanent solution .
on 22 february 2007 it was revealed that smolensky is once again the owner of the company after being the highest bidder .. on 28 february 2007 , less than one week after reacquiring tvr , he has reportedly announced plans to sell the company to adam burdette and jean michel santacreu , who intend to export tvrs to the united states market .
he then amusingly informs bond that they intend to send him " skydiving " .
" anxious to visit the united states shortly - primarily to visit both the san francisco and new york worlds fairs - but while there i intend to check up on the latest development in combined factories , housing , city planning schemes generally , air port schemes , bus termini stations etc . " ( unpublished letter to d.g. sullivan , minister of supply , may 1940 )
proposed amendments to the penal code intend to hold internet users liable for " causing public mischief " , and give the authorities broader powers in curtailing freedom of speech .
both clubs intend to work closely on improving football - related issues .
the number of students who report that they intend to attend a 4-year college after high school increased from 60% in 1998 to over 93.2% in 2004 - 2005 .
the cleveland plain dealer , among others , thus describes the nature of the statement and effect of " election falsification " : anyone who signs this loyalty oath , but does n't intend to honor it , can be prosecuted for " election falsification , " a fifth - degree felony .
the ringleader is revealed to be carla langley who is working for communist china to import illegal arms and execute minor spies in the hope that a special agent ( i.e. carter ) would be sent to investigate and whom they intend to torture and kill to extract valuable information .
the honored matres intend to ' mark ' him and take over the bene tleilax , but they underestimate the little master , and with the aid of a face dancer ( disguised as an honored matre ) , waff takes over the ship and kills the honored matres aboard .
parvati bhattarai 's husband krishna prasad bhattarai shouted , " one has already lost one 's life ; do others also intend to die ? "
some yoiks intend to mimic natural sounds .
furthermore , the majority of second - generation turks appear to have developed emotional and cultural ties to their parent ’s country and also to the country which they live in and intend to remain .
in this apparent moment of triumph , the queen again summons edmund to the palace , where she claims that the french intend to invade and that every noble must pay five hundred pounds for the upkeep of the navies .
yasemin mori features most of these works at her concerts , but she does n't intend to release a new album , as she stated on mtv turkey 's talk show benimtv broadcasted at october 2009 .
they intend to kill peter purcell , and had faked the earlier accidents to make it look like he was trying to kill her .
this is two levels below a bachelor 's degree ( level 6 in the mqf ) and students within the system who intend to further their studies to that level will usually seek entry into advanced diploma programs in public universities , polytechnics or accredited private providers .
3 . buyers must intend to use the new home as a primary residence .
crichton explains why religious approaches to the environment are inappropriate and cause damage to the natural world they intend to protect .
he declared that the pkk did not intend " to separate immediately from turkey . "
they intend return in the 2009–2010 season and compete at the vancouver olympics .
on february 3 , 2009 , dan malloy officially filed paperwork with connecticut 's state elections enforcement commission to form a gubernatorial exploratory committee , and subsequently announced that he does not intend to seek reelection as mayor of stamford .
, a division of jhp , who publish and administer re - flex 's catalogue of songs , intend to re - release " the politics of dancing " and release " humanication " albums .
the performer 's website identified the condition as cardiomyopathy and went on to assert that , due to a combination of weight loss and blood thinners , he was doing well and did not intend to retire .
a fair reading is that the berne act did not intend to take away author 's right to dedicate works to the public domain , which they had ( by default ) under the 1976 act .
most peoples in the world perform acts by which they intend to bring about certain events or conditions , whether in nature or among people , that they hold to be the consequences of those acts . "
alex bribes wilma to keep her plan in motion , but the police discover that " carlo " is alive and intend to hunt him down .
it does not now nor does it intend to incorporate annuals , which rarely survive chicago winters .
mida describes itself as " the government 's principal agency for the promotion and coordination of industrial development " , and " the first point of contact for investors who intend to set up projects in the manufacturing and its related support services sectors in malaysia . "
he decides that agliè and his associates must intend to meet at the museum where foucault 's pendulum is housed , as belbo had claimed that the templar map had to be used in conjunction with the pendulum .
while committed to reform and good institutions , they did not intend to overturn the country 's existing political and social structures .
their leader , the monitor , reveals that the metalunans intend to relocate to earth and insists that meacham and adams be subjected to a thought transference chamber in order to subjugate their free will so they can not object .
he does not know that the shadow beings intend the second rocket to rupture the fabric of the universe and cause it to collapse into nothingness .
and will that my executors pay forty thousand pounds in the terme of ten years , by yearly payments of four thousand pounds , the first payment thereof to begin and be made after the decease of my said two sisters for the building a library in oxford and the purchaseing the house the houses [ sic ] between st maries and the scholes in catstreet where i intend the library to be built , and when the said library is built i give one hundred and fifty pounds per annum for ever to the library keeper thereof for the time being and one hundred pounds a year per annum for ever for buying books for the same library .
in summary , the court held that individuals , even if they are not the owner of a business , can file for chapter 11 bankruptcy because the plain language of title 11 ( which contains chapter 11 ) does not expressly prohibit them from doing so , because congress did not specifically intend to deny them the ability to do so ( even if it assumed that they would not ) , because allowing them to do so would not likely violate the rights of creditors , and because allowing them to do so would not result in anybody being forced to do so against their will .
i want to apologize for the distress that i caused everybody , and i want to make a solemn commitment : i intend to keep on defending all the moral and ethical values that i have always stood up for , as a jew , a man and a rabbi . "
as the gun discharged ben said " my god billy you have shot your best friend " , billy replied " i 'm sorry " , whitney said " he did not intend to do it , it was an accident , send for my family " .
gsk maintains that it did not intend to mislead consumers and that the advertising claims were based on testing procedures that have since been changed .
nevertheless , a recent parliamentary initiative ( motion for a resolution ) has been launched by several mps so as to establish a register for representatives of interest groups and lobbyists who intend to lobby the mps .
we are the very same people who create knowledge and innovation , and we intend to apply the same ingenuity and determination to shaping the future of this university . "
on 20 august 2009 the russian federation has officially informed the depository that it did not intend to become a contracting party to the energy charter treaty and the protocol on energy efficiency and related environmental aspects .
seeing that stalin did not intend to change his policies , he supported compliance with some of the demands .
he indicated in 2005 that he did not intend to stand at the following general election .
after many months of negotiations with the sudanese to try to end the incursions , the government of eritrea concluded that the nif did not intend to change its policy and broke relations .
on the documentary " new order story " , bernard sumner discusses that he did n't originally intend the song to be about tony wilson and the tension between wilson and the group , but sumner admits that growing tension between the two men ultimately was channelled into the song when it was being written .
being carbon neutral is increasingly seen as good corporate or state social responsibility and a growing list of corporations and states are announcing dates for when they intend to become fully neutral .
have said they will prove they own the titles to these songs and that they intend to sue .
like marcabru , bernart also employs a complex ironic attack on cuckolders by portraying the object of their sexual liaisons as not the women they intend but rather their husbands .
seattle 's mayor , greg nickels , maintained the stance that the sonics were expected to stay in seattle until their lease expired in 2010 and said that the city did not intend to make it easy for bennett to move the team early .
there have been many projects that intend to supply the city from the panuco watershed , including a controversial dam on the extoraz river in the sierra gorda region .
speaking on condition of anonymity , a member of president iloilo 's family told the fiji times on 29 november 2005 that he did not intend to seek another term when his present term ended on 13 march 2006 .
if one does not intend to show their dog , it can be trimmed shorter so as to require less brushing .
early in 1997 inla inmates within the maze prison had informed prison officers that " they intend , given a chance , to take out the lvf " .
along with the extension to the east stand , hull kingston rovers intend to build a new purpose built stand at the north ( preston road ) end of the ground .
at first charlie and itchy intend on exploiting anne - marie 's gift too , but they soon become attached to her and act as her protectors .
italy also wanted to keep the kingdom of greece out of the war , as the italian government feared that should greece join the war on the side of the allies , it would intend to annex albania , which italy wanted as its own .
his brother " [ little owl ] " is still in place , and i mention it now publicly that i intend presenting him with his deceased brother 's medal ; for he promises fair to possess sentiments similar to those of his brother , both with regard to the red and the white .
the final step in becoming a registered dietitian ( rd ) is registration with the regulatory body ( college or association ) in the province in which you intend to practice .
on january 29 , 2009 , the magazine 's publisher sent an email to staff and contributors of scrye announcing that they intend to cease publication of the magazine after the april 2009 edition , the magazine 's 131st regular issue .
a female dryadian named brika was introduced in " legionnaires " # 71 ( may 1999 ) , protesting a group of colonists who intend to re - settle her hibernating clan .
