challenging petersen 's hypothesis , his additional thoughts on ' cascading discontinuity sets ' broke away from idea that wild cards to introduce other type of interrelated events .
the economy of sarangani has a high count of wheat , corn and interrelated energy .
however , he is most famous for his collection of interrelated short stories , which he began writing in 1919 , known as " winesburg , ohio " .
the proliferation of " congressional veto " provisions in legislation over the years raised a series of interrelated constitutional questions .
at issue are two distinct but interrelated questions : whether some women in the early church received true sacramental ordination , or whether all were merely so called for functional or honorific purposes ; and , whether the prohibition against ordaining women to the diaconate is also a matter of unchangeable divine law , or potentially changeable ecclesiastical law .
he repudiated the claim by saying that rebt on the contrary emphasized that thinking , feeling , and behaving are interrelated and integrated , and that it includes a vast amount of both emotional and behavioral methods in addition to cognitive ones .
the testimonies are interrelated and can be seen as a coherent philosophical system , even outside christian theology .
by early 1943 this movement , though only loosely interrelated within the region , numbered an estimated 250,000 combat and combat support personnel , with sophisticated bases , long range communication equipment , and increasingly disruptive to wehrmacht 's rear services and lines of communication .
many so - called pygmies prefer instead to be referred to by the name of their various ethnic groups , or names for various interrelated groups such as the aka ( mbenga ) , baka , mbuti , and twa .
there it was described as “ a circuit of 33 short films and a series of interrelated photographic works ” .
they treat soft tissue problems related to musculoskeletal system sports related soft tissue disorders and the specialty is also interrelated with physiotherapy , physical medicine and rehabilitation of disabled patients .
in the tradition of cultural - history , the prevalent archaeological theory of the early to middle 20th century , kirchhoff defined this zone as a culture area based on a suite of interrelated cultural similarities brought about by millennia of inter- and intra - regional interaction ( i.e. , diffusion ) .
from 1994 to 2006 , leed grew from one standard for new construction to a comprehensive system of six interrelated standards covering all aspects of the development and construction process .
she is currently working on a book - length collection of interrelated short stories and on a collection of short humorous first - person essays .
the decade of the 1930s was a period of interrelated political and economic changes .
according to chasidic thought ( particularly as propounded by shneur zalman of liadi ) of chabad , god is held to be immanent within creation for two interrelated reasons .
informally , a mathematical space " s " is a set " sobj " of the objects themselves " and " a set " sopr " of operations on " sobj " which map ( sobj)n into sobj and are interrelated by algebraic laws .
the three spheres are overlapping and interrelated , but each sphere possesses a distinctive focus .
they are collections of interrelated short stories written by cherryh and others .
the fundamental disagreement is over the nature of calypso itself ; caribbean creole cultures share a common heritage that mixes several mostly interrelated african groups with british , french and other european cultures , and the indigenous societies of the caribbean basin .
these three dimensions are interrelated , and the processes of formulating and carrying out policy have often been more complex than the structure of organizations would indicate .
it consists of four interrelated groups
phenomenon and noumenon serve as interrelated technical terms in kant 's philosophy .
this assumption better reflects the characteristics of human cognition because cognitive processes usually do not work in isolation but function within a network of interrelated competencies and skills .
it is further understood that the fate of all species are intricately interrelated , so the exploitation of animals must play a major role on the impact of the human world .
it is the first large greek vase showing a single myth in several interrelated segments .
fold and thrust belts usually comprise both folds and thrust faults , commonly interrelated .
the popular music of latin american countries is interrelated with the development of " latin music " in the usa , due to considerable cultural exchange .
the word coupling denotes the idea that in a molecule , vibrational and electronic interactions are interrelated and influence each other .
the kabbalistic and hasidic literature often views hierarchies , dichotomies and casual relationships as relative and overturnable , based on the ontological principle of sefer yetzirah , that " the beginning is wedged in the end , and the end is wedged in the beginning " , and the monistic concepts of unity and interrelated nature of all things .
the second or european stage , consists of a sequence of three interrelated books : l"a traversée du luxembourg " ( 1985 ) [ traversing luxembourg gardens ] ; " un ethnologue dans le métro " ( 1986 ) ; trs . as " in the metro " ( 2002 ) ; and " domaines et châteaux " ( 1989 ) [ homes and palaces ] .
vincent khapoya mentions ali masrui 's three interrelated broad reasons for european exploration of africa : to increase knowledge , to spread christianity and to increase national esteem .
the task in ontology is to describe the most general categories of reality and how they are interrelated .
as a young woman who chose to reach out to the japanese people following the second world war by choosing to live with her family in the nuclear - bomb - produced shadows that remained of the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki , and she was internationally - recognized for her lifelong devotion to the interrelated causes of nuclear - non - proliferation and peace .
the immediate situation , i.e. the actual communication , is shaped by five aspects which are interrelated : ( 1 ) “ sociopsychological states ” , ( 2 ) “ goals and addressee focus ”
observing the moniac in operation made it much easier for students to understand the interrelated processes of a national economy .
typically traumatic events , such as physical attack or sexual abuse , are interrelated with strong negative emotions , causing these memories to be very strong and more easily recalled than memories not associated with similar emotions , or even those connected to positive emotions .
composed of interrelated disciplines , the curriculum focuses on advanced economic and management theories and practices , as well as the analysis of successful cases of domestic enterprises .
his work is informed by interrelated archival , museum - based , and ethnographic research in a manner characteristic of the ethnohistorical method .
the godine family gallery serves as an educational tool for students in the studio for interrelated media ( sim ) who are interested in curatorial work and event production - much like eventworks .
the institute operates in the united states and globally " through an interrelated program of social science research , policy analysis and public education . "
steppin on the avenue . soa , presented the first friday of the month , explores not only the meaning of paired dancing in african american life , but the way in which music , song and dance are interrelated in that culture .
according to helen batchelor , following the breakthrough success of main street , lewis conceived an ambitious plan for a series of interrelated novels that required a common fictional locale .
each epoch should be seen as a whole in which all aspects of culture — art , religion , philosophy , politics , and economics — are interrelated ( a point developed later by oswald spengler .
the ecommerce 2.0 environment is built upon many interrelated systems and processes that require information to be exchanged dynamically .
however , the university of the poor is very important to the ppehrc , a movement that considers organizing and education to be essential and interrelated components in the progression of the movement .
it was often the case that men and women married between the clans , and thus the members of the clans were interrelated .
the department acts as consortium , coordinating the activities and interests of the state government of california and the u.s. federal government to focus on interrelated water problems in the state ’s sacramento - san joaquin river delta .
longform improv performers create shows in which short scenes are often interrelated by story , characters , or themes .
sivaraksa also explains that many buddhists understand religion and politics “ as two interrelated spheres , ” implying that government should adhere to the moral and ethical values that buddhism , or any religion , has to offer .
the paintings constitute a major part of the split of life interrelated series comprising works dealing with contemporary themes of war realized on large scale format .
a georelational data model is a geographic data model that represents geographic features as an interrelated set of spatial and attribute data .
this song has two interrelated themes .
geometric abstraction , op art , hard - edge painting , color field painting and minimal painting , were some interrelated directions for advanced abstract painting as well as some other new movements .
within the broader private equity industry , two distinct sub - industries , leveraged buyouts and venture capital experienced growth along parallel although interrelated tracks .
with teams at the university of illinois , university of virginia , university of nebraska , university of alberta , and northwestern university , smith worked on two interrelated mellon - sponsored data mining and visualization initiatives , nora ( http://www.noraproject.org/ ) and monk ( metadata offer new knowledge ; http://www.monkproject.org/ ) .
it is a virtual office comprising of a set of interrelated tools ( webmail , calendar , document storage , tasks , notes , bookmarks , etc . ) .
in this view , both the self and society can be improved , and in fact are interrelated because the ideal of selfhood , toward which many japanese strive , is one in which consideration of others is paramount .
now stands against all oppression , recognizing that racism , sexism and homophobia are interrelated , that other forms of oppression such as classism and ableism work together with these three to keep power and privilege concentrated in the hands of a few . "
the artists in the studio for interrelated media[sim ] study many media with the goal of expressing their ideas through the most appropriate media for each concept .
microsoft office is an office suite of interrelated desktop applications , servers and services for the microsoft windows and mac os x operating systems .
another reason for using classes is to simplify the relationships of interrelated data .
the people of the inside , the people of the large lake , the people of lake sammamish and to a little lesser extent , the people of the snoqualmie were all closely interrelated in a daisy chain following the geography .
iwmi 's research themes are strongly interrelated .
they concern a number of interrelated ( sometimes surprisingly so ) conjectures relating various homological properties of a commutative ring to its internal ring structure , particularly its krull dimension and depth .
however , other communists believe that all fields of marxist thought are interrelated , and therefore feel it necessary to subscribe to all of them .
it was preceded by nathaniel d. mann 's score for " the fairylogue and radio - plays " by four months , but that was a mixture of interrelated stage and film performance in the tradition of old magic lantern shows .
although these books all take place in the same " world " and all include the same established system of elemental magick , the first book , " the fire rose , " can be distinguished in that the story takes place in the united states rather than in england , and the set of characters are not interrelated as are those in the following books .
nonrandom accumulations of matter - energy in physical space - time organized into interacting , interrelated subsystems or components .
this sets off a series of interrelated events that result in cellular injury and death .
structuralism is an approach to the human sciences that attempts to analyze a specific field as a complex system of interrelated parts .
fuel consumption , range , and the ability to cruise at " lean - of - peak " are three interrelated advantages of the original malibu .
the support given by dss can be separated into three distinct , interrelated categories : personal support , group support , and organizational support .
it forms the heart of a cluster of interrelated protected areas .
the arrupe scholars program recognizes john carroll students for their significant commitment to two interrelated values of john carroll 's mission : intellectual inquiry that demands critical thinking , and engaging in social justice and community service that leads to social action .
he claimed that these families were so interrelated that to preserve their domination he found 64 examples where the rothschilds had married first cousins .
they are interrelated ; without understanding one you can not understand the other .
many interrelated political , cultural , socio - economic and geographical factors contributed to the liberation of french establishments in india .
courses are interrelated .
adjacent and interrelated to umc is the , an nci cancer research and treatment facility .
kant 's refutation consists of several separate but interrelated arguments .
piombino discusses the relationship at length in his third volume of poetry , " theoretical objects " , where he states " psychoanalysis and literature are more interrelated than is apparent .
surface water and groundwater have often been studied and managed as separate resources , although they are interrelated .
as the personification of the maguey plant , mayahuel was also part of a complex of interrelated maternal and fertility goddesses in aztec mythology and is also connected with notions of fecundity and nourishment .
there are eight clearly valid groups of languages which are or have been included in the cushitic family , and there is a wide range of opinions as to how they are interrelated .
anza - borrego gradually changed from a predominately marine environment in to a system of interrelated terrestrial habitats .
he strongly believed that the two were closely interrelated and that they served to strengthen each other .
coupled to the war aim of securing the country for the english parliament were several other interrelated objectives .
it has been described as being " a system of interlocking and closely interrelated religious worldviews and practices rather than as one indivisible religion " and as such consisted of " individual worshippers , family traditions and regional cults within a broadly consistent framework " .
therefore , the equations for the first three quantum numbers are all interrelated .
furthermore , it is focused on one area of the brain , while research has made it apparently clear that brain function is interrelated as a whole .
a " vanua " in this sense is associated with its ownership of an area of " vanua " in the sense of " land " ; the various meanings of " vanua " are , here too , interrelated .
in view of special relativity , the electric and magnetic fields are two interrelated aspects of a single object , called the electromagnetic field .
homeostasis is the ability of an open system to regulate its internal environment to maintain stable conditions by means of multiple dynamic equilibrium adjustments controlled by interrelated regulation mechanisms .
this model suggests burnout consists of three interrelated parts : emotional exhaustion , depersonalization , and diminished personal accomplishment .
the corneal endothelium then actively transports water from the stromal - facing surface to the aqueous - facing surface by an interrelated series of active and passive ion exchangers .
russell l. ackoff wrote about complex problems as messes : “ every problem interacts with other problems and is therefore part of a set of interrelated problems , a system of problems … .
all of these concepts , however , are closely interrelated to one another insofar as they are all directly connected to zazen , or sitting meditation , which dōgen considered to be identical to zen , as is pointed out clearly in the first sentence of the 1243 instruction manual " zazen - gi " ( 坐禪儀 ; " principles of zazen " ) : " studying zen ... is zazen " .
the term habitat comes from ecology , and includes many interrelated features , especially the immediate physical environment , the urban environment or the social environment .
he noted that there was no choice but to attack the many powerful and interrelated vested interests who were exploiting the financial system , and expressed his appreciation of support from the presidency , the economic and financial crimes commission , the finance minister and others .
it studies society as a structure with interrelated parts .
as such it appears that konda in mediaeval india and sri lanka was a branch of the interrelated south indian kshatriya families which were spread in the chola , pandya and pallava kingdoms and sri lanka .
what made them unique was that these interrelated fundamentals were formulated specifically for turkey 's needs .
as distinct from the western medical concept of heart , this concept from traditional chinese medicine is more a way of describing a set of interrelated parts than an anatomical organ .
" the crimint cycle is effective intelligence results from a series of interrelated activities .
the society was divided into two peripherally interrelated sectors .
classical education recognizes that all knowledge is interrelated and grounded in the virtues .
since most hawkweeds reproduce exclusively asexually by means of seeds that are genetically identical to their mother plant ( apomixis or agamospermy ) , clones or populations that consist of genetically identical plants are formed and some botanists ( especially in uk , scandinavia and russia ) prefer to accept these clones as good species ( arguing that it is impossible to know how these clones are interrelated ) whereas others ( mainly in central europe and usa ) try to group them into a few hundred more broadly defined species .
there are two main applications of importance sampling methods which , naturally , are interrelated .
the change was due to both external and internal factors , that were interrelated .
according to kante narayana desayi 's , " balijakula charithra " , kings of vijayanagar , madurai , thanjavur , khandi ( kandy ) and thundeera ( gingee / chenchi ) were interrelated and belonged to balija caste .
funding for the eventworks festival is provided by the massart student government association , the studio for interrelated media program , and fundraising efforts throughout the year .
" the seventeen interrelated dzokchen nyingthik scriptures are accepted by tradition as divine revelation received by the ... mystic garap dorje .
in this stage , piaget described intelligence as having two closely interrelated parts .
feminist literary criticism continues in our time to be closely interrelated with the movement by political feminists for social , economic , and cultural freedom and equality .
the seth material includes reincarnation as a core principle , but unlike some religions , states that cause - and - effect does not operate from life to life ( although all lives are interrelated in various ways ) ; human beings do not reincarnate as animals ; and reincarnation does not end in a state of nirvana .
the niem reference schemas are a set of interrelated schemas that define niem data components .
in keeping with the northern new mexico setting that it is depicted as being a part of , milagro is a predominantly hispanic and catholic town , with a largely interrelated population .
price is interrelated with both of these measures of value .
it tells the story of several interrelated people who die in the collapse of an inca rope - fiber suspension bridge in peru , and the events that lead up to their being on the bridge .
murray places each need on its own but also states that needs can be interrelated in some ways .
research is continuing into more accurate ways of determining the interrelated constants " f " , " n"a , and " e " .
self - directed and primarily self - taught , by his early - twenties bruce had begun a dedicated lifelong study of how music and spirituality are inherently interrelated , a study that continues to hold great fascination for him .
the territories from the atlantic to the italian peninsula , and especially the catalan and occitan - speaking areas were closely interrelated culturally and politically .
the structure and composition is determined by various environmental factors that are interrelated .
the eight groups are composed of numerous interrelated and unrelated individual families .
stomach , a concept from traditional chinese medicine as distinct from the western medical concept of stomach , is more a way of describing a set of interrelated parts than an anatomical organ .
bakunin 's political beliefs were based on several interrelated concepts : ( 1 ) liberty ; ( 2 ) socialism ; ( 3 ) federalism ; ( 4 ) anti - theism ; and ( 5 ) materialism .
the film is structured around three interrelated themes - the landscape as witness , the story of gilmore ( played by barney ) , and the life of bees - that metaphorically describe the potential of moving backward in order to escape one 's destiny .
as a consequence , the formation of soil has come to be treated as the aggregate of many interrelated physical , chemical , and biological processes .
society can be conceived as a complex fabric consisting of interrelated activities , systems and organizations .
as indian agriculture was drawn into the world economy , credit , commerce , inequality and growth were interrelated .
it consists of a preface and three interrelated " abhandlungen " ( " treatises " or " essays " ) , which trace episodes in the evolution of moral concepts with a view to undermining " moral prejudices " , and specifically the morality of christianity .
climate change and agriculture are interrelated processes , both of which take place on a global scale .
" throughout these interrelated series wolf draws into question notions of public and private space , anonymity and individuality , history and modern development .
these goals are closely interrelated , since venus ' extreme temperature is thought to be due to the greenhouse effect caused by its dense atmosphere .
interrelated fees .
hale realised that of the aboriginal australian languages , one relatively closely - interrelated family had spread and proliferated over most of the continent , while approximately a dozen other families were concentrated along the north coast .
the main melodic subjects , thus interrelated , are then recapitulated in the final movement .
the film has three separate but interrelated story - lines , of which one is in english and two in hindi .
the technical committee works in conjunction with other technical committees focused on transportation infrastructure to develop interrelated standards .
the concept of business processes - interrelated activities aiming at creating a value added output to a customer - is the basic underlying idea of bpr .
the relative effectiveness of this user management directly impacts the quality of a forum in general , its appeal , and its usefulness as a community of interrelated users .
the eight subsections are interrelated in a pattern known in group theory as the order 8 dihedral group , d4 .
wealth , status , and political influence were interrelated .
he saw these and cultural activity as interrelated in a vision of change .
the two points at which there is the greatest overlap or mutual impingement of the two versions of critical theory are in their interrelated foci on language , symbolism , and communication and in their focus on construction .
the school of art offers professional instruction in four interrelated areas of study : graphic design , painting / printmaking , photography , and sculpture .
the two subject areas do not have to be highly related ; however , students often pick two subjects that are interrelated in some fundamental way ( e.g. both subjects are in the arts ) .
its most spectacular operation of was march 20 , 2002 raid 19 interrelated business and non - profit entities in herndon , va associated with an umbrella corporation known as the saar foundation .
while the ultimate titles have closely interrelated storylines , of the two all star series so far released , there has been no effort to make them conform to each other or indicate they exist in the same continuity .
kami and people are not separate ; they exist within the same world and share its interrelated complexity .
wle are complex , evolving structures whose characteristics and dynamic properties depend on many interrelated kinks between climate , soil , and vegetation .
for his texts , arcadelt chose poets ranging from petrarch ( and his setting of a complete canzone , as a set of five interrelated madrigals , was the predecessor of the vogue for madrigal cycles ) , pietro bembo , sannazaro , to florentines lorenzino de'medici , benedetto varchi , filippo strozzi , and michelangelo himself , to others such as luigi cassola of piacenza , a now - obscure writer who was among the most often - set poets of the early madrigalists .
these events helped fend - off competition from image comics and such events were more likely to become " collector 's items . " some events , such as dc 's " zero hour " and marvel 's " onslaught saga " spanned a publisher 's entire line while others only affected a " family " of interrelated titles .
the group consisted of wealthy , politically powerful , and interrelated families of geneva .
these four agendas are interrelated .
the site is one of a group of interrelated sites illustrating the various phases of stone tool production and living area activities .
schemata are interrelated and multiple conflicting schemata can be applied to the same information .
the number of people with this condition varies relative to geographic location , depending on how much of a given population is interrelated .
copyright law and copynorms are interrelated but distinct .
“ play ” as the work of young children , and provide interrelated , hands - on , active learning .
two key and interrelated features of yazidism are : a ) a preoccupation with religious purity and b ) a belief in metempsychosis .
more and more , though , and partly because of the ease of mixing media in electronic work , i 've come to see all these projects as interrelated . "
" igloo white " consisted of three interrelated parts .
understanding that there are finite phases in the management of service providers , integrations , and service consumers leads to the next key paradigm : that these phases are independent and interrelated .
in addition to the kinds of suggestion typically delivered by researchers interested in hypnosis there are other forms of suggestibility , though not all are considered interrelated .
the jewish ethnicity , nationality , and religion are strongly interrelated , as judaism is the traditional faith of the jewish nation .
· modeling and aligning fairly complex content from interrelated domains
calypso and mento are the most well - studied of the calypso - like genres , and are known to have evolved in a parallel and mutually interrelated fashion ; elements of calypso came to be used in mento , and vice versa , while their origins lay in the afro - caribbean culture , each uniquely characterized by influences from the shango and shouters religions of trinidad and the " kumina " spiritual tradition of jamaica .
jewkes agrees , asserting that the likelihood of the uk national news media lending their weight to the search for a missing person , whether foul play is suspected or not , depends on a collection of interrelated factors : whether the person is young , female , white , middle - class , and conventionally attractive .
the five stages of positive psychotherapy represent a concept in which therapy and self - help are closely interrelated .
climate change and agriculture are interrelated processes , both of which take place on a global scale .
the company ’s geospatial intelligence solutions , based on the geomedia® family of products , include tools to collect , measure , and quickly analyze tremendous amounts of interrelated actionable intelligence .
navigating across interrelated sentences within this network rather than the use of conventional keyword searches allows for stepwise and controlled acquisition of information .
in a 1986 review of nolte 's 1985 essay " between myth and revisionism " in the " historische zeitschrift " journal , hildebrand argued that nolte had in a praiseworthy way sought:"to incorporate in historicizing fashion that central element for the history of national socialism and of the " third reich " of the annihilatory capacity of the ideology and of the regime , and to comprehend this totalitarian reality in the interrelated context of russian and german history " .
three years after the hiatus , members of destiny 's child reunited to record their fourth and final studio album , " destiny fulfilled " . the album introduces the trio to a harder , " urban " sound , and songs featured are conceptually interrelated . "
kabbalah combines orthodox judaic , neoplatonic , gnostic , and philosophical ( e.g. aristotlean ) themes , to develop an elaborate and highly symbolic cosmology in which god , who is ineffable and unknowable , manifests as ten archetypal sephirot , each with its own divine attributes , and arranged in a configuration of interrelated paths called the tree of life .
as reiterated by thomas schatz , " the melodrama 's narrative formula-- its interrelated family of characters , its repressive small - town milieu , and its preoccupation with america 's sociosexual mores - managed to live beyond the eisenhower years and into the era of civil rights , vietnam , the sexual revolution , and the women 's movement . "
these can be grouped into three interrelated pillars : " freedom of establishment " , " country of origin principle " and " mutual assistance " .
his most recent book , " the end of the american century " ( rowman & littlefield , 2008 ) explores the interrelated dimensions of america 's domestic and international decline .
algeria and libya and south into nigeria are the more common destinations , amongst tuareg communities of the complex interrelated " kel"s or clan structure .
their paper introduced the concept that networks occur across multiple domains and that they are interrelated .
most scholars , however , agree that whatever malory 's intentions for the individual books , he did mean them to be considered an interrelated series , if not a unified whole .
the data still remains interrelated .
in the summer of 2000 he helped re - plan the program as a chain of scientifically , technologically and operationally interrelated missions with a spacecraft launch to mars every two years .
the lymphatic system has four interrelated functions : it is responsible for the removal of interstitial fluid from tissues ; it absorbs and transports fatty acids and fats as chyle to the circulatory system ; and to nicklas cells and it transports immune cells to and from the lymph nodes in to the sheppardian part of the bone .
based on semantic analyses of " baka " 馬鹿 entries in japanese dictionaries and thesauruses , the lexicographer michael carr ( 1982:2 - 3 ) differentiates eight interrelated meanings .
" the artists in the studio for interrelated media ( sim ) combine the study of many media by pursuing the representation of their ideas with the most appropriate media for each idea .
s. degree in interrelated learning ( 1979 ) from clark atlanta university .
site , neighborhood , city and region — and architecture — institutional , commercial and residential — and fall into three interrelated areas : sustainable architecture , town planning & urban design and historic preservation .
in this context a system is taken to mean " an interrelated , interworking set of objects " .
each choice has its purchase price , sell price , and its risk , all of which are interrelated .
though these two broad areas are interrelated and study systematic processes of behaviour , they differ on their level of scientific analysis of various dimensions of behaviour .
saltern is a word with a number of differing ( but interrelated ) meanings .
adjacent tribes throughout the puget sound - strait of georgia basin were , and are , interconnected and interrelated , yet distinct .
for example , even technical systems such as heating , ventilation , and air - conditioning systems have many interrelated design choices .
financial history of the dutch republic describes the history of the interrelated development of financial institutions in the dutch republic .
examples include elevators , washing machines and other systems with interrelated stop - go operations .
the causes of the war are rooted in interrelated issues : florentine opposition to the expansion of the papal states in central italy ( which the avignon popes had set as a condition for their return ) and antipathy toward the " parte guelfa " in florence .
these interrelated medical businesses utilize img 's own network of facilities , including a fully equipped hospital , countrywide clinics , and rescue and evacuation by road and air ambulance .
the eötvös effect is interrelated with or an aspect of the coriolis effect and causes subtle trajectory variations caused by the earth 's rotation .
lauret agrees with other scholars that angelou uses her many roles , incarnations , and identities throughout her books to illustrate how oppression and personal history are interrelated .
understanding what causes are important to employees is usually the first priority because of the many interrelated business benefits that can be derived from increased employee engagement ( i.e. more loyalty , improved recruitment , increased retention , higher productivity , and so on ) .
the process of militarization involves many interrelated aspects that encompass all levels of society .
the graphic syntax of lddt differed from that of idef1 and , more importantly , lddt contained interrelated modeling concepts not present in idef1 .
proprioception and kinesthesia are seen as interrelated and there is considerable disagreement regarding the definition of these terms .
lakshmi is linked with three important and interrelated themes : prosperity and wealth , fertility and crops , and good luck during the coming year .
the role of sense experience in dewey 's theory is crucial , in that he saw experience as unified totality of things through which everything else is interrelated .
the committee believes that increasing the categories of nuclear weapons , components , and materials subject to transparency and monitoring would be valuable -- and may ultimately be essential -- as the united states and the world attempt to address the urgent and interrelated goals of reducing the dangers from existing nuclear arsenals , minimizing the spread of nuclear weaponry to additional states , and preventing the acquisition of nuclear weapons by terrorists .
interrelated concepts .
in particular , the principle of egalitarian dialogue is deeply interrelated to the other principles of dialogic learning .
" generally speaking , film noir ( " black films " ) refers to two interrelated aspects : visually , these films were darker and compositionally more abstract than most hollywood films ; thematically , they were considerably more pessimistic and brutal in their presentation of contemporary american life . "
maslow also states that even though these are examples of how the quest for knowledge is separate from basic needs he warns that these “ two hierarchies are interrelated rather than sharply separated ” ( maslow 97 ) .
many games have multiple interrelated activities .
plot is a sequence of interrelated events arranged to form a causal pattern and achieve an intended effect .
however she believied that the body and mind are interrelated , and influenced by the work of carl jung .
there he finds a flurry of interrelated weird incidents happening around him .
the national , provincial and local levels of government all have legislative and executive authority in their own spheres , and are defined in the south african constitution as " distinctive , interdependent and interrelated " .
the site is one of a group of interrelated sites illustrating the various phases of stone tool production and living area activities .
the mirfields and the levetts of nearby high melton were interrelated , thomas levett having married robert mirfin 's sister elizabeth .
these interrelated tribes formed distinct entities : the emirates of trarza brakna , and tagant were the political reflection of hassane caste tribes in southern mauritania .
unlike castes , which form part of a complex and interrelated local economic exchange system , tribes tend to form self - sufficient economic units .
a deceiver 's actions are interrelated to the message receiver 's actions .
while bruni and machiavelli used the term to describe the non - monarchial states of northern italy , " res publica " has a set of interrelated meanings in the original latin .
the most mythological stories contained in the " mabinogion " collection are the four interrelated tales , by a single author or storyteller , titled " the mabinogi " in the manuscripts , or often " the four branches of the mabinogi " .
he argues that each perspective is interrelated to the others in such a fashion that , in knowing one of these , one actually knows the other two , also .
both railways were interrelated and aimed to strengthen the authority of the empire over arab provinces .
he describes the structure of a cop as consisting of three interrelated terms : ' mutual engagement ' , ' joint enterprise ' and ' shared repertoire ' .
backup features , whose stories were interrelated with the main feature , were " the butterfly " and " the wild bunch " , both written by friedrich .
as it was formulated by tajfel , social identity theory is a diffuse but interrelated group of social psychological theories concerned with when and why individuals identify with , and behave as part of , social groups , adopting shared attitudes to outsiders .
the toulmin model of argumentation , a diagram containing six interrelated components used for analyzing arguments , was considered his most influential work , particularly in the field of rhetoric and communication , and in computer science .
" müller 's determined interest in questions of memory , traces of the past and the historical body makes his films , videos and installations the central point for a vast array of interrelated approaches . "
the interrelated disciplines of governance , risk , and compliance ( grc ) represent a cornerstone of mof 4.0 .
implicit in these concepts is their separate but equal and interrelated nature , in keeping with their philosophical relationship to the chinese principles of yin and yang ( jap . : " in " and " yō " ) .
2007 combating diabetes , obesity , periodontal disease and interrelated inflammatory conditions with a syndemic approach .
it is more a way to describing a set of interrelated parts than an anatomical organ , each organ can not be explained fully unless its relationship and homeostasis with the other organs is understood .
the interrelated themes of barriers to education and employment continued to form the backbone of feminist thought in the nineteenth century , as described , for instance by harriet martineau in her 1859 article “
fornell ’s academic research centers on two distinct but interrelated topics : the application of advanced quantitative methods to marketing and economic research , and customer satisfaction measurement .
many of the terms used in landscape ecology are as interconnected and interrelated as the discipline itself .
the organization posits that loss of perceptual diversity , biodiversity , and cultural diversity , are interrelated and that current narrow ways of perceiving contribute to the destruction of other species and the environment .
the eccs is a set of interrelated safety systems that are designed to protect the fuel within the reactor pressure vessel , which is referred to as the " reactor core " , from overheating .
courses in the core curriculum provide insight into the nature and demands of contemporary christian living and help students understand how various aspects of contemporary life are interrelated and how the global culture has developed .
unlike conventional international relations , power is understood to be both economic and political , which are interrelated in a complex manner .
in the view of f. graetz , strategic thinking and planning are “ distinct , but interrelated and complementary thought processes ” that must sustain and support one another for effective strategic management .
field agents of the mva are divided into two interrelated groups .
although finland speaks finno - ugric languages , finnish history and literature are clearly interrelated with those of both sweden and norway who have shared control of various areas and who have substantial sami populations / influences .
bernard had been conducting research on an oceanographic ship , examining how different social actors interrelated and knew one another .
there are many distinct but interrelated dualities in which geometric or topological objects correspond to other objects of the same type , but with a reversal of the dimensions of the features of the objects .
while some novels are complete stories ( " circle of friends " , " light a penny candle " ) many of her novels revolve around a cast of interrelated characters ( " the copper beech " , " silver wedding " , " the lilac bus " , " evening class " , " heart and soul " ) .
although the different aspects of cardiovascular physiology are closely interrelated , the subject is still usually divided into several subtopics .
one or more interrelated documents employing this grammar is called a topic map . "
the second symphony 's thematic material , like much of elgar 's work , consists of short , closely interrelated motives which he develops via repetition , sequential techniques , and subtle cross references .
the term " systemic " refers to the view of language as " a network of systems , or interrelated sets of options for making meaning " ; the term " functional " indicates that the approach is concerned with the contextualized , practical uses to which language is put , as opposed to formal grammar , which focuses on compositional semantics , syntax and word classes such as nouns and verbs .
the " one use only " head bolts were commonly re - used and symptoms in other interrelated systems ignored .
