in an occasion marked by great ceremony , anson noted through an interpreter the many attempts he had made to secure an audience through intermediaries but since they had been insincere , he had been forced to send his officer to the city gate with a letter to be delivered directly to the viceroy .
opcodes can also be found in so called byte codes and other representations intended for a software interpreter rather than a hardware device .
paul assisted richthofen as guide and interpreter on exploratory journeys through 18 of china ’s provinces between 1868 and 1872 to report on the minerals , flora , fauna and peoples of the various regions .
donaldson was awarded the medal for exposing himself to enemy fire to protect injured australian troops and then rescuing an afghan interpreter under heavy enemy fire during a contact on 2 september 2008 .
again in 1800 he was arrested and again transported to st. petersburg along with his son moshe who served as an interpreter , as rabbi shneur zalman spoke no russian or french .
in 1978 she attends the oti festival obtaining 2nd place with the song " cuando pienso en ti " written by nacho mendez and 1st place for the best interpreter of the oti festival .
on the stage , richardson was known as ratan devi , mezzo - soprano interpreter of east indian music .
he would go on to serve as an interpreter in negotiations with the ojibwe including assistance to michigan governor lewis cass .
she is known as an acclaimed interpreter of other russian operatic roles , such as natasha in prokofiev 's " war and peace " , louisa in " betrothal in a monastery " and marfa in " the tsar 's bride " .
the program instructions are , in theory , infinitely extensible and constitute ( possibly arbitrary ) values within the table that are meaningful only to the interpreter .
constance cox ( interpreter ) .
hengeveld was an able interpreter and performer of the music of bach for piano and harpsichord .
it was held partly by hunfrid ( humfrey ) the chamberlain and partly by ansgot the interpreter .
he was hired by the tokugawa bakufu as an interpreter , and accompanied fukuzawa yukichi on the kanrin - maru to the united states in 1860 .
he was an interpreter in the vancouver police court from 1904 to 1936 , speaking english , cantonese , hakka , and also the chinook jargon which he had learned as a child at port douglas .
whenever the aikido interpreter comes across a section of code that it does not understand , it
while still a teenager , she learned dutch and portuguese and like her uncle , worked as an interpreter .
from 1979 to 1989 he was the dalai lama 's chief interpreter into english and he played a significant role in the development of the free tibet movement .
carlo buti ( florence , 14 november 1902 - montelupo fiorentino , 16 november 1963 ) was an italian interpreter of popular and folk music .
in 1824 bojer was sent to africa as an interpreter .
in 1994 , berkeley graduate students andrew yu and jolly chen replaced the ingres - based quel query language interpreter with one for the sql query language , creating postgres95 .
kashiwagi worked at the buddhist headquarters in san francisco for almost eight years as a translator and interpreter , english secretary and editor .
in 1806 , he settled on mohawk land at st. regis ; he became fluent in the language and became an interpreter in the indian department .
the book reveals much about this playwright 's relationship to director john dexter ( who had been the earliest , near - familial interpreter of wesker 's works ) , to criticism , to casting , and to the ephemeral process of collaboration through which the text of any play must pass .
at this point pizarro decided to send a friar , vicente de valverde , along with an interpreter ( felipillo ) to speak with atahualpa .
in steven spielberg 's " amistad " , he gave memorable support to djimon hounsou 's cinque as interpreter ens .
on the basis of the output of python 's interactive interpreter , text can be mixed with tests that exercise the library , showing expected results .
it is the language or languages from which the interpreter works .
from 2001 - 02 he also worked as a spanish / english medical interpreter with the in washington , dc .
his most recent film appearances include a major role in " the interpreter " ( 2005 ) in which he played the fictitious dictator edmond zuwanie .
andrew montour ( c. 1720–1772 ) , also known as henry montour , sattelihu , and eghnisara , was an important métis interpreter and negotiator in the virginia and pennsylvania backcountry in the 1750s and 1760s .
he remained though a popular interpreter of arab - andalusian music and judeo - arab songs and a champion of the pied - noir in france .
if it were not for the development of the chip-48 interpreter , chip-8 would not be as well known today .
with company i , he engaged in two major battles in the region , at cabin creek near vinita and at honey springs near muskogee , yet because of his significant bilingual skills and legal experience , his superiors assigned him to the post of acting interpreter at fort gibson .
it consists of a compiler and interpreter , which are both written in normal , sequential pascal ( iso level 1 standard pascal ) .
he served as interpreter when presidents porfirio díaz and william howard taft met in 1909 on the international bridge between ciudad juárez and el paso .
brian cantwell smith 's 1982 doctoral dissertation introduced the notion of computational reflection in programming languages , and the notion of the meta - circular interpreter as a component of 3-lisp .
it is a shell builtin of the command line interpreter codice_2 .
one year later autshumato applied for and received permission to again live and work near the dutch settlement , resuming his role as an interpreter .
in " the adventure of the greek interpreter " , holmes claims that his great - uncle was vernet , the french artist .
fray miguel de san jose considers him a most finished theologian ; merlin a prudent student and faithful interpreter of the church fathers , and kleutgen and menendez - pelayo think that he combined positive historic theology with scholastic theology , in a manner not achieved by any of the theologians who preceded him .
video remote interpreting however , can either be provided for persons in the same location , or different locations , as long as the parties can see or hear the interpreter respectively , and vice versa .
in 1979 , he served as the dalai lama 's interpreter during his first teaching tour in the west , during which he lectured in switzerland and greece before making his way to the united states for his first visit there .
his use of language and special ability to think and act very quickly made him a popular figure in the turkish football society , as he took his place as the interpreter of the turkish national football team in uefa euro 2008 .
he left for france in 1917 , where he served for several years as an interpreter .
they remained in touch , despite the language barrier , maurice 's teenaged korean - american grandson serving as interpreter .
" i have never regarded mr. cole as an extremely fine interpreter — more as a sound general utility man .
in october 1867 he was an interpreter during negotiations for the medicine lodge treaty .
the ruby interpreter and libraries are distributed disjointedly ( dual licensed ) under the free and open source licenses gpl and ruby license .
as an admirer of the late lumumba , guevara declared that his " murder should be a lesson for all of us . " guevara , with limited knowledge of swahili and the local languages was assigned a teenage interpreter freddy ilanga .
benen is described as patrick 's psalm - singer , and may also have at first acted as his interpreter .
interpreter accreditation is also available for south african sign language .
he figured somewhat conspicuously in the historic bear flag revolt as interpreter for the contending force .
or , later known as paulo de santa fé , was a well known japanese interpreter from satsuma province .
added to the above , ponselle was a sensitive musician and an imaginative interpreter .
the nyquist programming language and interpreter were written by roger dannenberg at carnegie mellon university , with support from yamaha corporation and ibm .
he is especially known as an interpreter of chopin and karol szymanowski .
harthan suggests the designs for these may have been sketched by rene himself for barthélemy to execute : " the faithful interpreter of the king 's exalted ideas , an inseparable , discreet companion and the effective partner , perhaps , in joint artistic enterprises " .
alternatively , computer programs may be executed with the aid of an interpreter , or may be embedded directly into hardware .
on completing his work in antwerp in 1572 lefevre returned to france where he soon obtained the post of secretary and interpreter to the duke of alençon .
initially , the move was a step away from management but as an interpreter mourinho earned robson 's respect and friendship .
there , he befriended rajah calambu the chieftain of limasawa , who guided him to cebu . communicating through his interpreter , enrique
for more than five decades he was the conductor and artistic director of manhattan 's village light opera group with " opera news " describing him as " authoritative interpreter of american operetta and the works of gilbert and sullivan " .
since 1989 , he has acted as the french interpreter for the dalai lama .
symbolics asked to use the lisp interpreter , and stallman agreed to supply them with a public domain version of his work .
regardless of how the user program is loaded , execution starts by interpreting initial user bytecode with the spin interpreter running in the primary cog .
a follow - up project to psyco is pypy , which incorporates an interpreter and a compiler that can generate c , improving its cross - platform compatibility over psyco .
john eaton is a musician , historian , educator and interpreter of jazz and american popular music .
bill porter ( born october 3 , 1943 ; an american author who translates under the name red pine ) is an acclaimed translator and interpreter of chinese and sanskrit texts , primarily buddhist , including poetry and sutras .
he was assigned an interpreter at the military detainment camp at guantanamo bay , cuba .
these limitations had to be enforced for all basicode programs to guarantee platform independence , because the bascoder was interpreted by the same computer specific basic interpreter as the basicode program itself .
in one instance , an ewondo interpreter fired a gun during a dispute with a german , an offence punishable with a stiff prison sentence .
while serving in india in the army of the east india company which he had joined at the age of sixteen , he learned hindustani and persian , and obtained an appointment as interpreter at surat in 1822 .
going through an interpreter will slow the process , and also increase the chance of miscommunication .
a huffman - threaded interpreter locates subroutines using an index table or tree of pointers that can be navigated by the huffman code .
gcad3d is a 3d cad cam application that features an integrated 3d opengl viewer , a program interpreter for geometry and nc - commands in 3d , an integrated nc - processor , and a programming interface for user programs .
in this case , the u.s. supreme court ruled that the district must pay for an interpreter for a deaf child wishing to attend a private catholic school .
sablevm is a clean room implementation of java bytecode interpreter implementing the java virtual machine specification , second edition .
i decided to write an interpreter for the new scripting language i had been thinking about lately : a descendant of abc that would appeal to unix / c hackers .
the bitmap characters are transferred directly into the interpreter 's font cache , thus saving space in the printer 's memory .
daniel meyer and gary kay of southwest technical products arranged for robert uiterwyk to provide his 4 k basic interpreter program for the 6800 microprocessor .
in the 1980s it was standard industry practice to bundle a basic interpreter with microcomputers , even though the pcw was primarily a wordprocessor for business use .
bacher supposes that issi ben aqabya was the brother of hananiah ben aqabya , the interpreter ( " meturgeman " ) of judah ha - nasi .
the chinese classics contain various words meaning " interpreter ; translator " , for instance , " sheren " 舌人 ( lit .
on november 26 , 1608 , peter wynne , a member of captain christopher newport 's exploration party to the villages of the eastern siouan monacan above the falls of the james river in virginia , wrote a letter to john egerton , informing him that some members of newport 's party believed the pronunciation of the monacans ' language resembled " welch " , which wynne spoke , and asked wynne to act as interpreter .
in 2000 he suggests implementing a emulation - based preservation approach in which emulator specification are expressed as programs and interpreted by an emulator specification interpreter program written for an emulation virtual machine .
choe was an official interpreter in the korean embassies in beijing , and so he also documented colloquial northern chinese languages ( haner ) .
furthermore , in the interpreter / communication center , hearing protest workers received phone calls from businesses , friends and anonymous donations of money , food and paint to help aid the protest .
on february 27 , 2008 , sun microsystems and the university of tokyo announced a joint - research project to implement a virtual machine capable of executing more than one ruby or jruby application on one interpreter .
anytime the compiled code makes a call to code that has not been jitted , the interpreter is called to continue .
on 4 november three soldiers and an interpreter were killed by a car bomb at a check point .
as he explains in his memoir , this is a false identity he created to appear as a citizen of chad in order that he might work in the sudanese refugee camps in chad as an interpreter ( by chad law , only chadian citizens are allowed to work ) .
he also claimed to be an inspired interpreter of the prophets , as the one “ to whom god made known all the mysteries of the words of his servants the prophets ”
his brother stephen served as the ojibwe interpreter at fort snelling for the 1837 treaty .
it makes the pic a standalone computer with an interpreter , compiler , assembler and multitasker .
he is best remembered todays as the first interpreter of the czech national anthem , " kde domov můj ? " ( where is my home ? ) which he performed in its premiere in 1834 .
the long filename system allows a maximum length of 255 utf-16 characters , including spaces and non - alphanumeric characters ( excluding the following characters , which have special meaning within the command interpreter or the operating system kernel : \ / : * ? "
she speaks spanish fluently , and as such is sometimes utilized as an interpreter , but her inability to take her job seriously lead to her making countless mistakes in the field .
wps is a language interpreter able to process the language of sas and produce similar results .
in that same year she undertook a study trip to france , staying in paris and dijon , where she trained to be an interpreter .
roberts agreed to distribute the interpreter .
he was chaplain to the duchess of berry and the king 's secretary - interpreter in slavonic and russian .
he is considered perhaps the greatest interpreter of henrik ibsen 's peer gynt " , having played the part numerous times ( he even performed excerpts from the play as late as the 2002 winter olympic games in salt lake city ) .
for more than ten years it has been written and maintained by mark hessling , who along with being the original author of the is also a maintainer of regina , an open source rexx interpreter that has been ported to most unix platforms .
karl petersen ( interpreter , joined at upernavik )
a compiled interpreter script written in ppl was called ppe ( pcboard programming executable ) .
" he did not regard the printed notes of the score as a final statement , but rather as so many symbols of an imaginative conception , ever changing and always to be felt and realised subjectively ... not since nikisch , of whom he was a disciple , has a greater personal interpreter of orchestral and opera music than furtwängler been heard . "
he argued that columba 's use of an interpreter was explicable as his preaching to the picts would have conducted in latin and rather than reflecting any difference between the irish and pictish languages .
unlike characters in numerous other stories of the interpreter of maladies collection , lilia , as an indian american , experiences no trouble in fitting in and assuming an american identity .
in consecutive interpreting ( ci ) , the interpreter speaks after the source - language speaker has finished speaking .
he worked as a slave , and interpreter for the spaniards .
the client side of a ywait - based application relies only on the yoix interpreter and is thus platform independent , running wherever java runs .
yes , he was an interpreter of other peoples’ songs , just as pavarotti is , or billie holiday was .
in her role as arbitrator , the envoys were not admitted to her presence ; an interpreter conveyed their messages to her and reported her pronouncements ..
the u.s. government was to " build five comfortable houses for each tribe , break up of land , fence of land , furnish a farmer , blacksmith , teacher , interpreter , provide agricultural implements , furnish livestock " and a host of other small items .
it was during the post - war period that roudakoff served as the russian interpreter for then - chief of staff of the u.s. army and military governor dwight d. eisenhower ’s to marshal georgi zhukov , and various other military , civilian officials .
movies of 2005 deemed to have had " strong moral messages " included ' , " madagascar " , " dreamer " , " march of the penguins " , " charlie and the chocolate factory " , " robots " , " the greatest game ever played " , " pride and prejudice " , " batman begins " , " millions " , " the interpreter " , " the ninth day " , " cinderella man " , and " downfall " .
" when his wife reported to him that his interpreter 's wife had boasted of her own husband 's greatness , r. abbahu simply said , " what difference does it make which of us is really the greater , so long as through both of us heaven is glorified ? " ( sotah , 40a ) .
the case of mohamed yousry has attracted less interest than that of lynne stewart , but in many ways is more significant , since he was a court - appointed interpreter and translator following the lead of a court - appointed attorney , and his only " crime " was to translate a letter as part of his duties .
hugs ( " haskell user 's gofer system " ) , also hugs 98 , is a bytecode interpreter for the functional programming language haskell .
if worn , a name tag may be placed just above the bsa strip and interpreter , varsity , and venture strips if worn , or on the flap of the right pocket if no lodge insignia is used .
romica puceanu (; 1928 - 1996 ) was a romani singer and interpreter from romania .
the englishman bray acted as interpreter .
after protracted negotiations with qiting , most of which de lagrené entrusted to his interpreter joseph - marie callery , the daoguang emperor issued an edict on february 1846 , which legalized the practice of christianity in china .
bolcoff lived with and traveled with alta california 's governor pablo vicente de solá , acting as an interpreter .
in such systems , the rule interpreter , or inference engine , cycles through two steps : matching production rules against the database , followed by selecting which of the matched rules to apply and executing the selected actions .
this can reduce the umpires ' role to interpreter of the data produced by the agent , or obviate the need for an umpire altogether .
the others mentioned in the poem are rabbi chutzpis the interpreter ( so named , because he would interpret the words of the rosh yeshiva - the head of the yeshiva - for the masses , who could not follow all his words ) ; rabbi elazar ben shamua ; rabbi hanina ben hakinai ; rabbi yesheivav the scribe ; rabbi yehuda ben damah ; and rabbi judah ben baba .
the focal interpreter was written in very tight assembly language and typically used only 3 k 12-bit words , leaving a somewhat limiting 1 k words to hold the user program , and variables .
apple employees , including randy wigginton , adapted microsoft 's interpreter for the apple ii and added several features .
this drew protests from as far away as the uk : " to give her a place in the final and immediately afterwards snatch it away was dishonourable , unjust , heartless and cruel ... the purpose of the tangomarkkinat is to find the best interpreter of tango .
ru taren continued to be a prolific coder , producing more than one million lines of c code ; 100,000 lines of pascal ( including implementing a smalltalk compiler in rutgers pascal ) ; a 100,000 line lisp interpreter in macro-10 assembly language ; 20,000 lines of fortran for the biological structure project ; 100,000 lines of lisp for the skandha anatomical visualization system ; and two complete c compilers ( in c ) .
as a teacher of adult amateur naturalists , she saw her role as an interpreter of scientific data for the layman , and has taken to writing books and popular articles .
to get back on his feet financially larson began working as an interpreter and foreman at a newly - opened gold mine near the city of kiakta on the border of mongolia and siberia .
like other influential cognitive architectures ( including soar , clarion , and epic ) , the act - r theory has a computational implementation as an interpreter of a special coding language .
because of their ties to the valerii flacci , troucillus or another member of his family might have traveled with flaccus as interpreter or liaison .
the following example illustrates how cpu simulation can be accomplished by an interpreter .
metapost refers to both a programming language and the interpreter of the metapost programming language .
in 1957 , he became an interpreter for the northern nigeria government on saudi arabia matters .
a contemporary anecdote in the mit student paper " the tech " may give some indication of his manner and personality : " the lounge " [ a column in the paper ] secured the services of mr. derby as interpreter , and thus equipped sought an audience with professor despradelles .
margelov has worked as an interpreter in the international department of the central committee , communist party of the soviet union , taught arabic at the higher school of the ussr state security committee , and was senior editor of the arab section in the tass news agency .
from aleppo , niles and sutherland traveled by rail to mardin , arriving there on 3 july 1919 , where they engaged osman ruhi , a turkish medical student , as their interpreter .
as the original language was held in immutable rom , it generally was difficult for a toolkit to directly extend the language , except by adding new keywords to perform functions not implemented by the original interpreter .
she speaks only japanese , so she is unable to verbally communicate with largo without an interpreter , although she has had some success directly influencing him nevertheless ( see strips and ) .
from the 1990s , jamelão , da mangueira , has criticized the traditional term , seeking to replace it with a new terminology : interpreter of samba - plot .
cadds-2/vlsi included a new operating system , a 32-bit database , and user expandability through a dedicated programming language called icpl ( integrated circuit programming language ) , which was a dialect of basic , based on an interpreter licensed from fairchild semiconductor .
lee plotted to take the leader of the rebellious bastard leinster geraldines , walter reagh , but the plot was betrayed by lee 's wife , who had been an interpreter in negotiations with the rebels .
when an expression of the form codice_30 is evaluated , a special " continuation " object is constructed , representing the state of the interpreter at that moment .
he has worked as interpreter in various international conferences and translates from french and hindi and english and vice versa .
basic statements are expected to be entered in capital letters , and while the operator can press cmd2 to use lowercase , the basic interpreter will convert non - comment keywords into uppercase .
his work was not just that of a translator , as he was also the designated interpreter of the writings , and his translations are used as a standard for current translations of the bahá'í writings .
other faculty members , including mitch wand and christopher haynes , started contributing and turned " the hitchhiker 's guide to the meta - universe " -- as kohlbecker had called it -- into the systematic , interpreter and transformation - based survey that it is now .
the compute tasks are written in c++ and connected to the interpreter via the " software bus " .
the user interface was usually only a basic interpreter coupled to a character - based screen or line editor , with applications performing all other os duties themselves .
emas had several advanced ( for the time ) features , including dynamic linking , multi - level storage , an efficient scheduler , a separate user - space kernel ( ' director ' ) , a user - level shell ( ' basic command interpreter ' ) , and a memory - mapped file architecture .
they resisted strongly , but the australian in the party was killed and myers was captured along with the malay interpreter of the group .
in 1645 , kieft tried to mend relations with the indians and asked van der donck to assist as a guide and interpreter .
during an abstract dream - like sequence , andrei sees himself as the madman and has visions of his wife , the interpreter and the madonna as being all one and the same .
the duml specification itself is generic and not tied directly to html based applications and therefore can be used with any xml / dom based user interface language as long as the client supports a language in which an interpreter can be implemented .
in an attempt to create a hybrid empire , cortés has taken emperor moctezuma 's daughter and heiress , the notorious tecuichpo ( elpidia carrillo ) , as his new mistress and interpreter .
blessed frowin of bellevaux , formerly the travelling companion and interpreter of bernard of clairvaux , became the first abbot of salem .
he also visited paris as the stage manager and interpreter for an english company .
the built - in rom - resident " bbc basic " programming language interpreter was by far the most sophisticated of its time , and wholly supported the machine 's educational focus .
the interpreter is written in modula-3 , and provides obliq with full access to modula-3 's network objects capabilities .
finding him very intelligent and with the ability to speak english and knowing that there was need for an interpreter between the new england colonizers and the indians , dermer had no difficulty in persuading tisquantum to assume this role .
if you did not have the fpp-8 , the runtime code would instead call an fpp-8 interpreter running on the pdp-8 cpu , so the program would still run , but at considerably reduced speed .
poinsett was compelled to assume the role of interpreter between the deaf livingston and the aged necker whose lack of teeth made his speech almost incomprehensible .
the interpreter is designed to used interactively .
on 2 september 2008 , donaldson rescued an interpreter under heavy enemy fire in oruzgan province during operation slipper , the australian contribution to the war in afghanistan .
in 1655 , fran participed on a diplomatic mission to moscow , in his personal diary account he noted that the russian tzar alexis i of russia , was very happy that one of the leading envoys was of slavic descent ( " od slovinskoga iesika " ) so that he could speak his own language without the use of interpreter .
in unix scripting ( typically for unix shell or perl ) , " ! " is usually used after a " # " in the first line of a script , the interpreter directive , to tell the os what program to use to run the script .
the name " shell " for a command line interpreter and the concept of making the shell a user program outside of the operating system kernel were introduced in unix 's precursor multics .
after a short period in bengal to secure the publication of his " memoirs of the afghan campaign " , he returned to kabul in charge of recruits , and became interpreter to general mountstuart elphinstone .
on august 1 , 2005 , an ambush killed 6 united states marine snipers , ( who were operating in two two - man teams with an additional marine per team for security ) in the city ; on august 3 , a roadside bomb killed another 14 marines and their interpreter .
as dylan would later acknowledge in his autobiography , " chronicles " , he would regain his powers as a vocalist and an interpreter during these tours as he revisited his own back catalog of songs .
when an interpreter finds an codice_3 , it expects a boolean condition - for example , codice_4 , which means " the variable x contains a number that is greater than zero " - and evaluates that condition .
the school 's principal , dr. gilbert , becomes uncooperative when warrick and sara question her via an interpreter ; she is able to read lips and takes offense .
some of the college 's top majors include nursing , education of the deaf and hard - of - hearing , criminal justice , social work and the interpreter training program .
thien ’s alternating roles as presidential personal interpreter and press secretary , journalist and professor provided him with a platform for critical commentary on political events as well as the advocacy of the ideals he thought the country should uphold : traditional confucian values which he considered to have universal and perennial value and basic to the good functioning of a society , namely : service to community , respect of traditions , honesty and faithfulness to recognized and honourable freely elected leaders .
if the interpreter is not a regular member of the interrogator 's forces , a recording , which can be reviewed by a staff linguist , can be an important part of quality control .
movies in which the headquarters buildings are major settings include " north by northwest " , " the interpreter " , " live and let die " , " the art of war " , " u.s. marshals " , ' , " the glass wall " , " the second renaissance " , " the peacemaker " , " thirteen days " , " in the loop " and disney 's 1975 animated film " the rescuers " .
when a deaf person signs , an interpreter will render the meaning expressed in the signs into the spoken language for the hearing party , which is sometimes referred to as voice interpreting or " voicing " .
hebrew makes a distinction between מתרגם ( " metargem " ) - referring to a translator of written texts - and מתורגמן ( " meturgeman " ) referring to an interpreter of spoken conversation or speeches .
as of 2007 the algae interpreter appears to be unmaintained , with the source code and distribution web site last updated in 2004 .
cecil henry meares ( 1877–1937 ) was the chief dog handler and russian interpreter on the terra nova expedition , the british expedition to antarctica that took place from 1910 to 1913 .
the began in 1988 with seed from agriculture canada that was sent to 1870s historic site , b.c. chief interpreter wanted to plant the varieties of wheat that might have been milled at the grist mill during the 1880s .
verve music group president / ceo bruce resnikoff told " billboard " , " the album she is working on will show many new sides to her talents as an interpreter and a songwriter , and show everyone just how special she is . "
pedris and the rich pedris family of both the british and their shinlaies henchmen , led by sir solomon dias bandaranike the maha mudaliyar ( chief native interpreter and adviser to the governor ) culminated in false charges being drawn up against capt .
his filmography includes roles in " the interpreter " , " friday after next " , and " dragonfly " .
john west iii accompanied his mother to act as interpreter at meetings to end bacon 's rebellion , and helped conclude the treaty with the english .
mr. and mrs. das ask the good - natured mr. kapasi about his job as a tour guide , and he tells them about his weekday job as an interpreter in a doctor ’s office .
its basic interpreter , called smartbasic , was largely compatible with applesoft basic , which meant that many type - in programs from computer books and magazines would work with the adam with little or no modification .
after the japanese surrender , shinozaki was captured but did not remain long in the internment camp in jurong . because so many survivors in singapore vouched for his exemplary behaviour that the british roped him in to help the british field security force and during the war crimes trials as interpreter and prosecution witness .
mr. melas , a greek interpreter , tells a rather unnerving experience to mycroft holmes , who like his brother sherlock holmes , is remarkably endowed with powers of observation and deduction .
the compiler emitted bytecode that is appended to an interpreter to create a stand alone executable .
the interpreter then attempts to explicate the meaning of a symbolic formation with the help of the rules according to which the author must have produced it …
also , it had elements from " a study in scarlet " , " the sign of four " , " the boscombe valley mystery " and " the adventure of the greek interpreter " .
in february 2005 , audrey tang began work on pugs , a perl 6 interpreter written in haskell .
benedict was chosen to accompany him as an interpreter because he had also acquired a knowledge of the old east slavic language and the first part of their journey was to kiev .
the ibm 550 numerical interpreter was the first commercial machine made by ibm that read numerical data punched on cards and printed it across the top of each card .
in computing , a command is a directive to a computer program acting as an interpreter of some kind , in order to perform a specific task .
' as an interpreter of chopin he created a certain style of rendering the composer 's works which found many imitators .
he also published many books , including " memorial of the reverend william honywood riply " ( 1849 ) , " shakespeare the seer — the interpreter " ( 1864 ) , " truth 's resurrection " ( 1865 ) , " christian pantheism " ( 1865 ) , " toronto of old " ( 1873 ) , " the four decades of york , upper canada " ( 1884 ) and " a history of the old french fort at toronto " ( 1887 ) .
today ’s blacksmith is more of an interpreter of the past and artist if you will rather than real item .
although rothstein was a convinced opponent of the first world war i , he worked for the foreign and commonwealth office and the british war office as a russian translator and interpreter .
however , the youngest prince , naksau [ kullia ] , being the ecstatic interpreter , confused the upper and the lower when he came to his sense .
instead of basing the command processor on cp / m 's ccp , which was known for some user unfriendliness , a command line interpreter ( command.com ) inspired on its ms - dos counterpart was used .
after working in the early 1980s as a translator , interpreter and press officer in milan , he moved to paris .
long considered " an interpreter " , lewis originally wrote ballads in the late 1960s but refused to perform them in his live performances .
in 1929 at the delius festival under sir thomas beecham , henderson distinguished himself , and was acclaimed by delius as ' the unequalled interpreter of zarathustra in " a mass of life " .
louis was summoned to be a court interpreter , but withdrew after an accusation of mistranslation because of prejudice against the defendant .
the first french translation , of 464 quatrains in prose , was made by j.b. nicolas , chief interpreter at the french embassy in persia in 1867 .
algol 68 g or algol 68 genie is an algol 68 interpreter .
although this mechanism can be used fairly safely with compiled code , the extra step introduced by the interpreter directive provides a window of opportunity for foul play
the dragon comes with a microsoft basic interpreter in 16 k of rom .
it seemed obvious for both patrizio and his parents for him to become an interpreter , and after graduation from school he went on to study slavic languages at university and today he can add fluent polish to his language tool kit .
allowing the interpreter to directly speak to the viewers is usually both cheaper and quicker , however , the translation is not accessible to people who are deaf and hard – of – hearing .
his first contact with racing was at the 1947 french grand prix , where he served as interpreter for british drivers .
interpreter .
she became particularly associated with the works of jules massenet and was an admired interpreter of the title role in bizet 's " carmen " .
novelties in v10 included graphics typesetting tools designed to work with troff , a c interpreter , animation programs , and several tools later found in plan 9 : the mk build tool and the rc shell .
i thus had the strange experience of talking to my own people through an interpreter . "
there is also record of " an interpreter for the gutean language " at adab .
the boy 's mother was sacajawea , who had helped guide the lewis and clark expedition and had acted as an interpreter .
senator teller of the committee enquired of mr. hodge , the interpreter , "
he has also been a leading interpreter of the writings of the german military thinker carl von clausewitz , including preparing the leading translation of " on war " with the american historian peter paret .
the compiler could compile many scalar and vector operations to machine code , but it would rely on the apl interpreter 's services to perform some more advanced functions , rather than attempt to compile them .
an example would be a basic interpreter written in basic .
omai served as an interpreter to cook on both his second and third voyages .
in other cases the hearing interpreted sign may be too pidgin to be understood clearly , and the deaf interpreter might interpret it into a more clear translation .
the composer and the interpreter has combined the different techniques skillful , so they have reached the chamber effect .
as a character actor , pollack appeared in films such as " a civil action " , and " changing lanes " , as well as his own , including " random hearts " and " the interpreter " .
the interpreter originally shipped on an 8 kb cartridge ; on later xl / xe model computers it was built in , with an option to disable it , and started when the machines were booted with no other cartridges in place .
four months later he was stopped , in the bazaar , by an american soldier and his interpreter .
the repl is commonly misnamed an " interpreter " .
in 1998 he landed a pivotal role in steven spielberg 's " saving private ryan " as timothy e. upham , an american gi linguist in normandy , recruited just after d - day by captain john miller ( tom hanks ) to be the interpreter on a dangerous mission to rescue a paratrooper ( matt damon ) .
the scarecrow , then ruler of oz , asks her to act as an interpreter between him and the gillikin jack pumpkinhead , who does not realize that all ozites speak the same language , so jellia " translates " jack 's words as insults .
lispme is an interpreter for the scheme programming language developed by fred bayer for palm os pdas .
the sos loader program loaded and executed the sos.kernel file , which in turn searched for and loaded a file named sos.interp ( the interpreter , or program , to run ) and sos.driver , the set of device drivers to use .
paul benedict arrived as harry bentley , a loyal , kind , friendly british next - door neighbor , who worked as a russian language interpreter at the united nations .
purportedly , barton asked a shawnee interpreter how to say " beautiful " in his native language .
king manuel i authorized a trade mission in 1517 when andrade set sail with 7 cannon - armed merchant vessels with a muslim interpreter on june 17 , 1517 .
as it takes the form of a language interpreter , ghostscript can also be used as a general purpose programming environment .
he later joined the public service under the colonial british government as a court interpreter .
additionally , he 's also " a translator , an interpreter , a conductor , and a ballet dancer articulating choreographed steps " ( harris ) .
atari basic is a basic interpreter for the atari 8-bit family of 6502-based home computers .
clah 's grandson , william beynon , served as interpreter and facilitator and went on to become a renowned ethnographic fieldworker in his own right .
as a vanguard interpreter and a cultured singer , babbini endeavoured to look for « peoples’ customs and heroes’ vicissitudes » , and just in the venetian première of cimarosa ’s " oriazi " he went on the stage wearing historical costume , « which the audience remained so much satisfied with , that thenceforth theatres turned it into an invariable standard » ” .
34 basic was an interpreter for the 34 midrange computer .
the npl interpreter evaluates the list of generators from left to right so conditions can mention any bound variables that occur to their left .
she was told that signing the consent order was necessary for anna mae to obtain health insurance and the interpreter testified that she signed the order believing custody to be temporary .
in autumn 1917 , he was reclaimed by france as an interpreter for the british army .
he was also the spanish interpreter for late president chiang kai - shek and chiang ching - kuo .
hicks served as interpreter to u.s. agent return jonathan meigs , acted as treasurer for the cherokee nation , and fought against the creek red sticks in the 1814 battle of horseshoe bend .
prominent critic of strauss shadia drury says that strauss believed that dissembling and deception " is the peculiar justice of the wise " , and while plato believed that his noble lie was based on a moral good , " strauss thinks that the superiority of the ruling philosophers is an intellectual superiority and not a moral one ( natural right and history , p. 151 ) . " and then as she puts it : " strauss is the only interpreter who gives a sinister reading to plato , and then celebrates him . "
