in response karpan shuts off the area and prepares to release sulphuric gasses , intending to suffocate them all .
the era specifically includes homeworkers , for example , a person who buys material from a provider to make shirts at home and then sells the shirts back to the provider , and persons intending to work , that is , those who have accepted a job offer but not yet started working .
in 1956 , knorr and john fetzer led an ownership group intending to acquire the tigers and briggs stadium from the briggs family .
it ran to ninety - four volumes , folio and quarto , consisting chiefly of extracts of records from the exchequer , the patent and close rolls in the tower , the cottonian library , the archives of canterbury and westminster , and the library of corpus christi college , cambridge ; all that madox had transcribed himself , intending them as materials for a " feudal history of england " from the earliest times .
in or around 1914 , he took out a life insurance policy , then stood for hours in a cold pond , apparently fishing , but in fact intending to commit slow suicide , according to reich and his brother , robert .
ibm in india is not just a global delivery organization intending to tap into the vastly skilled & low cost manpower availability , it is also a big player in the domestic it market .
contract workers , intending to return home after their stint on the island , often became ill while working on the construction of the railway ; though they survived to board ships back to china , many died en route .
he then jumps off of the train , leaving the luggage in the seat that he was intending to sit in on board the train .
intending to live up to sexual stereotypes may lead to frustration .
the letter that moore intending on giving to the governor was later found and never delivered to the governor of alabama .
the mutineers believed that zhang was not intending to pardon them , and instead supported zhu kerong 's father zhu hui to serve as the acting military governor .
in early december , a spanish force commanded by hugo de moncada landed near genoa , intending to interfere in a conflict between pro - valois and pro - habsburg factions in the city .
the duke was now charged chiefly with bearing arms against france in the late war , and with intending to take part in the new coalition then proposed against france — these latter charges were more accurate than the original ones ; the argument is whether or not his actions were sufficiently severe to merit execution .
jonathan comes to thom 's house intending to transform him into a vampire but damian , fresh from feeding , destroys him .
with her guns suddenly silenced during the turn , the rangefinders on " malaya " discovered what the italians had been intending to avoid , that her rounds were falling 2,700 yards short of " giulio cesare " and they had been watching " warspites rounds .
frustrated at no mobile phone service , battle immediately starts off walking to find a phone , intending to leave casey with the car .
in 2008 , she resumed her studies , intending to conclude her high school education .
after receiving a mysterious letter from an unknown source , giuliano led his remaining men on a raid to the mountain pass " portella della ginestra " on may 1 , intending to capture sicily 's most prominent communist , girolamo li causi .
makhoul reversed the ford out of the driveway , and his wife started the engine of the honda , intending to pick up their twin children from school .
transposition to a dutch defense is also possible after 1.nc3 f5 2.d4 , but keilhack considers 2.e4 ! more dangerous , intending 2 ...
in 1982 , the sarnia eaton centre opened in downtown , intending to revitalize the city centre .
the company was formed by carlo chiti and giotto bizzarrini , among others - intending for it to be a direct competitor to ferrari both on the race track and on the street .
he completed his bachelor of arts degree in history at the university of rochester , where he starred in student dramatic performances such as " bye bye birdie " and , after initially intending to go on to study law , instead decided to forego his future legal career in favor of pursuing drama .
despite their best efforts , ringo is captured by foot , who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring .
it is a focus that is studied by individuals that are intending to work in the hospitality industry , examples of which are ; hotels , resorts , casinos , restaurants , and events .
when it became apparent the army would soon leave the city for home , members met on may 26 to determine the future of the club , electing officers for a term to end september 14 , 1852 , intending a reunion of members on or before that date at the united states military academy at west point , new york .
during his last years , in a bid to retain power , empress taitu intrigued against his choice , intending to substitute either her daughter " leult " zauditu or her daughter 's husband " ras " gugsa welle for " lij " iyasu .
he joined the royal marines in 1947 , intending to transfer , and enjoyed royal marine service so much that he spent the next 36 years in the corps .
yuchi , however , was able to persuade them that li shimin was in fact intending on acting against li jiancheng and li yuanji , and so fang and du put on disguises as taoist monks and were able to get to li shimin 's mansions , where they assisted li shimin in planning the ambush against li jiancheng and li yuanji .
originally intending to prove their innocence , stern and radosh came to believe that the rosenbergs had been guilty of spying for the soviet union .
they seek the cosmic treadmill , intending for bart to use the machine to send them home .
meanwhile , digimortal goes on with concerts to support the release of " irreversibility " and in parallel the band is intending to come to a studio soon to have the tracks for their second album recorded .
a wild child , one famous story of bobby 's childhood involves going for a swim in the river suir . intending to dry himself off
bacchides led an army of 20,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry into judea intending to reconquer this now independent kingdom .
henschel and his associate karl heinrich gutzlaff disembarked in recife in may 1866 , intending to create a photographic studio on imperador street , number 38 .
after his victory , gallienus left marcianus in place and hastily left for italy , intending to suppress the revolt of his cavalry officer aureolus .
for phenomenology , an object is always intended , and constituted , as meaningful by a particular intending subject from a particular orientation and from a particular perspectival viewing point .
microsoft has published a blog entry with " twenty questions ( and answers ) " on windows vista content protection , intending to refute some of gutmann 's arguments .
when hurricane hugo affected puerto rico , " centros sor isolina ferré " cultivated 10,000 trees in a greenhouse , intending to help the government deal with the deforestation left by the storm .
he was born in livorno to a middle class family and was intending to study at the university there , when he substituted for an actor in the calloud theatre company who had become ill .
the sack of philippopolis invigorated decius , who intercepted several parties of germans , and repaired and strengthened his fortifications along the danube , intending to oppose cniva ’s forces .
rhogog is a great old one and was born when cthulhu 's blood was spilt upon the ground during a clash between cthulhu and his half - brother hastur , hinted to have occurred around great britain or ireland . intending to use the blood for some unnamed purpose , several star - spawn put an entity into his spilt blood , an entity which would ensure that the blood would never be harmed .
his administration had to deal with a wave of protests ( middle - class cacerolazos and unemployed piqueteros ) , and did so with a relatively tolerant policy , intending to minimize violence .
the critiques from such a point of view are extensive and include , " hate crime law sets up the state as protector , intending to deflect our attention from the violence it perpetrates , deploys , and sanctions .
then , anticipating the motor cycle boom and intending to have a stake in it , the aermacchi chiefs looked for a good designer who could produce an attractive lightweight .
in 1752 she retired from paris , intending to remain in the country , but she was persuaded by her friends to return .
a few u.s .- based media wrongly speculated that she was intending to wear the version of the iranian flag that predated the 1979 islamic revolution in iran .
hu nim was to take this route in 1955 : intending to become a customs officer , he studied at the customs school and law school in paris , travelling several hours every day by metro to get to his place of study . amongst the expatriate community
go ! co - operative ltd. , formed in 2009 , is aiming to be the first co - operatively owned train operating company in the uk , and is initially intending to provide enhanced cross country connections in somerset and wiltshire , integrating their rail services with light rail , bus links and car pools , enabling outlying communities to access these services .
as they approach a klingon spaceport intending to hijack a ship , they meet up with kirk , spock , and mccoy , who had intended to rescue the cadet .
white plays 9.d3 intending to later advance to d4 under favorable circumstances .
during the secret empire 's ' attack ' on the white house , he claimed that he could not defeat their plans , intending to discourage resistance from the public .
coláiste moibhí was a preparatory school in the republic of ireland providing irish - language instruction for protestant girls intending to proceed to train as primary schoolteachers .
in the 19th century , the josephite fathers of the roman catholic church were created under the patronage of joseph , intending to work with the poor .
just like guam before it , this forum is largely seen as intending to counteract russian influence in the area .
the roman general entrenched himself in his camp , and made the galli believe that he was afraid and was intending to slip away by night .
winchester tried to make some fast money by buying up army scrip at a discount , intending to trade it in and keep the difference as his profit , but was outwitted by pierce and hunnicutt .
any person residing and intending to continue to reside in this state who goes outside the state and there contracts a marriage prohibited or declared void under the laws of this state . "
almost immediately after its independence , armenia was embroiled in the nagorno - karabakh war with neighboring azerbaijan . intending to establish a force of 30,000 men , the army 's standing force increased to 50,000 by early 1994 .
in 447 , two more plots intending to make liu yikang emperor occurred , and emperor wen sent messengers to liu yikang , notifying him that he might be further moved to guang province ( 廣州 , modern guangdong and guangxi ) .
grant subsequently withdrew his support for a major attack by hooker on lookout mountain , intending the mass of his attack to be by sherman .
upon learning this , dmitri loads a cart full of food and wine and pays for a huge orgy to finally confront grushenka in the presence of her old flame , intending all the while to kill himself at dawn .
when the ufos were next to coruche , the big one suddenly descended and then climbed very quickly , intending to cross the pilots way , in a way that they could see the big ufo passing through them , as the smaller ones disappeared .
he rushes back to leo , intending to take revenge .
he went to bed early , intending on an early start the next morning on the ship 's squash courts .
madero became president in november 1911 , and , intending to reconcile the nation , appointed a cabinet which included many of porfirio díaz 's supporters .
the massive counterfeiting has prompted the creation of a website with information for consumers intending to purchase north face items online in 2004 .
section 3 provides that a person who has anything in his custody or under his control intending without lawful excuse to use it or cause or permit another to use it
in the lead up to the second world war , due to the classification of iron as a strategic material the commonwealth of australia placed an embargo on the export of ore . the export embargo was lifted in december 1960 and competition to develop the mine commenced in earnest with the government intending to issue an export license for ore mined at the site .
gao yang set up his headquarters in jinyang , intending to control the military , and in spring 550 , gao yang had emperor xiaojing create him the prince of qi commandery -- a slightly lesser title than the one that his brother declined before his death .
the doctor , intending to take rose to an elvis presley concert in new york city , mislands the tardis in muswell hill , london on the day before the coronation of queen elizabeth ii .
langheld became ill , intending to meet emin pasha in bokuba but joined charles stokes , lt .
the board had proposed enclosing it with iron posts and railings intending to turn the area into a park rather than a recreation ground for all to enjoy sports and games freely , and in particular aimed to restrict horse - riding .
due to lack of manpower on the english side , a " breach and storm " of the city could not be managed , so the town was completely surrounded , with the english intending to starve out the defenders .
at the same time , the french sailed from fort caroline , intending to attack st. augustine from the sea .
watts responded by invading the holston area with one of the largest indian forces ever seen in the region , over one thousand cherokee and muskogee , plus a few shawnee , intending to attack knoxville itself .
the appointed lieutenant governor james stirling arrived in cockburn sound on 2 june aboard the hired transport barque " parmelia " with his family and other intending settlers , numbering 69 in all , to establish a colony at the swan river in western australia .
mabel attended miss doremus school , and studied voice and piano , intending to give small concerts and teach music , while making the social rounds in a circle of friends that included the vanderbilts , morgans , wetmores and other elite new york families .
in october 2006 , the x prize foundation established an initiative to promote the development of full genome sequencing technologies , called the archon x prize , intending to award $ 10 million to " the first team that can build a device and use it to sequence 100 human genomes within 10 days or less , with an accuracy of no more than one error in every 100,000 bases sequenced , with sequences accurately covering at least 98% of the genome , and at a recurring cost of no more than $ 10,000 ( us ) per genome . "
bloom also comments in the chapter on " othello " on the duke 's alternating between rhyming verse and prose as a reflection of his expediency , intending to appear moral until he is no longer on show and can attend to the pressing business .
meanwhile , there were rumors at chang'an that zheng zhu was using alchemy to make pills intending to give emperor wenzong immortality — and that such pills required the use of infants ' hearts and livers .
the master 's component of a doctorate program often requires one or two years , and some students , because doctoral programs are better - funded , apply for doctoral programs while only intending to attain a master 's degree .
unable to see the city for the fog , the tartars accuse him of treachery and tie him to a tree , intending to kill him in the morning .
the japanese responded with all - out offensives , intending to destroy the allies in their base areas .
however , some cases of civil contempt have been perceived as intending to harm the reputation of the plaintiff , or to a lesser degree , the judge or the court .
stephens bought lynford hall near thetford in 1856 , intending to develop its with mansion house , parkland and lake as a hunting retreat , and commissioned the architect william burn to refurbish it .
erinor 's dinosaur cavalry move in on what remains of the polypontian empire , fully intending to move on to the icemark afterwards .
while kolchak fought against the bolsheviks intending to eliminate them in the capital of the empire , the local socialists - revolutioners and mensheviks tried to sign a peaceful treaty with bolsheviks , on terms of independence .
in 1519 , at the age of 15 , his parents , intending him to follow his father into the clergy , sent him to the university of cologne , just as the luther affair was on everyone 's tongue .
intending to become a painter , she moved to new york city , where she lived for many years , painting in a small studio in brooklyn , ny and supporting herself as a free - lance editor and copy editor ( glass worked for several years in the copy department of cosmopolitan magazine ) .
will harvey had started development on an apple ii game to be called " campaign " , intending it to be an online multiplayer rpg .
the 2007 game was telecast on nfl network as nbc was intending to televise the china bowl game in beijing , china ( a game which was postponed to 2009 and later canceled ) .
she agrees and it is revealed to the audience that she is sheldrake 's girlfriend , intending to break off their affair that night but is instead charmed by sheldrake to the apartment .
this legend has been widely perpetuated by swiss foreign language teachers intending to play pranks on their students .
meanwhile , in fall 638 , tufan forces , numbering some 200,000 and apparently commanded by songtsän gampo himself , began attacking tang itself , first attacking song prefecture ( 松州 , roughly modern ngawa tibetan and qiang autonomous prefecture , sichuan ) -- but meanwhile sending emissaries to the tang capital chang'an , again offering tributes and declaring that they were intending to welcome a princess .
the schallopp defense ( 3 . nf3 nf6 ) - intending 4.e5 nh5 , holding onto the pawn - is considered somewhat inferior and is rarely played today .
although she began intending to write a book , she published it in installments starting in 1970 as she wrote it , as if it were a newsletter .
lambert gathered soldiers on the borders of the anjou , intending to advance on the river vilaine to join his forces with nominoe .
perhaps scotland 's most bizarre wartime episode occurred in 1941 when rudolf hess flew to renfrewshire , possibly intending to broker a peace deal through the duke of hamilton .
she further explains simply that the nature of her employment for goldfinger is that she 's " a damn good pilot " , intending to negate any notion of any more intimate relationship , and then tells bond " you can turn off the charm .
on july 5 , 2005 , smith micro software announced their acquisition and were intending to expand the new jpeg recompression technique to wireless platforms and other file formats .
he then studied further at university college , dublin and trinity college , dublin . intending to become a minister in the presbyterian church of wales he studied at the united theological college , aberystwyth and graduated bd in 1944 .
for phenomenology , the meaning and the object [ in its " materiality " ] are co - constituted in the intending of the object by the subject - phenomenologically speaking there are only meaningful objects .
baldwin left for the kingdom in france by the end of 1243 , intending to seek support from louis ix of france .
they had not rested in the meantime , defusing jefferson 's plan to kill all the people in the succession via a massive gravitonic bomb planted in a narhani statue ( intending to use his perversion of their gift as a way to blame them ) , and foiling his attempt on jiltanith and horus 's life , at the cost of horus .
brodie also finds out rene is being pursued by his nemesis shannon hamilton ( ben affleck ) , a clothing store manager who hates brodie because of his " lack of a shopping agenda , " and has nefarious plans for rene , intending to seduce her and then have sex ' in a very uncomfortable place ' with her .
he left cuba in august and remained in the caribbean intending to finally head back to the netherlands the following spring .
the ba was established in 2005 through a merger of the " association of brewers " and the " brewers ' association of america " , intending to " promote and protect small and independent american brewers , their craft beers and the community of brewing enthusiasts . "
the chosen one " , he jumps out from behind the safety of the barrier , and is slain , his death becoming the main contributor to ingrid 's anger at the end of the series , when she claims the count 's throne for her own intending to avenge will ’s death .
brigham , intending to accompany phillips , entered his cabin for a moment , when he did he heard the crack of a rifle outside .
in the reign of óláfr haraldsson he had travelled to the holy land intending to visit jerusalem .
dennis had recently " picked up " another woman intending to do the same thing to her , but she got frightened and left him before he could finish .
but by the time spider - man arrives , the goblin appears and tells him that he decided to switch targets , implying that he is intending to kidnap mary jane .
nevertheless , froude was ordained deacon in 1845 , initially intending to help reform the church from within .
in episode 3 of series 2 mitchell has become the new " king " of the vampire group in bristol , hiding evidence of their feedings , recreating their human front and intending to wean them off blood , although his activities are hampered by such problems as ivan- his oldest apparent ' recruit'- being unable to completely forsake blood after so long , forcing him to allow ivan to feed in secret while maintaining his public front .
livewire shatters it , however , with liquid nitrogen , and the parasite drains superman of his powers , but then turns on livewire and does the same to her , intending to keep both of them trapped and alive as a " daily recharge " , as in " feeding time " .
gloster continued with their design work privately intending to use a de havilland h.1 engine instead of the w2/welland .
perseus therefore endeavoured to effect his ruin by his intrigues ; and having failed in accomplishing this by accusing him falsely of an attempt upon his life , he suborned didas , one of philip 's generals , to accuse demetrius of holding treasonable correspondence with the romans , and of intending to escape to them .
he fights with ferocity and often extreme cruelty , rarely intending to kill until his target has been disabled and humiliated , while frequently allowing enemies more than one chance to kill him .
although mit had licensed x6 to some outside groups for a fee , it decided at this time to license x10r3 and future versions under what became known as the mit license , intending to popularize x further and in return , hoping that many more applications would become available .
in may he agreed to a short peace with the burkes , intending to visit court , but on the outbreak of hostilities between turlough luineach o'neill and hugh o'donnell in july , he was ordered to the assistance of o'donnell .
in belgium , couples intending to have a roman catholic wedding as well as a civil marriage register with the parish priest , usually at the bride 's parish .
qf6 ( known as the norwalde variation ) , intending 3 ...
when buffy goes outside to cry , spike walks up intending to shoot her .
francis xavier arrived in japan with three japanese catholic converts intending to start a church in the nagasaki area .
in 420 , liu yu , then at shouyang , was intending to usurp the jin throne , but could not bring himself to say it completely , and so invited his high - level staff to a feast where he talked about his achievements but his intent to retire afterwards .
rté ’s producers and researchers were accused by journalist kevin myers of imposing a liberal agenda , firstly on one another , and later on the airwaves , but without consciously intending to do so .
intending to become an artist , lynch attended classes at corcoran school of art in washington , d.c. while finishing high school in alexandria , virginia .
in 1964 , progressive aero , incorporated of fort lauderdale , florida purchased 3 surplus phantoms , intending to use them to teach civilians how to fly jets .
morocco were intending to take part as well , but had to pull out as their visas were not accepted .
it ’s primary forms seem to be a sense of foreboding at impending danger or threats , the ability to detect other living creatures with some degree of sentient intelligence , the faculty to ascertain if an individual is lying or intending malice , and limited precognition : foreseeing some , though not all , of upcoming future events or challenges .
swayze had written the song a few years earlier with stacy widelitz , originally intending for it to be used in the 1984 film " grandview , u.s.a. "
on the old ringwood market site , qic is intending to considerably expand eastland westward , possibly as an aggresive move against its local competitor : ringwood centro .
in 1917 , the russian empire purchased " foam " and the trawlers " ripple " and " spray " from the bay state fishing company of boston , massachusetts , intending to place them in imperial russian navy service during world war i , but the outbreak of the russian revolution that year prevented the three ships from leaving the united states .
on 24 august joe cahill , seamus twomey , dáithí ó conaill , billy mckee and several other future provisional leaders came together in belfast intending to remove the belfast leadership and turn back to traditional republicanism .
the office was generally held by young men intending to follow the " cursus honorum " to high political office , traditionally after their quaestorship but before their praetorship .
in spring of 1329 cangrande succeeded in obtaining the title of imperial vicar of mantua from the emperor , intending to move against the ruling gonzaga family in that city .
beginning in august 1591 , hues travelled with cavendish again , intending to complete another circumnavigation of the globe .
the 1989 state language law of the mssr declared moldovan , written in the latin script , the sole state language , intending for it to serve as a primary means of communication between all citizens of the republic .
in it , gonnosuke is a boastful and brash warrior who duels musashi intending to see how musashi compares with musashi 's father in swordsmanship .
by the time they reached cybertron unicron had already demolished the planet 's defenses and taken over vector sigma , intending to make cybertron his new body .
intending to specialise in trade union in partnership with sir stafford cripps qc , wynn study law at lincoln 's inn , and was called to the bar in 1939 .
morgaine offers the planet earth 's consciousness in return , intending to replace it with the soul of enigma 's daughter .
in addition to this version , managed by hoverrace.com , another member of the hoverrace community started hoverrace plus , intending to fork the original hoverrace source code .
while confusion overtook " boston " , bompart remained in command of his ship despite heavy casualties and manoeuvred around to the british ship 's stern , intending to finish the battle with a raking broadside .
general buchan advanced his men through badenoch , intending to march down speyside into the duke of gordons country , where he expected to muster additional forces .
sophie , intending to start a new life in florida , reluctantly attends the opening of cora 's new tour at madison square garden , at which alex and cora will debut “
a memorial cross ( sometimes called an intending cross ) is a cross , which was built as memorial to commemorate a special event ; or it may be a simple form of headstone to commemorate the dead .
she was intending to parody those actions of ballplayers which are often caught on camera , but she picked the wrong time to do it , as it appeared to many that she was commenting on the flag and/or the anthem .
the club renamed itself the alberta oilers , intending to represent the whole province , when the calgary broncos ( a fellow wha founding franchise in alberta ) relocated to cleveland , ohio .
björk was intending to have several producers work on the album , but this idea never came to fruition .
during that time , after offering the phoenix to each of his three grown children and being turned down , earle sold the phoenix to another american family intending to sail around the world and gave the $ 20,000 from the sale to the quaker center in exchange for lifetime residency at the center .
15 crew remained behind , intending to wait out the winter if necessary , and they constructed a wooden shelter some distance away .
as the former yugoslavia continued to find its identity as a nation over the last century , the people of bosnia and herzegovina sought stability and new beginnings in the city of chicago many intending to return to their homeland .
it was claimed that the station limits itself to a very specific type of music , and in essence was broadcasting a very limited number of songs dictated from above , intending to " play it safe " .
mustang is later contacted by major general olivier armstrong through an old flower - seller , who reveals that olivier is intending for the " sword " of east area troops under mustang 's command to join with the " shield " of the briggs mountain range troops in order to protect briggs , and wants mustang 's cooperation .
the director answers all of the questions and max drops her , intending to let her die in the fall .
born in 1920 in melbourne , australia , anderson was educated at marlborough college from 1934 to 1938 and matriculated at trinity college , oxford , in 1938 , intending to follow his father and grandfather into the medical profession .
a person who was a british subject on 31 december 1948 , of united kingdom & colonies descent in the male line , and was resident in the uk & colonies ( or intending to be so resident ) was entitled to acquire cukc by declaration under s12(6 ) of the act .
in the early hours of the morning of 22 november , gough ordered a force of cavalry and horse artillery , with a single infantry brigade , to move to the chenab crossing near ramnagar , apparently intending to capture the position by surprise .
meanwhile , yi'nan had heard that emperor taizong was about to offer sacrifices to heaven and earth at mount tai and , believing that the tang troops would all be with emperor taizong , had his son dadu ( 大度 ) launch a major attack on eastern tujue , intending to destroy ashina simo before tang could render aid .
three ships , the " samuel enderby " , " fancy " and " brisk " from britain arrived at port ross with the intending colonists , prefabricated houses and bricks with which to build chimneys .
leaving , and intending to follow libussa to lausanne , von bek meets orkie lochorkie , whose given name is colin james charles , better known as the chevalier de st odhran , an aeronaut , balloonist and confidence trickster .
memorials in the form of a cross are called intending crosses .
however , he announced he would n't return to the team in 1993 , intending instead to focus on curing his gambling addiction .
after the continuation 2 ... nc6 3.nf3 , black may round up the e5-pawn with 3 ... qe7 , intending to meet 4.bf4 with the disruptive 4 ... qb4 + , and ensuring that white 's only way to maintain the extra pawn is to expose the queen with 4.qd5 , but in subsequent play the queen can prove to be awkwardly placed on e7 .
it has an extensive collection of wood - carvings made by kru kam - aye himself and serves as a school to train those intending to become artisans and to provide occupations for the local people .
in january 1992 , the majority leadership claimed that the minority was intending to split from militant .
foreigners need to register when intending to stay longer than 6 months .
he then took the money and placed it in his caracal home , intending to use it to buy a new house .
with the intention of by - passing moray she marched to rutherglen castle meeting loyal supporters and then on a wide circuit past glasgow , intending to move by way of langside , crookston and paisley back towards the river clyde , and then on to dumbarton on the north side of the clyde estuary .
candidates victor yanukovych and yulia tymoshenko both accused the other of intending to use vote rigging to win the election during the election campaign .
a prenuptial agreement , antenuptial agreement , or premarital agreement , commonly abbreviated to prenup or prenupt , is a contract entered into prior to marriage , civil union or any other agreement prior to the main agreement by the people intending to marry or contract with each other .
kjaer - hansen , notes that many jewish writers have assumed that " yeshu " is a correct hebrew name for jesus and have used it without intending any disparagement , but advises against its usage due to its probable origin as a derogatory term .
the focus of hauhau activities shifted south with the battle of moutoa , on the wanganui river , on may 14 , 1864 , in which lower wanganui " kupapa " routed a hauhau war party intending to raid wanganui .
he refrains from killing guo jing on a few occasions when he had the chance to , and feels ashamed of himself for intending to kill a national hero .
the unrest started when economy minister domingo cavallo , introduced restrictions to the withdrawal of cash from bank deposits , intending to stop the draining of deposits that had been taking place throughout 2001 and had reached the point where 25% of all the money in the banks had been withdrawn .
a deleted scene was made showing peter bringing quahog news reporter tricia takanawa home to have sex with , originally intending to make lois watch and then not being able to bring himself to do it , but this scene was deleted and replaced with peter 's wishes to sleep with lois 's mother .
he decided to volunteer for regular service instead , intending to return to the law after the war , and in 1900 was commissioned into the regular dcli , being immediately posted to the 1st battalion in dum dum , india .
a group had returned to earth thousands of years later , but their spacecraft was destroyed and they were forced to settle in wales , ever intending to return to yan .
he studied sports and english studies intending to become a teacher , but his successful career as a musician intervened .
this was considered by some suggestive that he was intending to call an election earlier than expected .
this time the decree was printed in three languages — spanish , english and french — intending to attract europeans of non - spanish origin , with the hope that the independence movements would lose their popularity and strength with the arrival of new settlers .
on 25 march 1966 , the beatles went to whitaker ’s chelsea studio for a photo session , intending to take photos for the cover of ( and/or to promote ) their forthcoming single , " rain"/"paperback writer " .
requirement to overcome presumption of intending immigrant .
dawn packed a bag and got the tube , intending to go to her mother , but realised she was in labour .
following that , bugs , intending to travel to perth amboy but having missed a left turn at des moines , ends up in front of other prospective performers and is ordered to entertain the sultan .
a small group of about forty lodges , including minor headmen such as roman nose , red horse and iron plume , separated from the main villages and moved near slim buttes , south dakota , apparently intending to quietly slip in to the cheyenne river agency to surrender .
james arranges with his friend , perry mandeville to go to cambridge university , which will work as he is intending to go off to london on his father 's birthday leave .
on 20 january 1943 , the german hq in yugoslavia launched an offensive codenamed " fall weiss " ( case white ) , intending to regain the lost territory .
he entrusted his four - year - old son , crown prince yan , to a group of high - level officials , including sima yang ( 司馬羕 ) the prince of xiyang , wang dao , bian kun ( 卞壼 ) , chi jian , yu liang , lu ye ( 陸瞱 ) , and wen jiao , perhaps intending that they lead by group with a balance of power .
its three major fleet units moved toward the philippines for the historic battle for leyte gulf , intending to divert admiral william f. halsey 's carriers to the northward and strike the assault forces in the gulf a two - pronged death blow .
taking him to junk and repairing him , megatron tricked wreck - gar into repairing some of the seeker clones , intending to use them as the beginnings of an army , while telling wreck - gar that he was really using them to battle injustice throughout the galaxy .
but big spotted horse was left handed , and as the warrior approached him , intending to count coup on him with a sheathed sword , big spotted horse turned to the right and shot an arrow point blank at the sioux warrior and pierced his eye .
he also commands her to send a bottle of poisoned mead to horace slughorn intending it to be a christmas present for dumbledore after overhearing hermione mentioning that the security on the school would not recognise something put in the wrong bottle and knowing that a package from rosmerta would not be checked .
the song 's protagonists are in a nightclub about to close for the night , but before they leave the man pleads with carey for her phone number , intending to take her out later and " show you what i 'm all about . " it is the first in which carey and dupri " switch sides " : carey does some rapping and dupri some singing .
the beer is also important when someone is intending to contact their ancestors ( known as amadlozi ) .
foreigners need to register when intending to stay longer than 3 months .
hammond signed with the boston red sox in , intending to return to his role as a starter .
the danes bring their ships close inshore and line the beach , intending to sail off as soon as the full ransom for cadwaladr is paid .
li jiongxiu 's responsibilities during the initial stages of emperor ruizong 's reign were unclear , but it appeared that he was at one point commissioned to command an army either intending to attack or to defend against an attack from eastern tujue , and upon his return from that mission , after the chancellor yao chong , who was serving as minister of defense as well , was removed in 711 , li jiongxiu became minister of defense again , but not chancellor .
" power academy is a 4-year training program for students intending to be employed at lakeland electric , polk county 's municipal utility company .
ronan begins " plan atavus " , intending to devolve earth to a prehistoric time to use as a base in the war against the skrulls .
contemporary news accounts and trial testimony indicated that the assailants were intending to target gay people , but there was no indication that any of the victims were targeted specifically .
in the early 1980s , real estate speculators bought most of the land , intending to create a planned development similar to the las colinas planned development in north irving .
henry pym retained custody of the inanimate robotrix , intending to study her .
in 1938 , the v3 was rebuilt once again , this time to test a new fowler flap design arado was intending to use on their ar 198 and ar 240 .
rosecrans continued to concentrate his forces , intending to withdraw as a single body to chattanooga .
green lilly " says : " before the publication of the names of the respective sides there was every prospect of a match at once worthy of the transatlantic celebrity of mr fitzgerald 's team and the match - making sagacity of the club committee , but when the lists came out , not a few intending spectators of the contest made up their minds for a disappointment .
further , when he was giving a speech intending to raise morale , his irreverent attitude instead infuriated the generals .
sima yu , in apprehension that huan intended to take over the emprie entirely , invited the renowned official yin hao to join him and cai as a high level official as well , intending to use yin to counter huan .
nixon campaigned against kennedy on the great experience he had acquired in eight years as vice president , but when eisenhower was asked to name a decision nixon had been responsible for in that time , he replied ( intending a joke ) : " give me a week and i might think of something . " this was a blow to nixon , and he blamed eisenhower for his narrow loss to kennedy .
the cultural revolution was a revolution staged by the central government between 1966 and 1976 of students and laborers of the chinese communist party , intending to preserve maoism as the leading ideology of china .
she moves to washington , d.c. , intending to give up her career as batgirl and in june 1972 , appeared in a story entitled " batgirl 's last case . "
" north has opened 1nt and south , who holds a weak hand with long diamonds , has bid 2 , intending to sign off ; north explains , however , in answer to west 's inquiry , that south 's bid is strong and artificial , asking for major suits . "
in the score the themes are numbered , but in later writings he gave them names to make them easier to identify , without intending the names to have any other , literary meaning .
at bedford he " fagged " for “ ram ” seegar , who , intending on entering the royal marines , had ashdown join him in doing basic rm physical training with him over normal fag duties , on which he commented " i was bullied early on , but then i learnt to fight " .
to get away from his creditors , he decided to return to india , intending to find work there , save enough money and return .
the elder james was a silversmith / jeweler who died in march 1838 ~ intending for son james to become a watch finisher ~ before other family members came into ohio with eldest brother samuel , born 1801 , as the father figure .
slowly , deliberately , lili inveigles herself in the life of the three women - promising then reneging on an exclusive interview with judy to re - launch her magazine , offering and threatening to take away from pagan a charity premiere of her new film to raise money for research , and seducing maxine 's son , intending to estrange him from his mother .
in 1709 the grand pensionary a. heinsius ( 1641–1720 ) secured his election as one of the pastors of the walloon church at the hague , intending to employ him mainly in civil affairs .
accordingly , porter withdrew his ships , intending to renew the attack the next day .
there is no record of any pilot attempting to escape or intending to do so , and this provision was dropped from later production kaitens .
ed denies intending any such thing , but we then see him punch out a jock who was hitting on an exasperated lorie , because he is concerned about lorie and decided to show up to check if she is all right .
the narrator of the chronicle is a french jewish cobbler giving advice to young french christians intending to visit england .
land sales proved disappointing , however , and threatened the viability of the settlement : by early june only 326 allotments had been sold , with only 42 purchasers intending to actually travel to new zealand .
with the first fallen 's servants , the foursaken , about to make their move , jamie revealed his part in betsy 's resurrection to the x - men : sensing the approaching threat of the cosmically powerful first fallen and learning of betsy 's demise , an annoyed jamie resurrected her , reaching back through time to stop her spirit passing into the afterlife . intending her to be a weapon to use against the first fallen , jamie tightened up the " quantum strings " of betsy 's body , rendering her mostly immune to external manipulation , enhancing her telekinetic powers , and leaving her invisible to the first fallen 's senses .
manning , wearing his barrister 's gown , read from and commented upon allegations in a notice of motion by scientology , intending to commence criminal contempt proceedings against a crown attorney , casey hill .
he attended manhattan preparatory school at night to complete his education , intending to go to law school .
yet while parties enter into mediation intending to preserve their legal rights and remedies , mediation may result in these rights being directly or indirectly affected .
sidney franklin , a producer and director at mgm films , purchased the film rights to felix salten 's novel " bambi , a life in the woods " in 1933 , intending to adapt it into a live action film .
other fans took advantage of this and brought in trucks and grills intending to leave them there .
during the japanese invasions of korea ( 1592–1598 ) , japanese warlord toyotomi hideyoshi , plotting the conquest of ming china with portuguese guns , invaded korea with his daimyō and their troops in 1592 and 1597 , intending to use korea as a stepping stone .
lee enterprises , intending to purchase koin in portland , oregon , was forced to sell the station to united communications corporation in 1977 due to ownership limits imposed by the fcc .
they dug a tunnel from within the palace to the outside of the city , intending to create a secret passage for imperial guards to go through , but the tunnel was discovered , and gao cheng entered the palace with his troops , arresting emperor xiaojing , putting him under house arrest , and executing the other members of the conspiracy .
in 1946 , after it sustained damage during world war ii , he purchased the shell of the gaiety theatre in london to rescue it from dereliction , intending to produce comedies .
according to the saga of king olaf tryggvason in heimskringla , king harald gormsson of denmark , intending to invade iceland , had a wizard send his spirit out in the form of a whale to scout it out for points of vulnerability .
intending passengers must check with the ffestiniog railway company before embarking on their journey .
he buys ben from the circus , intending to give him a new home in a zoo .
he was educated at the school of j. l. young , and after spending a year in the south australian railway department intending to become a civil engineer he decided to take up medicine .
with no other way to clear his name , hunt decides to steal the genuine list himself , intending to demand that the genuine mole be present at the exchange .
in 1770 , thomas purchased the city cross ( also known as the buttercross ) from the corporation of winchester , intending to have it re - erected at cranbury .
picture a woodsman approaching a tree with an axe , intending to chop it down .
one night his rival and another man ambushed pezza , intending to do him some harm .
we did n't start off intending to make a double album ; we just went down to the south of france to make an album and by the time we 'd finished we said , ' we want to put it all out ' ...
the following year , he held a press conference in belfast where he introduced joe cahill , a leading figure in the provisional ira , intending that this would show the ineffectiveness of the tactic of internment .
numerous new offences — including intending to kill the sovereign ( even without an overt act demonstrating such intent ) and killing an ambassador — were declared treasonable .
british soldiers - the ruthless green dragoons cavalry - arrive and kill the wounded colonial , burn down the martin house and arrest gabriel as a spy , intending to hang him .
murray managed to lead a group of jacobites to ruthven , intending to continue the fight .
marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses . "
there is currently no western - style medical school in macau , so all indigenous intending doctors have to either qualify overseas , or qualified doctors have to be brought in from outside .
rupertus began his military career immediately after high school , originally intending to serve as a cutter captain in the united states revenue cutter service the earlier version of the modern coast guard .
in interviews tim has said that the idea was that he & phil were intending on writing again , trying to recapture the magic of early split enz .
on 15 sept. , 1793 , petitioned by the department of paris and several departmental groups , the national convention decided that independently of the primary schools , " there should be established in the republic three progressive degrees of instruction ; the first for the knowledge indispensable to artisans and workmen of all kinds ; the second for further knowledge necessary to those intending to embrace the other professions of society ; and the third for those branches of instruction the study of which is not within the reach of all men " .
he returned again in december 1833 intending to spend three months of winter there .
