on the end of the world war 2 he was as a jew interned in the labor camp in bystřice u benešova .
the government responded with the offences against the state act , which established the special criminal court , and rearrested and interned ira activists .
as a german national , scherchen was interned during world war ii , following which he served in the british army .
in the wake of the red army 's quick advance , which met little resistance upon orders not to engage soviets , between 250,000 and 454,700 polish soldiers had become prisoners and were interned by the soviets .
several hundred of her complement landed in vichy - controlled tunisia and were interned .
in june 1942 , kurusu sailed to mozambique on board the ocean liner " gripsholm " , which then brought back american ambassador to japan joseph grew and other americans who had been interned in japan .
after he had been treated in a german field hospital he was transferred to stalag iii b at lannesdorf , and was interned from december 1940 to january 1941 .
his father was an engineering officer on a german ship which was interned in new york harbor in 1916 , as world war i was becoming heated .
stanley was interned at roberts barracks and later joined other pows to work around singapore , repairing damage inflicted by the japanese attacks and getting essential services back to working order .
he died on february 16 , 1910 and was interned with his parents in mount auburn cemetery in cambridge , massachusetts .
during the first world war he was interned at ruhleben , a civilian detention camp in germany .
gitterman was interned in a prisoner - of - war camp and returned to warsaw in april 1940 .
he was interned in the infamous lubyanka and lefortovo prisons in moscow .
on june 21 , 1959 , along with friends of his like guiseppe di giorgi and jack lansky , meyer 's brother , trafficante was interned in the tiscornia camp in havana .
when nazi germany invaded norway in 1940 , early in the second world war , " skytteren " was interned in the neutral port of göteborg , sweden , with several other norwegian ships in april 1940 .
after the armistice , the remaining u - boats joined the high seas fleet in surrender , and were interned at harwich .
one of which was the action of 21 may 1918 when she was credited with sinking a german submarine off spain but in she reality only damaged the u - boat which was interned by spain a few days later .
one of these machines , from no.1 wing , made a forced landing in the netherlands in 1916 and was interned there .
they were interned in adjoining camps , at naas , county kildare .
he moved to florida and earned a law degree from the florida coastal school of law in jacksonville in 1999 , where he interned at the state attorney 's office under the supervision of angela corey , who was elected state attorney in 2008 .
violet may witchell , his second wife , had been his secretary before the war and had been interned in stanley camp in hong kong during the war .
pitchipoi is the imaginary place where displaced jews in france believed they would be deported to , while they were interned in the drancy internment camp awaiting transport to auschwitz .
under the still active alien enemy act of 1798 , the united states government interned nearly 11,000 german immigrants between 1940 and 1948 .
active republicans were interned at the curragh or given prison sentences ; six men were hanged under newly legislated acts of treason and three more died on hunger strike .
in the fall of 1932 , pedro del pozo rodríguez , the governor of gipuzkoa , briefly interned those who claimed to see visions at the provincial psychiatric hospital of santa águeda , mondragón .
in 1953 , 150 children of the sons of freedom were forcible interned by the government agents in a residential school in new denver , british columbia .
under the war measures act ( 1914 ) , 8,579 enemy aliens — nationals of countries at war with canada — were interned in canada during world war i as prisoners of war .
following several harrowing cruises during which she narrowly avoided capture by british and french ships , she entered the port of san juan , puerto rico , early in 1915 and was interned with two other german merchantmen .
these activities led to his arrest in 1916 , and he was interned at janjira , an island ( “ char ” ) in the padma river basin in what is now bangladesh .
during the bulgarian occupation of the region in world war ii , the village was infamous as the location of the krastopole or enikyoy concentration camp where bulgarian communist party workers and other left - wing enemies of the ruling regime were interned .
on may 18 , 1940 , steimer was arrested by the french government and interned at camp gurs .
scuttled by her crew at scapa flow on june 21 , 1919 while interned at the end of world war i. later raised and scrapped .
while in london she interned and then eventually hosted her own popular television show .
the asscher family 's members are jewish , and were thus subsequently deported from the netherlands and interned in concentration camps , along with nearly all of the company ’s polishers .
in the 1910s , early in world war i , lionel powell was taken on as a partner in the agency ( renamed schulz - curtius powell ) when schulz - curtius , a german national , was interned as an " enemy alien . "
their base was shifted later to the italian tanker ss " olterra " , interned in algeciras .
still others were interned at vancouver barracks in washington .
due to the second world war , the french state interned lichtenstein in southern france in 1939 as an enemy alien .
admiral walter mclean , commander of the norfolk navy yard where his ship had been interned ten years earlier , was his best man .
she then interned at b street theatre in sacramento , california .
sailors on finnish ships in german - held ports , including norway , were interned , and german submarines sank several finnish civilian vessels .
a total of 11,507 people of german ancestry were interned during the war , accounting for 36% of the total internments under the justice department 's enemy alien control program .
because the united states was neutral ( having not yet entered world war i ) , " h19 " along with sister ships , , , , and were all interned by the united states government .
he was interned and eventually deported from the united states after the outbreak of world war ii .
once his sentence was over , he helped louise escape from the asylum in which she was interned ; they were together until his death in paris .
due to inadequate intelligence - gathering , many of the interned republicans were members of the official ira rather than the recently - formed provisional ira , which was much more heavily involved in terrorist activity at the time .
inmates were classified " sentenced " or " interned " depending on whether they were tried by a soviet military tribunal ( smt ) or not .
teenagers were interned in special colonies , though they were also often placed in adult camps due to a lack of space , and children ( such as those who were born in the camps ) in their own facilities , which were likewise operated by the ministry of the interior .
missionaries evacuated , and were variously interned , released , and expelled .
although he did not participate in the 1916 easter rising , figgis was arrested and interned by the british authorities between 1916 and 1917 in reading gaol .
after his family moved to seattle , he started to study theater at the age of twelve at the seattle children 's theater , and interned at various theaters during his high school years .
" the kindness of women " is semi - autobiographical , and discusses jim 's departure from china , where he had been born and had been interned , to visit england , other parts of europe and the usa .
doyle fought in the irish war of independence and took the anti - treaty side in the irish civil war , and was subsequently interned among numerous others .
he was interned for a short period and the german gestapo declared him wanted .
he interned at the nbc affiliate in tucson , and was a sports producer at the local abc station .
they would then be led to scapa flow and interned , pending the outcome of the peace negotiations .
a canadian national railway railway point in this area was also named lempriere , where there was a post office from 1942 to 1945 when japanese were interned at a work camp in this area .
he was interned at an american prisoner - of - war camp .
during the war he was interned on the island of ventotene ( in the gulf of gaeta ) along with some eight hundred political opponents of the regime .
following the polish surrender , sosabowski was a prisoner of war , and was interned at a camp near żyrardów .
however , according to the then constitution , when the president can not execute his powers ( as mościcki was interned in romania and this was clear that he would not be released unless resigned ) , the designated successor automatically became president .
however when the king and crown prince inquired of swedish foreign minister christian günther whether they could sleep one night in sweden without being interned , they were denied .
in october 1944 he was exiled and interned in africa by the mandate authorities .
when the social democratic party was merged into the communist party of germany ( kpd ) , renamed socialist unity party of germany ( sed ) , social democrats were interned to ensure the communist dominance in the party .
due to his anti - fascist activity his election as a member of the parliament was invalidated in december 1938 and nikola petkov was interned in ivailovgrad .
over the course of the war , switzerland interned 300,000 refugees .
when world war ii started , as german citizens he and his family should have been interned , but adam had been seconded to design bomb shelters .
during the second world war van poelje was interned by the german occupying forces on september 2 , 1940 , first in the scheveningen prison , later on in büchenwald , merseburg and halle .
there were many cases of italian - australians who had taken out australian citizenship also being interned .
on november 28 the last organised unit under his command crossed the polish border and was subsequently interned .
though son lawrence kadoorie and his family were later interned in shanghai 's chapei ( now zhabei ) internment camp in 1943 , sir elly was exempted from internment on medical grounds .
langsdorff sought orders from berlin , and was given instructions that the ship was not to be interned in uruguay ( which was sympathetic to britain ) ; he could try to take the ship to the friendlier buenos aires in argentina although it was thought that the channel was not sufficiently deep for the ship ; he could take the ship out to sea to battle the british forces again ( though british propaganda was trying to persuade people that a large british force already lay in wait for him — though in fact it would not be able to arrive for five days ) ; or he could scuttle the ship .
she interned at bob roberts hospital at the university of chicago .
the brothers were left to the chapel and a few small rooms while the american de la salle christian brothers were interned first in a retreat house of the society of jesus at santa ana , manila and later to a spanish hospital in san pedro , makati .
the interned people had had a certain importance to the netherlands or germany before the war , and therefore the germans helped them to survive for a while .
during world war ii , the hotel and its grounds were used by the u.s. navy as the naval training school ( radio ) and then later as a detention center for interned japanese diplomats .
after the end of hostilities , " g40 " was interned at scapa flow and scuttled .
after graduating from uc berkeley with a degree in english , he interned at " the american spectator " , as an assistant to r. emmett tyrrell .
having endured internment in the warsaw ghetto , by virtue of obtaining costa - rican and nicaraguan passports ( from the daughter sonia ) , they were next interned at warsaw 's " pawiak prison " on 19 june 1942 as citizens of a neutral state .
this act acknowledges that persons of ukrainian origin were interned in canada during the first world war and it legally obliges the government of canada to negotiate " an agreement concerning measures that may be taken to recognize the internment " for educational and commemorative projects .
the three were interned in fort saint - jean in marseille .
the iraqi air force was destroyed within a few days , with some planes fleeing to iran where they were interned for the duration of the conflict .
appointed to leicester in 1938 he was interned as " an enemy alien " in 1940 in a pow camp on the isle of man .
in june 1940 i was interned on the isle of man as an enemy alien , and was released on medical grounds a year later .
he was interned during the war by british authorities and died in 1916 .
during the summer of 1979 , woroniecki interned at the crusade for christ church in trenton , mi .
after the failed kiev and the collapse of the ukrainian state , he was interned in poland together with the remaining ukrainian soldiers .
during both world wars germans were considered an " enemy within " and a number were interned or deported - or both .
in trondheim the officers and anne margrethe bang were taken off the train and interned at trondheim katedralskole secondary school while the ncos and soldiers continued their voyage to lundamo in gauldalen valley .
the funeral was held at folk 's home the next evening and then interned at greenwood cemetery in a private burial .
he was arrested on arrival in dublin and interned for the duration of the war ( known in neutral ireland as " the emergency " ) .
commissioned ensign in the naval militia of pennsylvania on 14 july 1916 , he was mustered into federal service 7 april 1917 , and assigned in may to the interned " prinz eitel friedrich " , later renamed " dekalb " .
one of these b-25s landed in soviet territory where its crew remained interned for more than a year .
while the question of american neutrality is debated , thousands of jews , blacks , catholics , communists , socialists , political dissidents , and homosexuals are interned in a vast network of concentration camps greater in number than those of hitler 's germany .
he attended emerson college where he produced student films and all throughout college interned at 20 , working with geraldo rivera .
the russian government agrees to forego the restitution of the proceeds of the sale carried out in germany of the army stores brought into germany by the interned members of the red army mentioned above .
" derfflinger " was interned with the rest of the high seas fleet at scapa flow following the armistice in november 1918 .
prior to joining the office she interned at the lawyer 's committee for civil rights and the youth law center .
in july / august 1914 , he was playing in mannheim at ( the 19th dsb congress , when it was interrupted by the start of world war i. after the declaration of war against russia , eleven russian players ( alekhine , bogoljubow , bogatyrchuk , flamberg , koppelman , maljutin , rabinovich , romanovsky , saburov , selezniev , weinstein ) from the mannheim tournament were interned in germany .
after the end of spanish republic he was interned in france .
when schaus refused to support the occupation of luxembourg by germany , he was arrested in 1941 by the gestapo and interned in a labour camp where he worked to build motorways .
failing this , the deceased was interned in unmarked paupers grave in the hospital 's burial ground .
nine months after the outbreak of the second world war , uhlman , with thousands of other enemy aliens , was , in june 1940 , interned by the british government , on the isle of man .
many gaa members were interned without trial .
davringhausen was interned in cagnes - sur - mer but fled to côte d ' azur .
sister ulrica , a dominican nun of the st therese mission , was interned at the kampong getah camp in 1942 .
during the last few days of the 2006 election campaign , alan clarke , in a flyer reminding the membership of caw local 222 that the local was prohibited from supporting mr. ryan 's campaign by a 1993 binding referendum , showed mr. ryan having a beer with alex maskey who was reportedly twice interned for being a member of the ira .
the mosleys were interned throughout much of world war ii , under defence regulation 18b along with other british fascists including norah elam .
the crew was immediately interned by presidential decree and taken by bus to buenos aires .
lamison died in topeka , kansas , on april 24 , 1896 , and was interned in woodlawn cemetery in lima , ohio .
it is thought that about 12% of all black african inmates died ( about 14,154 ) but the precise number of deaths of africans in concentration camps is unknown as little attempt was made to keep any records of the 107,000 black africans who were interned .
a number of his drawings from mechelen were donated to the art collection of beit lohamei haghetaot ( the ghetto fighters ' house museum ) by irène awret , who was interned with him in this camp .
after the war , they were interned in several hundreds of camps throughout denmark , the largest of which was the oksbøl refugee camp with 37,000 inmates .
in november 2000 , the british government announced a compensation scheme for british civilians who had been interned in world war ii .
according to the new york times in 1946 , 207 of the interned soldiers fell ill and were admitted into the hospital but none died .
dr. sze received degrees in chemistry and medicine at winchester college and cambridge university and interned in britain , where he was inspired by his residency at st. thomas hospital in a london slum to do public service , before returning to china in 1934 .
he fought in world war i , but was captured by the french and interned in switzerland .
o'hara joined na fianna éireann in 1970 , and in 1971 his brother sean was interned in long kesh .
while there the first world war broke out and he was subsequently interned at ruhleben , a civilian detention camp in the spandau district of berlin .
unusually baker was kept interned until the end of the war until even japan had been defeated , whereas most internees , including oswald mosley , had been released by 1943 .
his grandmother was imprisoned for six months in holloway gaol for " keeping republicans " , and his father and six of his uncles were interned between 1940 and 1944 .. charlie died in the pow camp due to a refusal to give medical assistance , 2nd june 1944 .
after the fall of france , interned in switzerland .
she was interned at sempringham priory in england for the rest of her life , dying without issue in 1337 probably knowing little of her heritage and speaking none of her language .
polish prisoners of war and internees in soviet union and lithuania — polish soldiers and citizens who were captured and interned during the polish - soviet war and remained in the custody of soviet and lithuanian authorities .
both the name german - austria and the unification with germany were forbidden by the victorious powers of world war i. volga germans living in the soviet union were interned in gulags or forcibly relocated during the great patriotic war .
the ship was interned at scapa flow until the scuttling of the fleet on 21 june 1919 .
on 20 february 1943 , olère was arrested in the department of seine - et - oise by the french police and interned in the drancy deportation camp .
most jews that remained in the grand duchy were interned at fünfbrunnen , a concentration camp near troisvierges .
his father , harry hutchinson , a scottish printer whose own father had left dublin to find work in scotland , was sinn féin treasurer in glasgow and was interned in frongoch in 1919 - 21 .
however , he accompanied either both parents or his father on subsequent tours , and , upon graduation from university , began to undertake duties of his own , as well as obtaining experience in the private workforce when he worked with land management at chatsworth house and interned at hsbc .
3500 of these laborers worked for u - i. the interned japanese americans also provided seasonal labor in 1943 and 1944 ; all the labor was paid at prevailing wages .
in 1915 he was interned in england .
the " cappellini " , " giuliani " , and " torelli " and their crews were temporarily interned by the japanese .
these were clearly so extensive that they could not be finished in the limited time allowed under international law , so the submarine 's commander decided that the ship should be interned by the swedish authorities .
she and friedl dicker - brandeis had been close friends when they were both interned in the ghetto of terezin during the second world war .
when visiting an interned ship the german officers were reported to have been " dumb with shame " .
zachary also interned at pearadyne as a condition of the scholarship .
with the japanese invasion of borneo , sarawak was taken over by the japanese in december 1941 , and the europeans interned , first in houses and prisons in kuching and then at the batu lintang camp outside kuching .
after the civilians left , pows were interned in the camp .
in world war i male civilian citizens of the allies caught by the outbreak of war on the territory of the germany were interned .
his father virtually interned him in the house for over a month trying to convince him to stay back in the traditional fold , retaining his sacred thread .
he was separated from his wife , christine , and daughters , who were interned in a different pow camp .
ss " friedrich der grosse " ( or " friedrich der große " ) was built in 1896 by vulcan shipbuilding corp. of stettin , germany , and sailed the atlantic for north german lloyd until being interned in new york harbor in 1914 .
after martial law was declared in december 1981 he was interned until december 1982 , when he once again became an adviser to the then - illegal solidarity , working closely with lech wałęsa .
on may 9 , 2008 , the canadian government established a $ 10 million fund with the ukrainian canadian foundation of taras shevchenko , for the commemoration of the experiences of thousands of ukrainians and other europeans who were interned between 1914–1920 and the suspension of civil liberties of tens of thousands of fellow canadians .
in march 1917 , " ub-6 " ran aground in dutch waters and , along with her crew , was interned for the rest of the war .
for there part in the 1916 rising they were interned in frongoch prison camp in wales .
most of the japanese community were removed and interned in war detention camps in the course of the war .
the " p.c " . also covered the redress movement , which sought to give reparations to japanese americans , who were interned during world war ii .
as reported in " la presse " and " le devoir " , he took the occasion to thank the newly - elected liberal member of parliament for mount royal , pierre trudeau , and former conservative leader george drew , for speaking in his defence when he was interned .
like tens of thousands of other japanese - americans , okazaki was interned during the war .
he studied medicine in berkeley , and he interned at the university of california hospital , san francisco .
as he was a german national living in the erstwhile british colony of india , in 1939 he was interned for the period of world war ii in an internment camp for foreign nationals , firstly in ahmednagar , then dehra - dun and finally satara .
following germany 's defeat in 1945 , he was interned as a war profiteer by the french authorities for three years until 1949 .
the internment camp was now run by the danish resistance movement , and among those interned was frits clausen , former leader of the danish nazi party .
it puts forward a figure of 800,000 deaths and alleges that as many as 10% of tibetans were interned , with few survivors .
asian americans also made major contributions to the development of arizona , such as the many chinese who arrived in the state 's mines and railroads , and the fact that over 20,000 japanese americans , mostly residing in the grand avenue section of phoenix and farming areas of southern arizona and the colorado river valley , were interned during world war ii .
upon his release , he was interned in the curragh from september 1959 to august 1962 .
there , she interned with the vaccine fund of the global alliance for vaccines and immunization , founded by the bill and melinda gates foundation , where she conducted a study on immunization in ghana .
both lawful and unlawful combatants may be interned in wartime , may be interrogated and may be prosecuted for war crimes .
his marble tombstone and body are now interned at the choa chu kang cemetery in singapore .
three other pilots landed in neutral territory and were interned .
she was an intern on the television sitcom " friends " and had a cameo in one episode , and interned alongside ashley olsen with designer zac posen .
general grant then proceeded to st. louis while general meade , finding that the battle at ridgeway was over and the fenian army interned in buffalo , proceeded to ogdensburg , new york to oversee the situation in the st. lawrence river area .
his studies were postponed by world war i. his father was interned as an enemy alien after the start of the war in 1914 , and upon his release he returned to germany .
in the time of the austrian ständestaat , klausner was interned in 1936 for a few months for political reasons , which did not , however , keep him from doing further work for the nazi movement , nor even from joining the ss , in which he was given the rank of oberführer .
following the german collapse in november 1918 , a significant portion of the high seas fleet was interned in scapa flow . " nassau " and her four sisters were not among the ships listed for internment , so they remained in german ports .
its official purpose was to help fellow refugees and foreigners that were interned in italy and to facilitate emigration for them .
bunting was interned in 1971 and held in long kesh .
their sister johanna was a member of cumann na mban , interned along with sean during the irish civil war .
he was taken back and treated for his wounds by serbian doctors interned in the camp .
he was arrested , interned , and then deported .
he soon interned at wwrl in woodside queens where he honed his radio production skills and filled in on sundays , setting up gospel " remotes " for churches throughout brooklyn and harlem ( new york ) .
le fevre died in atlantic city , new jersey on march 7 , 1922 and was interned in glen cemetery in salem township .
included in the samueli library are features celebrating holocaust survivors within the chapman community , including leon leyson , the youngest person on " schindler 's list , " and former dean of students joe kertes , a hungarian jew born while his parents were still interned in a camp .
attempts were made in 1914 to prevent the naturalisation of tarak nath das as an american citizen , while successful pressure was applied to have har dayal interned .
pilots who have interned with gia have been hired by many other airlines , including all major airlines .
when most civilians are interned , gervase is sent to a " re - education and training camp , " initially accompanied by owen disguised as a knight , who tells him that it is important that he lives .
in canada , jehovah 's witnesses were interned in camps along with political dissidents and people of japanese and chinese descent .
british civilians interned by the japanese during world war ii who did so were held to be legally married .
rear admiral ludwig von reuter , the commander of the interned german fleet , ordered his ships be sunk on 21 june 1919 ; " bayern " was successfully scuttled , though british guards managed to beach " baden " and prevented her from sinking .
the mig-15 was originally intended to intercept american bombers like the b-29 superfortress , and was even evaluated in mock air - to - air combat trials with interned ex - u.s. b-29 bombers as well as the later soviet b-29 copy , the tupolev tu-4 .
her father was interned in a concentration camp by the british during the south african war because of his pro - boer leanings .
he was interned at the maplewood cemetery in fairfield , maine .
americans of italian and german descent , along with italian and german nationals , were also interned , but on a much smaller scale ( see italian american internment and german american internment ) .
he was interned during world war ii at the drancy deportation camp .
after the rising he was interned in frongoch and in wakefield jail where he shared a cell with seán mac eoin .
in the summer of 1982 , gladwell interned with the national journalism center in washington , d.c.
on 10 june 1940 , " angelina lauro " was interned at liverpool and taken into ministry of war transport ownership on 23 july 1940 under the management of galbraith , pembroke & company , london and renamed " empire advocate " .
they marched out of the fort on november 3 , and were sent into the colonies where they were interned .
educated at dartmouth college and the fletcher school of law and diplomacy , french interned for the united nations in the ivory coast and in geneva at the un development program and the un institute for disarmament research and worked briefly for ashoka before joining worldwatch in 1987 .
he found out that he was under suspicion from the vichy regime in may 1941 , and escaped to spain , where he was arrested and interned at the miranda de ebro camp .
he was arrested on 11 march 1940 for leading a general strike of textile workers in bombay and interned in the deoli detention camp .
as a result of the mistreatment of civilians interned during recent conflicts , the fourth geneva convention was established in 1949 to provide for the protection of civilians during times of war " in the hands " of an enemy and under any occupation by a foreign power .
wheatley interned as an nfl minority coaching fellow with the pittsburgh steelers during the summer of 2008 training camp .
nowakowski had a good knowledge of the history of the town and shared grundt 's interest in the fate of the 1150 norwegian pows once interned there at stalag xxi - a.
after the spanish republic fell to general franco , busch migrated to belgium where he was interned during the german occupation and later imprisoned in camp gurs , france and berlin .
captured or interned examples of the following aircraft were at one time flown by the raf .
the purpose of the association was to help expatriation and survival for jewish refugees both interned or confined and to those who had avoided internment .
eventually a total of 74 ships were interned there , the " könig " and " dresden " having arrived on 6 december accompanied by the destroyer " v129 " , which replaced the sunken " v30 " .
after the second world war horten was interned by the british army in 1947 in recklinghausen .
she was interned at ferrol for the remainder of world war ii .
on may 9 , 2008 , the canadian government established a $ 10 million fund managed by the ukrainian canadian foundation of taras shevchenko , for commemoration of the experience of thousands of ukrainians and other europeans that were interned between 1914–20 and the suspension of civil liberties of tens of thousands of fellow canadians .
the sikh militia offered no resistance to the landings , and were disarmed and interned ; many of them later enlisted in the indian national army .
as a result of the battle of hong kong in december 1941 , he was captured by the japanese army and interned at the sham shui po and argyle street pow camps in hong kong and later transferred to the oeyama pow camp , iwataki town , yoza - gn , kyoto prefecture where he was forced to work in the open - pit nickel mine in kaya and the smelting factory in iwataki together with nearly 700 pow 's from countries such as the uk , canada , australia and the usa .
scuttled by her crew at scapa flow on june 21 , 1919 while interned at the end of world war i.
as a neutral in the war at that time , the united states interned the liner and her sister ship , which was also in baltimore .
under the authority of the alien enemies act of 1798 , the united states government detained and interned over 11,000 germans and german americans at the start of world war ii .
when the canadian and american governments interned west coast japanese in 1942 , neither distinguished between those who were citizens ( " nisei " ) and their non - citizen parents ( " issei " ) .
while in college , muscatello interned for wciv - tv in charleston , south carolina , and abc news ' " 20 " .
green was forced to " go on the run " following the introduction of internment in august 1971 , but was arrested and interned on the maidstone prison ship .
previously , he interned for the alexandria beetles , another northwoods team .
he was interned at the eltham plantation in new kent county .
because the united states was neutral ( having not yet entered world war i ) , " h16 " along with sister ships , , , , and were all interned by the united states government .
after the pearl harbor attack by japan ( second world war ) , in 1942 , japanese canadians were interned by the federal government as security threats by evoking the war measures act .
in world war i , 8,579 male " aliens of enemy nationality " were interned , including 5,954 austro - hungarians , most of whom were probably ethnic ukrainians .
roa then began to suffer from schizophrenia and was interned in a clinic in sibaté .
in august 1914 , he was interned , along with other " russian " chess players by germany after the declaration of war against russia .
while interned at colditz castle , he began to write poetry .
when war broke out , bersu as a german national was interned on the isle of man .
alaska natives living in the aleutian islands were also interned during the war ; funter bay was one such camp .
he was later interned in argentina in december 1939 after the scuttling of the ship , but escaped back to germany .
he was a member of the georgetown law journal and interned as a clerk for the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit while at georgetown .
he remained interned until december 28 , 1942 .
in march 1945 the family was brought to gross kreutz outside berlin by johan bernhard hjort , whose family had also been interned in germany during the war years , and in april they were brought to sweden as part of the white buses operation .
after the german invasion in 1940 , the focus changed to working with the many refugees from the rest of europe who were interned by the french government in camps in southern france .
the fleet moved to bizerta in tunisia by february 1921 and was interned there under the command of rear admiral mikhail berens .
a few days after their defection erich 's parents , his elder brother michael and sister isa — a minor film actress and cabaret singer — as well as elisabeth 's youngest sister gisela were interned in various concentration camps until the end of the war .
carl borgward was interned till 1948 .
during the martial law in poland ( 1981–1983 ) he was one of many solidarity activists who were arrested and interned .
under german occupation , the cimade continued its operations , working with refugees , many of whom were jewish , who , having fled from germany and other war affected european countries , were interned in southern france .
mckee was again arrested and interned for the duration of the campaign .
in order to provide housing for the refugees , the greek government interned tens of thousands of bulgarians from western thrace on the aegean sea islands .
he was taken to the usa as a prisoner of war and interned at camp ruston , louisiana and other pow camps .
under the orders of rear admiral ludwig von reuter , the interned ships were scuttled on 21 june 1919 ; " derfflinger " sank at 14:45 .
there he was interned , but as with most of the polish airmen , he managed to escape and travel to france by sea .
the fbi also discovered that opler was held in high regard both by his coworkers at tule lake , as well as by the interned japanese americans .
he was one of only two protestants interned out of 350 initial detainees .
the film is based on a memoir written by adolf burger , a jewish slovak typographer who was imprisoned in 1942 for forging baptismal certificates to save jews from deportation , and later interned at sachsenhausen to work on operation bernhard .
lindell was subsequently recognized for her work and was also an advocate for those british civilians who were interned in nazi concentration camps .
during his graduate career , edwards interned at sun microsystems and olivetti research center .
she encouraged cheng to study fashion design and passed on her company and the whole design archive to him upon her death in 2005.throughout the years , cho cheng has interned for sonia rykiel and vivienne westwood .
when the japanese invaded manila early in world war ii , the family was interned first in university of santo tomas in manila , then moved to los banos .
the film portrays a young japanese - american woman , haruko , and her issei parents interned near pearl harbor naval base .
many were interned in labor camps merely due to their heritage .
in august 1945 , when information of the atomic bombing of hiroshima was relayed to the scientist of the german nuclear program , interned at farm hall in england , chief scientist werner heisenberg hypothesized that the device must have been " something like a nuclear reactor , with the neutrons slowed by many collisions with a moderator . "
captured by the soviet union early in the war , he was interned by the ussr briefly before moving to moscow for several years .
the austrian occupation forces captured him and interned in the camp cegled in hungarian and then hicing in austria , in which he welcomed the end of the war .
he died at " linden " in westmoreland county , virginia on may 23 , 1874 and was interned in a private cemetery on his family 's estate .
( alekhine , bogoljubow , bogatyrchuk , flamberg , koppelman , maliutin , rabinovich , romanovsky , saburov , selezniev , weinstein ) from the mannheim tournament were interned by germany .
other enemy aliens were also interned as well as members of groups considered subversive .
stack had recently been interned by the pakistan authorities ( with regard a sale of a dakota to india ) but was allowed a daily visit to see his priest at mauripore airport and he is alleged to have thrown himself under the lorry while walking to the house of the priest .
the ship was interned at scapa flow until the scuttling of the fleet on 21 june 1919 .
in total it is believed that 4,500 people were interned under the provisions of the " war precautions act " , of which 700 were naturalised australians and 70 australian born .
among those interned at the slocan camp was celebrity scientist david suzuki , then only a boy .
