prayer asking for the intercession of the grace of shah latif is also
he also sought intercession from tian hongzheng .
amir kulal intervened and the accused was set free on his intercession .
one miracle attributed to newman 's intercession must occur and be fully investigated and approved by the vatican before he can be beatified .
cathedral of intercession was restored externally in 1960s and reopened as an orhodox church in 1993 .
believers in the traditional scapular promise sometimes argue that mary 's intercession either grants conversion , final perseverance , and/or last rites to the wearer , to secure the assurances of the scapular promise .
on july 7 , 1997 , and in the presence of pope john paul ii , the congregation for the causes of saints published a decree accepting the miracle attributed to the intercession of the servant of god , fr .
at his birthplace of chimpay was erected a small chapel , where believers from río negro province and beyond began to pray for his intercession .
the letter to the hebrews gives a theological justification for this view : it views jesus as the perfect high priest , " entering heaven not with the blood of bulls and goats ( i.e. , the sacrificial rules set out in leviticus ) , but with his own blood " ; and whereas the jewish high priest offered sacrifices continually and was permitted to enter the holy of holies only once a year , " jesus offered just one sacrifice and is seated at god 's right hand continually making intercession for his people . "
civil servants appointed before 1914 were officially exempt , but his biographers attribute his continued employment to the intercession of influential colleagues and former students .
the icon is referred to as " wonderworking " meaning that numerous miracles have been attributed to the intercession of the theotokos ( mother of god ) by persons praying before this icon .
this is the latin abbreviation for " votum fecit , gratiam accipit " , meaning that a grace has been asked for and it had been granted due to intercession by the " madonna tal - grazzja " ( our lady of grace ) .
his judgment was correct , and with his wife princess lan 's , and her mother lady yi 's intercession , murong sheng was spared , despite repeated requests by lan han 's brothers lan ti ( 蘭堤 ) and lan jia'nan to have murong sheng killed .
perhaps in retaliation , globo tv that flip flops between spiritualist and catholic themes , ran a soap opera that honored the history of the aparecida statue & the miracles attributed to her intercession , as it is the position of the catholic church that saints do not perform miracles themselves , but intercede before god , who grants them through them , mary being the epitome of sanctity for being considered by catholics to have been born without sin to bear her divine son , jesus .
john paul had earlier determined that where a candidate for sainthood had been martyred , his / her cause could be advanced without the normal requirement for evidence of a miraculous intercession by the candidate .
a sort of litany ( the great intercession ) for the church , clergy , the emperor , and for all sorts and conditions of men , which ends with a doxology , " and all the people say : amen . " in this litany is a curious petition ( after that for the emperor and the army ) which joins the saints to living people for whom the bishop prays : " we also offer to thee for ( ‘ upér ) all thy holy and eternally well - pleasing patriarchs , prophets , just apostles , martyrs , confessors , bishops , priests , deacons , subdeacons , readers , singers , virgins , widows , laymen , and all those whose names thou knowest . "
zederbaum exercised considerable influence in government circles , and it was due to his intercession that an impartial judgment was obtained for many jewish families accused of ritual murder in kutais ; he disclosed also the ignorance of the russian anti - semite lutostansky , whose pamphlets threatened to become dangerous for the russian jews .
owing perhaps to the intercession of the queen regent of france and other powerful friends , his sentence was finally commuted into one of exile to brazil .
the " per christum dominum nostrum " at the end of the second intercession is not followed by the usual " amen . "
due to the great number of miracles that rapidly occurred either at his tomb or through his intercession , he was canonized only forty - five years after his death .
after each name of a martyr or saint was chanted , invoking his or her intercession between god and the people , participants in the procession sang the latin words , " ora pro eo , " meaning " pray for him .
because of the many miracles attributed to his intercession , he is also known as nicholas the wonderworker .
gradually multitudes of people came to seek his direction and intercession .
dr. hurd has held several church staff positions including assistant organist , trinity church , and director of music at both the church of the intercession and all saints ' church , both in manhattan .
el douaihy believed that the intercession of the blessed virgin mary was responsible for his cure .
roman catholics and protestants may have held some similar views on mary in the 16th century , but for luther it was a " passive " mariology , while for roman catholics it was " active " in suggesting devout veneration ( " hyperdulia " ) and constant prayers for intercession .
it was only liu gong 's final intercession ( in which he threatened to commit suicide at the execution site ) that allowed emperor gengshi to be spared at this point , and he was created the prince of changsha .
first of all , it refers to a cloak or shroud , but it also means protection or intercession .
according to the sketchy report in nikon 's chronicle , in the autumn of 1554 ivan ordered construction of a wooden church of intercession on the same site , " on the moat " .
the church was established on land donated by valamthuruthy bhattathiri whose illam ( joint family ) was afflicted by an illness which it is said was cured through the intercession of the holy virgin .
at alatraz he fulfilled the humble office of infirmarian in the convent of ara coeli ; and his biographers record the miraculous cure of many whom he attended , through his pious intercession .
the christianisation of rome resulted in further embellishment of his legend : it was commonly said in medieval times that pope gregory i , through divine intercession , resurrected trajan from the dead and baptized him into the christian faith .
st. vincent suffered martyrdom at valencia ; the faithful obtained possession of his remains , built a temple over the spot on which he died , and there invoked his intercession .
cathedral of intercession was built in 1671 - 1679 as a memorial to the expulsion of poles in 1618 and modelled after the alexandrov cathedral , but with five domes and without inhabitable basement .
price attributed his survival to the intercession of the blessed virgin mary .
a crowd mills about before the cathedral of the intercession ( vasiliy the blessed ) in red square .
thanks to the intercession of his sons , he could return in venice in 1509 .
on april 2 , 1993 , the pope john paul ii declared edmund rice to be venerable and two years later approved a miracle attributed to his intercession .
eventually he was released , due to the intercession of king henry 's sister elizabeth , countess of huntingdon .
while the praetorian guard was formally established under emperor augustus , sejanus introduced a number of reforms which saw the unit evolve beyond a mere bodyguard into a powerful and influential branch of the government involved in public security , civil administration , and ultimately political intercession ; changes which would have a lasting impact on the course of the principate .
many miraculous cures have been associated with father solanus 's intercession , both when he was alive and after his death .
goll is the author of numerous books including " the lost art of intercession " , " kneeling on the promises and " wasted on jesus .
therefore , allah should be asked when intercession is sought .
intercession .
for example , in 138 , when there was a conspiracy by some eunuchs to undermine him that emperor shun discovered , he advocated leniency , and while emperor shun did not completely agree with him , liang 's intercession clearly saved many lives .
dream - vision of enoch : his intercession for azazel and the fallen angels : and his announcement of their first and final doom .
afrikan juju - 2009 - intercession records
only the intercession of shi dan -- who risked his life by stepping onto the carpet of the imperial bed chamber , an act that only the empress was allowed to do , at the pain of death -- led emperor yuan to cease those thoughts .
in 1642 , she survived a near - fatal fall into a well , and later credited her rescue to the prayer - answered intercession of the virgin of carmen .
it is believed by many that countless miracles occurred and continue to occur to this day through the intercession of pope cyril vi .
while she apologized to the receiver for sending such a seemingly inappropriate present , she announced her intention to use the breast tumour as evidence of the intercession of the " holy king " ( james ii ) .
a monk who , out of curiosity , came to see how the old man did so much work , was struck blind , but healed by the saint 's intercession .
due to the intercession of joseph goebbels she got gigs in the radio show " wunschkonzert für die wehrmacht " ( musical request programme for the wehrmacht ) .
although forced to surrender the pennsylvania portion ( westmoreland county ) of its sea - to - sea land grant following the yankee - pennamite wars and the intercession of the federal government , connecticut held fast to its right to the lands between the 41st and 42nd - and-2-minutes parallels that lay " west " of the pennsylvania border .
the other one is the church of intercession in bogolyubovo near vladimir on the nerl river , or in ( ) , or ( ) .
many of the miracles wrought through the intercession of blessed agostino were verified and authenticated .
during the course of conducting the church choir of the parish of the holy intercession in sydney , from 1985 to 2007 , deriashnyj found a serious lack of available choral music in australia for the major feast days in the orhodox church calendar .
he said he felt a sudden increase in courage , a strengthening of faith , and an utter assurance that he would recover his health through the intercession of peter claver .
many traditionalist catholics have attributed the decision to the intercession of the blessed virgin mary .
legend has it that the brecbennoch , was carried to bannockburn by the vastly outnumbered scots army and the intercession of the saint helped them to victory .
ranjit singh 's well - wishers advised him to send the old rani kishori to the mughal camp , because she enjoyed the respect and good - will of the high officers of amir - ul - umra and might possibly by her intercession procure pardon for his past offenses .
with all the greatest shrines in the christian world to choose from , it seemed that when the local arab christians had a problem – an illness , or something more complicated : a husband detained in an israeli prison camp , for example – they preferred to seek the intercession of st george in his grubby little shrine at beit jala rather than praying at the holy sepulchre in jerusalem or the church of the nativity in bethlehem . "
amadeus was saved by the intercession of peter the hermit , and by his promise to participate in louis ' planned crusade .
he is credited with the gift of powerful intercession with god under the care of the saints and mother of god of the pskov caves .
the walter nicks dance theatre workshop was based since its inception at the church of the intercession in manhattan , where nicks personally performed with his dancers in the palm sunday pageant through 2002 .
life 's purpose in christianity is to seek divine salvation through the grace of god and intercession of christ .
when faustus was deathly ill , his wife flaminia sought the intercession of saint gervasius , who assured her that her husband would recover and beget a son .
the theotokos ' intercession , asked through veneration and prayer before the icon , was credited with saving constantinople from the persians during the reign of heraclius and later from the arabs .
rather , let him make intercession and give thanks for his congregation .
the holy league credited the victory to the virgin mary , whose intercession with god they had implored for victory through the use of the rosary .
during world war i ryle used to take the midday service of intercession personally , and he was responsible for the many special services held in wartime .
in 1168 , the intercession of pope alexander iii was necessary to secure a truce between them .
portugal , with the intercession of its english ally , had sought a truce , but after the portuguese victory at montes claros and with the signing of a franco - portuguese treaty in 1667 , spain finally agreed to recognize portugal 's independence on 13 february 1668 .
a long trial now began , conducted with all the rigour and secrecy of the austrian procedure , and confalonieri , outwitted by the astute examining magistrate , a salvotti ( d. 1866 ) , contradicted himself , made fatal admissions , even compromised others , and together with several companions was condemned to death for high treason , but through the intercession of his wife and father , who went to vienna to plead his cause in person , the emperor francis commuted the penalty to perpetual imprisonment in the fortress of spielberg ( january 1824 ) .
only at the intercession of gao huan 's friend sima ziru ( 司馬子如 ) -- who first reminded gao huan princess lou 's contributions to his success , as well as lou zhao 's , and then forced the main witness to the affair , lady zheng 's servant girl , to commit suicide — were gao cheng and princess lou able to remain in their positions .
on the intercession of queen henrietta maria he was reprieved and afterwards pardoned , but only on the condition of his remaining in confinement during the king 's pleasure .
we who have been fed at the table of the lamb implore you , almighty god , through the intercession of your blessed martyr olav let us always stand under the protection of your son who redeemed us by his death on the cross , he who lives and reigns from eternity to eternity .
the mill ground the grain automatically due to the intercession of the saint 's prayers .
after its reconstruction , the monastery was transferred to the authority of the intercession of saints monastery in kiev .
as monsignor oder noted , this course will be possible only if the second decree is signed in time by benedict xvi , stating that a posthumous miracle directly attributable to his intercession ( most likely , either the nun or the boy ) has occurred , completing the positio .
the couple are members of the church of the intercession in new york city .
favors and cures attributed to her intercession are continually being reported .
at about the same time , in 1671—1679 , a medieval church was rebuilt into " church of intercession of the most holy theotokos " .
by what could be described as heavenly intercession and providential twists , abucay was selected .
in 1511 , thanks to trivulzio 's intercession , he managed to return as ruler .
the intercession of the wali is sought on a variety of occasions , particularly by those seeking cures or by barren women desiring children .
rowe , to whom may be traced the legend that jonson owed the production of " every man in his humour " to shakespeare 's intercession , likewise attributed jonson 's excellence to learning , which did not raise him quite to the level of genius .
richelieu seems to have believed that his political career was over , but the intercession of influential friends saved the minister from impending disgrace .
later , with saffo and apollo being in conflict , she cultivates a friendship with climene , the daughter of alcandro , in order to seek the priest 's intercession with the god .
geshu 's intercession for wang , at much risk to himself , was praised by others of righteousness .
its founder , ignatius of loyola , was said to have been protected by the intercession of the blessed virgin mary during battle in his service as a soldier .
” edelmina was born without genital organs , and at the age of 7 she was inexplicably cured after her mother took her to the shrine dedicated to narcisa and prayed for her intercession .
however , al - zuhayli has defended the practice of beseeching god through the intercession of the prophet and saints ( tawassul ) saying this has been " absolutely permitted by the people of the sunnah , whether in life or after death , by many proofs from our scholars who wrote about it in the books of theology and jurisprudence . "
there are always a number of pilgrims who come to various houses and churches of the order on her feast day to ask for intercession , especially against blindness and diseases of the eyes .
during the leadership race , lamoureux suggested that a company run by hasselfield may have received an untendered federal grant by dubious means , through the intercession of south winnipeg liberal mp reg alcock ( later a federal cabinet minister ) .
the opposition to tawassul are against the intercession by the dead and absent , and include such muslim groups as salafi / wahhabi ’s and other sunni ’s who adhere to one or another of the 4 madh'hab ’s .
opponents and critics of ibn taymiyah claim that he rejected intercession completely as proved in qur'an and sunnah .
among the best - known accounts by catholics of faith healings are those attributed to the miraculous intercession of the apparition of the blessed virgin mary known as our lady of lourdes at the grotto of lourdes in france , and the remissions of life - threatening disease claimed by those who have applied for aid to saint jude , who is known as the " patron saint of lost causes " .
among carpatho - rusyn christians , the weeping icon of marijapovch is revered because it stands for believers as a witness to the protection and intercession of the most holy mother of god .
the rest were pardoned at the intercession of the franciscans ( jacobs , " jewish ideals " , pp . 192 - 224 ) .
with england ’s intercession , the treaty of knäred was signed on january 20 , 1613 .
according to the catholic communion , after his death , god granted many healings and miracles through the intercession of the " saint of kfifan . "
masona is said to have had such a close relationship with eulalia that by his prayers and her intercession a plague ravishing all lusitania was lifted .
from the thirteenth to the sixteenth centuries , plague banners were produced and carried in processions as a way to plead for divine intercession to prevent or cure the plague .
as a result of the miracle involving the madwoman as well as other miracles wrought at his intercession after death , he was acclaimed a saint by the people .
wood wrote that he owed this favour to the intercession of his mother , whom brent had known from a girl .
in the eastern church litanies are always a part of the official liturgy , and they have at least three different forms : synaptae ( collect ) , ektenie ( " intense " prayer of intercession and pardon based in part on psalm 50)and aitaesis ( intercessory prayer for peace , pardon and protection ) .
due to the intercession of the abbot of glendalough - members of lorcán 's family had been buried at one of its churches for generations - relations were amicably restored between diarmait and muirchertach .
at the age of 20 , she became ill with rheumatic fever and credited her eventual recovery to intercession by spirits .
he also published " a true relation of the unjust accusation of certain french gentlemen " ( 1671 ) , an account of holles 's intercession on their behalf and of his dispute with lord chief justice keeling ; and he left " memoirs " , written in exile in 1649 , and dedicated " to the unparalleled couple , mr oliver st john ... and mr oliver cromwell ... " published in 1699 and reprinted in baron maseres 's " select tracts relating to the civil wars " , i. 189 .
however following delaying tactics , including an intercession to thomas cromwell by brereton , the abbot and canons were discharged and awarded pensions .
the orthodox church does not define exactly how departed saints are made aware of requests for their intercession , or exactly how the departed may be helped by prayers made on their behalf .
later on , a miraculous healing through the intercession of blessed richard pampuri , took place on 5 january 1982 at alcadozo , near albacete , spain .
both those for and against the intercession of saints quote .
also some anglo - catholics believe in saintly intercession .
they will be able - with the inspiration and help of god , which is sought in so many prayers , and through the intercession of the virgin mary - resolve these problems peacefully in justice and right order , with due respect for the rights of god and jesus christ , our king . "
henry always believed that his kidney and his recovery came about through escriva 's intercession .
this was followed by prayers of thanksgiving , intercession , the lord 's prayer , and other prayers .
an issue on which catholic and orthodox faiths are united against protestantism is that the souls of at least some of the saints in heaven are aware of those who call upon them in request of their intercession .
intercession by general edward harden of athens , to whom payne had a letter of introduction , accomplished his release .
michael j. sheehy has since recorded three solo albums for beggar 's banquet and two for glitterhouse , and has fronted " saint silas intercession " with his brother patrick .
having been allegedly cured of her paralysis by the intercession of the virgin mary , she changed her name to marie ( french : mary ) and vowed to devote her life to the service of mary .
it begins with the " unde et memores " and the " epiclesis " ; then come the " te igitur " , prayer for the pope , " memento domine famulorum famularumque tuarum " , and eventually " nobis quoque peccatoribus " , in short , the whole intercession after the consecration .
their days are spent in study and meditation but also in the performance of rituals honoring various bodhisattvas , praying for the dead , and seeking the intercession of bodhisattvas on behalf of the ill .
after nearly three years in the fearsome louisiana state penitentiary angola prison farm , he was released through the intercession of then governor jimmie davis , also a songwriter and musician .
upon the intercession of the prelates , his life was spared , and his sentence commuted to banishment for life to ireland , an allowance of forty marks being made him for his residence at drogheda .
wright argues that another point bede is making is that it is because of the intercession of st peter himself that the mission continued .
he was released in 1744 as a result of the intercession of george ii of england .
the orthodox cathedral , dedicated to the intercession of the theotokos , was erected in 1760 .
in the same year the mián again marched as far as khanpur in order to punish the dáúdpotahs , but at the intercession of the sayyeds of uch he pardoned them and returned without going further .
he considered the intercession his masterpiece and is interred within a wall vault in the north ( left - hand ) transept , underneath a stone frieze ' retrospective ' of his buildings .
when they fell upon the city of amastris , the intercession of st. george helped the inhabitants to survive the raid .
by 1694 , he completed the intercession church , with donations by peter i ; its style is now known as naryshkin baroque .
in 1864 a russian - language school was opened there and in 1871 an orthodox church of intercession of our most holy lady was built at the main town square .
loboc documented so many miracles which they attribute to the loving intercession of the virgen de guadalupe .
phoebe , grateful for erika 's intercession on her behalf , goes with her to her apartment , where erika confesses john is her lover just before he arrives .
amazing grace , bethesda , canton , concord , erie , family bible , fortitude , frugality , funeral thought , home , hopewell , humility , iantha , imandra , immensity , intercession , joyful sound , loving kindness , majesty , malinda , merit , missionary hymn , mount carmel , new hope , new market , newport , redemption , redeeming love , saint paul , sharon , solemn thought , star in the east , sweet prospect , the good shepherd , the mariner , the mouldering vine , the pilgrim 's lot , the shepherd 's joy , tranquility , union , wakefield , westford , zion 's call
according to a 1989 newspaper article , " within seven months of her burial at st. benedict 's convent , bishop joseph busch was hearing rumors of cures and favors granted through sister annella 's intercession .
before his departure , towards the end of october , 1096 , he composed the war - song of the crusade , in which he asked the intercession of the queen of heaven , the salve regina " ( migne , " dict . des croisades " , s. v. adhémar ) .
both orders quickly lost momentum in prison camps and were abandoned after intercession by the swiss .
in 1771 the inhabitants built the church of st. nicholas and in 1813 the church of the intercession .
through the intercession of the holy olav , king and martyr , let them for the salvation of body and soul .
further , bonet 's intercession seems to have been successful .
through the intercession of south african president nelson mandela – who made a high - profile visit to gaddafi in 1997 – and u.n. secretary - general kofi annan , gaddafi agreed in 1999 to a compromise that involved handing over the defendants to the netherlands for trial under scottish law . :
he is a saint whose intercession is requested for children ( and unborn children in particular ) ; childbirth ; mothers ( and expectant mothers in particular ) ; motherhood ; falsely accused people ; good confessions ; lay brothers ; and muro lucano , italy .
for this reason , the name of the feast is variously translated as the veil of our lady , the protecting veil of the theotokos , the protection of the theotokos , or the intercession of the theotokos .
their halt and retreat were attributed by the church to the intercession of the virgin mary once more .
every year , on 28 august a great number of orthodox pilgrims come to pochayiv lavra to honour saint job , venerate his relics , and ask for his intercession .
stories of muhammad 's life , his intercession and of his miracles ( particularly " splitting of the moon " ) have permeated popular muslim thought and poetry .
this chapel was rebuilt by david ii of scotland between 1329 and 1371 after he recovered from battle wounds thanks to the intercession of the saint .
they do not teach that saints possess any powers of their own , and any miracle attributable to their intercession is the product of the power of god and not any supernatural power of the saint .
in 1908 , the aeronautical division , at the intercession of president theodore roosevelt in the acquisition process , purchased a nonrigid dirigible from thomas scott baldwin for $ 6,750 , and an airplane from the wright brothers for $ 25,000 .
church of the intercession in harbin .
the rozvi have always prayed directly to god without seeking the intercession of any spirit of dead relatives .
acts of formal recognition , such as the erection of an altar over the saint 's tomb or transferring the saint 's relics to a church , were preceded by formal inquiries into the sanctity of the person 's life and the miracles attributed to that person 's intercession .
in fact , ibn taymiya upheld that anyone who rejected the intercession of muhammad on the day of judgment had indeed disbelieved .
after one hundred and fifty miracles wrought in the behalf of such as had recourse to her intercession were juridically proven , she was canonized in 1696 .
in march 1570 he formed with other lords the joint letter to elizabeth asking for the queen 's intercession and supporting mary 's claims , and was present at the convention held at linlithgow in april in opposition to the assembly of the king 's party at edinburgh .
the " fragmentary annals of ireland " contain an account of the battle , and this attributes the defeat of the norsemen to the intercession of saint columba following fasting and prayer .
through the relics and intercession of saint martin the son was healed ; chararic and the entire royal household converted to the nicene faith .
barring intercession from the governor , he is to die for his crime .
we offer up every heartbeat and every breath as a thousand acts of love " ) and the prayer for the holy spirit ( " come holy spirit , by the most powerful intercession of your dearly beloved spouse , the immaculate heart of mary " ) .
his intercession with the ottoman government on behalf of persecuted jews finally led to his exile to damascus but he was permitted to return to palestine , arriving in jerusalem before the entry of the british army .
architect leonid popov ( and co - authors m.zelenin and m.ilin ) based insipired by the historic connotation with respect to the city of serpukhov , based the overall design on ancient russian architecture and in particular the church of the intercession on the nerl , which is repeated in the design of the portals and the beige marble composition .
chang ’s grave , the police guarded the grave to prevent veneration , but reports of miracles accomplished through the intercession of fr .
only the intercession of shi dan -- who risked his life by stepping onto the carpet of the imperial bed chamber , an act that only the empress was allowed to do , at the pain of death -- led emperor yuan to cease those thoughts .
situated by the side of coconut palms and a wide stretch of arecanut fields , at a village called maikavu which is about 40 km from calicut town , this church is the refuge of thousands of people all over the world who seek the intercession of st. george .
the church of the intercession at fili ( ) is a naryshkin baroque church commissioned by the boyar lev naryshkin in his suburban estate fili ; the territory has belonged to city of moscow since 1935 .
after the intercession of ekaterina peshkova ( wife of maxim gorky ) , florensky was allowed to return to moscow .
they would then place their fingers into their ears by way of intercession with this saint .
her father , rev. emmanuel charles mccarthy , a melkite catholic , immediately rounded up relatives and prayed for edith stein 's intercession .
although the saint left his family in order to devote his life more fully to god , the poem makes clear that his father , mother , and wife are saved by the alexis ' intercession and join him in paradise .
one such possibility , welch says , is that the story is of a historical telescoping nature : " that a situation that was known by muhammad 's contemporaries to have lasted for a long period of time later came to be encapsulated in a story that restricts his acceptance of intercession through these goddesses to a brief period of time and places the responsibility for this departure from a strict monotheism on satan . "
shortly afterwards , through the intercession of pope alexander iii , béla was reconciled with archbishop andrew .
the smithsonian initially hesitated at the requirements but the intercession of president theodore roosevelt allowed for the project to proceed .
the most important event was the tempest that struck against venice on 15 february 1340 and which , according to legend , was pushed back only through the supernatural intercession of st. mark , st. george and st. nicholas , brought to the lagoon by a humble fisherman .
he was involved in intercession for many years , before seeing revival across southern africa from 1915 - 1920 .
the church is located in the " church street " , north east of " hongbo square ' ( where czar nicolas ' central church was ) , on east dazhi avenue , where there are also harbin nangang christian church ( protestant ) and church of the intercession in harbin ( eastern orthodox ) .
he argues that allah is the most merciful , and seeking intercession and intermediaries towards forgiveness implies that a saint or a prophet is more merciful and understanding than allah .
at their intercession , the harpies agree to stop tormenting the dead souls , and instead receive the true stories of the dead in exchange for leading them again to the upper world .
4 . a lyric prayer for , or affirmation of the need of , intercession .
it is said that many who fell under the king 's wrath were saved from too stern a punishment by the queen 's influence over her husband , and the statement , " pardoned solely on the intercession of our dearest consort , queen margaret of england " , appears .
muslims believe that the practise of seeking intercession began during the life of muhammad .
they all made a solemn vow to god , that if through the intercession of st. joseph the parish were spared further deaths from cholera , they would in thanksgiving erect a suitable monument in honor of st. joseph , patron of the parish church .
many miracles have been attributed to the intercession of the blessed virgin mary under the title of our lady of prompt succor .
there are four churches in homebush west : st dominics catholic school , st columba anglican church , intercession of the holy virgin ukrainian orthodox church , homebush baptist church .
only with li sheng 's intercession was the relationship between ma and li baozhen restored .
if the feast has the rank of " memorial " , any parts specifically provided for the saint ( the " proper " parts ) are used , while the other parts come from the weekday , with exception of the hymn ( which may be optionally taken from the common texts ) , the antiphon for the " benedictus " ( which must be taken from the proper or the common ) , the intercession ( which may be optionally taken from the common texts ) , and the closing prayer ( which should be proper , or if missing , common ) .
however , thanks to raistlin 's intercession , guards discover them and they think that caramon has attacked crysania , as he is dressed in rags and she is covered in bruises .
in the liturgy of the western church the word litany is derived from the latin " litania " , meaning prayer of invocation or intercession .
since the canon law reform of 1983 , one miracle must be proven to have taken place through the intercession of the person to be beatified , though this requirement is not necessary for those who died a martyr , as their sanctity is already evident because of the fact that they were killed distinctly out of hatred for the faith ( " odium fidei " ) .
the prince 's retirement , which was only broken by the polish question and by his personal intercession on behalf of fouquet in 1664 , ended in 1668 .
traditionally , some of the penitents walk barefoot or drag heavy chains tied to their feet , in fulfilment of some vow for favours received through divine intercession .
zolotaryov was the author of iconostasis of the transfiguration church in novodevichy convent and the church of the intercession at fili and the icons of donskoy monastery .
the faithful are now invited to pray for a miracle attributed to their joint and sole intercession .
the trial was , however , generally regarded as a mockery , and on the intercession of the british government the sentence was commuted to banishment .
he was released thanks to the intercession of the bishop gregorij rožman in autumn of the same year .
the church of san cayetano in buenos aires , located in the barrio ( neighborhood ) of liniers is visited every august 7 by millions of devotees asking for his intercession in obtaining gainful employment or to thank him for employment already obtained .
only with li sheng 's intercession did ma and li baozhen make peace .
the neighboring magnates determined to restore the captured despots and secured venetian intercession in his favor .
on 26 june 2006 when pope benedict xvi confirmed the miracle done through her intercession , all steps in the process of beatification were completed .
his confessor , marconi , wrote benedict 's biography and attributed 136 separate cures to his intercession within three months of his death .
on 12 february 1747 donald maclachlan of that ilk received a charter for his lands " at the intercession of the duke of argyll " , though it was considerably unpopular decision at the time , and maclachlan 's estates were " surveyed but afterwards found not to be forfeited " .
emperor dezong , believing du jian 's accusation , ordered du you to execute li , but at du you 's intercession , li was spared . )
his release was attributed to the newly canonized saint stephen 's intercession whose coffin could only be opened when solomon retrieved his freedom .
besides christianity , ancestral worship is the most practiced non - christian religion which involves ancestor worship and spiritual intercession ; the mbira dza vadzimu , which means " voice of the ancestors " , an instrument related to many lamellophones ubiquitous throughout africa , is central to many ceremonial proceedings .
his first assignments were at the chapel of the intercession in new york city , at grace church in merchantsville , new jersey , and a short period at christ church in edinburgh .
his office as vice - chamberlain was saved through the intercession of sunderland , the chamberlain , but the incident appears to have stimulated him to complete his transition from tory to whig .
" trinity " , according to tradition , refers to the easternmost sanctuary of holy trinity , while the central sanctuary of the cathedral is dedicated to intercession of mary .
the kremlin was separated from the walled merchant town ( kitay - gorod ) by a 30-metre - wide moat , over which the intercession cathedral on the moat was constructed during the reign of ivan the terrible .
secondly , the intercession of gregory serves to set leobardus straight , after he had been tempted by the devil ( " life of the fathers " , xx , 3 ) , and so this act further enhances the authority of bishops as a whole .
and in our canon the greater part of this intercession ( " imprimis quæ tibi offerimus " , " commemoratio pro vivis " , " communicantes " ) also comes before the consecration , leaving only as a curious anomaly the " commemoratio pro defunctis " and the " nobis quoque peccatoribus " to follow after the anamnesis ( " unde et momores " ) .
at penruddock 's intercession , however , he was released ; he served as one of the commissioners for the trial of the insurgents at exeter in the following may. shortly afterwards , being unable to decide against the merchant george cony , who had sued a customs officer for levying duty from him by force without authority of parliament , he resigned ( 7 june 1655 ) rather than give further offence to the protector , and was succeeded by sir john glynne .
robert uselmann , a resident of monona , wisconsin had gone to sinsinawa mound with his family in 2001 to pray to mazzuchelli for his intercession in curing him of cancer .
tradition states that bertolf 's daughter was cured through the intercession of saint godelina .
numerous miracles were attributed to his intercession and to intercessory prayer near his remains .
temporary in 1834 the king frederick william iii of prussia interdicted this performance on whitsun for religious reasons , but by the intercession of his nephew prince frederick of prussia , an art enthusiast and protector of the art societies of düsseldorf , the festival regained permission with some restrictions .
so many favors are received for all those who seek their intercession .
he was pulled out of there thanks to intercession of croatian episcopate and dr. alojzije stepinac .
due to the intercession of captain castel , ricardo is released from jail .
the " alter rebbe 's " focus was on training his followers to become spiritually self - sufficient and to turn to their rebbe for instructions rather than intercession with god , miracles or blessings .
the three men were , however , soon freed and thus saved from imminent execution by the remarkable intercession of the polish soe agent , krystyna skarbek .
in 2000 a committee of vatican pathologists declared that the healing of the uterine cancer of a young mother , valeria herrera from córdoba , argentina , could not be explained medically , with which it was left to church authorities to decree that it was a miracle due to the intercession of ceferino namuncurá .
al - mansur , however , pardoned him on the intercession of his fellow tribesman musayyab ibn zuhair of dabba , and appointed him the instructor in literature of his son , afterwards the caliph al - mahdi .
it would be perfectly normal for an orthodox child , if orphaned , to end his evening prayers by asking for the intercession not only of the mother of god and the saints , but of his own mother and father .
the intercession cathedral ( 1822–36 ) , the churches of nativity ( 1823 ) , st. nicholas ( 1833 ) and several others date back to that time .
his relics were translated to a new church in licata , s. maria del carmine ; the ending of a plague in the kingdom of naples in 1656 was attributed to his intercession .
here he was detected in plotting against the life of brutus but was pardoned at the intercession of his brother , marcus valerius messalla corvinus .
years after , graham became president of northwestern college and vereide invited him to the rostrum for the presidential prayer breakfast , a role of prayer intercession which graham would carry out for 49 years .
in 2003 it was restarted and on the 8th january 2010 the congregation of the causes of saints accepted a miracle through his intercession .
he mentions many miracles , such as casting out of devils and other kinds of healing " which the power of the lord works there every day through the intercession of his saints . "
through the intercession of bishop felix the city of treviso was spared during the lombard invasion ( 569 ) and became the seat of a duchy .
bernard prayed for the intercession of mary in his confused time .
it was , according to bahá’ís , through the intercession of ` abdu’l - bahá that the edict was scrapped and the family all exiled together .
needing a way to get up to the choir loft the nuns prayed for st. joseph 's intercession for nine straight days .
they rejected therefore , as early as 1416 , everything that they believed had no basis in the bible , such as the veneration of saints and images , fasts , superfluous holidays , the oath , intercession for the dead , auricular confession , indulgences , the sacraments of confirmation and the anointing of the sick ; they admitted laymen and women to the preacher 's office , and chose their own priests .
subsequently , zhang was removed from his chancellor position , but at the intercession of the powerful eunuch gao lishi , avoided further punishment .
many catholic christians around the world ( and some non - catholics ) wear the miraculous medal , which they believe will bring them special graces through the intercession of mary if worn with faith and devotion .
the unexpected series of successes against superior numbers was attributed by the spanish and filipino participants to the intercession of virgin mary .
as a result of his intercession to our lady of rosary , he recovered not only what he had lost , but realised double the amount .
devotional akathists and canons have been composed in his honour , and are frequently chanted by the faithful as they ask for his intercession .
although initially rejected he was admitted after the intercession of the bishop of winchester , richard willis , who threatened to sack all of those involved if ayscough was not appointed in 15 minutes ..
the virgin of ta ' pinu has often been connected to several miraculous healings of both maltese and foreigners , who claim to have been saved , healed or helped through the intercession of the virgin .
meanwhile his wife had , on the intercession of the earl of ormonde , been restored to her possessions , and nugent , though figuring in fitzwilliam 's list of discontented persons , quietly recovered his old position and influence .
, was “ subversive and could have severe effects on the security of ( british troops ) , in germany and also in palestine . ” talbar spent four months in the british military prison of bielefeld until he was released after the intercession of his colonel in the jewish brigade .
on 30 june 1941 , tzipas was one of 27 communist prisoners released from the acronauplia at the request of the bulgarian embassy in athens with the intercession of bulgarian club in thessaloniki , which had made representations to the german occupation authorities .
while serving his time he had the misfortune accidentally to shoot a young man who came to visit him ; and although through the intercession of his master he escaped prosecution , the untoward event weighed heavily on his mind , and led him at the close of his apprenticeship to quit his native place .
with liu wu 's intercession , prince zhi was spared and he was instead given the principality of zaichuan .
his release came through his father 's intercession with an influential saxon official , professor apel .
yuwen and daxi put nanzheng under siege , and due to the length of the siege , yuwen and daxi became angry and ordered that the city be slaughtered when it falls , but at the intercession of xiao xun 's chief of staff liu fan ( 劉璠 ) , whom western wei forces captured during the siege and whose talent yuwen respected , yuwen rescinded the order .
he also believed in the power of intercession , i.e. of praying for others , and had felt this power himself , especially during his conversion to christianity .
with the intercession of the amshenower rebbe and the translation skills of leo ( ariyeh ) hanin , the japanese ultimately kept the jews of shanghai safe .
the rise of adolf hitler and the outbreak of world war ii also marked a period of strong activity in howells ' ministry of intercession .
eventually bover was released , through the intercession of joyce and another of the delegates , mark turner , a midshipman from " terrible " , and helped by his previous status as a favourite among the crew .
( the attempted intercession was in vain ; two were burnt at smithfield " in great horror with roaring and crying . " )
