it is not certain what caused the crash , but a 1986 inquest suggests that the turbulence from a su-11 ' fishpot - c ' interceptor using its afterburners may have caused gagarin 's plane to go out of control .
there are a total of six cars in off - world interceptor , each with its own unique attributes and abilities .
the aircraft in firepower include the b-17 flying fortress models f and g , b-29a superfortress , arado 234b blitz , dewoitine d.520 fighter , dornier 217 m medium bomber , dornier 217n night fighter , he-162a salamander , me334 , me410a schnellbomber , me410b-2 r-3 zerstorer , me410b-2 u-2 r-4 zerstorer , me410b-2 u-4 zerstorer , p-40n warhawk , ta-154 moskito , ta-152c1 r31 , ta-152h-1 , ta-183 huckebein ( raven ) interceptor , avro lancaster mk iii heavy bomber , ho-229 v5 supersonic fighter /bomber , avro lancaster gs heavy bomber , and a b-24j liberator .
air to air missiles also have a wide range of sizes , ranging from helicopter launched self defense weapons with a range of a few miles , to long range weapons designed for interceptor aircraft such as the phoenix missile .
leon county uses the ford crown victoria police interceptor as its main patrol vehicle .
the second series of spy changers ( based on the unused g2 go - bots ) were prowl 2 ( a 1994 1994 - 1996 police interceptor ) , side swipe ( a camaro pro - stock top fuel racer ) , side burn ( an earlier model dodge viper than the larger side burn ) , and the improperly - named daytonus ( a porsche 962 racing car ) .
intensive discussions between avro and the rcaf examined a wide range of alternative sizes and configurations for a supersonic interceptor , culminating in rcaf " specification air 7 - 3 " in april 1953 .
kenner released tie fighter and tie interceptor toys during the original " star wars " trilogy 's theatrical release , and kenner 's die - cast tie bomber is a rare collector 's item .
the 86th ad continued to fly an air defense mission using its separate fighter - interceptor squadrons while simultaneously providing control of the airways through efforts of the various aircraft control and warning units .
a two - seat trainer version was planned , as was a reconnaissance and all - weather interceptor version .
sidi slimane was also used by the usafe seventeenth air force which assigned the 45th fighter - interceptor squadron equipped with f-86d sabres to provide air defense of the usaf bases in morocco during the 1950s .
it is compatible with the deltoid axillary protection system , e - sapi ( enhanced small arms protective insert ) and side sapi plates , as well as the interceptor body armor 's groin protector .
not used in korea due to it not being believed as " rugged " as its famous " d " model predecessor , the p-51h was used instead to equip air national guard units into the 1950s as an adc interceptor .
the f-86 was produced as both a fighter - interceptor and fighter - bomber .
fitted with sophisticated electronic search and tracking equipment , " searcher " could detect , track , and report enemy aircraft at great distances , and control high - speed interceptor aircraft in event of attack .
in response to a united states army air service pursuit alert ( special ) requirement for an interceptor aircraft , dayton - wright airplane company designed an aircraft with the army designation ps-1 .
its limited range and light armament- notably its inability to carry bombs- made it best suited for duty as a point - defence interceptor .
from 1955 to 1958 , the unit was organized as a fighter - interceptor squadron and charged with defending the baltimore - washington area against possible soviet bomber attack .
while cloudbase is defended by the " angels " interceptor aircraft squadron , the organisation also boasts a fleet of spectrum pursuit vehicles ( " spvs " ) hidden in secret locations all over the world .
fasa published a number of titles in support of their " renegade legion " games . " interceptor " , " centurion " and " leviathan " each had a number of modules that provided interlinking scenarios for gamers , and each had one technical sourcebook that provided additional ship and vehicle designs .
the design of the bv 155 high - altitude interceptor was started in mid-1943 .
since retiring from tennis , she has turned to television presenting , with such shows as " treasure hunt " and " interceptor " .
the 26th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
the road was created as part of the thames embankment in the mid 19th century and lies above a large interceptor sewer .
the spitfire 's original role , and the one at which it proved to be a formidable aircraft was that of short - range land - based interceptor .
honda interceptor .
angel interceptor .
the air defense command 40th fighter - interceptor squadron ( december 1961 - may 1962 ) equipped with the convair f-102 delta dagger stood an air defense mission .
in the 1950s he flew f-51 's and f-86 's for the 431st fighter - interceptor squadron at selfridge air force base in michigan and what was then wheelus air base in libya .
the interceptor , too , was able to hijack available transportation , but had his own fleet available to him .
boeing delivered its first arrow 2 interceptor to israel in 2005 .
in 1943 , in response to the allied air attacks on germany , the base transitioned to a day / night interceptor airfield as part of the " defense of the reich " campaign by the luftwaffe .
the usaaf ninth air force transferred two p-61 black widow night interceptor squadrons to scorton from raf charmy down near bath in somerset to train and fly with the raf night fighter operational training unit assigned there .
its price was high — about 30% higher than the jensen interceptor , and more than that of luxury gts from much more prestigious makes .
units stationed here have included the 73 gviap ( 73rd guards interceptor aviation regiment ) flying mig-29 aircraft in the 1990s and 2000s ; and the 52 gv tbap ( 52nd guards heavy bomber aviation regiment ) flying tu-16 bombers , taking on 19 tupolev tu-22 m ( backfire ) aircraft starting in 1982 , and transitioning to an itbap ( instructor heavy bomber aviation regiment ) in 1989 .
the f-4 ’s primary adversary during this engagement was the soviet - built mikoyan - gurevich mig-21 ‘ fishbed’ , a small fighter designed as a short - range interceptor , a role that perfectly suited its use by the vpaf .
the base has also maintained an alert site for fighter - interceptor aircraft ( primarily air national guard aircraft ) of the aerospace defense command ( adc ) , tactical air command ( tac ) and air combat command ( acc ) , conducting the continental air defense mission .
the 54th fighter - interceptor group is an inactive united states air force unit , last assigned to the air defense command , being stationed at greater pittsburgh airport , pennsylvania .
the ' group has its origins at selfridge field , michigan in june 1941 when the 49th pursuit group ( interceptor ) was activated .
the " interceptor " is armed with twelve 6-pound main deck guns , six on deck and six in the cabin , and four 2-pound guns on the poop deck ( the high deck with the steering wheel ) .
the hawaiian interceptor command suffered heavy losses during the japanese attack on pearl harbor ( 7 december 1941 ) , but airmen managed to shoot down several enemy aircraft .
on 1 september 1949 conac created the western air defense force , to which the 78th fighter wing was assigned . redesignated the 78th fighter - interceptor group in january 1950 .
despite public outcry - even public polls - " interceptor " was never recommissioned for a subsequent series .
this plane was created as a fighter - interceptor .
during the vietnam war , vu xuan thieu , a north vietnam pilot , is said to have rammed his mig-21 into an american b-52 , accounting for the second loss of a b-52 to an enemy interceptor ( the first one was shot down by pham tuan ) .
work on the tr.4 continued through this period , but in the summer of 1946 , avro canada asked them to produce a new 6,500 lbf ( 28.9 kn ) engine for their cf-100 canuck interceptor design .
in 1972 , the unit was redesignated the 120th fighter - interceptor group and assigned the f-106 delta dart , the first air national guard unit to receive this aircraft .
the interceptor had been under development since 1953 , and had suffered from many cost overruns and complications .
honda has produced a number of different motorcycles with the interceptor name .
the 398th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit , last assigned to the air defense command , being stationed at hamilton afb , california .
vostochny airport ( ) is an interceptor aircraft base in kursk oblast , russia located 7 km east of kursk .
the 49th fighter interceptor squadron replaced the 4727th adg in october 1959 and converted from the mcdonnell f-101 voodoo to the convair f-106 delta darts in late 1968 .
upon being granted the contract for the f-14 , grumman greatly expanded its calverton , long island , new york facility to test and evaluate the new swing - wing interceptor .
he kept a detailed diary of his tour and the novel closely follows a chronology of events he experienced as an f-86 sabre pilot with the 4th fighter - interceptor wing , based at kimpo air base , korea .
previously , soldiers had complained that the high collar of the interceptor pushed the back of the helmet forward , in turn moving the helmet brim over their eyes when they attempted to fire from a prone position .
with her heavy guns , she was planned by the union navy for use as a bombardment gunboat , but also as an interceptor gunboat stationed off confederate waterways to prevent their trading with foreign countries .
it is notable that no aircraft were lost through accidents during 17,000 hours of operational use in spain although it should also be noted that the aircraft was used in its intended role of an interceptor and mainly in very good flying weather .
they are first the guards of the " h.m.s. interceptor " until one of their arguments allows jack sparrow to board it .
on 1 december 1952 , the 47th was re - designated the 47th fighter - interceptor squadron and was activated at niagara falls municipal airport , new york .
the 518th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
a size ' medium ' iotv weighs 3.6 pounds less than the interceptor 's ' medium ' vest , while providing more coverage .
when placed in a modified d.i it suddenly became one of the best - climbing aircraft in the world , and found use in home defense units as an interceptor .
since 1998 , when north korea launched a taepodong-1 missile over northern japan , the japanese have been jointly developing a new surface - to - air interceptor known as the patriot advanced capability 3 ( pac-3 ) with the us .
uscg long range interceptor .
the f-61s available , however , were largely war - weary and the night fighter f-82c / d models were modified into an all - weather interceptor to replace it .
" cannikin " was intended to test the design of the spartan anti - ballistic missile ( abm ) interceptor – a high - yield warhead that " produced copious amounts of x - rays and minimized fission output and debris to prevent blackout of abm radar systems . "
the current patrol vehicle is the ford crown victoria police interceptor .
the 456th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
the f.20/27 , sometimes referred to as the interceptor was a clean , single - engined , single - seat and single - bay biplane , fabric - covered over a metal frame .
increasing speed reduced the time the defender had to deal with the aircraft while it was still within the range of their defensive weapons , and flying higher meant it took longer to guide an interceptor into range , while dramatically increasing the size and expense of anti - aircraft guns .
for similar reasons , the phantom would replace the navy 's f-8 crusader as the primary daylight air superiority fighter in the vietnam conflict , although it was originally introduced as a missile - armed interceptor to complement day fighters like the crusader .
originally , it was an air defense command ( adc ) base employing the sage system and fighter interceptor aircraft to deter a soviet bomber attack .
after the war , north field stayed in american hands until after the korean war , when it was turned over to the japan self - defense forces as an interceptor base .
the arrow system consists of the joint production hypersonic arrow anti - missile interceptor , the elta m-2080 " green pine " early - warning aesa radar , the tadiran telecom " golden citron " ( " citron tree " ) c3i center , and the israel aerospace industries " brown hazelnut " ( " hazelnut tree " ) launch control center .
the group and its operational squadron , the 432d fighter - interceptor squadron was assigned to minneapolis - st .
interceptor team .
a similar tune was found in the 1988 amiga flight simulator a-18 interceptor .
flight logs released in september 2004 in response to a lawsuit ( see below ) showed that bush , who had been flying solo in the f-102a delta dagger , an interceptor , for most of his career , flew nine times in t-33 trainers in february and march 1972 — nearly twice as many times as he had flown in t-33s in the prior 18 months .
the convair f-106 delta dart has used such a nozzle design , as part of its overall design specification as an aerospace interceptor for high - altitude bomber interception , where conventional nozzle design would prove ineffective .
520th fighter - interceptor squadron .
a performance model , the " gt " was available with the 400 v8 in 1978 and the " e58 " police interceptor ( 360 v8 - 195 hp ) engine in 1979 along with hd suspension , special axle , special " gt " badging and a " turned metal " dash applique .
the f-6 was flown by the pakistan air force from 1965 to 2002 , the aircraft design undergoing around 140 modifications to improve its capabilities in the interceptor and close air support roles .
known as " snoopy " due to the shape of the nose , before the an / asg-18 equipped b-58 could fly , the xf-108 program was cancelled , and the proposed lockheed yf-12 interceptor was to instead receive the radar / missile system pair .
given the mig-31 's role as mach 2.8 + interceptor and the sustained afterburning this requires , its fuel consumption is higher when compared to other aircraft serving in different roles , such as the su-27 .
during its short operational service , mostly under the " repubblica sociale italiana " insignia , after the 8 september 1943 , this robust and fast fighter proved itself to be an outstanding interceptor at high altitude .
in 1926 blackburn partially deviated from their practice of building naval aircraft to design an interceptor fighter , intended to meet air ministry specifications f.9/26 ( day and night fighter ) and n.21/26 ( fleet fighter ) .
indeed , in the three films she either overtakes or flees all other ships , including the " interceptor " ( regarded as the fastest ship in the caribbean ) and the " flying dutchman " ( which is actually faster against the wind ) .
the economics seemed simple enough ; since rocket costs increase rapidly with size , the price of the icbm launching a large warhead should always be greater than the much smaller interceptor missile needed to destroy it .
it was part of honda 's family of first generation v4 engine motorcycles ( interceptor - vf400f vf500f vf700f vf750f vf1000f ) .
the " 1954 interceptor " concept first appeared shortly after the creation of the air force from the former us army air force in the post - world war ii era .
" this article is about the interceptor from the 1940s .
early 190s performance decreased at high altitudes ( usually 6,000 m ( 20,000 ft ) and above ) which complicated its use as a high - altitude interceptor , but these complications were mostly rectified in later models , notably the focke - wulf fw 190d variant in the autumn of 1944 .
during world war ii , incendiary rounds found a new use : they became one of the preferred types of ammunition for use in interceptor fighters .
reactivated by redesignation of north dakota air national guard 175th fighter - interceptor squadron in 1952 which was reverted to state control .
in january 1959 the 86th air division at ramstein air base assigned the 525th fighter - interceptor squadron to bitburg flying the tf-102a delta dagger .
the 520th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
that same year the squadron was re - designated the 173rd fighter interceptor squadron and assigned to the air defense command .
in the field of software development , an interceptor pattern is a software design pattern that is used when software systems or frameworks want to offer a way to change , or augment , their usual processing cycle .
the vindicator 's defensive systems operator fires two missiles that decoy the soviet interceptor missiles to detonate at high altitude .
the history of the 82d operations group goes back to 13 january 1942 , when the war department constituted the 82d pursuit group ( interceptor ) .
the double scorpion was also considered for use in the english electric p.1a interceptor ( which gave rise to the lightning )
unit redesignated 82d fighter - interceptor group and inactivated 8 jul 1956 as part of adc " project arrow " notable unit redesignation program .
later examples include the messerschmitt me 163 rocket - powered interceptor and the messerschmitt me 323 military glider which was tested with rocket engines to assist take - off .
it was released as a single with an ' instrumental ' b - side ( essentially the track minus the piano ) titled " interceptor boogie " .
there are three primary versions of the tornado ; the tornado ids ( interdictor / strike ) fighter - bomber , the suppression of enemy air defences tornado ecr ( electronic combat/ reconnaissance ) and the tornado adv ( air defence variant ) interceptor .
off - world interceptor is a third - person vehicular car combat game , released only for the 3do .
431st fighter - interceptor squadron .
no less than two fighter units , jagdgeschwader 53 ( jg 53 ) and jagdgeschwader 4 ( jg 4 ) , equipped with focke - wulf fw 190a and a few messerschmitt bf 109e fighters used for day interceptor missions against the american bomber fleets .
on 1 march 1999 12 radar squadron was formed at cfb bagotville to provide tactical control of fighter / interceptor aircraft ; it replaced a radar station at rcaf station mont apica which was closed .
the firefox is an interceptor aircraft with stealth capabilities , to the point that it is invisible to radar .
the rest was handed over to the russians who then created their own mikoyan - gurevich i-270 interceptor .
replacing the p-51 mustang as the philippine air force 's primary interceptor . f-86s
the mig-21 was the first successful soviet aircraft combining fighter and interceptor characteristics in a single aircraft .
the squadron was redesignated the 186th fighter - interceptor squadron and adopted the " charlie chicken " patch .
these typically are large aircraft that launch fighter - interceptor planes .
since the viggen was developed initially as an attack aircraft instead of an interceptor ( the saab 35 draken fulfilled this role ) , some emphasis was given to low fuel consumption at high subsonic speeds at low level for good range .
the town is home to andreapol air base , an important interceptor aircraft base guarding moscow .
each ioc was optimized to direct either sams or fighter / interceptor aircraft against incoming enemy aircraft or missile .
the 2004–present police interceptor is rated for 250 hp ( 190 kw ) because of the addition of a new air intake system .
the forthcoming 10 episodes will be an hour in length and highlights will include a restoration of a bmw 840ci and a jensen interceptor .
two years later , during 1958 , it received its first f-86l " sabre jet , " and re - designation as the 153d fighter interceptor group .
the starfighters from " interceptor " were represented not as individual units , but as whole squadrons launched from massive starships .
a high altitude interceptor with high speed would also be needed to defend against the mach 3 b-70 bomber then under development .
the town was home to lodeynoye pole air base , which hosted an interceptor aircraft regiment during the cold war .
the westland interceptor was a fighter developed by the british company westland aircraft to air ministry specification " f.20/27 " .
from 1977 until 1980 he flew f4n 's with naval reserve fighter squadron 201 at nas dallas and then three years as a member of the texas air national guard with the 147th fighter interceptor group as a pilot in the f4c.
however , the explosion unleashes a swarm of green insects , which immediately cover destinys interceptor .
in addition to the 4th fiw , the 334th fighter - interceptor squadron was activated on the base in 1950 , initially flying f-80 shooting stars , and in 1952 , being replaced by f-94 starfires .
the interceptor 400 was a turboprop - powered single - engined light aircraft developed from the aero commander 200 .
according to ing v kondratyev , in 1948 the third prototype yak-25 was used to test a " fixed zero - track undercarriage " , which was being designed for the yak-50 , and for the big twin - engined yak-120 interceptor ( which would later receive the reissued designation yak-25 , though it was unrelated to the original aircraft ) .
its designation was soon changed to hawaiian interceptor command .
after being captured by the united states army in april 1945 , it briefly became a combat airfield for ninth air force and after the war was used by the united states air forces in europe until 1968 in a variety of missions , from strategic reconnaissance to air defense interceptor .
this system was already under development for proposed use in the usaf 's ws-201 1954 interceptor ( dating from 1949 , which would lead to the f-102 delta dagger ) .
the music for 1988 's flight simulator computer game a-18 interceptor from electronic arts was obviously inspired by the " top gun " anthem " and many film scenes , spoof or serious , have been scored in a faux-"top gun " fashion .
operations began in 1952 with the activation of the 354th fighter - interceptor squadron .
another 100 mld treatment plant and interceptor sewers to channel wastewater downstream of vasna barrage are proposed for the second phase .
unofficially , it was recognized that there was still a bomber threat , and discussions had been underway since before the formal conclusion of the avro arrow program concerning the rcaf acquiring an " off the shelf " interceptor from the united states .
interceptor missiles - a pack missiles that follow the selected target .
first , four north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) allies of the u.s. – belgium , denmark , the netherlands , and norway – were looking to replace their f-104 g fighter - bomber variants of the f-104 starfighter interceptor ; furthermore , they were seeking an aircraft that their own aerospace industries could manufacture under license ,
he flew interceptor missions in a mig-21 jet fighter against united states aircraft during the vietnam war against us aircraft .
an element that may slightly increase costs compared to conventional sewerage is the introduction of grease traps or of interceptor chambers for the settlement of sludge .
the honda vf500f ( badged as " interceptor " for the us market ) is a 0.5l displacement sport motorcycle manufactured from 1984 to 1986 .
the drugs approved for use in the us are ivermectin ( sold under the brand name " heartgard " and several other generic versions ) , milbemycin ( " interceptor flavor tabs " and " sentinel flavor tabs " ) and moxidectin ( " proheart " ) administered as pills or chewable tablets .
however , " interceptor " was shown at the time when itv was undergoing major changes , and it became a casualty of them .
398th fighter - interceptor squadron .
vg-2 interceptor was the first device developed for this purpose , although more current technology such as the spectre iii ( stalcar in australia ) is now available .
castle air would contribute aircraft and pilots to treasure hunt 's descendant , " interceptor " .
egypt patterned its air defense force ( adf ) after the soviet anti - air defenses , which integrated all its air defense capabilities – antiaircraft guns , rocket and missile units , interceptor planes , and radar and warning installations .
where before combat in the air would have been between aircraft ; high flying bombers carrying nuclear weapons and fast interceptor fighter aircraft trying to stop them , now the guided missile , particularly the surface - to - air missile threatened all aircraft .
first long range interceptor in february 2006 with willard marine .
these dimensions are taken from visual comparison between a condor and a falcon interceptor , and may not be entirely accurate .
after the construction of a military airfield at denain , the airfield was reactivated by the luftwaffe , stationing jagdgeschwader 3 , a day fighter - interceptor unit assigned to the " defense of the reich " campaign against the american eighth air force heavy bombers attacking targets in occupied europe and germany .
the police interceptor has the interior trunk release in the center of the dashboard , while the civilian version has it in the driver 's door .
in 1964 the people 's liberation army air force requested an aircraft from shenyang aircraft corporation and the 601 institute to develop a fighter / interceptor to counter bombers and spy planes as the , then , newly introduced chengdu j-7 ( a reverse engineered mig-21f-13 ) was incapable of doing so .
its last assignment was with aerospace defense command 's interceptor weapons school at tyndall afb , florida .
activated as air defense command fighter - interceptor squadron , 1952 .
the f-102 was the first operational supersonic interceptor and delta - wing fighter of the usaf .
the mirage iii family grew out of french government studies begun in 1952 that led in early 1953 to a specification for a lightweight , all - weather interceptor capable of climbing to 18,000 m ( 59,040 ft ) in six minutes and able to reach mach 1.3 in level flight .
in 1987 interceptor launched pandora , a new premium priced label .
however , by 1955 , most western countries agreed that the interceptor age was replaced by guided missile age .
south of the city , k.i. sawyer afb , was an important air force installation during the cold war , host to b-52h bombers and kc-135 tankers of the strategic air command , as well as a fighter interceptor squadron .
it is operated as an air force base by canadian forces air command ( the largest in canada ) and is one of two bases in the country using the " cf-18 hornet " fighter / interceptor .
the ships are equipped with four chaff launch systems and the bel ajanta radar interceptor .
he was then assigned to the 87th fighter interceptor squadron at k.i. sawyer air force base , michigan , where he flew both t-33 and f-106 aircraft .
in 1995 , ash left school and released their breakthrough singles " kung fu " , " girl from mars " and " angel interceptor " .
the engine requirements changed after the idf 's role shifted from a high - speed interceptor to an air superiority fighter at the end of 1982 .
the mxy8 was designed in parallel with the j8 m to validate the design , and then to provide pilot training during the development of the actual interceptor .
a petrol interceptor is a trap used to filter out hydrocarbon pollutants from rainwater runoff .
for its replacement , the interceptor ( launched in 1966 ) , jensen turned to the italian coachbuilder , carrozzeria touring , for the body design , and to steel for the material .
during this time it was the primary interceptor , air superiority fighter and fighter bomber with the u.s. navy , marines and air force .
on 13 april 2007 , two interceptor crafts of the special task squadron were on ambush duty off tuas in the vicinity of tuas jetty , when a speedboat with six illegal immigrants and cartons of cigarettes intruded into singapore 's territorial waters at about 9.30 pm .
activated at fort george wright in april 1942 as v interceptor command , it was redesignated v fighter command in august .
in 1956 , the air defense command 331st fighter - interceptor squadron was transferred to webb from stewart air force base in new york to defend the southern united states border on air intercept missions as part of the central air defense force .
unlike smaller cutters , like the marine protector , the offshore patrol cutter and the national security cutter will be able to launch and retrieve both the short range prosecutor and the larger long range interceptor .
an example of an interceptor ( a fighter designed to take - off and quickly intercept and shoot down enemy planes ) would be the mig-25 .
in v - pvo service it was primarily an interceptor , supplanting older aircraft like the sukhoi su-15 and tupolev tu-28 .
the australian police commissioned the turbocharged models as their " interceptor " highway pursuit cars of choice .
orbital sciences corporation now launches their taurus rockets from 576-e. 576-e is also a candidate site for launches of kinetic energy interceptor boosters .
efforts in 1971 to develop the ' mandrake ' as a high - altitude interceptor ( yak-25pa ) proved unsuccessful .
although designed primarily as a fighter - interceptor aircraft , the spitfire proved its versatility in several different roles .
in the late 1960s and early 1970s the u.s. department of defense was in the process of performing tests for the nuclear warhead for the spartan anti - ballistic missile interceptor .
he served as an instructor at the air force interceptor weapons school from january 1956 to march 1958 and subsequently attended the united states air force experimental flight test pilot school at edwards air force base , california .
two vehicles are approved for use within the los angeles police department , they are the ford crown victoria police interceptor and the dodge charger .
contestant marcel has to escape the chasing interceptor by quadbike .
460th fighter - interceptor training squadron .
in 1953 american race car legend briggs cunningham had a left hand drive interceptor made with a chrysler hemi engine
to this day , russian officials continue to deny that this craft ever existed , leading some to believe that the purported space interceptor was all part of a successful soviet disinformation program meant to scare the american military into thinking twice about its plans for the space shuttle .
because of the heavy propellant use and the various practical difficulties of operating rockets , the majority of rocket planes have been built for experimental use , as interceptor fighters and space aircraft .
while the p-39 had originally been introduced as an interceptor , later in its development it was decided to reduce the cost and complexity of the engine by removing the turbocharger and replacing it with a simpler mechanical supercharger .
because the navy already had the a-4 skyhawk for ground attack and f-8 crusader for dogfighting , the project now had to fulfill the need for an all - weather fleet defense interceptor .
321st fighter - interceptor squadron .
however , delays in the delivery and development of the convair f-106a delta dart mach 2 + fighter - interceptor for adc command had at that time become worrisome , and the usaf decided to go ahead and accept the f-104as originally destined for the tac and assign them to the adc as a stopgap measure .
on 1 november ; the air force mobilized three more ang fighter interceptor squadrons .
one of its former chief designer was adolf tolkachev , who became an american spy and over the years between 1979 and 1985 , supplied a great deal of information about such projects r-23 , r-24 , r-33 , r-27 , and r-60 , s-300 , as well as about fighter - interceptor aircraft radars used on mig-29 , mig-31 , and su-27 and other avionics directly to the cia .
however , with the demise of any vehicles with these characteristics from general motors and chrysler , the ford crown victoria police interceptor has held a virtual monopoly on police cruisers sold in north america since 1996 .
until 1950 , mig-15 interceptor regiments were concentrated in the moscow district to protect the capital against us bomber attack .
the 57th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
the 484th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
the traditional means of achieving this is with the passive grease trap ( interceptor ) .
lemay 's dislike for tactical aircraft and training backfired in the low - intensity conflict of vietnam , where existing air force interceptor aircraft and standard attack profiles proved incapable of carrying out sustained tactical bombing campaigns in the face of hostile north vietnamese antiaircraft defenses .
apart from developing original titles and porting existing games to other platforms they also developed custom " loaders " and produced the tape masters for the duplication of interceptor and other companies titles .
the lockheed xf-104 was a single - engine , high - performance , supersonic interceptor aircraft designed as the prototype for a united states air force series of lightweight and simple fighters .
the united states air force decided to wait the short time needed to introduce newer and much more capable designs created as a part of the 1954 interceptor project .
the lockheed f-104 starfighter was an american single - engined , high - performance , supersonic interceptor aircraft that served with the united states air force ( usaf ) from 1958 until 1967 .
the 538th fighter - interceptor squadron is an inactive united states air force unit .
the kr-15 was an expendable version of the r-15 engine used on the twin - engine mig-25 foxbat interceptor .
in 1943 , coulommiers was brought back online as an operational base , initially with day interceptor fighters ( skg 10 ) to attack usaaf eighth air force heavy bombers as part of the " defense of the reich " campaign .
the last fixed - wing aircraft they built was experimental sr53 mixed - power interceptor .
in the spring of 1944 , as a result of the luftwaffe going on a defensive footing as part of the " defense of the reich " campaign , nachtjagdgeschwader 5 ( njg 5 ) in april and nachtjagdgeschwader 6 ( njg 6 ) in may moved to hagenau , equipped with messerschmitt bf 110 night interceptor fighters equipped with radar to attack the royal air force heavy bomber fleets attacking targets in germany .
a polaris missile , in the stars configuration was launched as a target from kodiak island at 20:04 utc , and a ground based interceptor carrying an exoatmospheric kill vehicle was launched from vandenberg air force base at 20:21 .
f-22 interceptor .
obviously , the interceptor must understand the language being spoken .
the hms " interceptor " is the fictional ship that appeared in the 2003 film ' .
the rogožarski ik-3 , a 1930s yugoslav low wing monoplane single seat interceptor fighter with retractable landing gear , was a product of the design team of ljubomir ilić and kosta sivčev as a successor to their ik-2 fighter .
the next day , bruce wayne and lex luthor are competing for a military contract concerning a stealth interceptor robot and the o.g.r.e. disaster rescue robot .
the convair f-106 delta dart has used such a nozzle design , as part of its overall design specification as an aerospace interceptor for high - altitude bomber interception , where conventional nozzle design would prove ineffective .
adc assigned truax afb to its central air defense force and activated the wisconsin air national guard 's 128th fighter - interceptor group , normally based in milwaukee .
on may 20 , 1957 , milton torres was a 25-year - old lieutenant with the 514th fighter interceptor squadron in the 406th air expeditionary wing based at raf manston in kent .
in june 1951 the french " armée de l'air " issued a requirement for a jet aircraft capable of acting as a bomber , a low - level attack aircraft , or an all - weather interceptor .
the boulton paul defiant was a british fighter aircraft and bomber interceptor used early in the second world war .
the system is composed of a radar , a control center , and interceptor missiles .
after will turner frees him from prison , jack schemes to commandeer the " interceptor " by pretending to hijack norrington 's command ship , the " dauntless " .
54th fighter - interceptor group .
in addition to strategic bombers , dow was home to the 14th fighter group and 101st fighter interceptor wing of the maine air national guard .
the interceptor and two of the competing f.20/27 designs , the vickers jockey and de havilland dh.77 , are historically important because they were monoplane fighter prototypes , after a long period during which the standard fighter design was a biplane .
colonel harold h. george served initially as chief of logistics , but by december 8 was chief of staff for v interceptor command .
the ff was related to the similar - looking , rear - wheel drive , jensen interceptor , but is longer , and mechanically very different .
in 1964 , sukhoi started work on s-58m. the aircraft was supposed to represent a modification of the sukhoi su-15 interceptor ( factory designation s-58 ) .
today , practically every radar detector on the market is immune to the vg-2 interceptor .
dinky interceptor .
other air defense command units conducting air defense missions from otis afb at this time included the 4707th air defense wing , the 33rd fighter wing , and the 58th and 60th fighter - interceptor squadrons .
built to a 1948 usaf specification for a radar equipped interceptor to replace the aging northrop f-61 black widow and north american f-82 twin mustang , it was specifically designed to counter the threat of the ussr 's new tupolev tu-4 bombers ( reverse - engineered boeing b-29 ) .
headquarters adc also stationed the 4650th air transport squadron later designated as the 4650th combat support squadron provided adc with air transportation for parts and equipment and to transport personnel from the fighter interceptor squadrons to training bases where the crews could conduct live missile firings .
however at the time of their arrival in europe , the f-102 was already being replaced by the mcdonnell f-101 voodoo and the convair f-106 delta dart in the aerospace defense command as an interceptor , and by much more versatile mcdonnell f-4 phantom ii .
f / a-18 interceptor .
the unit captured the special achievement award for professionalism and team spirit , overall best looking aircraft , best f-106 team , major richard i. bong fighter interceptor award , top gun award , f- 106 category best looking aircraft award , the pratt and whitney award , the sperry corporation award , and the general dynamics corporation award .
su-27pu long - range interceptor .
the ford crown victoria " police interceptor . "
groom saw the first flight of most major blackbird variants : a-12 , the abortive yf-12 interceptor variant , and the d-21 blackbird - based drone project .
mikhail yangel was appointed head designer , but his work was complicated by multiple changes in role from escort fighter to interceptor , dive bomber and to reconnaissance .
it was home to 611 iap ( 611th interceptor aviation regiment ) flying 39 su-15 aircraft in the 1970s and su-27 aircraft by the 1990s .
although based at hahn , the 496th fis was assigned to the 86th fighter - interceptor wing at ramstein air base .
contestant hillary is unaware that she was taken on a ride in a tractor by the interceptor .
the interceptor chases contestant candy ( who is travelling in a rolls - royce ) on horseback .
when the bomarc missile was phased out , the sage guidance system ( tddl , time - division data link ) continued to be used for sending commands to nike missiles and interceptor autopilots .
the general electric yj93 turbojet engine was designed as the powerplant for both the north american xb-70 valkyrie bomber and the north american xf-108 rapier interceptor .
test pilots gave a negative assessment of the interceptor , causing it to be withdrawn from the f.20/27 competition .
the car driven by bob newhart ’s character is a jensen interceptor .
non - residential sources can include wastewater from commercial / industrial development , grease interceptor as well as other sources such as portable toilet , rv , and boat wastes .
the day - to - day operations of the command was to train and maintain tactical flying units flying jet interceptor aircraft ( f-94 starfire ; f-102 delta dagger ; f-106 delta dart ) in a state of readiness with training missions and series of exercises with sac and other units simulating interceptions of incoming enemy aircraft .
the museum also has an english electric canberra pr.3 , two english electric lightnings ( the raf 's fastest ever interceptor ) , two gloster meteors ( one on loan from the royal air force museum ) , a armstrong whitworth sea hawk fga.6 , a mil mi-24 helicopter , and many others .
in september 1949 , the swedish defence material administration issued a request for a fighter / interceptor aircraft , and work began at saab the same year .
in the first episode , lynley drove a peugeot 607 ; in subsequent early episodes , he drove a jensen interceptor , and in later episodes a bristol 410 .
during the 1970s it was home to the 991 iap ( 991st interceptor aviation regiment ) , which flew mig-25 foxbat aircraft .
the emergency measure of adapting a ki-61-ii - kai fighter to carry a mitsubishi radial engine resulted in an excellent fighter - interceptor , one of the best used by the army during the entire war .
