the obvious disadvantage is that the definition of an interlingua is difficult and maybe even impossible for a wider domain .
he authored " interlingva : mezhdinarodnij jazijk " ( interlingua : lingua international ) .
while at the cambridge language research unit , in 1956 he created semantic nets as an " interlingua " for machine translation of natural languages .
blair co - authored the " interlingua grammar " , which was published by iala in 1951 .
since 1992 , he has served as a counselor of the union danese pro interlingua ( diu ) , where he has combined his interest in computers and languages .
interlingua .
panorama in interlingua .
thorndike also studied auxiliary languages and influenced the work of the international auxiliary language association , which developed interlingua .
in this approach , the source language , i.e. the text to be translated is transformed into an interlingua , i.e. , an abstract language - independent representation .
novice speakers sometimes assume that an english expression is correct interlingua when in fact it is not sufficiently international .
interlingua .
ultimate credit for interlingua must go to the american heiress alice vanderbilt morris ( 1874–1950 ) , who became interested in linguistics and the international auxiliary language movement in the early 1920s .
in 1989 , she was elected french member of the general council of the union mundial pro interlingua .
volapük was largely displaced in the late 19th and early 20th centuries , specifically by esperanto , ido and interlingua ; all three have fewer distinct vowels , and are easier for english and spanish speakers to pronounce .
interlingua occasionally departs from this rule , chiefly because the letters " c " and " g " have hard and soft sounds .
interlingua offers a more flexible approach .
a compromise position holds that the irregular forms may be useful in some educational contexts ( e.g. , when using interlingua to teach international scientific vocabulary or as an intermediate step in the study of romance languages ) , but not in general communication .
interlingua has both gender - specific and gender - neutral pronouns .
it is possible to find discussions of this nature on the internet in english , esperanto , ido , interlingua and other ials , each understanding the other with little problem .
this has contributed to the adoption of the word " football " into the auxiliary language interlingua .
" interlingua : a grammar of the international language " .
in the 1980s , renewed relevance was given to interlingua - based , and knowledge - based approaches to machine translation in general , with much research going on in the field .
interest in interlingua grew , especially after a conference at the new european parliament in september , 1993 .
as an interlingua for integrating several process - related applications ( including production planning , process planning , workflow management and project management ) throughout the manufacturing process life cycle .
the university of granada in spain , for example , offers an interlingua course in collaboration with the centro de formación continua .
history of interlingua .
esperanto and interlingua are two planned languages which have taken radically different approaches to the problem of providing an international auxiliary language ( ial ) .
in interlingua , pronoun omission is most common with the pronoun " il " , which means " it " when referring to part of a sentence or to nothing in particular .
that ontology would be one form of upper ontology , serving as a logical " interlingua " that can translate ideas in one terminology to its logical equivalent in another terminology .
this may be partly because both supporters and opponents see interlingua as a candidate for being " the " universal , neutral second language for the world to use .
not surprisingly , the interlingua words " dece " and " un " are also separate .
" panorama in interlingua " , 2001 , issue 1 .
comparison between ido and interlingua .
in his forward to the 1995 revision , the author noted that interlingua was spoken from europe and north america to brazil , india , and central africa .
although they are both classed as ials , the intellectual bases of esperanto and interlingua are quite different .
if you do n't stop spreading interlingua , you will see ! "
in 1987 , the house of pedagogy published his manual on internationalisms in the slovak language , essentially an introduction to interlingua .
irregularities and exceptions in interlingua .
of the three languages , only interlingua is widely spoken today .
it is intended as a compromise between esperanto and naturalistic conlangs such as interlingua .
interlingua has a largely phonemic orthography .
erik berggren in compiling a 14,000-word swedish - interlingua dictionary , published in 1964 .
panorama in interlingua " , 2006 , issue 5 .
the form of an interlingua word is considered an " international prototype " with respect to the other words .
contacto is written in english and in parallel interlingua - english texts .
while the national languages limit word - building by convention and usage , interlingua has no such limits .
the french and german languages and the auxiliary languages interlingua and occidental also use the digraph for greek loanwords .
british interlingua society .
interlingua has no explicitly defined phonotactics .
an early practical application of interlingua was the scientific newsletter " spectroscopia molecular " , published from 1952 to 1980 .
grammatica de interlingua .
societate american pro interlingua .
in interlingua , the suffixes " -on " and " -ion " are occasionally used as augmentatives .
however , interlingua lacks adjective agreement and case endings , which make its noun and adjective morphology simpler .
interlingua ( iso 639 language codes " ia " , " ina " ) is an international auxiliary language ( ial ) , developed between 1937 and 1951 by the international auxiliary language association ( iala ) .
interlingua is taught in many high schools and universities , for example .
for example , both ido and novial were among the languages investigated by the international auxiliary language association ( iala ) , which developed interlingua .
the related forms in interlingua are " bon " , " melior " , and " le melior " .
the book describes the history and development of languages of the world , the specificities and commonalities of languages , ancient language writing and decoding , the development and spread of language families and individual languages , as well as the development and history of auxiliary languages like esperanto and interlingua .
lingua e vita is the official magazine of the british interlingua society ( bis ) .
when interlingua adopts foreign words , however , they frequently retain their original form .
thus , the addition of dutch and hungarian to interlingua 's control languages would not affect the resulting vocabulary .
finally , in 1956 , he took an interest in interlingua .
interlingua is now its primary language .
comparison between esperanto and interlingua .
interlingua , like occidental , was designed to have words recognizable at sight by those who already know a romance language or a language like english with much vocabulary borrowed from romance languages ; to attain this end gode accepted a degree of grammatical and orthographic irregularity and complexity considerably greater than in volapük , esperanto or ido , though still less than in most natural languages .
interlingua has a single diminutive suffix , -ett , for diminutives of all sorts .
alexander gode , editor of the first english - interlingua dictionary published in 1951 , remained in contact with collinson which had collected much of linguistic material in the university of liverpool ..
while gode saw interlingua as an outcome of the growth of science and technology , he believed that it was best described as a reflection of natural language , rather than of science .
the only ones with any significant number of speakers are ido , an esperanto reform , and interlingua , an independent " naturalistic " creation that aims to be intelligible without study to a european polyglot .
a " prototyping " technique then selects the most recent common ancestor of each eligible interlingua word or affix .
his interest in interlingua came about in 1953 , one year before the grammar was set in stone .
interlingua , which lays claim to a sizeable following , is sometimes considered a simplified , modern version of the language .
the system may also be set up such that the second interlingua uses a more specific vocabulary that is closer , or more aligned with the target language , and this could improve the translation quality .
a related point of criticism is that interlingua 's credential as being standard average european is too weak outside the romance languages .
he was also the editor of the now - defunct interlingua journal " le foro " , and of the psychological journal " multivariate behavioral research " .
the development of the language is similar in its process to interlingua - to create a word or a grammatical form in folkspraak samples are taken from all of the germanic languages and the form common to most of the languages is selected .
while interlingua has simpler grammar , syntax , and orthography than its source languages ( though more complex and irregular than esperanto or ido ) , naturalistic fictional languages typically mimic behaviors of natural languages like irregular verbs and nouns and complicated phonological processes .
thanks to the internet , interlingua has seen a resurgence over the last decade , with the number of speakers jumping tenfold by some estimates .
speakers of other languages can also learn to speak and write interlingua in a short time , thanks to its simple grammar and regular word formation using a small number of roots and affixes .
however , in both language communities there is a polemical tradition of using external criteria to critique the perceived opponent language ( that is , judging interlingua by esperantist criteria and vice versa ) .
union danese pro interlingua .
circular letter ( interlingua ) .
the goal of the international auxiliary language association was to accept into interlingua every widely international word in whatever languages it occurred .
interlingua does not have that as a design aim , thus most of its compound and " primitive " ( non - compound ) words also exist in its source languages .
he edited the " revista de interlingua " , which ceased with his death , from 1966 to 1983 .
many other languages contain similar modifiers : italian and interlingua have " non " , spanish has " no " , french has " ne ... pas " , esperanto has " ne " , german has " nicht " , and swedish has " inte " .
interlingua is an auxiliary language that was developed to have a widely international vocabulary and a very simple grammar .
interlingua had attracted many former adherents of other international - language projects , notably occidental and ido .
interlingua is one of the most recent additions .
he followed this work with a large slovak - interlingua dictionary in 1996 .
with an interlingua it becomes unnecessary to make a translation pair between each pair of languages in the system .
instead , the remaining base words and especially the derivatives determine the form " oculo " found in interlingua .
if the word has any derivatives that occur in the source languages with appropriate parallel meanings , then their morphological connection must remain intact ; for example , the interlingua word for ' time ' is spelled " tempore " and not " * tempus " or " * tempo " in order to match it with its derived adjectives , such as " temporal " .
jespersen collaborated with alice vanderbilt morris to develop the research program of the international auxiliary language association ( iala ) , which in 1951 presented interlingua to the general public .
thus , interlingua would be " between language " , or " intermediary language " .
only esperanto and interlingua are widely used today , although ido is also in use .
the division made scientific research accessible to a wide audience by translating abstracts and several larger scientific works into interlingua .
in addition , international derivatives like " ocular " and " oculista " occur in all of interlingua 's control languages .
the name interlingua comes from the latin words " inter " , meaning between , and " lingua " , meaning tongue or language .
science service , the publisher of " science newsletter " at the time , published a monthly column in interlingua from the early 1950s until gode 's death in 1970 .
the introduction , written by gode , explains the theory and principles of interlingua and explores in depth the derivation procedures used to obtain a widely international vocabulary .
today , interest in interlingua has expanded from the scientific community to the general public .
he later became a consultant for the international auxiliary language association , the linguistic research body that standardized and presented interlingua .
he became a member of the committee of linguistic advisors , part of the international auxiliary language association , which would present interlingua in 1951 .
an interlingua speaker can freely form " saxophonista " from " saxophone " and " radiographista " from " radiographia " by following the same pattern .
the sapir - whorf hypothesis influenced the development and standardization of interlingua during the first half of the 20th century , but this was largely due to sapir 's direct involvement .
gode and his colleagues considered interlingua to be a pre - existing reality , one shaped by natural forces over a period of centuries .
this is largely true of interlingua as well .
interlingua a prime vista .
once learned , interlingua can be used to learn other related languages quickly and easily , and in some studies , even to understand them immediately .
words do not enter the interlingua vocabulary solely because cognates exist in a sufficient number of languages .
for example , interlingua has " geisha " ( from japanese ) , " sheik " ( from arabic ) , and " kayak " ( from inuit ) ; in esperanto , these words are written " gejŝo " , " ŝejko " , and " kajako " .
flamebearer ) , meaning " match , lucifer " , which leads to interlingua " flammifero " , or " match " .
wordforms can enter the vocabulary of interlingua by derivation from a small number of roots and affixes .
interlingua .
he accepted the post of interlingua representative in 1992 .
this article is an informal outline of the grammar of interlingua , an international auxiliary language first publicized by iala .
the best - known examples of creative linguistics are interlingua ; the constructed languages of the late 19th and early 20th century ( volapük , esperanto , and so on ) ; and the constructed languages of the author and linguist j.r.r. tolkien ( quenya , sindarin , etc . ) .
grammatically , the language is mostly influenced by ido and esperanto ; but also , in in some characteristics such as a plural -s and natural - appearing pronouns , by the naturalistic ials like interlingua and occidental .
swedish society for interlingua .
there , he and gode edited the magazine " novas de interlingua " – the natural successor to " novas de iala " – with an international editorial committee whose members resided in canada , denmark , france , great britain , italy , switzerland , and the united states .
( the term " naturalistic " is used in another sense with respect to artistic languages ; in this sense interlingua is not naturalistic . )
interlingua .
esperanto supporters contend that , by its liberal use of affixes and its flexible word - order , is equally as expressive as interlingua or indeed any natural language , but is more internationally neutral .
later internationalisms , often from english , tend to be interlingua loanwords .
though esperanto may be more neutral as well as easier to master , esperantists can usually only communicate with other esperantists ; interlingua , however , can be understood well by a speaker of any romance language ( as well as sufficiently educated speakers of other european languages , especially english . )
interlingua has five falling diphthongs , and , although and are rare .
for example , interlingua adds tense endings to the indicative form of a verb ( dona → donar ) , while esperanto adds them to the stem ( don- → doni ) .
each of these forms contributes to the eligibility of the interlingua word .
both languages are fairly successful , but interlingua has enjoyed greater diffusion and acceptance by public and private institutions .
he graduated with a diploma of honor in this field , having dedicated his work toward the degree to interlingua .
the developing vocabulary of interlingua reflects its character as a living language , in practical use by a growing population of speakers .
in interlingua , nouns have no gender except to reflect natural sex .
the new institute supported the work of other linguistic organizations , made considerable scholarly contributions and produced interlingua precis for scholarly and medical publications .
a priori languages are constructed languages where the vocabulary is invented directly , rather than being derived from other existing languages ( as with esperanto or interlingua ) .
both transfer - based and interlingua - based machine translation have the same idea : to make a translation it is necessary to have an intermediate representation that captures the " meaning " of the original sentence in order to generate the correct translation .
alexander gottfried friedrich gode - von - aesch or simply alexander gode ( october 30 , 1906 in bremen - august 10 , 1970 in mount kisco , new york ) was a german - american linguist , translator and the driving force behind the creation of the auxiliary language interlingua .
author piet cleij collects the entries during his work on interlingua dictionaries .
like other interlingua words , placeholders have been selected for internationality .
interlingua is primarily a written language , and the pronunciation is not entirely settled .
in one study , swedish high school students learning interlingua were able to translate passages from spanish , portuguese , and italian that students of those languages found too difficult to understand .
as noted above , interlingua is the most widely spoken naturalistic auxiliary language .
interlingua dictionaries are notable for their comprehensiveness ; they tend to be larger than for other auxiliary languages .
new words can be derived internally– that is , from existing interlingua words– or extracted from the control languages in the manner of the original vocabulary .
he was active in interlinguistics , serving as a consultant to the research association that presented interlingua in 1951 .
to the reader who speaks english or a romance language , only the words in the interlingua column are recognizable .
thus , readers who speak english immediately recognize the interlingua words and have no need for translations .
interlingua dictionaries .
between the mid-1950s and the late 1970s , some thirty scientific and especially medical journals provided article summaries in interlingua .
interlingua tends to use words derived from natural languages instead of extensive agglutination .
the constructed language movement gave rise to a more naturalistic approach , producing such languages as latino sine flexione , occidental , and finally the auxiliary language interlingua .
the largest number of interlingua words are of latin origin , with the greek and germanic languages providing the second and third largest number .
he was a member of the académie des inscriptions et belles - lettres and a consultant with the international auxiliary language association , which standardized and presented interlingua .
interlingua has largely escaped charges of sexism , perhaps because the language changes easily as social values change .
in 1995 , alix potet joined the council of the bakonyi foundation for universal language , which funds the publication of books in interlingua .
notes on interlingua vocabulary .
research with swedish students has shown that , after learning interlingua , they can translate elementary texts from italian , portuguese , and spanish .
in breton , french , and portuguese , as well as in english and interlingua words of french origin , " ch " represents the voiceless postalveolar fricative .
the corresponding interlingua word " pluviator " is unlikely to appear in a dictionary because of its lack of utility .
interlingua highly regards etymological fidelity , thus it usually adopts the word that is the " nearest common ancestor " of the respective words in at least three source language units ( considering spanish and portuguese together as one unit ) .
interlingua .
in 1963 , he became a student of mathematics at the østersøgade gymnasium , where he helped edit " extra - posta " , the first school magazine in interlingua .
interlingua also employs this pronunciation .
interlingua .
some opponents argue that interlingua is european - based , and therefore better suited for europe or the west than for the entire world .
occidental survived world war ii , undergoing a name change to interlingue , but gradually faded into insignificance following the appearance of a competing naturalistic project , interlingua , in the early 1950s .
many english expressions have penetrated into a wide variety of languages , making them good interlingua expressions .
interlingua 's greatest advantage is that it is the most widely " understood " international auxiliary language by virtue of its naturalistic ( as opposed to schematic ) grammar and vocabulary , allowing those familiar with a romance language , and educated speakers of english , to read and understand it without prior study .
interlingua is one of two major auxiliary languages that are not constructed but are considered to be reflections of a pre - existing reality .
interlingua .
gopsill has suggested that interlingua 's freedom from irregularities allowed the students to grasp the mechanisms of language quickly .
in czechoslovakia , július tomin received threatening letters after his first article on interlingua was published .
his first article on interlingua was published in the slovak magazine " príroda a spoločnosť " ( nature and society ) in 1971 .
the diu was an outgrowth of the earlier interlingua service , founded in odense by bent andersen .
when martinet took up a position at columbia university in 1948 , gode took on the last phase of interlingua 's development .
interlingua 's non - compound word , though possibly less neutral , thus avoids any misunderstanding .
this point underlines the fundamental differences between esperanto and interlingua : the latter was designed to be easily " understood " by speakers of european languages , whereas the former was designed for people to learn to " speak " more easily .
deprecators suggest that they complicate the active use of interlingua and may confuse beginners .
he compiled grammars , manuals , and dictionaries in english , german , french , and interlingua .
such details make interlingua more difficult to learn and speak for people who are unfamiliar with english and the romance languages , but at the same time easier to read and understand for speakers of romance or romance - influenced languages : the letters show the history of the romance influence .
this procedure is meant to give interlingua the most generally international vocabulary possible .
the immediate comprehension of interlingua , in turn , makes it unusually easy to learn .
in africa , interlingua has official representation in the republic of the congo .
in 1994 , after the fall of the iron curtain , tomin published a book about interlingua .
in 1967 , the powerful international organization for standardization , which normalizes terminology , voted almost unanimously to adopt interlingua as the basis for its dictionaries .
dozens of arabic words occur in interlingua , frequently because their co - occurrence in such languages as english , french , italian , spanish , and portuguese can be used to verify their internationality .
he became a consultant with the international auxiliary language association , which standardized interlingua and presented it to the public in 1951 ( esterhill 2000 ) .
german , french , and the auxiliary language interlingua use " rh " in the same way .
although her husband was research director of the international auxiliary language association ( iala ) from 1946 to 1948 , she became involved with interlingua only in 1997 , when a group of interviewers including alix potet spoke with the couple in their home .
he was elected the director of " academia pro interlingua " .
interlingua 's vocabulary is established using a group of " control languages " selected because they radiate words into , and absorb words from , a large number of other languages .
the most prosperous were volapük ( 1879 , johann martin schleyer ) , esperanto ( 1887 ludwik lejzer zamenhof ) , latino sine flexione ( 1903 , giuseppe peano ) , ido ( 1907 , louis couturat ) , occidental - interlingue ( 1922 , edgar de wahl ) and interlingua ( 1951 , iala and alexander gode ) , with esperanto being the only one still gathering a considirable community of active speakers today .
zeebo has also announced that mexican animation company huevocartoon and the english language teaching company interlingua will be developing entertainment and education applications for the console .
he later became the swedish representative for interlingua .
interlingua flows regularly from its romance , germanic , and slavic source languages , and thus it possesses their expressiveness .
while most constructed languages have been created by a single person , a few are the results of group collaborations ; examples are interlingua , which was developed by the international auxiliary language association , and lojban , which was developed by a breakaway group of loglanists .
many of these words entered interlingua 's vocabulary through spanish and portuguese .
constructed international auxiliary languages such as esperanto and interlingua ( even those that have native speakers ) are not generally considered natural languages .
his interlingua - slovak dictionary was published in 1979 , and his 10-lesson course in 1985 .
its full title is " interlingua : a dictionary of the international language . "
proponents point out that interlingua 's source languages include not only romance languages but english , german , and russian as well .
science service , the publisher of " science newsletter " at the time , published a monthly column in interlingua from the early 1950s until gode 's death in 1970 .
examples of the newer approach , sometimes called " naturalistic languages " , are interlingua , occidental , and latino sine flexione .
it is an artificial language that can be used as a pivot language in interlingua - based machine translation systems or as a knowledge representation language in information retrieval applications .
this may be due partly to the growth of an interlingua - speaking population in the later 20th and 21st centuries .
schild , the first secretary general of the union mundial pro interlingua , held this post from 1955 to 1958 .
for this reason , interlingua is frequently termed a " naturalistic " ial .
interlingua today .
brazilian union for interlingua .
in 1954 interlingua was used at the second world cardiological congress , in washington dc , for both written summaries and oral interpretation .
see also interlingua grammar .
in interlingua , the fundamental criterion for inclusion is widespread international use , and this can be as true of a profanity as any other word or phrase .
interlingua has inherited this use of the verb .
international auxiliary languages , such as esperanto , ido and interlingua also include this sound .
an early practical application of interlingua was the scientific newsletter " spectroscopia molecular " , published from 1952 to 1980 .
most experts , however , consider interlingua to be naturalistic rather than natural .
ogden was also a consultant with the international auxiliary language association , which presented interlingua in 1951 .
while interlingua is a successful auxiliary language , it has been criticised , often by proponents of other auxiliary languages .
in the end , the radically naturalistic interlingua was even farther from ido than occidental , and ( in contrast to occidental ) there was no major migration of ido supporters to the new language .
during this joint appointment , he resided in belgium , where he and his wife continued to make international contacts for the language that would later take the name interlingua .
the language occupies a middle ground between " naturalistic " constructed languages such as interlingua , which borrow words " en masse " from their source languages with little internal derivation , and " a priori " conlangs such as solresol , in which the words have no historical connection to other languages .
other interlingua - language works were published by university presses in sweden and italy , and in the 1990s , brazil and switzerland .
researchers at the international auxiliary language association extracted words and affixes that they considered to be part of interlingua 's vocabulary .
interlingua - english dictionary .
in one 1974 study , an interlingua class translated a spanish text that students who had taken 150 hours of spanish found too difficult to understand .
the neolatin vocabulary that underlies interlingua includes a group of verbs whose stems mutate when attached to certain suffixes .
she was president of the interlingua institute from 1993 until her death .
he temporarily served as the vice president of the interlingua institute from 1997 to 1998 after deanna hammond died .
one language , interlingua , was developed so that the languages of western civilization would act as its dialects .
interlingua was spoken and promoted in the soviet empire , in spite of persecution and efforts to suppress information about the language .
a word , that is a form with meaning , is eligible for the interlingua vocabulary if it is verified by at least three of the four primary control languages .
through these historic works , iala first presented interlingua to the general public .
others contend that interlingua has spelling irregularities that , while internationally recognizable in written form , increase the time needed to fully learn the language , especially for those unfamiliar with indo - european languages .
interlingua had attracted many former adherents of other international - language projects , notably occidental and ido .
it was devised by professor otto jespersen , a danish linguist who was previously involved in the ido movement , and subsequently in the development of interlingua .
auxiliary languages , such as esperanto , ido , and interlingua have comparatively simple inflectional systems .
interlingua , in contrast with the romance languages , has no irregular verb conjugations , and its verb forms are the same for all persons and numbers .
more substantive basis for this designation is that the vocabulary , grammar , and orthography of interlingua are natural ; they have been standardized and presented by a linguistic research body , but they predated it and are not themselves considered a product of human invention .
" mr. ( n. ) divall has suggested the time has now come when the friends of interlingua in the british isles are numerous enough that they should form a society similar to those possessed by the movements for interlingue ( occidental ) and ido …
the interlingua institute was adrift for a while after the deaths of blair in 1967 and gode in 1970 .
today , interest in interlingua has expanded from the scientific community to the general public .
the main disadvantage of this strategy is the difficulty of creating an adequate interlingua .
soon after his graduation , he learned about interlingua from his friend konstantin romalis .
two years later , he founded the ukrainian interlingua society with victor sitnichenko , the vice director of the scientific institute where he worked , and victor chebotar , docent of french philology at the university of odessa .
thus , in the interlingua - english dictionary ( ied ) , alexander gode followed the principle that every word listed is accompanied by all of its clear compounds and derivatives , along with the word or words it is derived from .
many have been designed to aid human communication ( for example , naturalistic interlingua , schematic esperanto , and the highly logic - compatible artificial language lojban ) .
although it was created to determine which auxiliary language of a wide field of contenders was best suited for international communication , it eventually determined that none of them was up to the task and developed its own language , interlingua .
george brunner has presented his lecture , " text sound : interlingua , intermedia , electronica " , at the spark festival .
the umi collaborates with the national interlingua organizations and has a hand in publishing dictionaries , grammars and tutorials .
he published two monographs on cosmology in interlingua , " problematica del cosmologia moderne " e " astro - geologia " .
founded in 1994 , this magazine provides articles and regular features about interlingua and the organization .
these morphemes are identical in interlingua .
advances in linguistics have done away with the first of these , and the limited but significant use of esperanto , ido and interlingua on an international scale , without breakup into dialects , has disproven the latter .
" panorama in interlingua " , 2006 , issue 6 .
