the town is intersected mainly by orange county rt . 1 .
h. e. a. cotton describes entally in the twentieth century as “ an area extensively intersected with numerous roads and lanes .
next they crossed the swampy territory of the purcell trench at the head of kootenay lake , before crossing the purcell mountains via duck creek . travelling don the eastern side via the goat river , they eventually intersected the walla walla trail at yahk in the moyie river valley .
route 997 comes to an end at pennsylvania route 233 in mccrea , a route it previously intersected in mont alto .
macdonald drive is also intersected by several residential side streets , which are not listed in the table .
the dual platforms are protected by canopies and are intersected at either end by road overpasses that provide additional shelter for waiting passengers .
it is intersected by the manila north road from north to south , allowing all major bus lines plying the manila - region i car route to pass through the town 24-hours a day .
the mantle warped upwards creating a dome in the middle of the north sea where the iapetus suture intersected the tornquist - teisseyre fault system .
type b " is a variant with no cross - street intersected by the jughandle ; it curves 90 degrees left to meet the main street , and is either used at a " t " intersection or for a u - turn only . "
also for the first time since the intersection was introduced , teams did a roadblock together , where one person from each of the intersected teams had to work together to complete the roadblock .
the road is intersected by westbourne grove .
the other end of sr 168 , named the little naches road , is intersected and the highway exits the wenatchee national forest and enters naches .
an unsaturated parcel of air of given temperature , altitude and moisture content below that of the corresponding dewpoint cools at the " dry adiabatic lapse rate " as altitude increases until the dewpoint line for the given moisture content is intersected .
the union canal , the pennsylvania canal and the harrisburg , portsmouth , mount joy and lancaster rail - road all intersected in the portsmouth section of middletown .
currently , the streets are very narrow and highly intersected , with many small alleyways .
the city is intersected by two rivers and numerous tributaries : the humber river in the west end and the don river east of downtown at opposite ends of the toronto harbour .
east of the highway leading to sycamore point , ny 402 intersected with woods road , a north – south highway marking the western edge of the village 's central district .
one of his teammates on the mustangs was the reds 5th round draft choice , left fielder steve henderson , whose career often intersected norman 's .
topographic relief is high in some parts of the field , especially the northern part of the main area , which is intersected by numerous deep canyons .
salcedo promoted immigration to texas , and a new town , trinidad de salcedo , was founded where the trinity river intersected the road from san antonio to nacogdoches .
the natural park schönbuch is an important recreational area of the stuttgart region , also because it is intersected by relatively few roads only .
the chicago , burlington , and quincy railroad 's keokuk and western line from centerville to clarinda intersected a cb&q line from osceola to cainsville , missouri .
at 3.71 miles , genesee street ( ny 33 ) is intersected and route 4 is briefly interrupted , as it continues north just west of here as lake road .
in part it was planted with trees , and intersected by broad and level walks .
the area is intersected by a network of creeks with bay of bengal on the east .
sr 69 's mileposting was such that it coincided with us 89 's mileposting , which was 201.6 where the two routes intersected .
here m-12 intersected m-26 .
the streets were laid out in a grid pattern with three roads extending east from edmonston avenue intersected by five north - south streets .
it is intersected by amiryan street , abovian street , nalbandian street , and tigran mets street .
typically , each square is intersected north - south and east - west by wide , two - way streets .
ancaster would not have access to a modern transportation system until the brantford and hamilton electric railway intersected ancaster village in 1907 .
there , it intersected what was called the river road , which ran closely along the south bank in a westerly direction .
such a prodigious valley , everywhere painted with the finest verdure , and intersected with numberless hedges and woods , appears beneath you , that it is past description ; the thames winding thro’ it , full of ships and bounded by the hills of kent .
reyes says that they often intermarried with the swhy - ayl - puh ( colville ) , who had a very similar language ; the territory of the latter was largely in the colville valley and intersected sinaixt territory at kettle falls .
the " meddo " chart showed actual islands and their relative or exact positions . " meddo " charts also showed the direction of main deep ocean swells , the way the swells curved around specific islands and intersected with one another , and distance from a canoe at which an island could be detected .
on these missions , since there was no attempt to raise the perigee after the aerocapture , the resulting orbit still intersected the atmosphere , and re - entry occurred at the next perigee .
it features a widely flaring gambrel roof intersected by dormers on the front and rear .
i have struggled to make this little home site … into a passably presentable garden of lawns and shrubs and flowers , intersected by paths and steps , with …
the circuit continued along the main runway , known for the race as " segrave straight " , to the point at which the two largest runways intersected .
it is intersected by numerous waterways , the important rivers being subarnarekha , keleghai and kangsabati .
the body is made from poplar and is intersected by a quartersawn maple neck - thru three - piece neck .
it has an outer rampart that extends outwards to nearly half a crater diameter , except where intersected by challis in the north .
additional erosion intersected the upper part of carlsbad cavern and other caves , forming their entrances .
what is meant is that , in an equivalence class of divisors of some specific kind , two representatives are intersected that are in general position with respect to each other .
in this particular case , the partitioning line was picked between existing vertices of the polygon and intersected none of its segments .
it then intersected with clark street and ridge road before turning to the east .
route 2 , a four - lane highway from the north - west that was intended to connect with the inner belt , instead was terminated at a rotary ( traffic circle ) , in northwest cambridge , where it intersected route 16 .
it is intersected by several fissure valleys .
this is intersected by a silver bend along with a wavy blue lines .
the fact that surviving diffraction spots appear as disks intersected by bright kikuchi lines means that the diffraction pattern was taken with a convergent electron beam .
in , " the busboy " , which had been filmed earlier , the four storylines also intersected in the final scene , but the episode aired as the final episode of season two .
the ground over which the centre columns had to move was intersected every three or four hundred yards by broad , deep , wet ditches and canals .
the bairro da matriz , whose nucleus was the centre from whence the city grew , is intersected by 14th century narrow and twisted streets lined by single family homes .
it is intersected by washington townships 's dog and sleepy elm roads .
after us 2 left , psh 6 once again turned northwest along the pend oreille river and a former route of the chicago , milwaukee , st. paul and pacific railroad ( now the pend oreille valley railroad ) to usk , where ssh 6b was intersected again .
after the detour , teams were no longer intersected .
the railroad company , along with the lumber company sutherland innis , platted a village where the railroad intersected the township road .
structurally , it is basically a collection of pillars , intersected by and supporting platforms , surrounded by a glass encasing , which is suspended from the floors .
in 1957 , west crescent ave . intersected wyckoff at the point where mahwah , new jersey becomes the township of ramsey , new jersey .
the belgrade – adriatic road is intersected here with the regional road pljevlja - prijepolje - sjenica .
a bulge on the top of the wing maintained the circular cross - section as the nacelles intersected the wing .
their intent : to pump some of sand and shells from the bottom of the bay and thus enlarge and raise the ground level of the three keys doc waldron had purchased from the state and join them to create one large island intersected with canals between the sections .
it is intersected by numerous streams and ravines , and contains many shallow ponds and natural reservoirs , which overflow during the rainy seasons , but become dry in the hot season .
in abyss ( the center or heart of the shield ) the panoply constituted by intersected keys beneath a papal tiara , all in or ( gold ) , constitutes its canting arms , for being symbol of saint peter , patron saint of the city ( the keys of the kingdom of god and the tiara of the first pope , saint peter ) .
after sh-9 split off to the east , sh-14 entered washita county , where it intersected no other highways , but ran through the towns of rocky , cordell ( the county seat ) , and bessie .
the streets were intersected with common sewers of the best description , which were kept very clean .
the plank road intersected old st. augustine road and it was near that intersection that during the civil war , captain patrick houston 's father , edward houston , built the small " old fort " with earthworks still to be seen in a small city park in the woodland hills subdivision .
the troy and schenectady turnpike was built in 1802 and intersected old loudon .
after the roadblock , teams were no longer intersected .
major roads intersected .
downstream of san luis reservoir is o'neill forebay , which is intersected by the delta - mendota canal , a separate cvp facility .
it also has longitudinal purple or brown stripes , but these stripes are intersected by horizontal grooves , giving the surface of the test plates a rough reticulated striation , unlike " b. amphitrite " .
this road intersected with the berwick turnpike at what is present - day broad and vine streets , in downtown hazleton .
the rra was an agrarianist lobby formed from the rural reconstruction movement which was originally hostile to communism but their interests in peasant welfare gradually intersected .
the elevations do not , however , form continuous chains , but make up a congeries of short ridges and groups rising from a common base and intersected by a labyrinth of ravines , gullies , glens and basins .
the word is live " contained an exhaustive set of liner notes and made use of plastic hubs which intersected each other . "
on the right section of this line ( laer to neerwinden ) the ground was much intersected and gave plenty of cover for both sides , and this section , being regarded as the key of the position , was strongly garrisoned ; in the centre the open ground between neerwinden and neerlanden was solidly entrenched , and in front of it rumsdorp was held as an advanced post .
the crowned lapwing is easily recognized by its combination of brown and white colours , with most tellingly , a black crown intersected by an annular white halo .
it is intersected by the lukaya river valley in its southern portion .
the ridge is intersected by two small valleys , breaking it into three parts ; the church is located atop the southernmost section , the marketplace on the central part , whilst the northernmost section is topped by the remains of a windmill .
in her 2007 book , " manifest destinies : the making of the mexican american race " ( released in paperback in september 2008 ) , gómez examines how law and racial ideology intersected to create new racial groups and to re - structure the turn - of - the - twentieth century racial order in the u.s.
bannaventa was a small fortified town on the this road and was 10.9 miles north west of the roman town of lactodorum ( now towcester).17.3 miles to the north west was the roman settlement of venonis ( now wigston parva ) were watling street is intersected by the fosse way .
as designated in 1951 , fm 1825 originally included only the segment from three points road eastward , which intersected with us 81 at the time .
the second time it is intersected , the kansas turnpike merges , making i-70 into a toll road .
prior to construction of a tunnel under turn four in 2002 - 03 , the only access to the pir 's infield during events was via crossovers , where the old external road course and dragstrip intersected the oval .
ancyra 's importance rested on the fact was that it was the junction point where the roads in northern anatolia running north - south and east - west intersected .
this viaduct still exists west of columbus drive as the upper level ; it intersected lsd ( field ) at the current upper level .
state route 604 was created in the 1970s from what had been state route 6 between jean , where it intersected with state route 161 , and a point north of las vegas .
portage is intersected by several major highways , including interstate 94 and interstates 80/90 ( indiana toll road ) as well as u.s. route 6 , u.s. route 12 , u.s. route 20 , and indiana 149 and indiana 249 .
these roads intersected at what is now known as the intersection of us highway 231/431 , joe quick road , and west limestone road .
mile oak has been intersected by the a27 dual carriageway since the 1980s which has somewhat cut off the community from the rural surroundings .
the plains of bundelkhand are intersected by three mountain ranges , the vindhya , fauna and bander chains , the highest elevation not exceeding 600 meters above sea - level .
one of the major results was kummer 's cardinality theory which states that a set " a " is computable if and only if there is an " n " such that some algorithm enumerates for each tuple of " n " different numbers up to " n " many possible choices of the cardinality of this set of " n " numbers intersected with " a " ; these choices must contain the true cardinality but leave out at least one false one .
among the depressions by which the plateau is intersected transversely , the principal are the gualichu , south of the río negro , the maquinchao and valcheta ( through which previously flowed the waters of nahuel huapi lake , which now feed the river limay ) ; the senguerr ( spelled senguer on most argentine maps and within the corresponding region ) , the deseado river .
the original parish boundaries intersected those of st. louis cathedral , new orleans and served the french community .
at the windows , gothic - style frets have intersected bars .
ny 195 continued on to lavery 's corner , where it intersected with a pair of county highways and turned east toward lawrenceville .
the road connects enggor street and gopeng street to cook street , and is intersected by wallich street .
prior to the 1990s , when a freeway was built between downtown dubuque and the mississippi river , us 52 / us 61 / us 151 followed the route of iowa 946 and intersected us 20 directly .
some of the town 's early growth could be attributed to the fact that it was on an asphalt paved road that intersected with a dirt road to the rest of the district of santa rosa del mbutuy , and other departments of the nation .
their most dramatic modernist building was the electrical products building for the 1939 new york world 's fair , in which an arch - headed blue slab tower intersected with a stepped curved structure , to house products that demonstrated electricity applied in radical new ways : shaving , mixing cake batter , and home sewing .
in newport , the road turned north and intersected its branch route , which connected east to idaho and us 2 left to become co - signed with the branch .
an interesting side bar to this routing as the fact that the rock island actually owned the rail line to santa rosa , new mexico , south of tucumcari , but since the routes intersected at tucumcari , this is where the change from rock island to southern pacific crews and locomotives were made .
the choir is aisled and is made up of four bays , intersected by buttresses with a mixture of gabled and pinnacled terminals .
it is located between pahiatua to the south and woodville to the north and is intersected by the mangatainoka river .
the route curves to the north , now surrounded by homes and intersected rapidly by several side streets .
it is intersected by numerous interstates , u.s. highways , and railways giving the state its motto as " the crossroads of america " .
rreq is the amount of required reductions for germany , but at rreq the macg curve has not intersected the market allowance price of co2 ( market allowance price = p = λ ) .
the summers are hot and dry , related to the increase in altitude of the subtropical anticyclones , intersected with stormy episodes sometimes violent one .
route 61c exists because us 20 bridges sr 61 on the south side of the triangle and would have not intersected sr 61 otherwise .
since 1982 , excavations of the site on the north shore of lake stymphalia have been under way , directed by hector williams for the university of british columbia . archaeological surveys and excavations have revealed a town refounded in the fourth century bc.the later city was laid out on a grid plan , with six - meter wide roads running north - south every thirty metres , which intersected major east - west avenues at intervals over a hundred metres .
interstate i-85 and i-20 are the main corridors , major interstates that intersected are : i-95 , i-40 , i-73 , i-74 , i-77 , i-26 , i-75 , and i-65 .
the plan called for a wide north - south road ( now main street ) , intersected by a northern and southern cross highway ( now west street , church hill road and glover avenue route 302 ) .
the road also intersected at the village with the highway leading from al - majdal ( ashkelon ) to the jerusalem – jaffa highway .
if the intersected hexagonal faces are divided and new edges created , this figure becomes the triakis icosahedron .
instead of being constructed like a military fork , a straight blade ( as in " su yari " ) was intersected just below its midsection by a perpendicular blade .
the layout of the streets which contain these terraces are typical of the area and consist of grid layouts intersected with wide back entries which run the length of the terrace blocks at the rear and at each end of the block .
although ny 24 intersected the highway twice — where it left the lie at the bqe and at queens boulevard —
circles are conic sections attained when a right circular cone is intersected with a plane perpendicular to the axis of the cone .
they are intersected with two roads connecting katakolo and the national highway and amaliada and its nearest beach .
on the afternoon of april 1 , following skirmishing in the morning , wilson 's advanced guard ran into forrest 's line of battle at ebenezer church , where the randolph road intersected the main selma road .
a community arose where the new railroad line intersected the old rockville - to - bladensburg road .
at the circus , blackfriars road intersected with new and existing highways to lambeth , newington , westminster bridge and the borough at southwark .
the dips in the permo - triassic rocks reflect the steady swing of the beds round the north - east edge rim of the cheshire basin , except to the north of alderley edge , where a gentle anticlinal fold centred on wilmslow plunges westward and is intersected by a number of north - south tension faults .
the area is intersected by the a189 road and the section on the other side of the road is known as nuns moor , and includes the newcastle united golf club .
there was a traffic signal at this junction ( where highways 3 , 52 , 110 , and 494 all intersected ) for many years following completion of the nearby " lafayette freeway " ( then marked highway 3 , now u.s. 52 ) .
at this time , the highway extended from sapulpa ( at its present - day southern terminus , where it intersected what was then us-66 ) to the southern sh-51 junction , which also carried us-64 ( as the keystone expressway had not yet been built ) .
there , the highway is intersected with state route 290 , or spokane 's trent avenue .
the town owes its origin to the strategic position that it held in past centuries : the two transapennine roads , toward parma and tortona , across the pass of cento croci and bocco , intersected here .
the main artery of malad western side is the marve road that starts from sv road is intersected by the linking road and finishes up to madh island lands end .
over the mountain slopes , extensive forests of cedar spread , intersected by deep valleys . bordered by the rich plaine du saïs and the cities of fes , meknes and beni mellal , the mountainous reaches of the middle atlas are the stronghold of berber tribes , speaking tamazight and living at very low population densities .
the 1948 olympic finalist yugoslavian squad wore the makings of an emerging tier - one global player , and in a game where politics and sport intersected , the match against the yugoslavs was a dearly fought one .
it intersected the alexandria pike ( present day route 7 ) at leesburg and the little river turnpike ( present day u.s. route 50 ) near aldie .
first , one may integrate dg8-p over a surface , which will give the dp - brane charge intersected by that surface .
the station was intended to be the centre and a key architectural feature of a new suburban town ; it faces a circus in diameter that is intersected by four approach roads which provide access to all parts of hendon and the surrounding area .
fm 802 was initially designated july 1948 from where it intersected u.s. highways 77 and 83 eastward to its intersection with state highway 48 .
the narrow - gauge carson and colorado railroad had its terminus in mound house , where it intersected with the v&t.
the county of the city comprises a populous rural district of great beauty and fertility , watered by several small rivulets and intersected by the river lee and its noble estuary : it is bounded on the north by the barony of fermoy , on the east by that of barrymore , on the south by kerricurrihy , and on the west by muskerry : it comprehends the parishes of st. finbarr , christ - church or the holy trinity , st. peter , st. mary shandon , st. anne shandon , st. paul and st. nicholas , all , except part of st. finbarr 's , within the city and suburbs , and those of curricuppane , carrigrohanemore , kilcully , and rathcoony , together with parts of the parishes of killanully or killingly , carrigaline , dunbullogue or carrignavar , ballinaboy , inniskenny , kilnaglory , white - church , and templemichael , without those limits ; and contains , according to the ordnance survey , an area of 44,463 statute acres , of which , 2396 are occupied by the city and suburbs .
iver heath , iver and richings park straddle the m25 motorway which is intersected to the north above iver heath by the m40 , and to the south beneath richings park , by the m4 .
about halfway , the straight road is intersected by " lubaga road " .
it consisted of a series of lightly armoured compartments , extending laterally along a narrow belt that intersected the ship 's waterline .
smørsallmenningen , a street which had intersected strandgaten , was removed .
it intersected with lynch road and campbell road before turning slightly northward and following carpenter 's brook through another undeveloped area to an intersection with ny 5 east of the village , where ny 368 ended .
a short distance later , route 155 , paralleling new jersey route 73 , and intersected with broad street ( county route 543 ) in palmyra .
the consolidation of ildenizid power , in the 1130s , coincided with a resurgence of military expansionism by the georgian kings , whose territories intersected with muslim shirvan and arran .
stepney is intersected by nelson street which divides stepney into two roughly distinct areas .
at sugar grove , it intersected with the virginia southern railroad which ran from sugar grove , across iron mountain , through troutdale and then westward to fairwood .
the body is made of mahogany and is intersected by a three piece neck - thru quartersawn mahogany neck with ebony fingerboard .
the clade is characterized by having an intersected crossed platy shell structure .
hidalgo st. is intersected by quezon boulevard and is connected by the lacson pedestrian underpass from the new photography haven to the original street that is of historic significance to quiapo .
with the exception of the plains of kharan , kachhi , and dasht in makran , the country is wholly mountainous , the ranges being intersected here and there by long narrow valleys .
more precisely , a client can request the rectangles or the pixmap to be set as the new shape , but also to be combined in various ways ( e.g. , intersected or added ) with the old shape .
he was also awarded a crest with three argent crescents upon a blue background , intersected by a golden peak above the symbol of the légion d'honneur on a gules background .
as the u.s. railroad system expanded , large numbers of tank ponds were built by damming various small creeks that intersected the tracks in order to provide water for water stops .
this intersected the the main road through holcombe around 75 metres north of the duke of cumberland inn .
there , it intersected what was called the river road , which ran closely along the south bank in a westerly direction .
is intersected at just over 2 miles .
in 1803 the hall had walks that were intersected , here and there , by a small garden of fine flowers among rocks and stones ' .
well traveled ransomville road ( cr 17 ) is intersected as well as many other local roadways .
after the detour , teams were no longer intersected .
the mountaineous area is filled with large boulders , intersected by streaming lakes .
when thomas telford built the wider , straighter bcn new main line to bypass the smethwick summit and the smethwick and spon lane locks , his new canal intersected the original wednesbury canal at what became known as bromford junction .
the sundarbans are intersected by a complex network of tidal waterways , mudflats and small islands of salt - tolerant mangrove forests , and presents an excellent example of ongoing ecological processes .
genesee cr 42 ( e. saile dr. ) is intersected at 1.52 miles , which provides access to the genesee county airport .
when the us 50 bypass of vienna was completed by the 1990s , the southern terminus of md 331 was moved to where it intersected the bypass .
the district is intersected or bounded by three principal rivers , the pahuj , betwa and dhasan .
it then intersected sh-7 in snyder and ran through mountain park shortly thereafter .
it later became potsdamer straße ; its point of entry into berlin , where it passed through the customs wall , became the " potsdamer tor " ( potsdam gate ) ; once inside the gate leipziger straße was its eastwards continuation , and wilhelmstraße was the first north - south thoroughfare that intersected with it .
the heavy precipitation was attributed to a mesoscale feature ; an inflow band intersected with an adjacent stationary front , which also contributed to the deluge .
where the roadway intersected m-45 ( now m-95 ) in sagola , m-69 joined it to randville and then replaced m-90 east to foster city by 1927 .
the road links pagoda street and sago street , and is intersected by temple street and smith street .
after cr 36 enters the town of wilson , and nears the village of wilson , cr 78 ( w. lake rd . ) is intersected which travels west a very short distance to ny 18 .
none of these sequences intersected twa 800 's position at any time either .
the building has a grid - like floor plan , with three main hallways intersected by six shorter ones .
another was named myrtle morgan after the two streets that intersected in front of his property in saratoga springs , new york .
the body is made of alder and is intersected by a neck - thru quartersawn maple neck with ebony fingerboard .
the commission takes run - off water from the facility 's 5-acre roof and transforms it into a water garden intersected by curved pedestrian bridges , red netted " sky lanterns " , and water - aeration system .
hillocks teeming with various minerals , thronged with vidyadharas , inhabited on all sides by vanaras and kinnaras and kimpurushas , and gandharvas , and filled with peacocks , and chamaras , and apes , and rurus , and bears , and gavayas , and buffaloes , intersected with a network of rivulets , and inhabited by various birds and beasts , and beautified by elephants , and abounding in trees and enraptured birds , were seen by the pandavas in this region ( 3,144 )
twenty - three subway lines would be intersected at least once , with six others intersecting twice .
in another example , the drht intersected a local gun club 's shooting facility .
after long construction studies by the ministry of public works , the low solution was abandoned because it would have intersected the water table , had a negative impact on the town , cost more , and lengthened the driving distance .
after , ny 215 intersected moscow road , a local highway connecting ny 215 to the then - western end of the lake ontario state parkway .
after leaving bethel , route 652 continues its way northward , entering a deep patch of woodlands and paralleling to the east of navajo road , which intersected earlier .
settlement of the community began after 1882 when e.a. copp , l.b. brown , and e.m. childs divided the land where their original homesteads intersected into lots and sold them to settlers to create blue grove , later changed to its current spelling by the postal service .
below the hills the country is high and arid , generally level , but sometimes rolling in sandy undulations , and much intersected by hill torrents , 201 in number .
the east end of the line was near a junction with the ce&d subdivision ; at chrisman , illinois , it intersected the danville secondary subdivision .
with such a hierarchy in place , during collision testing children do not have to be examined if their parent volumes are not intersected .
the cpr was intersected by the cnr gtp west .
the real " old seneca turnpike " is intersected farther north .
the range is about 80 km long , spanning from česká lípa ( northeast ) to bílina ( southwest ) and from litoměřice ( south ) to děčín ( north ) , intersected by the river elbe .
these pillars bear the weight of the domes thus forming the central aisle while the north and south aisles bear a semi - cylindrical roof , intersected by cross - vaults .
often way - stations sited where roads intersected the main route bear names that indicated the side road 's destination .
by 1861 , the atlantic and great western railroad intersected the sunbury & erie railroad at a spot called , appropriately enough , junction .
the ground is covered by non - native grasses , creating vast lawns which are intersected by a basic network of sealed paths .
in this original implementation , discontinuous basis functions are added to standard polynomial basis functions for nodes that belonged to elements that are intersected by a crack to provide a basis that included crack opening displacements .
regions not intersected by any further lines are called elementary regions .
ny 18 went north from the state line to bradford junction , where it intersected ny 17 ( now ny 417 ) , another route assigned in 1924 .
the boundaries of the treaty begin at the mouth of the grand river on the north side and follow the river east until it intersected boundaries described in previous treaties ( the 1821 treaty of chicago and the 1819 treaty of saginaw .
it is believed by some area residents that the town got its nickname " the hub city " because the two railroads intersected near the ohio and indiana state line .
the region is intersected by several rivers and valley creeks including ribeira funda ( " the deep river - valley " ) , ribeira pinheiro and ribeira sousa , which are usually dry throughout most of the year .
the route ran along what is now maryland route 707 and maryland route 346 to salisbury , where it intersected with its parent route , u.s. route 13 .
a significant feature is the belledonne balcony ( ) , which is a terrace or plateau some 30 km long on the western side of the range that provides a relatively level area intersected by narrow ravines eroded by rivers taking runoff from the snow levels higher up .
the bregma is the anatomical point on the skull at which the coronal suture is intersected perpendicularly by the sagittal suture .
the district is for the most part level and open , covered with well - cultivated fields , and intersected by numerous rivers .
the settlement was first known as big sandy switch , because a stretch of the texas & pacific railroad was built through the area and eventually intersected with a narrow - gauge railroad called the tyler tap .
in syracuse , the two routes followed west genesee street and west erie boulevard into the downtown district , where ny 5 and ny 20sy intersected ny 48 at the intersection of west erie boulevard and west genesee street and u.s. route 11 at the junction of erie boulevard and state street .
before the city 's north - south light rail project was cancelled on december 14 , 2006 , route 95 would have also intersected with the extended line near the area .
the western plateau is stamped by the gros - de - vaud plateau ( up to 600 meters amsl ) and the jorat molasse hills ( up to 900 meters amsl ) but sometimes intersected by deep valleys .
eventually , the eastern terminus of route 40 was moved to the laurelton circle in brick township , where it intersected route 35 ( now route 88 ) as well as route 34 , which continued north from this point ; the western terminus was placed at the airport circle with u.s. route 30 and u.s. route 130 in pennsauken , ending concurrent with route 38 .
the dee is a popular salmon river , having a succession of varied pools , intersected by sharp rapids .
the city limits were located 100 chains ( 1.25 miles or about 2 km ) north of the fortification wall , and intersected saint - laurent just south of the current duluth avenue .
another crucial difference between tycho 's 1587 geo - heliocentric model and those of other geo - heliocentric astronomers , such as paul wittich , reimarus ursus , helisaeus roeslin and david origanus , was that the orbits of mars and the sun intersected .
the sundarbans is intersected by a complex network of tidal waterways , mudflats and small islands of salt - tolerant mangrove forests .
much of this culture has intersected with nyu at various points in its history .
it went west through desolate mountains and intersected several minor roads .
here , it intersected with nelson hill road , a short alternate route of ny 424 .
the present day reserve is located on a portage between lake of the woods and crow lake , intersected by highway 71 .
just after crossing into coventry , the river is intersected by ware brook .
the country is dotted over with large and small lakes , generally salt or alkaline , and intersected by streams .
lying east - west along the foot of the hills of the south wales valleys , with caerphilly directly north , the area is defined by a series of hills , intersected by shallow valleys created by streams which feed as tributaries into the rhymney river .
if three cylinders are intersected , then the overlap is called a tricylinder ' " .
past the bypass , busy north - south arterial transit road ( new york state route 78 ) is intersected at 1.5 miles .
preston is intersected by the harmony - preston valley segment of the blufflands state trail .
ritter simplified the calculations of forces by developing a very simple formula for determining the forces in the members intersected by a cross - section .
is intersected before route 121 crosses a bridge over erie canal , and just after ends at niagara cr 130 ( e. canal rd . ) at 1.86 miles .
analytical methods where a spline is intersected with each scan line involve finding roots of cubic polynomials ( for cubic splines ) and dealing with multiple roots , so they are not often used in practice .
by 1881 two rail lines and a road which intersected the area were added .
upon the two great propyla are greek inscriptions intersected and partially destroyed by egyptian figures cut across them .
" trăirism " intersected at several points with the ideology of the iron guard ; the connection became even more direct when many of its adherents also publicly associated with the latter .
the location of the gun was determined goniometrically , where the bearings intersected .
it was founded in 1170 by barbarossa in this convenient location because the merchant highway via regia from frankfurt to leipzig intersected here with several other roads .
the neighbourhood is also intersected by several other major street arteries : dundurn street ( hamilton , ontario ) , locke street , and king street west .
the areas of lime are intersected by numerous tectonic fissures on which many forms of relief are formed ( depressions , inlets , pits , and caves ) , the most famous cave being vaganjska pećina ( 990 metres above sea level ) , decorated with countless stalactites and stalagmites .
maynard solomon , in his mozart biography , makes the case that during the journey mozart was unfaithful , pursuing an affair with duschek , whose own itinerary through germany ( she lived in prague ) frequently intersected mozart 's .
the latter is a polynomial equation defining an algebraic variety ( or surface ) in r3 , and this variety , when intersected with the simplex given by
it was not that the line was inclined downward into the ground but it intersected a hill .
this was in order to strengthen his presence at this strategic point where major road and river routes intersected .
the park itself consists of a series of marked trails covering and is intersected by the coginchaug river , a tributary of the connecticut river .
except for a low ridge of sandstone hills along the jhelum , the tahsil consists of a plain intersected by numerous ravines .
at 3.03 miles , cr 5 is intersected by genesee cr 21 ( dodgeson rd . ) , which briefly splits cr 5 , but the route resumes 0.27 miles west of there as halstead road .
the bluffs of the mountains form an escarpment running southwest to northeast , intersected by the gap , and rise some 250 - 300 feet ( 75 - 90 m ) above the pastures to the southeast .
it consists chiefly of elevated land intersected by river valleys .
the sundarbans are intersected by a complex network of tidal waterways , mudflats and small islands of salt - tolerant mangrove forests , and presents an excellent example of ongoing ecological processes .
the district was originally a literal corner , where the university 's main entrance intersected with three chopt road ( now main street ) , which was the major route between staunton and richmond .
the district stretches out in a level plain , intersected by numerous streams and dotted with patches of jungle .
the original alignment of this section was from u.s. 53 ( " miller trunk highway " ) down " central entrance " to " 6th avenue east " and then to second and third streets in downtown duluth ( where it intersected then - highway 61 as second / third streets downtown ) .
the town is intersected by two rivers ; the don river and rouge river , as well as their tributaries .
thus , sh-58 was truncated to where it intersected with sh-19 ( the present day western end of their concurrency ) .
shortly after passing devil 's foot rock , a petrosomatoglyph attributed to the devil in colonial times , route 403 passed under u.s. route 1 ( post road ) and intersected two us 1 access ramps , davisville road , and quonset road ; the latter two roads headed into the business park toward quonset state airport and the quonset container port .
this district is situated in the hilly ranges in the west and its north eastern parts has formed a small well cultivated fertile valleys intersected by small streams .
bazaars lined each street and the resultant squares to each corner housed the caravanserais in open courtyards accessed from internal gates from where the streets intersected ( chauk ) .
originally , the highway began at us-70 and extended north to wright city , where it ended ; the route was effectively a spur to the town from us-70 and intersected no other highways .
the state department report noted his use of his office to oversee a stable of thoroughbreds but did not mention one specific way in which his professional responsibilities and personal interests appear to have intersected .
located in a wooded neighborhood two blocks north of the uc berkeley campus , kidd hall features a backyard redwood forest - niche intersected by strawberry creek .
this column was numerically superior to the enemy , but it moved in mass in an intersected country , did not cover its flanks , and its operations having , contrary to order , been commenced long before daylight , its fire was probably more destructive to itself than to the enemy .
