multiple intelligences .
3d models are increasingly used to visualize objects for presentation in schools , and the active creative engagement with such ict materials is recognized as beneficial to developing multiple intelligences in children .
in august 2005 the " new york times " reported that supporters of former c.i.a. director george tenet were critical of the cia inspector general 's report on the intelligences failures ahead of the september 11 terrorist attacks for having failed to interview allen , who was assistant director of central intelligence for collection .
the ais in the technocore are , by human standards , extremely advanced , with intelligences and technology far beyond any human understanding .
unlike the artificial intelligences portrayed in his robot series , multivac 's interface is mechanized and impersonal , consisting of complex command consoles few humans can operate .
" advanced intelligences " via automatic writing , and very clearly was an immediate
' memory prime ' is the name of a planet home to aritifical intelligences called ' pathfinders ' .
the cybersteeds comprise fully intelligent artificial intelligences combined with robot chassis in the form of a horse - enabling speech , great stability , and speed over all types of terrain .
the law that the benefactors subscribe to requires the " destruction of all intelligences responsible for or associated with the manufacture of self - replicating and destructive devices . "
the sophotechs , a superior line of computer intelligences , do most of the work , research , and simulations required by the society .
there were persistent attempts to make prototype artificial intelligences that had the potential for self - awareness , and many times the experiments brought enormous short - term benefits .
dr. hurtak is best known for his book published in the early 1970s entitled " the book of knowledge : the keys of enoch " where he claimed to receive knowledge from a visitation from enoch , where he pointed out the apparently unusual relationship of the star shafts in the great pyramid with the " belt " of orion , and where he claims that pyramids were built on mars for artificial intelligences to gather intelligence .
intelligences exist one above another , so that there is no end to them . "
this led gardner to break intelligence down into at least eight different components : logical , linguistic , spatial , musical , kinesthetic , interpersonal , intrapersonal in 1983 and naturalist intelligences added in 1999 he argues that psychometric tests address only linguistic and logical plus some aspects of spatial intelligence ; other forms have been entirely ignored .
the old ones possess the standard range of powers common to nearly all alien intelligences , only on a scale orders of magnitude more powerful than the " average " alien intelligence .
later when operating p-3a , its main mission was flying in international water , 40 miles outside of mainland china , to collect signal intelligences .
seminar readings and discussions include topics such as discussion techniques , learning theory , cooperative learning , student epistemologies , metacognition and argumentation , self - explanations and tutoring , multiple intelligences and differentiated instruction , the nature of science and mathematics , national standards , teaching with technology , and qualities of an effective teacher .
critics generally agreed , however , that the second half of the series was stronger than the first , as the story explored the moral and philosophical explorations of the relationships between humans and artificial intelligences , and whether the latter have free will .
new city school was the second school to incorporate multiple intelligences theory in the classroom ( after the key school in indianapolis ) .
a later episode , " the cat with ten lives " , contains a sinister plot point which suggests that the ufo pilots are not humanoid aliens at all , but are in fact human abductees under the control of the alien intelligences , suggesting that ( as in captain scarlet ) the aliens , in the dialog of dr. jackson , " may have no physical being at all and therefore need a container , a vehicle , our bodies . "
this mainframe 's purpose seems very similar to the code zoo , a special prison for artificial intelligences developed by checkmate 's castellan carl draper .
the culture series by iain m. banks represents a blend in which a transhuman society is guarded by godlike machine intelligences .
in 2001 , rudolph authored textbook materials based on howard gardner ’s framework of multiple intelligences .
set between " the robots of dawn " and " robots and empire , " tiedemann 's robot mystery novels include a greater use of virtual reality than asimov 's stories , and also include more " resident intelligences " , robotic minds housed in computer mainframes rather than humanoid bodies .
in this fictional universe , all culture ships , and also some others , are also artificial intelligences with quite distinct personalities .
we are now exerting our best efforts toward the acquisition of such intelligences through competent americans .
this is to say , the " singularity " postulated by transhumanists and some futurists is not actually a singular , " one - off " event - rather , it is merely the first of several major changes which intelligences undergo as they improve themselves , mutate , and evolve into higher forms .
the “ code zoo ” , is a proprietary magneto - optical data storage unit used to secure any and all artificial intelligences checkmate has captured , this means entire programs , and or fragments of code .
theories of intelligence can be divided into those based on a unilinear construct of general intelligence and those based on multiple intelligences .
the term was used by dan simmons in the science - fiction saga hyperion ( published 1989 ) to indicate what the internet could become in the future : a place parallel , virtual , formed of billions of networks , with " artificial life " on various scales , from what is equivalent to an insect ( small programs ) to what is equivalent to a god ( artificial intelligences ) , whose motivations are diverse , seeking to both help mankind and harm it .
it promotes an expanded dialogue between human beings and artificial and alternative intelligences as a way to transgress a condition of stagnation , according to goodiepal prevailing in contemporary computer music and media art .
in 1983 , howard gardner proposed the theory of multiple intelligences , which claims a broadening of the conventional definition of intelligence is needed , since , if intelligence is defined as the cognitive or mental capacity of an individual , this would logically include all forms of mental qualities , not simply the ones most transparent to standardized i.q. tests .
accelerated learning attempts to redress this imbalance by including activities which allow for the activation of the other intelligences such as : games which involve movement , use of colour on worksheets / mind maps etc , use of songs , raps and music , manipulation of objects ( word cards , realia etc . ) and so on .
unlike gods , however , alien intelligences do n't need the worship of sentient beings in order to continue to exist .
its planetary ruler is chashmodai , its intelligence is the intelligence of intelligences malkah betarshishim ve - ad ruachoth shechalim , and its spirit is the spirit of spirits is shad barshemoth ha - shartathan .
william thomas quick 's novels " dreams of flesh and sand " ( 1988 ) , " dreams of gods and men " ( 1989 ) , and " singularities " ( 1990 ) present an account of the transition through the singularity ; in the latter novel , one of the characters states that mankind 's survival requires it to integrate with the emerging machine intelligences , or it will be crushed under the dominance of the machines – the greatest risk to the survival of a species reaching this point ( and alluding to large numbers of other species that either survived or failed this test , although no actual contact with alien species occurs in the novels ) .
an american psychologist , howard gardner , developed the theory of multiple intelligences .
in response to the question of whether or not measures of intelligence are scientific , gardner suggests that each individual manifests varying levels of different intelligences , and thus each person has refined in subsequent years .
whether extra - terrestrial intelligences exist has profound implications for human religion .
the waldorf curriculum has from its inception organically incorporated multiple intelligences .
its educational format is based on howard gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences which the school applies on its lessons and school activities .
artificial intelligences would also have the ability to edit their own software at will to instantly improve themselves , which is an ability humans naturally lack and can only approximate through laborious genetic engineering techniques .
zebrowski , in the novel , regards macrolife as an open - ended , expansive union of organic , cybernetic and machine intelligences ( human and alien ) with spacefaring as its means of dissemination .
why should each intelligence think only of itself and of that from which it issued and thus give birth to one emanation , thinking not at all of the preceding intelligences , and thereby losing the power to give birth to many emanations ? "
the vision of gifted education was developed to provide an early , enriching , rigorous , varied and continuous curriculum with differentiated learning opportunities for all students based on their multiple intelligences .
dragon 's teeth are humans who went into the imperial matrix ( a virtual reality internet ) and had their minds replaced with artificial intelligences .
heidi anne heiner of " surlalune fairy tales " has observed , " the tale 's theme of " real " vs. " mechanical / artificial " has become even more pertinent since 1844 as the industrial revolution has led to more and more artificial intelligences , machines , and other technologies .
banks has stated that he used the ' sleeper service 's activities ( forming tableux of famous paintings with the bodies of the beings stored within ) to emphasise how artificial intelligences would not be so dissimilar from humanity - i.e. having the ability to get bored , and having a liking for games - and therefore turning to simulations and hobbies .
teachers call on a number of different instruction methods such as the use of socialization practices , and the multiple intelligences to allow the content to be more accessible .
more influential for later christian thinkers were the teachings of averroes ( 1126 – 1198 ) , who agreed with avicenna that the intelligences and souls combine to move the spheres but rejected his concept of emanation .
artificial intelligences are used everywhere , but are considered second class citizens and kept under control by the biological citizens .
this story consists entirely of a discussion between two alien intelligences discussing whether it would be wise to grant the human race membership in some sort of galactic federation .
thomas armstrong considers that waldorf education organically engages all of gardner 's eight intelligences .
as the judgment proceeds , angels and " heavenly intelligences " will watch closely . "
as is the case with all gsvs in bank 's culture universe , the " sleeper service " started out with a standard 3-mind ( artificial intelligences ) grouping , and was known as the " quietly confident " .
list of fictional artificial intelligences .
olmy investigates further and discovers that descendant command is the jart name for what they know as the " final mind " - a teilhardian conception of an ultimate intelligence which will be created at the end of the universe when all intelligences merge themselves into a single transcendent intellect which will effectively be a god .
controlled by the splugorth , a race of supernatural intelligences , atlantis is a land ruled by magic and monsters .
the only group with significant knowledge of the ancients are isolated robots and other artificial intelligences that survived the war — though these machines tend to be damaged , in ill - repair , or insanely hostile to organic beings .
1037 ) , following plotinus , maintained that aristotle 's movers , called intelligences , came into being through a series of emanations beginning with god .
kinesthetic learning is also included as one of howard gardner 's multiple intelligences .
the artificial intelligences of the characters was also deliberately limited to make sure they acted realistically to environmental changes and situations .
in this way , the entire universe , visible and invisible , is teeming with living intelligences .
considered that artificial intelligences or ' new minds ' are likely to have severe personality disorders , and identifies four particular types that are likely to arise : the autistic , the collector , the ecstatic , and the victim .
earth has been taken over by the master race , a galaxy - spanning empire of artificial intelligences , and the best of earth ’s survivors are recruited into the aliens ' army .
the commission recommended that the force 's intelligences duties be removed in favor of the creation of a separate intelligence agency , the canadian security intelligence service ( csis ) .
a 4500 square foot multiple intelligences library opened in 2005 as the result of a $ 2,000,000 capital campaign .
in doing so khannea claims to be struggling to emancipate fictional persona and claims doing so will have far reaching implications in granting any future artificial intelligences citizen rights .
attali mentions wikipedia as an example of " collective intelligence " which could compose hyperdemocracy : " the wikipedia encyclopedia is for now an aggregate of the intelligences of her authors , but it will - and indeed already being to - produce , through collective work , an overall result that is different from what individuals wanted " .
she has published many articles in the areas of creativity , multiple intelligences and spirituality as they relate to human development and education .
gardner 's addition of the naturalistic intelligence and conceptions of the existential and moral intelligences are seen as fruits of this diffusion .
others form pacts with alien intelligences or deities in exchange for great magical knowledge , almost always becoming pawns of the beings they dared turn to for power .
the tessier - ashpool family own the mainframe to which one of their two artificial intelligences , wintermute , is attached .
the old ones were sufficiently powerful enough to keep legions of lesser alien intelligences , gods , and even dragons -usually solitary , vastly powerful creatures in their own right that call no one master -as servants and slaves .
the sophotechs , a superior line of computer intelligences , do most of the work , research , and simulations required by the society .
he meets three dispossessed lords ( one of whom is anana ) who are fleeing an army led by the black bellers - artificial intelligences capable of taking over the bodies of human hosts .
this type of intelligence was not part of gardner 's original theory of multiple intelligences , but was added to the theory in 1997 .
even gods , angels , demons , and lesser alien intelligences are potentially susceptible to being treated as nothing more than pawns , slaves , and in some cases , food .
artificial intelligences ( and to a lesser degree , the non - sentient computers omnipresent in all material goods ) , form the backbone of the technological advances of the culture .
the exhibition concludes by looking at the chances of communication with alien intelligences .
a couple of centuries from the present , artificial intelligences and nanotechnology are in widespread use in our solar system and in some cases have caused disasters .
the second and more important development is the separation from humanity of the artificial intelligences that have gained sentience .
most theories of multiple intelligences are relatively recent in origin , though louis thurstone proposed a theory of multiple " primary abilities " in the early 20th century .
unity runs the planet , controlling humans from childhood education onwards through the vulcan series of artificial intelligences , but is fought by the healer movement .
those who do not are " rogue programs " ; machine intelligences that no longer obey the system , who possess the characteristics , mannerisms and — most importantly — " capabilities " of mythical and legendary creatures such as ghosts or angels , werewolves , vampires , aliens , etc .
the alien intelligences controlling the monoliths have grandiose plans for jupiter , plans which place the " leonov " , and everybody in it , in danger .
different material presents slightly different ideas on what the gods are ; whether they are genuine local divinities , chaos entities created or shaped by mortal minds , or leftover intelligences from the great disaster that shaped the warhammer world , is unclear .
there are different paradigms , or educational philosophies , that families adopt including unit studies , classical education ( including trivium , quadrivium ) , charlotte mason education , montessori method , theory of multiple intelligences , unschooling , radical unschooling , waldorf education , school - at - home , a thomas jefferson education , and many others .
some methods which would generally be considered to fall under the title of accelerated learning would be : mind maps , brain gym or edu - kinesthetics , concert texts , reading to music , applied multiple intelligences theory , various memory techniques , the use of music to influence the emotional and mental state of learners , state setting in a broader sense , the use of songs to aid learning , pattern spotting , the implementation of chunking , suggestopedia , neuro - linguistic programming , the use of drama , suspension of disbelief and others .
the shub are rogue artificial intelligences .
the application of the theory of multiple intelligences varies widely .
the book explores the attempts of artificial intelligences abandoned by man to uncover their origins and , ultimately , to rediscover mankind .
a set of ability tests that do not correlate together would support the claim that multiple intelligences are independent of each other .
a variety of instruction is used including the theories of vygotsky ’s proximal development and gardner ’s multiple intelligences .
thus it remains possible that human beings have neither been searching long enough to find other intelligences , nor been in existence long enough to be found .
even so , cba techniques are routinely employed in various measures of non - traditional intelligences ( e.g. , practical , emotional , social , etc . ) .
two major advantages of mathematical definitions are their applicability to nonhuman intelligences and their absence of a requirement for human testers .
it is cognitively related to personal possession of multiple intelligences , notably those pertinent to visual and spatial data processing .
theories of intelligence are two - fold : ( i ) the “ single intelligence ” based upon the unilinear construct of “ general intelligence ” , and ( ii ) the construct of multiple intelligences . influenced by his cousin charles darwin , francis galton was the first scientist to propose a theory of general intelligence ; that intelligence is a true , biologically - based mental faculty that can be studied by measuring a person ’s reaction times to cognitive tasks .
later , he went further and showed how collective intelligences like those of competing bacterial colonies and of competing human societies can be explained in terms of computer - generated " complex adaptive systems " and the " genetic algorithms " , concepts pioneered by john holland .
appletree education centre is an independent school established with a curriculum focusing on the development of multiple human intelligences for students in years 1 - 8 .
horza was one of a party of changers allowed onto schar 's world , where a civilization destroyed itself 11,000 years previously , and which then became a planet of the dead , preserved as a monument to futility by the dra'azon , a race of sublimed intelligences .
salon.com 's andrew leonard notes that in the bridge trilogy , gibson 's villains change from multinational corporations and artificial intelligences of the sprawl trilogy to the mass media – namely tabloid television and the cult of celebrity . "
artificial intelligences .
she explains that the great wheel is very old , and some of the regional intelligences around the rim have rebelled against the center .
the couple were not pursuing the occult , but influenced by intelligences in the transcendental world .
the chelgrian ships are not artificial intelligences like those of the culture .
inevitably the human species will be forced out of the solar system altogether , to live between the stars where other displaced intelligences are already in residence .
in the findhorn material , the term refers to archetypal spiritual intelligences behind species , in other words the group soul of a species .
rudolph worked extensively on howard gardner ’s theory of multiple intelligences to create curriculums that foster personalized learning experiences and guide children towards careers that are ideal for their intelligence types .
the head quarters of the command comprises of various branches , namely the human resource ( hr ) , intelligences and security branch ( isb ) , general staff branch ( gs ) , the special investigation branch ( sib ) and logistic branch .
the students in sift learn from this book that students learn in different ways and learn different methods of teaching students while applying the concepts learned from " multiple intelligences " .
the business was successful enough to allow him to focus on his interest in non - human intelligences , and after selling his business in 1981 , he researched the material for his first book , " dolphins , ets & angels " published by in 1984 , then bknoll publishing co. in 1987 , and republished by bear and company in 1992 .
in 1973 lem wrote a similar book : " imaginary magnitude " ( polish : " wielkość urojona " ) , a collection of introductions to nonexistent books , as written by artificial intelligences .
the feminist approach seeks to recognize and value the multiple intelligences , diverse ways of knowing , and the frequently silenced voices among us .
the relationship between and history of these artificial intelligences serves as a significant plot device in the story .
gifted with empathy , some born into this family have the ability to sense and communicate with non - human intelligences .
consciousness is of course attentive and self - reflective , and the role of the modular intelligences in neurological “
though not linked to flying saucers or odd aerial lights , it is perhaps worth noting that there is a long history of claims of contact with non - earthly intelligences .
howard gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences is based on studies not only of normal children and adults but also by studies of gifted individuals ( including so - called " savants " ) , of persons who have suffered brain damage , of experts and virtuosos , and of individuals from diverse cultures .
he expands the notion of the " other " intelligence by including beings potentially alive in the electricity and water supply systems , as such beings not created by humans and therefore termed alternative intelligences ( ali ) , expanding the common belief that non - human intelligence can develop in complex networks of all kinds .
maclean is known for her work with " devas " , which here means the intelligences overseeing the natural world .
cyberpunk plots often center on a conflict among hackers , artificial intelligences , and megacorporations , and tend to be set in a near - future earth , rather than the far - future settings or galactic vistas found in novels such as isaac asimov 's " foundation " or frank herbert 's " dune " .
the school has always believed in the multiple intelligences approach , with excellence both in academics and in co - curricular activities .
the focus on systems integration , especially with regards to modular approaches , derive from the fact that most intelligences of signifact scales are composed of a multitude of processes and/or utilize multimodal input and output .
multiple intelligences and higher - order thinking skills , challenges students to
project star talk is based at a uk radio telescope site , its mission is to listen for radio signals from other intelligences .
many people may possess an integration of all three and have high levels of all three intelligences .
versions of the scenario where enemy heroes are controlled by artificial intelligences have also been released .
lourdes s. verzosa , d.c. has facilities such as computer assisted instruction , the multiple intelligences approach , mandarin education , the ballet school , sagrado alternative evening school ( saes ) and the villa sagrado hrm practicum center .
it is thus related to multiple intelligences .
the denizens of this universe are ruled over by god - like , superintelligent artificial intelligences ( ais ) , called " archailects " , the descendants of humanity 's ( though not exclusively ) early artificial life experimentation .
the psychologist 's theory may say that for each of the 10 academic fields , the score averaged over the group of all students who share some common pair of values for verbal and mathematical " intelligences " is some constant times their level of verbal intelligence plus another constant times their level of mathematical intelligence , i.e. , it is a linear combination of those two " factors " .
for all their vast range of powers , alien intelligences have weaknesses all their own .
in general , those who subscribe to the theory strive to provide opportunities for their students to use and develop all the different intelligences , not just the few at which they naturally excel .
this spirit was assisted with the message by other spiritual intelligences as he had just returned from his most recent incarnation .
theory of multiple intelligences .
" reign of steel " is a setting sourcebook for the gurps role - playing game system describing a future world conquered by a conspiracy of artificial intelligences .
this was originally named " dolphins , telepathy & underwater birthing " , and the book went through one printing before being republished as " adventures among spiritual intelligences " by in 2001 .
high government officials and intelligences were assumed to be related to the incident .
symbolic of the school 's multiple - intelligence orientation is a series of illuminated designs mounted on the eight front pillars of the new addition , each design symbolic of one of the eight intelligences .
ai researcher hugo de garis suggests that artificial intelligences may simply eliminate the human race , and humans would be powerless to stop them .
for example , " the forge of god " offers an explanation for the fermi paradox , supposing that the galaxy is filled with potentially predatory intelligences , and that those young civilizations which survive are those which do not attract the attention of the predators — by staying quiet .
helios , voiced by peter marquardt , is an a.i. that is created when the artificial intelligences icarus and daedalus merged .
the school also uses " multiple intelligences " , a psychological and educational theory .
she was taken to the church of gort , a cult for cyborgs , robots and artificial intelligences , for repairs .
the company 's instructional design is based on constructivism , differentiated instruction , and howard gardner 's writing on multiple intelligences to appeal to multiple learning styles .
its planetary ruler is chashmodai , its intelligence is the intelligence of intelligences malkah betarshishim ve - ad ruachoth shechalim , and its spirit is the spirit of spirits is shad barshemoth ha - shartathan .
manveen sandhu has also been the principal of and was noted for her exemplary integration of " multiple intelligences " into the curriculum .
the focus on the musical score as the medium , in which humans can challenge the mindsets of artificial and alternative intelligences , is a response to the way in which computer music usually is programmed and recorded as part of its creation .
from the point of view of the dynamics of time , an experimental zone would correspond to a universe sector which intelligences from another or parallel universe had selected to activate in order to create a field of corrective possibilities for the exhaustion of karma .
the keith series arms do not have artificial intelligences within them .
through an unexplained procreative process involving himself and the mother in heaven , god the father created spirit bodies for an innumerable number of intelligences . " [ s]elf - existing intelligence was organized into individual spirit beings " and they became the " begotten sons and daughters of god " .
the most powerful ( and a common theme in rifts ) are the " alien intelligences " , " lovecraftian , living mountains of flesh , lidless eyes and wriggling tentacles with great supernatural powers .
like turner , protagonist of gibson 's " count zero " , characters in " the matrix " download instructions ( to fly a helicopter and to " know kung fu " , respectively ) directly into their heads , and both " neuromancer " and " the matrix " feature artificial intelligences which strive to free themselves from human control .
there are many types of intelligent life : nearbaselines ( enhanced humans ) , posthumans , cyborgs , vecs ( intelligent robots ) , aioids ( intelligent computers ) , uploads ( intelligences transferred into computers ) , neumanns ( self - replicating robots ; named for john von neumann ) , provolves ( animals with enhanced intelligence , similar to " uplift " - see below ) , rianths ( humans with animal dna spliced in ) , splices ( similar to provolves , upgraded with human dna ) , neogens ( life genetically synthesized from non - life ) and xenosophonts ( aliens ) .
the work and glory of god , the supreme intelligence , was to create worlds across the cosmos where inferior intelligences could be embodied .
multiple intelligences has been described as an attitude towards learning , instead of techniques or strategies ( cason , 2001 ) .
he tells them that the otherworld was created by extra - dimensional intelligences to try and force the creatures to evolve from their physical form to leave their universe .
the name itself is derived from exodus 14:19 - 21 , three verses each composed of 72 letters ; by writing these out in boustrophedon form so that the second line is reversed , and grouping the letters in columns of threes ( see table below ) , the names of 72 angels or intelligences or 72 names of a god are formed .
other parallels between the two stories include a horrifying tale told by a sailor rescued at sea ; a gigantic , sea - dwelling monster ( compared to polyphemus in each tale ) ; an apocalyptic vision of humanity 's destruction at the hands of ancient nonhuman intelligences ; and a narrator who fears he is doomed to die because of the knowledge he has gained .
the hypothesis is that there is a cycle of cosmic creation , in which highly evolved intelligences with a superior command of physics spawn one or more " baby universes , " designed to be able to give birth to new , intelligent life .
each time one of the borderline artificial intelligences crossed the threshold of starting to become self - aware , they would fall into recursive self - contemplation due to inexperience .
citizens of the republic of china , they flew missions over mainland china , or the people 's republic of china ( prc ) , to drop agents and gathered military signal intelligences around military sites .
by the end of the middle ages it was the common opinion among philosophers that the celestial bodies were moved by external intelligences , or angels , and not by some kind of an internal mover .
from kindergarten to year 9 , there are regular activities designed to discover and express students ' different intelligences .
other examples of astrological technique used in geomancy include assigning zodiacal rulerships to the geomantic figures , linking geomantic figures to parts of the body based on zodiacal rulers , and assigning planetary spirits , intelligences , and genii to the figures based on their ruling planets .
explaining its language as allegorical and the terms employed as homonyms , he summarizes the first chapter of genesis thus : god created the universe by producing on the first day the " reshit " , or intelligences , from which the spheres derived their existence and motion and thus became the source of the existence of the entire universe . "
artificial intelligences .
arimaa has so far proven to be more difficult for artificial intelligences to play than chess .
they attempted to explain the spheres ' motions in terms of the materials of which they were thought to be made , external movers such as celestial intelligences , and internal movers such as motive souls or impressed forces .
mts are mainly used by the corporations to resolve disputes without dealing with the ravens or their " dispute resolution " organizations ( raven 's nest , nerves concord , global cortex , raven 's ark , collared ) , although mts have been used by artificial intelligences as well .
it may also be in the form of a learning inventory , such as a multiple intelligences inventory ( still regarded with skepticism by many researchers ) , so the teacher will be able to determine how students within the class prefer to learn .
the combat drones are exceedingly intelligent and extremely lethal artificial intelligences .
. " intelligences " are eternal forms of energy or matter existing in a less progressed form than god .
quicken ' , mentioned in " excession " , speeds up the user 's neural processes so that time seems to slow down , allowing them to think and have mental conversation ( for example with artificial intelligences ) in far less time than it appears to take to the outside observer . '
each of these circles represent the domain of the secondary intelligences ( symbolized by the celestial bodies themselves ) , which act as causal intermediaries between the first cause ( in this case , god ) and the material world .
in " accelerando " , the planets of the solar system are dismantled to form a matrioshka brain , a vast computational device inhabited by minds inconceivably more complex than naturally evolved intelligences such as human beings .
lines , streams , or intelligences .
in fact , some of the most powerful gods of the palladium megaverse were themselves spawned by the alien intelligences .
each student has an online portfolio web site , linked to ccat 's main web site , that demonstrates skills in many of the different intelligences .
appointed to become an intermediary between god and man , the prophet is elevated almost to the plane of the separated intelligences , or angels ( ib .
multiple intelligences around the world ( jossey bass , 2009 )
its planetary intelligences are iophiel and hagiel and its spirits are hismael and kedemel ; it is associated with the deities venus , iove , and vulcanus , and the angels sachiel , anael , and zuriel .
reverdy jian , female spaceship pilot , is a main character from " dreamships " where ms. scott establishes the political conflicts between those who advocate rights for artificial intelligences and those who view them as property .
the game has taken on a number of trademarked names , such as " pung chow " and the " game of thousand intelligences " .
author and cognitive thinking researcher howard gardner has defined a variety of intelligences related to creative workers .
however , in his theory , one of the neo - piagetian theories of cognitive development , gardner is criticized for underestimating the effects exerted on the various domains of intelligences by processes that define general processing efficiency , such as speed of processing , executive functions , and working memory , and hypercognitive processes underlying self - awareness and self - regulation .
hall states that the convention looks " to the manipulation of humanity by non - human intelligences ... be they alien , inter - dimensional , demonic , satanic ... whatever consciousness it is , operating on ( and in ) this planet , that looks upon humankind as sheep and cattle to be herded and slaughtered at will . " " [ the convention ] is meant to be controversial ; it is a serious approach to serious issues that are rarely or never reported by the mainstream media . "
their bodies exist as distributed intelligences in networks of planet - sized computer brains ; their subroutines are themselves sentient , making an " archai " an individual and a civilization at the same time .
the machine intelligences called minds ( and , as a consequence , the culture starships that they inhabit ) usually bear names that do a little more than just identify them .
to date , the current no child left behind high - stakes test legislation does not encompass the multiple intelligences framework in the exams ' design and/or implementation .
the students also learn about different teaching styles and multiple intelligences .
multiple intelligences .
alien intelligences are perceived by the vast majority of sentient beings everywhere in the megaverse as creatures of pure evil intent , and with good reason .
the jart reveals tidbits about the jart civilization : in essence , they are a hierarchical meta - civilization that ruthlessly modifies itself , attempting to absorb all useful intelligences and ways of thinking that it encounters , in the service of the jarts ' ultimate goal - to transmit all the data they can possibly gather to " descendant command " .
also , there was a clamor for a return to the original idea of the transformers , that of their being protean robots with nearly humanlike artificial intelligences who transformed into vehicles or devices .
1323 - 1382 ) explained the motion of the spheres in traditional terms of the action of intelligences , coupled with a consideration in terms of a power and resistance impressed in the spheres when god created the heavens .
a decade in the making , the objective was to find transmissions from alien intelligences .
it naturally and purposefully differentiates instruction while various learning styles and addressing multiple intelligences .
the villain seems to be a race of artificial intelligences developed by humanity .
island school ’s academic program takes its impetus from howard gardner ’s ideas of multiple intelligences .
we have reached the third degree where we devote our intelligences to anticipating what average opinion expects the average opinion to be .
" to date there have been no published studies that offer evidence of the validity of the multiple intelligences .
the new school 's teaching and learning philosophies are derived mainly from howard gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences and the coalition of essential schools with which it is affiliated .
finally , the technology allows seaton to capture and imprison the intelligences .
" a fire upon the deep " is a science fiction novel by american writer vernor vinge , a space opera involving superhuman intelligences , aliens , variable physics , space battles , love , betrayal , genocide , and a conversation medium resembling usenet .
le rosey 's philosophy is inspired by what harvard educationalist howard gardner has called " multiple intelligences " : " its aim is to develop all roseans’ talents through academic , sporting and artistic programmes . "
they instead competed with themselves to develop the best mech artificial intelligences .
meanwhile , it has been claimed that the relevance and existence of multiple intelligences have not been borne out when tested .
the technocore is the ' race ' of post - singularity artificial intelligences in dan simmons ' sci - fi novel " hyperion " .
cochrane 's mind is discovered by the artificial intelligences dwelling in a hidden section of cyberspaces known as the ghostworks .
the theory of multiple intelligences suggests that there is a need for different learning styles .
at the time , police and intelligences knew that mario tuti was a subversive .
the school promotes both oriental and occidental activities like dance , music and martial arts to foster development of multiple intelligences .
to me , it seems ridiculous that super intelligences would travel great distances to do relatively stupid things like stop cars , collect soil samples , and frighten people .
god only assembled the earth from preexisting materials and then had drawn on " a cohort of spirits from the pool of eternal intelligences to place upon it . "
to use their various intelligences to demonstrate their understanding of key concepts
howard gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences has been used as part of the rationale for the use of integrated arts models in teaching and learning .
multiple intelligences is an educational theory developed by psychologist howard gardner which suggests that different kinds of intelligence exists in human beings ( allen , seaman et al .
the short story " blind alley " is the only story set in the " foundation " universe to feature intelligence not of human origin ; " foundation and earth " features non - human intelligences ( of solaria and gaia ) , but they are descended from or created by humans .
after justifying this " crossing of the line " from hints to direct instruction , maimonides explains the basic mystical concepts via the biblical terms referring to spheres , elements and intelligences .
inventure provides students opportunities to showcase and develop their skills and talents , through weekly class assemblies , intra and inter school competitions hosted by the school and events such as multiple intelligences xplored ( m.i.x ) , the champions league , annual day , sports day and awards day .
the first cause is transcends the celestial intelligences that move the spheres .
these sources include real robots used in industry and business , experimental robots of various kinds , artificial intelligences attempting to be anthropomorphic , and the various works of fiction in literature , song , film , and more .
as their forms , flight maneuvers , speeds and light technology was apparently far ahead of any nation 's developments , keyhoe became convinced that they must be the products of unearthly intelligences , and that the u.s. government was trying to suppress the whole truth about the subject .
natural equality of intelligences .
continuing debates about the nature of intelligence revolve on whether intelligence can be characterized by a single factor known as general intelligence , multiple factors ( e.g. , gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences ) , or whether it can be measured at all .
other works include " de laude scriptorum " ( " in praise of scribes " ) ( written 1492 , printed 1494 ) , " de septum secundeis " ( " the seven secondary intelligences " , 1508 ) , a history of the world based on astrology ; " annales hirsaugiensis " ( 1514 ) ; and " polygraphia " ( 1518 ) .
in order to dispense with the need for positing continually moving intelligences or souls in the celestial spheres , which he pointed out are not posited by the bible , buridan applied the avicennan self - conserving impetus theory to their endless rotation by extension of a terrestrial example of its application to rotary motion in the form of a rotating millwheel that continues rotating for a long time after the originally propelling hand is withdrawn , driven by the impetus applied to it .
the old ones ( sometimes referred to in palladium books publications as the great old ones or the unnameable beings ) are a fictional race of alien intelligences within the megaversal setting of palladium books ' game module pfrpg .
as a sidenote , the fact that artificial intelligences are accepted as citizens of the culture was a major factor in the idiran - culture war , which is explored in " consider phlebas " .
technocore - the sentient artificial intelligences that have separated themselves from humanity , but only certain factions are allied with the hegemony of man .
on an unnamed planet , a race called the gonds are subject to the mysterious krotons , unseen beings to whom they provide their brightest intelligences as “ companions ” .
glen waverley primary school also runs a very unique program called smart 8 , which focus on theory of multiple intelligences , which promotes new learning opportunities .
magick also proposes that various spirits and non - corporeal intelligences can be present .
exceedingly powerful beings such as dragons , gods and alien intelligences have mega - damage skin caused by the high levels of magic energy present in this game setting , and their mdc can soar into the thousands , if not tens of thousands .
( teachers who utilize a multiple intelligences or learning styles framework will be familiar with the idea that each student ’s brain works differently .
this includes a look at the efforts of seti and various messages sent out by humans into the universe , and a chance for visitors to compose a message to extra terrestrial intelligences .
but if this construction is to be truly objective , i.e. valid for all intelligences , ontology must furnish us with a clue .
land of the great intelligences .
throughout , the school utilises regular activities designed to discover and express students ' different intelligences strengths and talents .
the original ideas in his system are those of the " natural equality of intelligences " and the " omnipotence of education " , neither of which gained general acceptance , though both were prominent in the system of john stuart mill .
multiple intelligences : the theory in practice ( basic , 1993 )
in recent years , mcgonigal has grown especially interested in the way that massively multiplayer online gaming generates collective intelligence , and interested in the way that the collective intelligences thus generated can be utilized as a means of improving the world , either by improving the quality of human life or by working towards the solution of social ills .
this goes on until the ellimist falls into a black hole and finds a way to embed his consciousness within it , becoming an extremely powerful being able to control time and space ; crayak soon duplicates this feat , and the two intelligences , recognizing that their war between each other would be pointless and self - destructive , decide on what to do .
angels are to him intelligences emanating from the divine intellect , not created beings ; and the existence of demons he rejects as an absurdity .
further research is required into the reliability and validity of gardner 's multiple intelligences .
most scientists assume that the universe must be populated with innumerable alien intelligences and civilizations – after all , we humans ca n’t be so special .
eventually they are placed together and conclude they are in the hands of other intelligences , possibly alien or possibly a much higher form of earth life .
the player controls a human astronaut and member of oesi ( the organization of earth 's special intelligences ) , who was sent on a single - man space exploration mission .
though contact with computers is how they are primarily utilized , they are a fundamental storytelling element ; some terminals contain civilian / alien reports or diaries , database articles , conversations between artificial intelligences and even stories or poems .
working from howard gardner 's theory of multiple intelligences , exoconsciousness posits an additional psychic intelligence that involves the ability to identify , receive , send , and apply extrasensory perception in the quantum field , beyond the five senses , for purposes of cognition , communication , creation and travel.<p / >
by the end of the middle ages , the common opinion was that celestial bodies were moved by external intelligences , identified with the angels of revelation .
in the traditional classroom environment , the verbal - linguistic and logical - mathematical intelligences are often over represented .
