the paper was fully titled " fast , cheap and out of control : a robot invasion of the solar system " , and published in the journal of the british interplanetary society in 1989 .
astronauts on lunar bases , performing interplanetary travel , and other feats not yet achieved .
in interplanetary space , however , it is believed that aluminum shielding would have a negative net effect .
application to interplanetary travel .
information on kliper 's beyond leo mission capabilities were expanded further by rsc energia , with a picture released in december 2005 of what a possible kliper interplanetary configuration might have looked like .
citron is a member of many professional organizations and special - interest groups , including the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics , british interplanetary society , the planetary society , african wildlife federation , friends of the earth , greenpeace , sierra club , union of concerned scientists , seattle astronomical society , the nature conservancy , the wilderness society , american film institute , seattle film society , space frontier foundation , and the national space society .
chemical propulsion engines , with their limited rate of chemical reaction exhaust velocity ( which is in the range of 2 - 4.5 km / s ) , become exponentially ineffective ( see tsiolkovsky equation ) to achieve high interplanetary speeds ( which in solar system is in 20 - 70 km / s range ) .
the british interplanetary society 's hypothetical project daedalus interstellar probe design was fueled by helium-3 mines in the atmosphere of jupiter , for example .
approximately 365 agena spacecraft supported a wide variety of missions , from nasa 's early interplanetary efforts ; to the us navy 's seasat , the usaf 's corona , midas and samos series between january 1959 and february 1987 , when the last agena d was launched .
she was a fellow in the british interplanetary society and acted as a consultant for the stanford research institute ( sri ) and jet propulsion laboratory ( jpl ) .
for storable icbms and interplanetary spacecraft , storing cryogenic propellants over extended periods is awkward and expensive .
shankill hosts a moonbase which hosts all of the interplanetary traffic with ballybran , which prohibits unauthorized planetary landings .
in his television commercials , cookie puss has the ability to fly , though he requires a saucer - shaped spacecraft for interplanetary travel .
in 2005 , the israeli raëlian guide kobi drori stated that the lebanese government was discussing proposals by the raëlian movement to build their " interplanetary embassy " in lebanon .
since the interplanetary medium is a plasma , it has the characteristics of a plasma , rather than a simple gas ; for example , it carries with it the sun 's magnetic field , is highly electrically conductive ( resulting in the heliospheric current sheet ) , forms plasma double layers where it comes into contact with a planetary magnetosphere or at the heliopause , and exhibits filamentation ( such as in aurora ) .
the earliest fictional references appear to be to interplanetary , not interstellar war ( e.g. h. g. wells ' " the war of the worlds " ) .
" street fighter 2010 " is set in a future where technology has advanced to the point that any person can easily travel from one planet to another through the use of interplanetary warp gates .
they are interplanetary visitors , from the planet mars(in the first skit , as soon as they descend , their first words to each other are " ...
he believed that the existence of ufos demonstrated the existence of socialism on other planets and that only a socialist society could produce the technology needed for interplanetary travel .
a space probe is a scientific space exploration mission in which a robotic spacecraft leaves the gravity well of earth and approaches the moon or enters interplanetary or interstellar space ( see list of probes by operational status for a list of active probes ) ; the space agencies of the ussr ( now russia and ukraine ) , the united states , the european union , japan , india and china have in the aggregate launched probes to several planets and moons of the solar system as well as to a number of asteroids and comets .
richard carpenter invited him to fly over to los angeles in 1977 in order to generate a similar sound for the carpenters " calling occupants of interplanetary craft " ( 1977 ) .
the rather remarkable novels " solarion " ( about a dog given human intelligence ) and " douglas duane " ( 1885 ) ( on scientific body - switching ) as well as " the ghost of guy thryle " ( 1895 ) ( which has astral projection as a means of interplanetary travel ) deserve to be better known .
flying ships travel through the vast expanses of interplanetary space , visiting moons and planets and other stellar objects .
the goal is to test whether selected organisms can survive a few years in deep space by flying them through interplanetary space in a simulated meteoroid .
in the comic book " the flash " , a 1975 backup story featuring green lantern stars burr . " the man of destiny , " written by dennis o'neil and drawn by dick dillin , reveals that burr was recruited by aliens to act as a leader for an interplanetary society in chaos .
although this method gives a good approximation of trajectories for interplanetary spacecraft missions , there are missions for which this approximation does not provide sufficiently accurate results .
interplanetary spaceflight .
interplanetary network .
the ' living interplanetary flight experiment ' .
founded in 1972 on a non - profit basis , it is involved in many nasa missions , the study of mars , asteroids , comets , interplanetary dust , the formation of the solar system , extrasolar planets , the origin of life , and other scientific topics .
sixty - one radio transmissions were held , initially at two day intervals and later at 5 days in which a large amount of interplanetary data was collected .
if oxygen and thus rocket propellant oxidizer could be produced on the moon , it would create an economic incentive to develop a base , a sort of interplanetary gas station that could supply mars - bound ships with fuel and air .
the two continue to communicate across interplanetary , and eventually interstellar space via the email facilities on their mobile phones .
caesium and mercury were used as a propellant in early ion engines for spacecraft propulsion on very long interplanetary or extraplanetary missions .
spes will pose the greatest threat to unprotected crews in polar , geo - stationary or interplanetary orbits .
aside from the converted interplanetary fishing trawler vessel " bebop " , jet flies a smaller ship called " hammerhead " .
houses major : holders of planetary fiefs ; interplanetary entrepreneurs .
interplanetary missions would arrive thousands of kilometers off course if correct equations had not been used .
when an interplanetary vehicle arrives at its destination , it must change its velocity to remain in the vicinity of that body .
editor , military space history : programmes , part iv , journal of the british interplanetary society , november - december 1999 .
some spacecraft propulsion methods such as solar sails provide very low but inexhaustible thrust ; an interplanetary vehicle using one of these methods would follow a rather different trajectory , either constantly thrusting against its direction of motion in order to decrease its distance from the sun or constantly thrusting along its direction of motion to increase its distance from the sun .
when sign personnel refused to abandon the interplanetary hypothesis , many were reassigned , and sign was renamed project grudge in 1949 .
it is distinct from the concept of weather within a planetary atmosphere , and deals with phenomena involving ambient plasma , magnetic fields , radiation and other matter in space ( generally close to earth but also in interplanetary , and occasionally interstellar medium ) .
unlike the situation with interstellar travel , the barriers to fast interplanetary travel involve engineering and economics rather than any basic physics .
as as result , the tsr xxvc storyline revolved heavily around interplanetary travel and terraforming .
during 66 orbits of the earth , the sts-41 crew successfully deployed the ulysses spacecraft , starting this interplanetary probe on its four - year journey , via jupiter , to investigate the polar regions of the sun .
the patrol was to come back several times in heinlein 's later works , expanded to interplanetary dimensions and equipped with spaceships and nuclear - tipped missiles , rather than airplanes and radioactive dust .
but the novelty of duhem 's work was his proposal that newton 's theory of universal mutual gravity flatly " contradicted " kepler 's laws of planetary motion because the interplanetary mutual gravitational perturbations caused deviations from keplerian orbits .
dayside reconnection ' allows interconnection of the earth 's magnetic field with that of the sun ( the interplanetary magnetic field ) , allowing particle and energy entry into the earth 's vicinity .
during the introductions of the " new professors , " larry ( as " professor feinstein " ) asks the class if they have any questions ; one of the girls responds : " is it true that time and space are calculated by the direct ratio of interplanetary magnetism to solar radiation ? "
the album includes a number of alternative versions of songs that also appear - usually in better quality recordings - on other early saturn albums ; " interplanetary music " and " space loneliness " appear on " interstellar low ways " ; " eve " is also on " sun ra and his solar arkestra visits planet earth " ; " we travel the space ways " from " when sun comes out " ; ; " tapestry from an asteroid " from " the futuristic sounds of sun ra " on savoy records ; " new horizons " from " jazz by sun ra " ; & " velvet " which appears on " jazz in silhouette " .
" the night of kadar " tells the story of a crew of interplanetary colonists .
this material is known as the interplanetary dust cloud .
dropships lack faster - than - light engines and instead use fusion motors for covering short interplanetary distances , for orbital and atmospheric maneuvers , and for takeoffs and landings .
the spacecraft , including the orbiter and the probe , is the largest and most complex interplanetary spacecraft built to date .
in " the stars , like dust " , the hero helps a planet that is oppressed by an arrogant interplanetary empire , the tyranni .
the interplanetary medium thus fills the roughly spherical volume contained within the heliopause .
the hero , logan , is the ace interplanetary pilot of the raf , in a time about 100 years in the future ( for example , the story in the 1963 " tiger annual " is set in 2063 ) .
planetologist christopher mckay wrote " terraforming mars , " a paper for the " journal of the british interplanetary society " .
like hyperion she is able to survive the vacuum of space unaided for a considerable time , enabling at least interplanetary travel via her flight capabilities , but unlike him , she seems to be in need of regular nutrition through food like a common human .
all civilized life - forms from all planets travel to heaven , often through interplanetary space , and land at a particular gate , which is reserved for people from that planet .
between 1911 and 1915 , hohmann became interested the problem of interplanetary spaceflight .
as part of the interplanetary network ( ipn ) , venera 11 , venera 12 were hit by the march 5 , 1979 , hard x - ray burst at ~10:51 est , followed 11 s later by helios 2 in orbit around the sun , then the pioneer venus orbiter .
after the conclusion of the apollo moon missions in 1972 , honeysuckle creek began supporting regular skylab passes , the apollo scientific stations left on the moon by astronauts , and assisting the deep space network with interplanetary tracking commitments .
i like the whole interplanetary ideas as a " mythology " and simply wished to conquer for my own point of view what has always hitherto been used by the opposite side .
however , sign 's personnel refused to abandon the interplanetary hypothesis , even when explicitly ordered to do so .
the process of linking interplanetary and planetary magnetic fields , called magnetic reconnection , is common throughout the cosmos .
galactic cosmic rays are one of the most important barriers standing in the way of plans for interplanetary travel by crewed spacecraft .
ranger 4 was a spacecraft of the ranger program designed to transmit pictures of the lunar surface to earth stations during a period of 10 minutes of flight prior to crashing upon the moon , to rough - land a seismometer capsule on the moon , to collect gamma - ray data in flight , to study radar reflectivity of the lunar surface , and to continue testing of the ranger program for development of lunar and interplanetary spacecraft .
" be an interplanetary spy " is a series of twelve interactive children 's science fiction books designed by byron preiss visual publications and first published by bantam books from 1983 to 1985 .
the council saw humanity 's survival in interplanetary supply of resources mined on other celestial bodies .
it was discovered in " voyager 2 " probe photographs taken in 1979 , making it the first natural satellite to be discovered from images taken by an interplanetary spacecraft , rather than through telescopic photography .
seven symbols are still required to dial an interplanetary address , adhering to the same constraints as a milky way gate .
see the spacecraft propulsion article for a discussion of a number of other technologies that could , in the medium to longer term , be the basis of interplanetary missions .
the family may also be the source of one of the interplanetary dust bands discovered by the iras satellite and may also have generated meteorites which would have compositions consistent with s - type asteroids and cosmic ray exposure ages of approximately 5.8 million years .
our solar system has its own interplanetary dust cloud ; extrasolar systems too .
while treating keene 's injured toe , the red peri reveals that she is the daughter of perry maclane , an inventor who was cheated out of his patent by interplanetary , inc. swearing revenge , maclane built the " red peri " , crewed it with others who had also been wronged by the company , and began preying on its spaceships .
she defended her actions on the grounds that averting interplanetary warfare was a responsibility so great as to justify courses of action that would otherwise be considered immoral or illegal .
his first assignment from the science bureau was to get some alien fish for the new interplanetary aquarium .
d.j. sheppard proposed sun - orbiting space colonies , interplanetary and interstellar spaceships ought to be manufactured of concrete .
he was a member of the british interplanetary society and british astronomical association , and became president of bilston rotary club , and high chief ranger of the ancient order of foresters .
sometime in their past , the planets remuria and mutras started an interplanetary war that has shown no sign of ending .
wittenberg cited anderson 's estimate of another 1200 metric tonnes in interplanetary dust particles on the ocean floors .
" calling occupants of interplanetary craft ( the recognized anthem of world contact day ) " is a song by klaatu , originally released in 1976 on their first album .
in robinson 's future history , the transnational corporations become similar to nation - states , continually attempting to take over competitors in order to become the sole controller of the interplanetary market .
all of the instruments take measurements of the surface , atmosphere and interplanetary media , from the main spacecraft in polar orbit , which will allow it to gradually cover the whole planet .
orbital sciences corporation provided the spacecraft , which constituted the company 's first interplanetary mission .
although steam rockets are relatively inefficient in their use of propellant , this very well may not matter as the solar system is believed to have extremely large stores of water ice which can be used as propellant . extracting this water and using it in interplanetary rockets requires several orders of magnitude less equipment than breaking it down to hydrogen and oxygen for conventional rocketry .
also known as the hard master , master offay runs an interplanetary dojo on the planet galaxia and was nova 's former martial arts trainer .
an interplanetary conference between " viagens " officials of the tau ceti system being held in novorecife on the planet krishna is interrupted by an unusual situation in customs ; a terran visitor to krishna is attempting to take a native mummy to earth .
you are to become the voice of interplanetary parliament . "
mro cruised through interplanetary space for seven and a half months before reaching mars .
the mariner program was a program conducted by " nasa " that launched a series of robotic interplanetary probes designed to investigate mars , venus and mercury .
luckily , the development of interplanetary probes coincided with an alignment of the planets called the grand tour .
the interplanetary scintillation array ( " ips array " or " pulsar array " ) was built at the mullard radio astronomy observatory in 1967 and originally covered four acres ( 16,000 m² ) .
phobos 2 operated nominally throughout its cruise and mars orbital insertion phases on january 29 , 1989 , gathering data on the sun , interplanetary medium , mars , and phobos .
low energy transfers follow special pathways in space , sometimes referred to as the interplanetary transport network .
lasser and his writers , who included g. edward pendray , founded the american interplanetary society on april 4 , 1930 .
the book is a collection of de camp 's early " viagens interplanetarias " tales , all of which are set in a future in which interstellar travel between the solar system and nearby stellar systems inhabited by alien races is common , and an interplanetary council regulates relations between the various civilizations .
the sun fills interplanetary space with plasma , a gas of charged particles , in the form of a constant solar wind .
he could engage in piracy , hunt bounties , become an interstellar merchant or become embroiled in the interplanetary politics .
perhaps to satisfy fans when a second season was not released , the plot of the arcade game allowed players to achieve final victory over the toads by releasing an energy called the interplanetary life force contained within komplex .
one of the most famous failed inventions of tatikas was a man - powered device supposedly capable of moving over land and water and flying in air ( and interplanetary space ) .
" for the fictional military force which is part of the interplanetary alliance , see space legion "
1994 interplanetary icon , no . 9 ( 1990 )
the magnetometer detected a persistent interplanetary magnetic field varying between 2 γ and 10 γ , which agrees with prior pioneer 5 observations from 1960 .
deep space - several interplanetary vessels and a few valkyries returning from interstellar missions are destroyed early on .
but the " interplanetary mutual observation agency " sends a duo of enforcers to earth to hunt down and destroy the alien race they call the ‘ demon beasts’.
due to effects of the interplanetary magnetic field , and the solar wind , the dipole model is particularly inaccurate at high l - shells ( e.g. , above l=3 ) , but may be a good approximation for lower l - shells .
the influence of the sun 's spiral - shaped magnetic field on the interplanetary medium ( solar wind ) creates the largest structure in the solar system , the heliospheric current sheet .
in 1945 it published a famous article by arthur c clarke ( then of the british interplanetary society ) which foresaw the coming of communications satellites in synchronous orbit around the earth .
prof rao 's experiments on a number of pioneer and explorer spacecrafts , led to a complete understanding of the solar cosmic ray phenomena and the electromagnetic state of the interplanetary space .
meanwhile , frankowski has become a stage performer , under the name of tony francis , and has become interplanetary famous despite his inability to sing .
peter , susan and duncan end up together again with kreeblim and broxholm as they decide to join their forces to defend earth in front of the interplanetary council .
the novel concerns an interplanetary narcotics agent who is forced to work on an incredibly cold world ( from his point of view — the planet is in fact earth ) , where he teams up with natives of the alien planet ( humans ) in his attempt to stop the smuggling of a dangerous drug ( tobacco ) to sirius .
for example , the concept of geostationary satellites was described in hermann oberth 's 1923 book " die rakete zu den planetenräumen " ( " the rocket into interplanetary space " ) and then the idea of radio communication with those satellites in herman potočnik 's ( written under the pseudonym hermann noordung ) 1928 book " das problem der befahrung des weltraums — der raketen - motor ( ) " sections : " providing for long distance communications and safety " and ( possibly referring to the idea of relaying messages via satellite , but not that 3 would be optimal ) " observing and researching the earth 's surface " published in berlin .
the player takes on the role of a mercenary lander pilot , looking to make his fortune while travelling on the interplanetary cruise ship " drake 's exception " while it makes a historical voyage of visiting each planet of the solar system in turn due to the rare event of all the planets aligning .
current interplanetary spacecraft do this with a series of short - term trajectory adjustments .
set in the year 2027 , a time where interplanetary travel has become commonplace , it starred david calder as nathan spring , commander of the international space police force — nicknamed the “
currently interplanetary missions remain at the isas group under the jaxa umbrella .
during magnetic storms , in particular , flows can be several times faster ; the interplanetary magnetic field ( imf ) may also be much stronger .
boom tubes are used by residents of apokolips and new genesis to travel great or interplanetary distances .
the american rocket society ( ars ) began its existence on april 4 , 1930 , under the name of the " american interplanetary society " .
he began his career at nasa 's lewis research center in cleveland , ohio that year , and worked on electric propulsion systems for human interplanetary travel .
since space radiation presents an extreme hazard to crews of interplanetary missions the experiment was an attempt to predict anticipated radiation doses that would be experienced by future astronauts and it helped determine possible effects of martian radiation on human beings .
these interplanetary plasma vibrations can be transformed into sound waves or air vibrations audible to a human ear .
advanced composition explorer ( ace ) is a nasa space exploration mission being conducted as part of the explorer program to study matter " in situ " , comprising energetic particles from the solar wind , the interplanetary medium , and other sources .
he was also one of the founders of the australian national travel association , now known as the australian tourist commission , a member of the royal aeronautical and british interplanetary society , the institute of transport and the australasian pioneers club .
pioneer 6 , 7 , 8 , and 9 - interplanetary space " weather network " .
interplanetary .
misse will also address a major problem for a manned exploration of mars : shielding the crew from the very energetic cosmic rays found in interplanetary space .
" futurama " is essentially a workplace sitcom whose plot revolves around the planet express interplanetary delivery company and its employees , a small group that does n't conform to future society .
a parody , " interplanetary journal of comic art : a festschrift in honor of john lent " , edited by michael rhode and including a back cover by ralph steadman , was presented to john lent for his 70th birthday .
the main physical processes " affecting " ( destruction or expulsion mechanisms ) interplanetary dust particles are : expulsion by radiation pressure , inward poynting - robertson ( pr ) radiation drag , solar wind pressure ( with significant electromagnetic effects ) , sublimation , mutual collisions , and the dynamical effects of planets ( backman , d. , 1997 ) .
he is best known for his r&d in space technology and chemical engineering including the theoretical and experimental studies of the performance of life support systems ( lss ) for soviet interplanetary spaceships and the mir and alpha orbital stations using a in the ( russian space agency center ) .
the current official definition of a meteoroid from the international astronomical union is " a solid object moving in interplanetary space , of a size considerably smaller than an asteroid and considerably larger than an atom . "
for missions close to earth the nature of the channel noise is different from that a spacecraft on an interplanetary mission experiences .
the i.s.a. are a interplanetary military force that face the war - like race from the planet helghan , the helghast .
rheom 1 is an extrasolar planet that is located in the rheom system ; a planetary system composed of many planets along with billions of small bodies , including asteroids , meteoroids , and interplanetary dust .
aj3905 is a world accessible only through an interplanetary device called the quantum gate and the mission involves a series of mining expeditions to extract the mineral and bring it back to earth .
these planets interact with each other politically akin to international relations , although there are some interplanetary groups such as the galaxy girl scouts ( an alliance of female celebrity soldiers from various planets and species , intended as a " sailor moon " homage ) and the star organization ( an extraplanetary military branch of the church of the endless ) .
typically powered by nuclear fusion reactions , impulse engines let ships travel interplanetary distances readily .
fincke belongs to the geological society of america and the british interplanetary society .
his sickbay contains an interplanetary zoo of animals , some of them as food for other animals which are used as source for medical drugs .
during their propagation , cmes interact with the solar wind and the interplanetary magnetic field ( imf ) .
lasser was one of the founders of the american rocket society which , under its initial name of the " interplanetary society " , announced its existence in the pages of the june 1930 " wonder stories " .
the ips has more recently been used to track and help forecast interplanetary weather , and specifically to monitor the solar wind .
power production : prior to the extended version of the novella " triplanetary " for book publication , no out - of - the - ordinary power technologies are described ; however interplanetary travel with the ship sizes and capabilities implied requires terawatt power sources , so we can infer some version of nuclear fission or fusion power .
a major thrust of current ( 2009 ) effort in the field of solar physics is integrated understanding of the entire solar system including the sun and its effects throughout interplanetary space within the heliosphere and on planets and planetary atmospheres .
when a comet or asteroid collides at a high rate of speed interplanetary with the surface of mars it creates a primary impact crater .
robert asprin wrote " the bug wars " , a novel about war between reptiles and insects on an interplanetary scale .
with current materials a stationary rotovator to reach earth 's surface is impractical however ; but is possible on other interplanetary bodies such as mars and the moon .
simlane will spread its influence through protective interplanetary agreements with deserving worlds .
birdy cephon altera is a federation agent chasing interplanetary criminals to the planet earth .
they are one of the most important barriers standing in the way of plans for interplanetary travel by crewed spacecraft .
the first one , in 1923 , described a space flight to the moon , the second one , written in 1946 , is even more astonishing in its theme : “ interplanetary travels by means of solar radiations ” .
the foldspace shipping company later became the spacing guild , monopolizing space commerce , transport and interplanetary banking .
calling occupants of interplanetary craft .
spaceflight became an engineering possibility with the work of robert h. goddard 's publication in 1919 of his paper ' a method of reaching extreme altitudes ' ; where his application of the de laval nozzle to liquid fuel rockets gave sufficient power that interplanetary travel became possible .
the heliospheric current sheet is also sometimes called the " interplanetary current sheet " .
the show is set in the beginning of the 22nd century and covers the interplanetary war between humanity and neosapiens , a fictional race artificially created as workers / slaves for the terrans .
he was elected fellow of the british interplanetary society in 1978 .
prior to the start of the main story , humans have set up colonies and fought the first interplanetary war against the adepts of north polar jupiter .
sänger 's other theoretical innovations during this period were proposing means of using photons for interplanetary and interstellar spacecraft propulsion , including the solar sail .
in 1924 zander established the first astronautics society in the soviet union , the society for studies of interplanetary travel , and later researched and built liquid - fuelled rockets named or-1 ( 1930 ) and or-2 ( 1933 ) .
magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) theory predicts that the motion of a conducting fluid ( e.g. the interplanetary medium ) in a magnetic field , induces electric currents which in turn generates magnetic fields , and in this respect it behaves like a mhd dynamo .
water gives quite poor performance of 190 seconds ( 1.9 kn·s / kg ) , but requires only simple equipment to purify and handle , and is space storeable and this has very seriously been proposed for interplanetary use , using in - situ resources .
the subsequent mariner 2 mission enjoyed greater success , and after a 109-day transfer orbit on december 14 , 1962 it became the world 's first successful interplanetary mission , passing 34,833 km above the surface of venus .
launches for orbital spaceflights , or launches into interplanetary space , are usually from a fixed location on the ground , but may also be from a floating platform such as the san marco platform , or the sea launch launch vessel .
nevertheless , there were positive reviews , e.g. from anthony boucher , who in 1955 claimed that " no one [ ... ] is so deft as sheckley in using interplanetary fiction as a vehicle for gilbertian satier , topsy - turvy , shrewd , and wholly captivating . "
planetary protection is the term used to describe a guiding principle in design of an interplanetary mission that aims to prevent biological contamination of both the target celestial body and the earth .
such a high failure rate can be attributed to the complexity and large number of variables involved in an interplanetary journey , and has led researchers to jokingly speak of " the great galactic ghoul " which subsists on a diet of mars probes .
the deep space network , or dsn , is an international network of large antennas and communication facilities that supports interplanetary spacecraft missions , and radio and radar astronomy observations for the exploration of the solar system and the universe .
in the dc comics comic book version of the " super friends " , gleek is portrayed as being originally the property of a clown in the interplanetary carnival where the wonder twins were raised .
the interplanetary versions were known as mariners ; lunar versions were rangers .
its primary mission was to test the performance of those functions and parts necessary for carrying out subsequent lunar and planetary missions ; a secondary objective was to study the nature of particles and fields in interplanetary space .
the interplanetary cruise phase .
it is strongly associated with its flagship character , " dan dare , pilot of the future " , ( created and illustrated by frank hampson in the earlier photogravure format ) , doing battle against the mekon and other interplanetary foes .
he meets joan gordy of the interplanetary radio news , who helps him in this assignment .
it is possible that these creatures are not in fact native martians , but similar to the selenites described in wells 's other interplanetary work , " the first men in the moon " .
the novel refers to the " space patrol , " the interplanetary peace - keeping organization described in " space cadet " .
in the late 1920s , a young wernher von braun acquired a copy of hermann oberth 's book , " die rakete zu den planetenräumen " ( " the rocket into interplanetary space " ) .
the proton storms are produced in the solar wind , and hence present a hazard to astronauts during interplanetary travel .
an alien entity called the " master of the sun " eventually visits the space station that quill and other astronauts are currently inhabiting , and offers the mantle of " star lord " ( an interplanetary policeman ) to a worthy candidate , quill volunteers , but is rejected in favour of a colleague he once treated badly .
luna 1 ( e-1 series ) , first known as " first cosmic ship " , then known as mechta ( , " lit . " : " dream " ) was the first spacecraft to reach the vicinity of the moon and the first of the luna program of soviet automatic interplanetary stations successfully launched in the direction of the moon .
it continued to return interplanetary data from solar orbit after the flyby .
the trust is a shady interplanetary terrorist group composed of rogue ex - nid operatives and the international business and political cabal which funds them .
the most typical use of this algorithm to solve lambert 's problem is certainly for the design of interplanetary missions .
" xenogears " follows the character fei and his friends as they learn about deus , a powerful , self aware interplanetary invasion system that crashed onto the planet ten thousand years before the game 's story begins .
the interplanetary restaurant " ( writer gardner fox ; artists gil kane , joe giella ) "
in 1953 he became a member of the british interplanetary society(b.i.s. ) and the ( dutch astronautical society ) .
in velikovsky 's case , these interplanetary collisions were supposed to have taken place within the span of human existence , whereas for sitchin these occurred during the early stages of planetary formation , but entered the mythological account passed down via the alien race which purportedly evolved on nibiru after these encounters .
the story is set far in the future , with interplanetary travel seemingly common .
magnetohydrodynamic ( mhd ) theory predicts that the motion of a conducting fluid ( e.g. , the interplanetary medium ) in a magnetic field , induces electric currents which in turn generates magnetic fields , and in this respect it behaves like a mhd dynamo .
of all the electric thrusters , ion thrusters have been the most seriously considered commercially and academically in the quest for interplanetary missions and orbit raising maneuvers .
in a letter dated november 3 , 1948 , cabell wrote to sign , via mccoy , describing flying saucers as real , but rejecting the interplanetary hypothesis and asking for another estimate .
spaceflight became an engineering possibility with the work of robert h. goddard 's publication in 1919 of his paper ' a method of reaching extreme altitudes ' ; where his application of the de laval nozzle to liquid fuel rockets gave sufficient power that interplanetary travel became possible .
severed from vital interplanetary trade routes ( tékumel is a world very poor in heavy metals ) and in the midst of a massive gravitic upheaval due to the lines of gravitational force between the stars being suddenly cut , civilization was thrown into chaos .
the sidon in the mirror " harks back to the interplanetary and interstellar romanticism of the 1930s and 1940s .
the first of which used electric propulsion for interplanetary transit and nuclear reactors as the power plants .
stk was first adopted by the aerospace community for orbit analysis and access calculations ( when a satellite can see a ground - station or image target ) , but as software was expanded , more modules were added that included the ability to perform calculations for communications systems , radar , interplanetary missions and orbit collision avoidance .
the less beatlesque " calling occupants of interplanetary craft " ) were the base of the " klaatu are the beatles " rumor .
arthur c. clarke ( 1950 ) presented a summary of motivations for the human exploration of space in his non - fiction semi - technical monograph " interplanetary flight " .
the boundary between the earth 's magnetic field and interplanetary space was studied by explorer 10 .
scheduled for launch late 2011 or early 2012 , phobos - grunt will be the first russian interplanetary mission since the failed " mars 96 " mission .
the film centers on josh myron ( c. thomas howell ) as six - hundred and sixty - six gigantic interplanetary robots land on earth .
editor , military space history : programmes , part ii , journal of the british interplanetary society , november december 1997 .
he is member of the swiss astronomical society , the astronomical society of the pacific , the swiss air force officers society ( avia ) , and the swiss academy of engineering sciences and fellow of the british interplanetary society .
it is a broadening of the concept " geophysical , " extending the connections from the earth to the sun & interplanetary space .
presently the au is determined with high precision using radar measurements of venus and other nearby planets and asteroids , and by tracking interplanetary spacecraft in their orbits around the sun through the solar system .
the lord commissioner travels to earth by spaceship ; he endures hallucinations due to the interplanetary " atmosphere . "
it consisted of 16 paintings , one carved sculpture of a 15-year - old black union soldier , and a 40-page hand painted book visually illustrating an interplanetary diary of the war .
the object would head out into interplanetary space , and if there were any people present on board it might prove impossible to rescue them .
the effect of long term space travel in the interplanetary space is unknown , but scientists estimate up to 19% probability for male persons to die of cancer because of the radiation during the journey to mars and back to earth .
on november 12 , 1932 at a farm in stockton nj , the american interplanetary society 's attempt to static fire their first rocket ( based on german rocket society designs ) fails in a fire .
mags was a young woman who appeared human , the companion of the interplanetary explorer captain cook , who said that he found her on the planet vulpana .
the fregat engine was developed by npo lavochkin from the propulsion module of its phobos interplanetary probes .
twisted bundles of magnetic fields connecting the planetary magnetic field to interplanetary space – that were up to wide or a third of the radius of the planet .
the institute has mountain observatories at skalnaté pleso , lomnický štít and a theoretical department in bratislava ( founded in 1955 ) , which is a statewide coordinating body for research of interplanetary matter .
despite not attaining the intended lunar orbit , the mission met many of its original goals in exploring solar wind , interplanetary plasma , and solar x - rays .
the discovery since 1995 of extrasolar planets means that other stars must possess their own interplanetary media .
as the ship 's mission requires it to travel long distances with no opportunity to replenish its supplies , it is equipped with a large " interplanetary sailing unit " .
cockell , c.s. [ editor ] project boreas : a station for the martian geographic north pole , british interplanetary society , 2006
on november 12 , 1932 at a farm in stockton nj , the american interplanetary society 's attempt to static fire their first rocket ( based on german rocket society designs ) fails in a fire .
in his paper “ тем кто будет читать , чтобы строить ” ( to whoever will read [ this paper ] in order to build [ an interplanetary rocket ] ) , which he dated “ 1918 - 1919 , ”
conflicts over this territory led to a brief war with venus ( " interplanetary reporter " ) .
dr. ralph harrison , a member of the new government - appointed civil interplanetary flight commission , resigns in protest against the inhumane treatment being inflicted upon spaceship pilots .
its goals were to measure interplanetary and venusian magnetic fields , charged particles , plasmas , radio refractivity and uv emissions of the venusian atmosphere .
there are other minor sources of energy that are usually ignored in these calculations : accretion of interplanetary dust and solar wind , light from distant stars , the thermal radiation of space .
mars ' role in the interplanetary war of the 26th century was less creditable .
during this first interplanetary cruise phase " dawn " spent 270 days , or 85% of this phase using its thrusters .
the arrows in the adjacent diagram show one possible path from a collected interplanetary dust particle back to the early stages of the solar nebula .
he also published an article in the " journal of the british interplanetary society " in 1989 recommending in - situ propellant production for a manned mars mission , though he recommended that the technique would not be feasible until a mars base were already well - established , due to the risks of relying on fueling a spacecraft with in - situ produced propellant .
he was a member of the society for studies of interplanetary travel .
the canberra deep space communication complex was officially opened on 19 march 1965 by then prime minister sir robert menzies , and is the only station still in operation in the act , communicating with interplanetary spacecraft .
reverse reconnection ' is reconnection of earth 's tail magnetic fields with northward interplanetary magnetic fields , causing sunward convection in the earth 's ionosphere .
the orbiter primary scientific objectives were to image the martian surface and clouds , determine the temperature on mars , study the topography , composition and physical properties of the surface , measure properties of the atmosphere , monitor the solar wind and the interplanetary and martian magnetic fields , and act as communications relays to send signals from the landers to earth .
the mariner program was a program conducted by the american space agency nasa that launched a series of robotic interplanetary probes designed to investigate mars , venus and mercury .
its universe was limited to the solar system , and revolved heavily around interplanetary travel and terraforming .
lws is composed of three major components : scientific investigations on spaceflight platforms study different regions of the sun , interplanetary space , and geospace ; an applied science program space environment testbeds where protocols and
the living interplanetary flight experiment , developed by the planetary society and due to be launched in 2011 , has been designed to test similar theories .
the primary cause for the " vfr 's " gaining world wide appeal was due to the writings of mathematician herman oberth who detailed , in a 1923 publication entitled " the rocket into interplanetary space , " the mechanics of placing a satellite into earth orbit .
the interplanetary internet ( ipn ) is a conceived computer network in space , consisting of a set of network nodes which can communicate with each other .
gordon was the first actor to play the role of flash gordon , in the 1935 radio serial " the amazing interplanetary adventures of flash gordon " .
brackett 's mars is set firmly in a world of interplanetary commerce and competition , and one of the most prominent themes of brackett 's stories is the clash of planetary civilizations ; the stories both illustrate and criticize the effects of colonialism on civilizations which are either older or younger than those of the colonizers , and thus they have relevance to this day .
the primary goals of the investigation were to : ( 1 ) study the interaction of the earth 's magnetotail and interplanetary shocks with the moon ; ( 2 ) monitor the solar wind in regions far removed from other spacecraft as part of a multimission coordinated study ; and , ( 3 ) measure the effects of incident particles on the operating ability of the spacecraft solar cells and other sensors .
at higher latitudes , beyond a critical boundary that varies in location with the strength of solar wind interaction , the topology of horizontal circulation streamlines changes abruptly from near co - rotation to a double - celled convection pattern for a southward z - component ( bz ) of the interplanetary magnetic field ( imf ) and a more complex convection pattern for northward imf bz .
they were designed to measure large scale magnetic phenomena and particles and fields in interplanetary space .
its first mars mission design was the " mars for less " design reference mission plan , by grant bonin . mars for less was peer reviewed in such publications as the journal of the british interplanetary society and the space review .
magnetic field intensities of 3–4 nanoteslas ( nt , also known as gammas ) with peaks as high as 6–9 nt were measured in interplanetary space and the solar wind was detected .
in 1997 , a set of orbits known as the interplanetary transport network was published , providing even lower - energy ( though much slower ) paths between different orbits than hohmann transfer orbits .
for instance , in interplanetary networks , large objects in space , such
the magnetosphere is embedded within the plasma of the solar wind , which carries the interplanetary magnetic field .
he turned to astronautics in the 20 ’s , corresponding with world leaders in this field , such as oberth and goddard and exchanging with them theories on interplanetary flight and its prospects .
also known as the hard master , master offay runs an interplanetary dojo on the planet galaxia and was nova 's former martial arts trainer .
