the more energy used to create the wormhole , the larger the opening will be , so the stand - alone gates are used for heavily used , predetermined , interstellar traffic routes , while engines on ships serve as a means of travel primarily for the ship that creates it and its support vessels , allowing them to enter and exit hyperspace were a jumpgate is n't conveniently close by in normal space .
all 3 of these sources are dense molecular clouds , and to date hcnh+ has not been detected in diffuse interstellar material .
during the time davros was sleeping , the daleks had abandoned the ruins of skaro and established a vast interstellar empire , eventually encountering a hostile race of androids called the movellans .
after marrying c. donald shane in 1920 she completed her phd in 1924 , writing a thesis under the supervision of w.w. campbell at lick observatory that was one of the first papers to recognize the sharp , stationary na i absorption lines in the spectra of distant binaries as interstellar in origin .
the supernova remnant is bounded by an expanding shock wave , and consists of ejected material expanding from the explosion , and the interstellar material it sweeps up and shocks along the way .
the second ring , com , harbours the space ports , hangars and communication devices including the interstellar communication module recently identified as blinkenlights by the chaos computer club .
when particles emitted by the sun bump into the interstellar ones , they slow down while releasing energy .
the editor claimed that he represented a consortium of interstellar banks whose intent was to subtly control the empire by means of manipulating the news .
likewise , measurements of the diffuse interstellar gas found at the edge of galaxies indicate not only dark matter distributions that extend beyond the visible limit of the galaxies , but also that the galaxies are virialized ( i.e. gravitationally bound with velocities corresponding to predicted orbital velocities of general relativity ) up to ten times their visible radii .
interstellar travel .
the latter are short - range , intrasystem vessels , incapable of interstellar flight on their own .
in general in the solar system , planetary formation is thought to have occurred via a process comparable to the long - standing nebular hypothesis : a cloud of interstellar dust and gas collapsed under the influence of gravity to form a rotating disk of material that then further condensed to form the sun and planets .
finally , the babylon 5 station was built and opened in 2257 to interstellar commerce and diplomacy .
using it , astronomers discovered the first interstellar maser .
infrared astronomy , for example , has revealed that the interstellar medium contains a suite of complex gas - phase carbon compounds called aromatic hydrocarbons , often abbreviated ( pahs or pacs ) .
the package only provided means to modify and create mission scripts and dialogue , as well to unlock some game 's locked features like more free interstellar travel .
the war was caused by the separation of earth into two separate governments one bent on galactic expansion and withdrawal from the interstellar alliance , the other maintaining the necessity of continued membership .
some means of accounting for interstellar extinction , which also makes objects appear fainter and more red , is also needed .
these berserkers , a doomsday weapon left over from an interstellar war 50,000 years ago , are killer spaceships furnished with machine intelligence , operating from asteroid - sized berserker bases where they are capable of building more berserkers and auxiliary machines .
several important movies , now considered classics , were released in the mid-1950s , notably " this island earth " , the first film to show interstellar travel , and " forbidden planet " ( an inspiration for gene roddenberry 's " star trek " ) .
long - term growth rates necessarily include all extraordinary discoveries and inventions , making the wait calculation a fair depiction of the facts facing interstellar voyagers .
most importantly , it portrays personal experiences of a soldier who , due to pure luck and the einsteinian time dilation of interstellar travel , fights in and survives the whole length of the war , to end up in a world he does not recognize anymore .
these remnants interact with the surrounding environment within the starburst ( the interstellar medium ) and can be the site of naturally occurring masers .
however , because large amounts of this time are spent traveling interstellar distances at speeds approaching that of light , the 75-year measurement is an expression of the time elapsed in his absence rather than how much time passed from his perspective .
wrapping a spaceship within the warp field prevents the relativistic time dilation normally associated with standard ftl travel , and allows interstellar travel to continue in a reasonable amount of time .
the dust present in the interstellar medium is opaque to visual light .
kondo also edited the non - fiction book " interstellar travel & multi - generational space ships " , part of the apogee books space series .
finally , one must estimate the foreground interstellar extinction .
in 1966 sagan and shklovskii suggested that technological civilizations will either tend to destroy themselves within a century of developing interstellar communicative capability or master their self - destructive tendencies and survive for billion - year timescales .
the radio jets being generated by the active galactic nucleus are interacting with the interstellar medium , producing extended narrow line regions .
trade is also unsustainable , as transporting raw materials over interstellar distances costs more than they 're worth and no trade in finished goods can be maintained ; it is cheaper to reverse engineer new products and produce them locally than to import them .
the significant product of this reaction is hco+ , an important molecule for interstellar chemistry .
within our own galaxy , molecular gas accounts for less than one percent of the volume of the interstellar medium ( ism ) , yet it is also the densest part of the medium comprising roughly one - half of the total gas mass interior to the sun 's galactic orbit .
a macho is a body composed of normal baryonic matter , which emits little or no radiation and drifts through interstellar space unassociated with any solar system .
in his introduction notes to the novel , clarke states that he wished it to be a realistic interstellar voyage , without use of warp drives or other fantastic technologies .
spores are another potential vector for transporting life through inhospitable and inimical environments , such as the depths of interstellar space .
the astronomical phenomenon known as reddening means that near - infrared wavelengths are less affected by dust in the interstellar medium , such that regions inaccessible by optical spectroscopy can be studied in the near - infrared .
in collaboration with jeremiah ostriker ( princeton university ) , he developed the three - phase model of the interstellar medium , which has been widely used to organize and interpret observational data .
the outermost sphere of such a structure could be close to the temperature of the interstellar background radiation , and thus be all but invisible .
in an 1847 work , " etudes d'astronomie stellaire : sur la voie lactee et sur la distance des etoiles fixes , " struve was one of the first astronomers to identify the effects of interstellar extinction ( though he provided no mechanism to explain the effect ) .
the vastness of interstellar space , and the constraints of relativistic physics , may keep them isolated for thousands of years from other human or non - human ( possibly robotic ) settlements scattered across the galaxy , hidden amongst hundreds of billions of other stars and planets ; and in their new life , they may meet aliens , just as robinson crusoe met man friday .
there are a number of classic rock references too : " we saw jerry 's daughter " is a parody of deadheads ; " stairway to heavan " ( sic ) , " five sticks " and " joe stalin 's cadillac " all contain song titles or lyrics modified from led zeppelin ; and the cover of " interstellar overdrive " and several of the album 's songs are reminiscent of syd barrett - era pink floyd .
however , they first had to acknowledge the basic concept of " interstellar " space .
for almost a century , peace has been administered by the organisation for interstellar peace .
at very high frequencies ( far - ultraviolet and x - ray ) interstellar hydrogen gas becomes a significant absorber .
in the computer game " star control ii " , hyperspace is depicted as a different plane of existence , that provides the means of feasible interstellar travel .
when a protostar is formed from the collapse of a giant molecular cloud of gas and dust in the local interstellar medium , the initial composition is homogeneous throughout , consisting of about 70% hydrogen , 28% helium and trace amounts of other elements , by mass .
gradually he navigates the maze of interstellar politics until , in order to frustrate a takeover by his nemesis , william of tau ceti , the various planets unite and appoint him protector .
hello from earth ( hfe ) is an interstellar radio message .
the novel is of the space opera subgenre and revolves around interstellar battles and the relationship between two humans , a male naval officer and a female pilot .
everyone theorizes wildly about the cause which universally involve interstellar aliens invading the station .
during the codominium era , instantaneous interstellar travel as a result of the alderson drive easily gave humanity the ability to explore , colonize , and exploit various star systems .
a black hole starship is a theoretical idea for enabling interstellar travel by propelling a starship by creating an artificial black hole and using a parabolic reflector to reflect its hawking radiation .
the league eventually dissolved itself in late 2261 , shortly after the end of the earth alliance civil war , as its membership was transformed into the interstellar alliance .
interstellar scintillation of a weaker continuous signal —
the energy source is gravitational and results from a rain of gas falling onto the surface of the neutron star from a companion star or the interstellar medium ( see accretion - powered pulsar ) .
because of interstellar dust along the line of sight , the galactic center can not be studied at visible , ultraviolet or soft x - ray wavelengths .
in its first and simplest form , derived by the danish astrophysicist bengt strömgren in 1939 , the model examines the effects of the electromagnetic radiation of a single star ( or a tight cluster of similar stars ) of a given surface temperature and luminosity on the surrounding interstellar medium of a given density .
from a scientific modeling point of view , there is a challenge in determining the local interstellar spectra ( lis ) due to large adiabatic energy changes these particles experience owing to the diverging solar wind in the heliosphere .
this is an interstellar version of the hanseatic league which existed in northern europe from the 13th through the 17th centuries .
as the supershell expands into the interstellar medium favorable circumstances for star formation occur .
if " voyager 1 " is still functioning when it finally completes the passage through the heliopause ( effectively becoming the first human - made object to leave the solar system ) , scientists will get their first direct measurements of the conditions in the interstellar medium , which may provide clues relevant to the origin and overall nature of the universe .
when reissued by evidence , " interstellar low ways " was included as the second half of a cd that also featured the whole of " sun ra and his solar arkestra visits planet earth " .
for interstellar travel though they would need to teleport , not just the person , but a spaceship as well .
given that the jaridian race has waged a successful interstellar war with the taelons , it seems likely that the imperium is , at least by the time of the series , a well - organized government .
thus , it is proposed that interstellar planetary bodies with extensive liquid water oceans may exist .
while only a partial vacuum , outer space contains such sparse matter that the pressure of interstellar space is on the order of 10 ppa ( 1×10−11 pa ) .
gersen and his friend grudgingly admire treesong 's ambition to control the criminal underworld and the oikumene 's sole interstellar police agency at the same time .
the aerogel collector also acquired interstellar dust .
his interstellar journey concludes with his transformation into a mysterious new being resembling a fetus enclosed in an orb of light , last seen gazing at earth from space .
three isotologues of the 12c12ch molecule have been observed in the interstellar medium .
" the fractional ionization in dense interstellar clouds " " astrophysical journal " v. 192 , no .
although earth now orbits this " dark star " ( which might be a black hole or cool brown dwarf ) , it shares many characteristics with an interstellar planet .
what caused them to create an interstellar empire by conquest is unknown .
alnilam 's relatively simple spectrum has made it useful for studying the interstellar medium .
the aliens , equipped with faster - than - light ships , are amazed that humans " dared " to cross interstellar space with rockets , having done so only 200 years after inventing radio .
embedded clusters , ( ec ) are stellar clusters that are partially or fully encased in an interstellar dust or gas .
he independently discovered the absorption of light by interstellar dust , which was also discovered by robert julius trumpler .
in any photometric system interstellar reddening can be described by colour excess .
at the age of 13 , his whole life changed forever as a fleet of qeng ho interstellar traders arrives on his planet .
he authored theoretical papers also on flare stars ( he predicted negative infrared flares ) , interstellar matter , binary stars .
the hyperdrives equipped on the aurora - class could be modified to make an intergalactic trip if necessary , possibly meaning the interstellar hyperdrives of other ancient vessels could be modified in a similar manner ; though they were usually ill - equipped to make such a trip and it is unknown how fast they would be ( but likely far slower than an asgard ship ) .
their faces are stained by the hue of a green oxygenated liquid , which is believed to cushion their lungs against the extreme acceleration of interstellar flight ; this liquid is contained in their helmets .
that is , a significant portion of the total energy output from the galaxy is emitted by a source other than the stars , dust and interstellar medium .
another futuristic sci - fi adventure , it was based on the premise that a huge thermonuclear explosion on the moon 's surface ( caused by dumping of nuclear waste ) projected it out of orbit and into interstellar space .
eventually , they labelled the planet with the acronym : parallel earth , resources negligible ( i.e. , insufficient to support interstellar commercial investment ) .
piel is too young to comprehend the red and white , ovoid interstellar transceiver that claude hands him .
the threat of so retaliating for a nuclear strike at home in effect establishes an interstellar version of mutual assured destruction .
stellar mass loss can also occur when a star gradually loses material to a binary companion or into interstellar space .
the novel does depict an interstellar conflict between solar men of earth and a fierce humanoid race headquartered on sirius .
he spoke of the " aryan bird of prey " which impelled those of the aryan race to take the lead in developing interstellar travel , colonize habitable planets in other planetary systems and become leading business entrepreneurs on the newly colonized planets .
the message also contained a warning of their impending arrival and an interstellar call for help against the orn forces , which is trying to spread its influence of death and destruction to other parts of the universe .
as discussed in both the novel chasm city and the short story compendium galactic north , the people of sky 's edge represent the earliest interstellar efforts of humans to escape the earth 's solar system .
three smex missions are currently funded for their primary missions : nuclear spectroscopic telescope array ( nustar ) , aeronomy of ice in the mesosphere ( aim ) and interstellar boundary explorer ( ibex ) .
in march 2005 , it was reported that measurements by the solar wind anisotropies ( swan ) instrument onboard the solar and heliospheric observatory ( soho ) have shown that the heliosphere , the solar wind - filled volume which prevents the solar system from becoming embedded in the local ( ambient ) interstellar medium , is not axisymmetrical , but is distorted , very likely under the effect of the local galactic magnetic field .
as mass approaches infinity , time approaches zero " , meaning that interstellar travelers at near light speed experience time relative to their environment , and when they return to their home star will find that decades or centuries may have passed .
interstellar chemistry .
for the proposition that physical space - probes provide a superior mode of interstellar communication to radio signals , then undertook telescopic searches for such probes in 1979 and 1982 .
another thing starfleet voyages had that the fasa set does n't was a system for determining interstellar distances for the purpose of in - flight time .
using microwave spectroscopy , small cns2 clusters have been detected in interstellar medium .
the interstellar medium consists of an extremely dilute ( by terrestrial standards ) mixture of ions , atoms , molecules , larger dust grains , cosmic rays , and ( galactic ) magnetic fields .
photodissociation rates are important in the study of the composition of interstellar clouds in which stars are formed .
the innovative interstellar explorer is a nasa " vision mission " study funded by nasa following a proposal under nra-03-oss-01 on 11 september 2003 .
later , their duties were taken over by interstellar alliance forces .
higher density regions of the interstellar medium form clouds , or " diffuse nebulae " , where star formation takes place .
scientists of the interstellar alliance are at work attempting to fix the problem and save the race .
the outer boundary of the heliosphere , the heliopause , is the point at which the solar wind finally terminates and is the beginning of interstellar space .
did it form directly from unprocessed interstellar grain – mantle particles or from grains condensed in the pre –
the ratio of deuterium to normal hydrogen was found to vary from compound to compound , which astronomers believe suggests that cometary ices were formed in interstellar clouds , rather than in the solar nebula .
the sun , for example , is presently traveling through the local interstellar cloud ( 0.1 atoms / cc ) , within the local bubble ( 0.05 atoms / cc ) .
in 2007 v. n. tsytovich and colleagues discovered the possibility of life - like behaviors being exhibited by dust particles suspended in a plasma , similar to conditions in interstellar space .
procedures similar to cryonics have been featured in innumerable science fiction stories to aid space travel ( in particular interstellar travel ) , or as means to transport a character from the past into the future .
twenty - two years after the discovery of a faster - than - light drive , troas is the only earthlike world to be discovered , and enthusiasm for interstellar travel is waning .
in a final bid to gain their trust , magneto focuses his powers , attempting to divert the interstellar path of the metal bullet kitty is trapped in and bring her home to earth .
a generation ship is a type of interstellar ark in which the travelers live normally ( not in suspended animation ) and the crew who arrive at the destination are descendants of those who started the journey .
this story is of particular interest to literary historians , as it described an interstellar journey to another planet ; its description of the alien creatures that are seen in uranus used an evolutionary theory similar to the origins of man : " they resembled our apes to a large extent .
in fiction , an interstellar war is a war between combatants whose respective headquarters lie in different planetary systems .
interstellar travel is between the solar system and nearby stellar systems is common , though limited to sub - light speeds , as the author eschews such common science fiction gimmicks as hyperdrives .
the game has a science fiction theme , in which players command a home star in the galaxy , and then expand to form an interstellar empire by colonizing far off worlds , building powerful starship , and researching new technologies .
the surfer can navigate through interstellar space , dimensional barriers , and hyperspace , which he can enter to exceed the speed of light when flying on his board , and has even proven capable of time travel on several occasions .
he begins reprogramming the recreations so that he can convince others that the interstellar alliance is evil by " deconstructing " its historical figures .
however , some are seen several parsecs away , perhaps implying that the interstellar medium is not very dense in their vicinity , allowing them to travel further from their source before dispersing .
" ṗ " could be induced by accreting matter from an interstellar cloud for " l'x " ≥ 7×1029 w ( 7×1036 erg / s ) and the accreting matter has sufficient specific angular momentum .
usually , the rate of interstellar extinction in the johnson - cousins v - band is taken to be 0.7 - 1.0 mag / kpc in the solar neighborhood .
timeline of knowledge about the interstellar and intergalactic medium .
that is , if an object had a temperature of about 109 k it would produce as much 1665-mhz radiation as a strong interstellar oh maser .
interstellar war .
also in january , the band had recorded a 16-minute version of " interstellar overdrive " and an improvised jam called " nick 's boogie " for peter whitehead 's documentary film " tonite lets all make love in london . " .
although it did not realize all the hopes astronomers had for it , nevertheless two important discoveries should be mentioned : the interstellar calcium lines in the spectrum of the spectroscopic binary delta orionis by johannes hartmann in 1904 and the presence of stellar calcium emission lines — a hint of stellar surface activity — by gustav eberhard and hans ludendorff about 1900 .
a cloud is also a visible mass attracted by gravity , such as masses of material in space called interstellar clouds and nebulae .
a rogue planet ( also known as an interstellar planet , free - floating planet or orphan planet ) is an object which has equivalent mass to a planet and is not gravitationally bound to any star , brown dwarf or other such object , and that therefore orbits the galaxy directly .
right after the end of the war , the interstellar concordium , determined to save the other races from themselves , started occupying the border areas of all the opposing states in the " pacification program " or " isc conquest " , in the hopes that if the conflicting factions could be kept apart , any wars could be prevented .
following is a summary of the outworlds alliance 's relations with its interstellar neighbors .
john sheridan and the interstellar alliance intervene in the situation .
it was only after kapteyn 's death , in amsterdam , that robert trumpler determined that the amount of interstellar reddening was actually much greater than had been assumed .
the circinus federation is a small interstellar nation in the fictional universe of " battletech " .
the protagonist , gerswin , is a primitive , a ' devilkid ' who is ( inadvertently ) captured by the interstellar government and trained in the military .
several less developed races were encountered and destroyed before the rigellians simultaneously came into contact with the federation and the khanate in interstellar war 3 .
developed over the last two decades and more as an expansive development of the background as supplied in the " original series " as well as in " the star trek star fleet technical manual " , the star fleet universe introduces a range of new races and storylines ( such as the interstellar concordium and the general war ) as well as drawing from the animated series for inspiration - a modified version of the kzinti are a major part of the sfu , for example - unlike the paramount universe .
because of its interstellar conflict and character drama it is a typically classified as a space opera .
with the addition of wental water , the verdani are capable of producing " treeships " , vast trees capable of interstellar flight , and able to destroy hydrogue warglobes with apparent ease .
halsey 's planet is in decline , and when a generation ship arrives , having failed to contact six other planets , ross is sent to discover the state of the interstellar colonies .
the observations of s2 used near - infra red ( nir ) interferometry ( in the k - band , e.g. 2.2 μm ) because of reduced interstellar extinction in this band .
in 2008 amin completed the first season of flashpoint ( cbs / ctv ) , the feature film " mysteries of the great lakes " and released " virtuality " , the sequel to " the interstellar suite " .
astronomical measurement of its dimensions by radio observation is difficult due to its location near a zone of avoidance , the regions of the sky obscured by interstellar dust .
cyanoacetylene has been detected by spectroscopic methods in interstellar clouds and in the atmosphere of saturn 's moon titan .
another possibility that could allow for human interstellar spaceflight is to make use of time dilation , as this would make it possible for passengers in a fast - moving vehicle to travel further into the future while aging very little , in that their great speed slows down the rate of passage of on - board time .
to investigate them and the message they are transmitting , earth 's governments repurpose a space colony that was to be stationed at one of earth 's lagrangian points and convert it into " lancer " , a bussard ramjet powered interstellar ship based on a crashed alien ship discovered in the mare marginis on the moon , and send it to investigate .
trilogy of biology , politics and survival in a multi - species , interstellar future .
most theoretical studies of interstellar missions with a solar sail plan to push the sail with a very large laser beam - powered propulsion direct impulse beam .
though the race is an expansionist imperial power , the race itself is a relatively peaceful society , having overcome internal wars and maintained a politically stable interstellar empire for nearly 50,000 human years .
mckie succeeds in saving fanny mae by opening a jumpdoor into space which shunts a large interstellar cloud of ( presumably ) hydrogen into her stellar body , rejuvenating her from her torture at the hands of the palenki henchmen hired by mliss abnethe .
first detection of interstellar oh .
the skaith trilogy , although intentionally linked to the solar system stories through the person of eric john stark , takes place in a world in which humans seem to have had interstellar travel for some time -- which is not at all the case for the other solar system stories . "
lastly , the shell would be vulnerable to the material in interstellar space that is currently being deflected by the sun 's bow shock .
both analyses failed to take into account the absorption of light by interstellar dust present in the galactic plane , but after robert julius trumpler quantified this effect in 1930 by studying open clusters , the present picture of our galaxy , the milky way , emerged .
redshifts have also been used to make the first measurements of the rotation rates of planets , velocities of interstellar clouds , the rotation of galaxies , and the dynamics of accretion onto neutron stars and black holes which exhibit both doppler and gravitational redshifts .
formaldehyde was the first polyatomic organic molecule detected in the interstellar medium and since its initial detection has been observed in many regions of the galaxy .
to help promote " tonite let 's all make love in london ... plus " , the interviews with michael caine and lee marvin and the two extended instrumental tracks , " nick 's boogie " and " interstellar overdrive " , were also released as a pink floyd cd .
intergalactic travel involves spaceflight between galaxies , and is considered much more technologically demanding than even interstellar travel and , by current engineering terms , is considered science fiction .
since comlinks are limited to speed - of - light transmission range , they are of limited use for interstellar applications .
the typical velocity of the interstellar wind is 50 km / s beyond the heliopause .
starwisp is a hypothetical unmanned interstellar probe design proposed by robert l. forward .
h3 + was not detected in the interstellar medium until 1996 , when geballe & oka reported the detection of h3 + in two molecular cloud sightlines , gl2136 and w33a. both sources had temperatures of h3 + of about and column densities of about 1014/cm2 .
" interstellar pig " , published in 1984 by bantam books , is a science fiction novel for young adults written by william sleator .
interstellar planets in popular culture .
it has since been detected in a large variety of interstellar environments , including dense molecular clouds , bok globules , star forming regions , the shells around carbon - rich evolved stars , and even in other galaxies .
the novel is set around 400 years after humans have achieved interstellar travel .
the design was studied during the 1950s and 1960s in the united states of america , with one variant of the craft capable of interstellar travel .
while it is true that the gravity of passing stars can detach planets into interstellar space , distances between stars are so great that the likelihood of the milky way - andromeda collision causing such disruption to any individual star system is negligible .
the corvallens are a humanoid species of mercenaries who often engaged in interstellar commerce .
the strongest of these attacks started on martian colonies established by the second largest company on earth , eight luck interstellar development inc. , which banded with smaller companies across earth including ones in china , england , and america .
it may also vary depending on the current velocity of the solar wind and the local density of the interstellar medium .
the spallation process results from the impact of cosmic rays ( mostly fast protons ) against the interstellar medium .
" interstellar probe " was a proposed solar sail propulsion spacecraft planned by nasa jet propulsion laboratory .
there have also been reports of free - floating planetary - mass objects ( ones not orbiting any star ) , sometimes called " rogue planets " or " interstellar planets " .
while it 's down , three beyri , including the " lancelot " , will enter its acceleration shaft ( used for interstellar travel ) and destroy the power generator for the shield .
interstellar formaldehyde .
superbubble is the astronomical term used to describe a cavity hundreds of light years across filled with 106 k gas blown into the interstellar medium by multiple supernovae and stellar winds .
paul 's father was one of two hundred people killed in 1985 , when the newly launched voyager two deep - space probe 's interstellar queller drive was started too early , in earth 's atmosphere .
the newborn star would mean that a new alderson point would be created for interstellar travel , allowing the moties a second exit from their system .
smith wrote mainly about outer space , with such works as " operation interstellar " ( 1950 ) , " lost in space " ( 1959 ) , and " troubled star " ( 1957 ) .
the star then evolves into a degenerate form , recycling a portion of the matter into the interstellar environment , where it will form a new generation of stars with a higher proportion of heavy elements .
but some of these songs appear in versions that are different from the u.k. " piper " release : the eight - minute live " ummagumma " recording of " astronomy domine " replaces the original four - minute studio recording ; " interstellar overdrive " fades out slightly early ( as it did on the u.s. debut album ) and adds a few seconds of silence before " the gnome " , rather than using a segue between these songs as found on the uk version ; and " flaming " is an alternate mix which previously appeared on a u.s. single , and the only track to appear on this album in mono .
chemistry in the interstellar medium .
the video for " prototype " has a white - haired andre 3000 who , after landing on earth with other interstellar travelers , falls in love with a woman in a park .
there is a single currency unit in " eve online " , the interstellar kredit ( isk ) , which takes its name from the icelandic króna , whose iso code is isk .
however , skaro is rich in minerals which the daleks use to build massive armies to conquer and destroy other worlds , building an interstellar empire .
in late november 1980 , granger taylor , an unconventional genius and ufo fanatic , left his family a note saying he was going to travel on an " alien ship " for " a 42 month interstellar voyage " and he and his pickup truck were never seen again .
the problems of low collection rates and interstellar drag are entirely avoided by having the ship travel faster than light , a convenient plot device .
they noticed that the observation of nh in the interstellar clouds towards per and hd 27778 could not be explained with conventional gas - phase chemistry models .
such a background would be expected from the interaction of cosmic rays ( very energetic charged particles in space ) with interstellar gas .
interstellar travel is implemented in a similar manner to escape velocity , in that star systems are interconnected by a series of hyperspace links which players can travel through with their hyperspace drives .
this is due to the local interstellar magnetic field of deep space .
nh ( interstellar molecule ) .
furthermore , the net potential difference of the galactic electric field in interstellar space is only 1.6×10−19 volt .
the unexplained apparent destruction of the first chinese interstellar colony ship results in china launching devastating nuclear strikes with stealth missiles .
set in the twenty - seventh century after a resurgent imperial russia has seized absolute control of both the entire earth and an interstellar domain , the series follows dante , a swashbuckling young thief and ladies ' man , as he discovers he is an illegitimate scion of the romanov dynasty , aristocratic rivals to the tsar , vladimir the conqueror of the house of makarov .
it is home to thousands of sentient races , some of whom have achieved interstellar capability , creating a vast network of trade , military and political links .
as a branch of astronomy star formation includes the study of the interstellar medium and giant molecular clouds ( gmc ) as precursors to the star formation process and the study of young stellar objects and planet formation as its immediate products .
two factions are human : the " united galactic trade organization " ( ugto ) with sleek and well - rounded ships , and the " interstellar cultural confederation " ( icc ) with good long - range capabilities .
four scientists , a newspaper man and a construction tycoon agree to spend 261 days in isolation in an interstellar flight simulation .
after accepting a deal with the earth alliance which would protect his crew from disciplinary action but which left him jobless , john sheridan was nominated to , and accepted , the position of president of the interstellar alliance , which he would hold for nearly 19 years .
in the " star trek " fictional universe , subspace is a feature of space - time which facilitates faster - than - light transit , in the form of interstellar travel or the transmission of information .
optical seti supporters have conducted paper studies of the effectiveness of using contemporary high - energy lasers and a ten - meter focus mirror as an interstellar beacon .
the cyanide radical cn· has been identified in interstellar space .
all he can discover is that the regent , through his ministers , is insisting that the interstellar alliance have provided fake evidence to incriminate the centauri .
the seed pods , says finney , drifted across interstellar space to earth , propelled by light pressure .
a molecular cloud , sometimes called a stellar nursery if star formation is occurring within , is a type of interstellar cloud whose density and size permits the formation of molecules , most commonly molecular hydrogen ( h2 ) .
a dark nebula is a type of interstellar cloud that is so dense that it obscures the light from the background emission or reflection nebula ( e.g. , the horsehead nebula ) or that it blocks out background stars ( e.g. , the coalsack nebula ) .
in it , a tragedy results from the slowness of interstellar travel by this method .
among the uses of subspace in " star trek " is as a medium for propagating audio and visual signals at ftl speeds , thus allowing nearly instantaneous communication across vast interstellar distances .
the fact that no comet with a speed greater than the sun 's escape velocity has yet been seen places upper limits to their density in interstellar space .
the draco dwarf contains primarily an old population of stars and insignificant amounts of interstellar matter ( being basically dust free ) .
as the interstellar medium features an ionized component , waves traveling from a pulsar to earth are dispersed , and thus pulsar surveys also focused on searching for dispersed waves .
he is also directing and producing the film " interstellar " , and adapting " ghost in the shell " and " chocky " .
interstellar extinction .
w. albert hiltner ( 1914 - 1991 ) was an american astronomer , noted for his work leading up to the discovery of interstellar polarization .
in a number of science fiction plots , acceleration is used to produce artificial gravity for interstellar spacecraft , propelled by as yet theoretical or hypothetical means .
though humanity tried peaceful contact a booby trap in the sdf-1 fired the huge main gun at the zentradi committing earth to a devastating interstellar war .
a number of the album 's tracks remain staples of the reunited camper van beethoven 's live sets , including " good guys and bad guys " , " the history of utah " , " interstellar overdrive " and " shut us down " .
the battlesuit is capable of both atmospheric flight and interstellar travel .
he also studied the interstellar medium .
for example , a star is born through the gradual gravitational collapse of a cloud of interstellar matter .
his novels present far - future speculations on topics such as nanotechnology , terraforming , augmented reality and interstellar travel , and have a deeply philosophical streak .
if so , these huge stars would have quickly consumed their supply of fuel and became supernovae , releasing heavy elements into the interstellar medium .
the alternative theory of panspermia is that the first elements of life may have formed on another planet with even more favorable conditions ( or even in interstellar space , asteroids , etc . ) and then have been carried over to earth by a variety of means .
it would seek out technological civilizations – or alternatively monitor worlds where there is a likelihood of technological civilizations arising – and communicate over " short " distances ( compared to the interstellar distances between inhabited worlds ) once it discovered a civilization that meets its contact criteria .
she pioneered work on wolf - rayet stars in the magellanic clouds , massive stars in stellar associations and interstellar bubbles around massive stars .
obtaining an internship with the interstellar press , he soon found himself working out of the metropolis offices of the " daily planet " , alongside its star reporter iris west allen ( the widow of barry allen , the 20th century superhero known as the flash ) .
orion 's technology is also one of very few known interstellar space drives that could be constructed with known technology .
he works for the nasa john glenn research center , where he does research on mars missions , solar energy , and advanced concepts for interstellar propulsion .
cn was first detected in 1941 by a. mckellar in the interstellar medium .
of the current set of core rules , " total warfare " includes elements originating in " citytech " and " aerotech 2 " ( itself a consolidation of " aerotech " and " battlespace " ) , while " tactical operations " consolidates maximum tech rules and adds new rules for advance / experimental weapons & equipment , " strategic operations " includes advance aerospace rules which include usage of large aerospace units ( jumpships / warships / space stations / fighter squadrons ) which is remaining half " aerotech 2 " left out of total warfare as well revised version of " battleforce " , and " interstellar operations " is slated to introduce rules to control clans / succession houses / empires to conquer the inner sphere or clan space .
indeed , this is underlined by the fact that the committee which chose the music for the voyager golden record selected one of his recordings to be sent on the voyager space probes on an interstellar journey .
it has been argued that an interstellar mission which can not be completed within 50 years should not be started at all .
the interstellar boundary explorer ( ibex ) mission will attempt to gather more data on the solar system 's termination shock .
similar sorts of plasmoid life have sometimes been proposed to exist in other places , such as planetary ionospheres or the interstellar medium , but usually only by fringe theorists ( see ball lightning for some additional discussion ) .
another concern is selection of power sources and mechanisms which would remain viable for the long time spans involved in interstellar travel through the desert of space .
the bubble in the interstellar medium formed by the solar wind , the heliosphere , is the largest continuous structure in the solar system .
it chronicles a long - distance relationship between two close friends who communicate by sending emails via their mobile phones across interstellar space .
in an era when many science fiction illustrations showed interstellar spaceships with antique - looking fins reminiscent of v-2 rockets of world war ii , manning offered more exotic craft .
the united star commonwealth sends the 1st marine interstellar expenditionary force ( 1mief ) to fight the xul out in space so as to buy time for the rest of humanity .
they are intelligent and have interstellar travel technology .
tw hartquist , a dalgarno , m oppenheimer 1980 . " molecular diagnostics of interstellar shocks "
characters typically journey between various star systems and engage in activities such as exploration , ground and space battles , and interstellar trading .
comets with weakly hyperbolic trajectories have been observed , but the trajectories of these comets are consistent with having been knocked loose from the oort cloud and do not indicate an origin in interstellar space .
for example , various mkw stories state that kzinti did not establish their own interstellar empire nor invent their own spacefaring technology .
if some large interstellar objects are considered as stars ( brown sub - dwarfs ) then the debris could coalesce into planets , meaning the disks are proplyds .
in the film , his latest experiments open the door to the 8th dimension and unwittingly start an interstellar battle for the world .
super soft x - rays overlap with euv and range from as low as ~15 ev up to 0.5 kev. the upper limit results from interstellar absorption of x - rays , especially within the plane of the milky way .
once a planet was seeded with a sort of yeast , larger animals known as whitefoods ( later , as the bandersnatchi ) were introduced in a form of interstellar cattle - farming .
called the " cradle of civilization " by the inhabitants of the 31st and 32nd centuries , terra has been the capital of several interstellar nations and is the most industrialized planet in the inner sphere .
ultraviolet line spectrum measurements are used to discern the chemical composition , densities , and temperatures of the interstellar medium , and the temperature and composition of hot young stars .
the explanation is that the interstellar medium is optically thin .
