mónica and viola decided not to replace him and to invite other musicians to play the bass in live performances and future album recordings .
therefore it declares that nothing in this constitution is to be construed as an authoritative test ; and we cordially invite to our working fellowship any who , while differing from us in belief , are in general sympathy with our spirit and our practical aims . " the leaders of this period were ralph waldo emerson with his idealism and theodore parker with his acceptance of christianity as absolute religion .
they invite students and others to study the bible " inductively from the point of view of the bible writers . "
on january 11 , 2010 , gonzalez signed a minor league contract with the detroit tigers with an invite to spring training .
nasser immediately dispatched heikal to invite arafat to cairo .
every year during tin hau festival , the transport department will invite tender for the special ferry service between joss house bay and a town location pier , usually north point .
however , the programme became ( around 1994 ) the first bbc tv show to invite contributions by email , and at one point its producer bernard newnham had the only internet connection in bbc television centre .
landry was a training camp invite of the nba 's new york knicks and was announced to their 15-man roster for the start of the 2009–10 season .
this in not an edit , but an invite for others to make any changes accordingly .
as the christmas season often runs very close to hannukah and the u.s. has an extremely large jewish population , many christian americans often invite their jewish neighbors and friends over for dinner as a sign of goodwill and love : sometimes ( and especially in families where more than one religion exists ) one shall see a plate of latkes on the table and small bags of chocolate coins for the children alongside the candy canes .
on the basis of performance in the written examination , the board of examiners will invite selected candidates to the interview , which will normally take place from 6 to 12 months after the exam .
the narrow streets and alleys and their wet slippery footways will not bear description or invite unnecessary visits.’
the chemistry between trucks and clapton convinced him to invite the derek trucks band to open for clapton 's set on his 2007 crossroads guitar festival , with trucks remaining on set afterward , performing with clapton 's band throughout his performances , and embarking on a world tour with him .
at neil 's urging , lily and devon decide to give her another chance and invite her to thanksgiving dinner .
kommissar hjuler has expressed admiration for the work of joseph beuys as the only artist whose work is completely finished in itself and does not invite other artists to advance the ideas further .
their invite and subsequent tour with ozzfest was thought by many to be a direct slap at homme , who rejected offers for queens of the stone age to tour in the 2007 line - up .
if the team comes together as one , plays unselfishly , and improves every game of every match , they may fulfill their potential and capitalize on the opportunity to reach their ultimate goal , receiving an invite to play in the national tournament .
the band also managed to invite some very renowned guest - musicians once again to play on their album .
they finally seek refuge in a rustic cabin occupied by a hillbilly couple , who invite them to spend the night .
the witches ' brew inn : the witches invite you in and give you the option to play a " friendly " game of chance .
although mixner ’s appointment turned out to be a mistake , as senator fred r. harris of oklahoma was supposed to invite mixner to join the less powerful rules committee , he nonetheless made his mark on the twenty - eight member body , which included warren christopher , who would later become secretary of state , senator birch bayh of indiana , senator harold hughes of iowa , senator adlai stevenson iii of illinois and senator george mcgovern of south dakota , who served as the committee ’s chairman .
rewarded with a free meal for saving the life of the owner of the restaurant " that 's amore " , regarded by peggy as " the " most romantic restaurant in heimlich county , hank at first wants to take " the guys " ( dale , boomhauer , and bill ) , but at peggy 's insistence has to invite a couple .
the people complained to the ruling prince , and he convoked a general assembly , where it was decided , after much discussion , to invite the buddha to their city .
a few weeks later , one of oprah 's producers called to invite sansone onto the show as a guest .
the visitor center has award - winning exhibits that invite everyone to explore the unseen slough .
yudhishthira suggested that purusha mruga 's presence in the rajasuya yagna would be most auspicious and assigned bhima to invite the revered guest .
sbs6 secured an agreement with the bdo to invite 5 pdc players to each of its two televised tournaments , the international darts league and the world darts trophy , between 2006 and 2010 .
as we look to complete this road , it will be necessary to invite the parishes to become part of the process financially . " ” .
professional colleagues dr. arijit sen and dr. ramananda invite him to a lecture but it is merely a pretence to humiliate him .
hopman was instrumental in tennis australia 's decision to invite the reigning wimbledon champion , louise brough clapp , and doris hart to play tournaments in australia in the summer of 1949 - 1950 .
in the studio , games included ' babe or minger ' , where kay would randomly select members of the 200 and invite them to guess whether they were a ' babe ' ( included in the top 50 of the vote carried out by the opposite sex ) or a ' minger ' ( in the bottom 50 ) .
on january 19 , 2010 , duncan signed a minor league contract with the washington nationals with an invite to spring training .
the camera crews invite fans from each of the games they cover to participate in a skit related to the night 's theme .
in tibet , where vegetables have been historically very scarce , and the adopted vinaya was the nikaya sarvāstivāda , vegetarianism is very rare , although the dalai lama and other esteemed lamas invite their audiences to adopt vegetarianism whenever they can .
but for the first 3 years ( of the job 's existence ) the foreign office refused to invite the secretary - general to the queen 's annual diplomatic reception at buckingham palace , much to arnold smith 's irritation , until in 1968 this refusal was overridden by the queen herself
roth and buchholz persuaded rudolf schenker to invite klaus meine to join , which he soon did .
in future years arca expects to invite applicants for lectureships , and imagines that a certain percentage of the faculty will change from year to year .
kublai began to suspect han chinese when his chinese minister 's son - in - law revolted against him while he was fighting against ariq böke in mongolia , though he continued to invite and use many han chinese advisers such as liu bingzhong and xu heng .
noppadon pattama , the foreign minister of thailand , wants to call the forum the council on rice trade cooperation and was planning , as of may 2008 , to invite ; china , india , pakistan , cambodia , burma , and vietnam .
these protests were made following ulueren 's decision to invite confesser cihan oskay to his programme , cihan oskay made controversial claims about fenerbahçe and aziz yıldırım being involved in match - fixing cases .
they invite the crew of the strange vessel to join in the merry - making , but in vain .
they annually invite people around the world to pray for jerusalem on the first sunday of every october , close to the time of yom kippur .
his only pleasure is being eaten and on his insistence , bill and sam invite bunyip to join them for lunch .
at first , the general belief was that it was to be a fileplanet subscriber - only beta , but it was later revealed to additionally have an invite system .
upon hearing of tennessee 's invite to the 1997 citrus bowl , spurrier joked publicly " you ca n't spell citrus without ut . "
during an invite to play soccer , dan tries to visit nate at his house and finds out about nate 's financial situation .
the commission will invite the candidates to the personality test in the ratio of 1:5 .
bring up value , and invite department stores etc .
later , as fletch accepted josh 's invite to the ashworths ' , it looked like the two were friends again .
w3c staff post announcements of new wai documents to this mailing list to invite reviews and comments .
intrigued by this idiosyncratic behaviour they invite him to dinner where he reveals the existence of the suicide club .
the jingle 's theme was to invite the audience to watch nbc shows that were full of exciting and memorable characters .
harriet 's otherwise uneventful life contains moments worth recording and , to invite captain john further into her life , she eventually gains the courage to show him her " secret book " - her diary .
by recommendation of reverend lovejoy , flanders decides to invite the simpsons to join him on his trip to a church retreat in jerusalem , hoping that a trip to the holy land will help redeem .
in contrast , speakers applying relational presence techniques invite connection by establishing a sense of intimate safety .
the university of california expected to get the invite , being ranked fourth in the bcs entering the last week of the regular season ; the texas longhorns , who had been left out of the bcs the year before , was fifth before the final bcs rankings were released .
the long - term objective is to expand the program to host hungarians with all neighboring countries and to invite other central eastern european students as well .
at the end of his lecture , the pope said , " it is to the great logos , to this breadth of reason , that we invite our partners in the dialogue of cultures . "
homer becomes suspicious of bart 's new muslim friend , bashir , and decides to invite his family for dinner ; having offended them , homer goes to their home to apologize but discovers what he believes to be a terrorist plot to blow up the springfield mall .
eventually , bernard went to invite the man in .
because sip allows the usage of udp packets , it is easy for an attacker to spoof any source address in the internet and send the invite of death from untraceable locations .
clinical trials are designed and conducted by scientists and medical experts , who invite participants to undergo testing new vaccines , therapies , or treatments .
after her execution , kane reveals that he had no intention of actually defeating the gdi militarily , instead striking hard enough to provoke an ion cannon strike , to " invite " the scrin so he could get their technology .
while it is traditional for a royal personage to hold the position , it is at the discretion of the regiment or corps whom they invite to be their colonel - in - chief .
once cewer agha arrived in tabriz , nizamul - saltana ordered " muhammad hussein khan zargham " to invite cewer agha to his own residence and murder him .
we invite all macedonians to join the ranks of the imro ( united ) , and all of us together will fight for a free macedonia ... "
" we invite children to wear their favourite halloween costume as they enjoy the fun at spooktacular .
m for montreal 's initiative is to invite and cater international music buyers , journalist , taste makers to experience montreal 's music , arts , nightlife and culture .
moreover , there was little thus far to show for his work : " not even yet has anything been accomplished such as to make me wish to invite you to share in the joy " .
no kalyana vazhthu is sung believing as the belief in swamithoppe is that all divine powers are existing and no need to invite them by singing the kalyana vazhthu .
the admin can then proceed to ' invite ' teachers and other faculty to test out the system .
when de soto 's expedition arrived in the area the casqui walked over a mile from their village to greet the travelers and invite them to stay in the town .
a redirect server consists of a user agent server handling invite requests and responding to them with a 301 ( moved permanently ) or 302 ( moved temporarily ) response code if a user has been registered on the requested uri .
in the initial stage of the arrest , a lawyer whom farhad aliyev did not know and whom he did not invite , was appointed at the expense of the stage budget .
the same year he prevailed on the presbytery of irvine for the suspension of the service - book , and he formed one of the deputation of noblemen and influential ministers deputed by the covenanters to visit aberdeen to invite ministers and gentry into the covenant .
one of the major flaws in husband 's campaign was that he tried to invite good relations with the eastern regions of north carolina , mostly unaffected by local sheriffs .
this environment should offer good models of communication , invite to communicate , give children an opportunity to talk meta - cognitively about their language problems and their findings , and appreciate children 's activities and findings ( even the preliminary , yet incomplete findings ) .
lao people believe in thirty - two spirits known as " khwan " ( ຂວັນ , ขวัญ , kʰwan ) that protect the body , and " basi " ( ບາສີ , baː siː , ใบสี , bɑj siː ) ceremonies are undertaken during momentous occasions or times of anxiety to bind the spirits to the body , as their absence is believed to invite illness or harm .
kovač would also invite his friends to his apartment , sometimes allowing them to rape one of the girls .
when he finally arrived in long bia , near the east coast , 137 days after entering the rainforest , he was greeted in a very unfriendly manner by a mission aviation fellowship ( maf ) pilot named ian , and when he checked into a hotel and looked into the mirror he noticed he had " a penetrating half - mad look to [ his ] eyes , a look of such unblinking intensity that immediately [ he ] realised why ian had n't been eager to invite [ him ] into his house . "
the ladies react with indifference to peggy 's social standing as merely the wife of the man introducing the newest hall of flamer ; however , they are impressed by her courage in daring to sit with them , and invite her to socialize .
on april 21 , additional bands were added and allowed to invite other bands to sign up for the service .
on january 14 , 2010 , cabrera signed a minor league contract with the chicago white sox with an invite to spring training .
however , some conferences , most notably the big east , do not invite the teams with the worst records .
live from atlanta " was named as a result of a two - day , fan - invite recording weekend back in september 2006 at tree sound studios in atlanta .
the department sent the letters to invite two adoptive parents concerned to ask their sons to take dna tests .
winning the acclaimed freestyle competition ' battlescars ' in march 2006 brought envy both respect and publicity , and this led to an entry into the ' scribblejam qualifiers ' in association with the jump off with some of the best battlers in the uk , followed by an invite to open the mobo awards 2006 .
the two of them hold tea parties and invite the interesting artists of paris over every week .
rather , the words invite attention to questions of international and domestic sovereignty . "
dwight is upset and quickly shuts down the exercise to invite everyone to set off fireworks outside .
in 1489 , ferdinand i of naples having repeatedly refused to pay the tariff for his investiture , and a shaky peace of 1486 having failed , innocent viii found reason to excommunicate ferdinand and invite charles viii of france to come to italy with an army and take possession of the kingdom of naples .
that led thatcher to offer fairbairn the secondary post of solicitor - general for scotland , and to invite the then dean of the faculty of advocates , j p h mackay qc , who was not even then a member of the conservative party , to become lord advocate , which post he accepted .
the grids are set up in such a manner as to ensure that a large percentage of customers in the same neighborhood would not be blacked out concurrently , which could invite looting and other related problems .
now alone , amy returns to london , where she is welcomed by fanny and edmund , who invite her to stay with them .
watching her play this role much enthusiastically , walter abeysinghe , a drama producer sought permission from her father , to invite her to play the lead role of ' sita ' in his drama ' ramayanaya . '
cochran 's sent his japan - stationed naval officer son , w. r. ( dick ) cochran jr. , to investigate and received back a glowing report , that said ( possibly to cochran 's annoyance ) , " this girl is better than you are ! " though the decision was ultimately in the hands of the billiard congress of america as tournament sponsor , they gave cochran the option to invite her .
businesses invite staff to a julbord dinner or lunch in preceding weeks , and people go privately to restaurants offering julbord during december .
after venting to her mother about homer ruining her ' one chance ' to get to know bergstrom outside of the classroom , lisa is given permission to invite him to family dinner , only to be shattered when she finds miss hoover back and mr. bergstrom gone .
while most other depeche mode singles prior to " personal jesus " usually had band - made extended mixes , depeche mode started to invite more djs and mixers to the fold , which would become the mainstay for all future depeche mode singles .
hodges 's shakespearean expertise led wayne state university theatre department chair leonard leone to invite him to detroit in the late 1970s and early 1980s to work on leone 's proposed reconstruction of the globe theatre on the detroit river .
catherine was not , as has sometimes been supposed , the first to bring italian comedy to france : louis gonzaga , duke of nevers , himself an italian , was the first to invite high - quality italian players to france in 1571 .
they are not idealists who imagine and invite others to an ideal world .
the gathering is a christian event run by serious4god(elim ) where they invite christian bands and speakers to play music and have seminars .
several times through the year they would hold dinners and invite the wives of the firemen whom were not involved in the auxiliary .
but when crane tried to invite members of a lesbian advocacy group , the daughters of bilitis to be guests on his show in june 1964 , abc ordered him to cancel the show , and he did .
beginning in 1992 , the university of denver utilized the edward w. estlow fund for journalism to invite a prominent journalist to campus each year to offer the edward w. estlow lecture .
his plan was to invite the french officers to a banquet , kill them , and then burn and sink the ships .
in july 1914 kumagusu 's reputation was spread nationwide , following a newspaper report on the announcement by walter t. swingle , head of the office of crop physiology and breeding investigation of us department of agriculture , that they would invite minakata to the us .
rejected by the irish government , the proposal was then amended to strengthen the steps towards a united ireland , and no longer requiring ireland to join the war , but only to invite british forces to use irish bases and ports .
reviews accrue from three sources : first , businesses can proactively invite their clients via email to submit a review .
there are possibilities that this highway has not been properly repaired , intentionally , because drivers speed up to more than the specified speed limit ( 55 mph ) and having the highway repaired would mean more fatal accidents as a good highway would invite people to drive faster .
thongs can also cause small lacerations which can invite infections .
the " lawrenceville stories " ( " the prodigious hickey , " " the tennessee shad " , " the varmint " , " skippy bedelle " , " the hummingbird " ) , set in the well - known prep school , invite comparison with kipling 's " stalky and co. " a 1987 pbs mini - series was based on them .
in theory , the club could simply decline to invite a qualified player .
the great hacker war began with the closing of an invite - only bulletin board called " fifth amendment " , whose participants were some of the world 's most successful hackers .
the conspirators planned to invite the russian officials in the caucasus to a grand ball where they would be given the choice of death or surrender .
josh brown , who provided his share of game - winning kicks , ultimately tied a franchise record of 8 50 + yard field goals and earned an invite as a pro bowl alternate .
when i saw him raise his hand , i opened my arms to invite the chop .
on returning to the hotel for dinner , the pair invite madame hortense to their table and get her to talk about her past as a courtesan .
formal invite .
could i not invite you to dinner this evening in the restaurant ? ' ' i do n't know whether that would be all right .
when he goes to invite kakarlal , he bumps into his lovely daughter , shruthi ( nagma ) , and instantly falls in love with her .
with bowie on keyboards and backing vocals , the team included three - quarters of the future tin machine line - up ; the sales brothers’ " gale - force " contribution to this album led bowie to invite them to join his new band twelve years later ( " check out " lust for life " , " he told guitarist reeves gabrels , " i ’ve found the rhythm section ! " ) .
he would invite young boys from both his home town and towns along his travels to come with him , promising to teach them the ways of the bible .
interwoven between these puzzles , chris would invite the panellists to solve the puzzles from the introduction , present the panel beater puzzle , and read out correspondence from the listeners .
the liberal party of istván tisza , which had been the governing party for three decades , had lost the february elections , and the emperor - king franz josef refused to invite the opposition groups to form a government ; instead , he appointed field marshal baron géza fejérváry as prime minister , and the opposition called for national resistance .
when asked if she was going to invite her brother 's ex girlfriend and the mother of his child jennylyn mercado to her wedding she snapped:-
the amethyst initiative states that , in their experience as university presidents , they have observed , " alcohol education that mandates abstinence as the only legal option has not resulted in significant constructive behavioral change among our students , " and therefore they urge lawmakers " to invite new ideas about the best ways to prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol " .
here they offer the leader ( called a " mayordomo " ) mezcal and pozole to invite him to the ceremonies .
it was this , together with the disappointment of not obtaining the throne , which led cleonymus to invite pyrrhus to sparta in 272 bc .
religious associations have the exclusive right to establish religious educational institutions , invite foreigners to work with religious groups , and organize cloistered and monastic communities .
one of the first items of business , once the club was organized , was to invite “ the ladies ” to meetings .
angel arrives to warn trevor of the danger in which he 's involved , but before he can convince mr. lockley to invite him inside , the men in suits reveal themselves as vampires and kill trevor .
were also featured guests in the hip - hop track titled " pozovite neke drolje " ( " invite some sluts " ) with rappers ajs nigrutin and prti bee gee .
in an effort to help christian get back to his old self following his sexual attack at the hands of the carver , a serial rapist , kimber agrees to invite bisexual detective kit mcgraw into their relationship to spice things up .
victorian groups vufors and pra invite dr. j. allen hynek to visit australia .
the small size of mercury , its lack of atmosphere , and the cratered nature of its surface invite comparison with the moon .
on 28 may 1789 , the abbé sieyès moved that the third estate , now meeting as the " communes " ( ) , proceed with verification of its own powers and invite the other two estates to take part , but not to wait for them .
the nerds prepare a party and invite jefferson , but the party is nearly ruined before it starts when the pi delta pis , after promising to be their dates , proceed to stand them up .
berg reveals that , while the attack on pearl harbor came as a shock to lindbergh , he did predict that america 's " wavering policy in the philippines " would invite a bloody war there , and , in one speech , he warned that " we should either fortify these islands adequately , or get out of them entirely " .
the moral , symbolic and military ( since it was a major military hub ) value of the city meant to lose it was to invite disaster of the home , as well as the army and front .
later , the tea house closes forever due to poor sanitation , causing bart to invite his mother to his treehouse for tea .
after working in the publicity section of the newspaper , his writing skills were soon to be unveiled and captain vaz would personally invite him to join the editorial staff of the " notícias " , thus starting his career in journalism .
in ankara they were introduced to mustafa kemal pasha ( atatürk ) who wanted the two friends to write a poem that would invite and inspire the turkish volunteers in constantinople and elsewhere to join their struggle .
in october 2009 , thompson defended the decision by the bbc to invite british national party leader nick griffin to appear on the " question time " programme following criticism by politicians including home secretary alan johnson and secretary of state for wales peter hain .
along the way , there were signs the wild were improving , as second - year speedster gaborik had a solid sophomore season with 30 goals , including an invite to the nhl youngstars game , and andrew brunette led the team in scoring with 69 points .
the message went on to invite the students to celebrate the happy occasion with president hexter and manfred kollmeier in an on - campus reception .
the mission intended to visit each latin american country and invite them to participate in the first unesco general conference .
a popular feature during the stations first few months , pirate radio would invite listeners to call the station and " flush your former station " on the air .
pope pius concludes his encyclical letter in the words of bernard " to invite all to be more and more devout to the loving mother of god , and each in his respective state in life , to strive to imitate her exalted virtues ” .
in obedience to the holy qu’ran , we as muslims invite christians to come together with us on the basis of what is common to us , which is also what is most essential to our faith and practice : the two commandments . ”
i also intend to invite her to sweden for holidays and all that .
or a band can use the events feature to announce their next gig and invite members to attend .
all are encouraged to invite guests as a way for the guest to be introduced to the church in a more informal setting .
it also was one of the only cities of the nejd region to invite a saudi shiite cleric to speak in a public event , in a grass - roots effort to promote a united national identity .
in another attempt to help doris , the gang persuades some cheerleaders to invite them all to an outdoors party .
during this period , one visiting professor position was created to invite distinguished foreign physicists for an extended period .
m2 would often invite musicians to hand pick blocks of videos or air hour - long blocks ( which would eventually be known as " artist collections " ) of videos by one band or musician .
. they invite us to take a seat in this train of life , for an internal journey , using a rhythm displayed with an impressive regularity . "
on the occasion of the 40th year of his career mayall received carte blanche to invite fellow musicians for the recording of a celebratory album . "
the maleku still invite tourists to visit their villages , although most tourists prefer to see them perform ceremonies in the nearby town of la fortuna .
project managers create workspaces and invite users to participate in a way similar to linkedin or facebook .
though there is only one commencement , individual colleges and schools of columbia often invite a speaker at separate graduation ceremonies held earlier or on another day , however .
in 1955 , after an invite from the london judo society abbe , now an 8th " dan " , came to the uk .
josh wanted to invite amy , but could not find her .
the nuns struggle with their vows of celibacy , some inclining to lesbianism whilst others invite male lovers secretly into their cells .
finally , the result of this collaboration is showcased , often in a cross - media campaign , to invite the extended community of like - minded individuals to share in the results , thereby creating a communal bond between the " brand champions as advertisers " and other individuals who have a natural affinity with what the brand has to offer .
his love for cadet college petaro was such that he gave the name petaro to his home and took every opportunity to invite petarians - ex - cadets graduates of the college - to his uk home .
he consulted with the elders of midian and sent elders of moab and midian to the land by the euphrates to invite the prophet balaam to come and curse the israelites for him .
he performed a yagna , to which he deliberately did not invite lord shiva .
conversely , the organizers of the race originally declined to invite , but changed this decision on 23 april , inviting them as the giro 's 22nd and final team .
the promoter of these shows - steve brink - had promised that there would be no press ; however he did invite a guy from the melody maker , roy hollingworth , who had some sort of nervous breakdown at the [ mc5 ] show .
however , under the rules of the mafia , no other family could set up shop in another family 's territory without permission -- and bruno was n't willing to invite them .
they were usually built so that they were almost impossible to surround completely , but usually presented at least one exposed face to invite attack from that direction .
without their help , holmes dreams up a plan to invite all of the great detectives in the world to a party , with the hope of discovering the true identity of moriarty .
in the 2009 nba offseason , bowen was a non - roster invite with the oklahoma city thunder and after training camp was offered a one - year contract .
the movie begins with senthil , who runs an advertising agency , boarding a train to visit his native village to invite all his friends for his wedding .
in paris he had a meeting with theo van gogh and managed thus to invite vincent van gogh to the next exhibition in brussels .
the women invite them to a country house party at blair tunnoch .
he claimed that the norwegian media had been able to control the election campaign more than before , regarding who they interruot during debates , which issues they choose to ask the different parties about , and who they invite to join debates .
later , at his home in toronto , he uses an escort agency to invite a number of women to dinner , finally settling on the one who looks and sounds most like his wife .
after getting himself an invite to the burton house and spiking both girls ' drinks with ghb , andy offered an unconscious sophie as a present to sam .
summits are often used to introduce new policy , invite new members into the alliance , launch major new initiatives , and build partnerships with non - nato countries .
" anushiravan " also turned towards the east , and sent the famous physician borzouye to invite indian and chinese scholars to gondeshapur .
the show planned to invite the three major teams in the world of comedy : laurel and hardy , abbott and costello , and martin and lewis for an hour ( plus ) special .
anyone who had anything to say to them , they would welcome them with their open arms , they would invite them to backstage .
as part of their approach to evangelism , christchurch hold a large number of social events throughout the year which allow members to invite non - christian friends into the church community .
they also told customers to " invite a soldier and serve turkey this thanksgiving . "
at the end of the series , chandler and monica made it clear to joey that their new house outside of the city would have a specially designated room over the garage where he could grow old ; ironically , chandler had previously feared growing old alone in the wake of mr. heckles death , and asked joey to promise to invite him over for holidays with him and the future mrs. tribbiani .
trinity was the first white institution of higher education in the south to invite booker t. washington to speak ( in 1900 ) .
ironel herself had found out recently , and had received instructions from ustareth to invite venn , argul , winter , claidi , dengwi , and ngarbo to come to her country in yinyay and visit her .
at level 8 a character can make a party to invite 1 - 4 players and they all share exp from individual kills .
on stardate 5423.4 , the starship " enterprise " arrives at the planet gideon to begin diplomatic relations and invite the inhabitants to join the federation .
while an athame is generally used to command , a wand is seen as more gentle and is used to invite or encourage .
he revealed that south vietnam would reject a formal inquiry mission as interference in domestic affairs , but would try to seize the initiative to invite a fact finding mission .
by september 1908 , an agent had been installed within india house who was able to invite detectives to the sunday night meetings of the free india society ( attendance for europeans was by invitation only ) .
the encounter of the two men triggered an interest that took neilson to invite puccini to see a private performance of the play " madame butterfly " , playing then at the duke of york theater .
shawn had the foresight to invite several local casting directors and talent agents to the show which led to him meeting his first acting agent , ruth woodhall .
he even went so far as to invite them to his house in bangued for dinner .
with their own version of the animus , dubbed the ' animus 2.0 ' , they invite desmond to help them discover the memories of his ancestor , ezio auditore da firenze , for two reasons : to train desmond in assassin skills through the bleeding effect , and to find other pieces of eden .
one of the sultan 's daughters was married to syed jalal baba , who took advantage of his father - in - law 's absence to invite the swatis to invade .
oakey 's first move was to invite guitarist and keyboard player ian burden from the tour back to join the band full - time .
after leaving school , woliner began making films and videos , both on his own and with comedians in new york , and screening them at shows like invite them up , the monthly first sundays film festival , baltimore 's now defunct , ucb , and others .
the guest director position is held by a great film lover that the telluride film festival directors invite to join them in the creation of the festival program .
his father , tapana mishra was a devout vaishnava and would sometimes invite chaitanya mahaprabhu to dine at his house .
duncan and isadora quagmire are introduced in " the austere academy " when they invite the baudelaire children to share their table in the school cafeteria following an unpleasant first encounter with carmelita spats .
they chatted with adams after her performance , and two years later they contacted her to invite her to join their band as a singer on their next album , " the seeds of love " .
the diocese has also implemented a series of saint andrew dinners to invite young men to an informal meal and discussion on vocations .
dawn silva , the original lead vocalist , would pick up the torch and invite back - up vocalist " bridesmaids " sheila horne and jeanette mcgruder to sing on the second brides album , " never buy texas
while many libraries nationwide did not have a segregationist agenda , neither were they quick to invite blacks to utilize the collections .
numerous displays provide detailed information about the flora and fauna in the surrounding forrest and invite hikers to participate in games and to solve educative riddles and anagrams .
as of february 27 , 2008 , invite them up is on an " indefinite hiatus , " as stated on their official site .
thompson was outrighted to louisville from the 40-man roster , and accepted his assignment with an invite to spring training .
nitschke received a second email cancelling the invite in the interests of there being a " fair debate " , and was told other speakers were unwilling to speak alongside him .
desperate for some fun , they invite a trio of equally nerdy fraternity pledges over for a party .
the lyrics invite the listener to " party all the way to y2 k " .
later that night , she is at the point of leaving behind her apartment , knowing she is n't able to pay the rent , when rodolphe and musette invite her to stay with them .
one rainy day he decides to invite some friends round for dinner .
the deacon or , in his absence , the priest may then invite those present to offer each other the sign of peace .
" miss ella fitzgerald & mr gordon jenkins invite you to listen and relax " is a 1955 studio album by ella fitzgerald , arranged by gordon jenkins .
a polo ground in shaksgam was built by the amacha royal family of shigar , and the rajas of shigar used to invite the amirs of yarkand to play polo there .
though many listen to the call without accompaniment , hg nelson 's introductory comments always invite listeners to " tickle your television to the league channel down your end of the swamp , turn down the sound and turn up triple j. "
conversely , open invite collaborative blogs allow any user to register for a blogging account , providing instant access .
chip tells steven to invite robin to his house to watch a movie with him .
this earned him an invite to the 2006 ifsa ( international federation of strength athletes ) world championship .
the new york jets flight crew was hand - selected from an invite - only closed audition based on their dance experience and expertise .
do n't invite any zombies to a celebration of diwali .
he deviated from the standard marxist doctrine to invite foreign and national capitals to set - up factories in west bengal .
on january 26 , 2010 , tracy signed a minor league contract with the chicago cubs with an invite to spring training .
he defended what he saw as the " students ' and faculty 's [ right ] to invite to the campus speakers of all political persuasions in an effort to better understand their views " .
this path does not invite all affected parties into the planning process , and therefore dose not take into account their needs , areas of expertise or insights .
their plan was for princess eyi to invite huo to a feast , and then to , at the feast , ambush huo and kill him , and then depose emperor zhao and make prince dan emperor .
he was the first to invite african - american entertainers to perform in his casinos and welcome all races .
on that occasion they hold a big feast and invite all their relatives , cook the famous bulamaq and after cooking they mix it with sugar to sweeten it .
the choirs often invite other choirs to their events and attend national and regional events with other choirs in the network .
she respected me , shy kid that i was , and modeled how to invite children to come into music their own way . "
ncaa championship - first ever invite for the women .
the friends mention going to a confessional retreat at a jesuit church and invite kernan along .
media web sites , including newspapers , television networks , and america online , run occasional " polls " that do not use the sampling methods of formal opinion polls , but instead invite all internet users to respond .
in fact , when in 607 new elected catholicoi of armenia , abraham , assemble a meeting in dvin with the clergymen from the territories controlled by the byzantine empire , invite two priests from yerevan .
the dos attack can also be transported in other messages than invite .
boyd , who seems to have a strange omniscient mind , convinces house to invite wilson to his poker game .
the morning after his recording ' session ' , he would invite the artists involved to listen to playbacks of their performances .
among others , crime author jay robert nash disliked ito 's handling of the simpson case because they felt he allowed his courtroom to be turned into part of the media circus to the point where ito would invite attorneys and courtroom staff into his chambers to watch the previous night 's jay leno footage ; however , ito and others present in the courtroom dispute this characterization , challenging critics to identify a proceeding that was not under control .
honors an anthropologist at a relatively early stage of his or her career to give each year , and only invite those who are considered to have made a significant contribution to anthropological theory .
his highland clothes invite suspicion that he is an " anointer " ; that is , a foreign agent deliberately spreading plague in some way .
in the year 1974 , the archbishop visited calcutta for a cbci meeting and proceeded to invite blessed mother teresa to work in the archdiocese of hyderabad .
it was said that the governor of gui district ( 桂管 , headquartered in modern guilin , guangxi ) wang gong ( 王拱 ) favored his talent and wanted to invite him to serve on staff .
many honor societies invite students to become members based on the scholastic rank ( the top x% of a class ) and/or grade point averages of those students , either overall , or for classes taken within the discipline for which the honor society provides recognition .
the authorities claimed that the group had " no basis " to invite him since it is unregistered and noted that they considered madubuko 's visit " inexpedient " given the new generation 's alleged " violation of belarusian law . "
uwa batara lengser appeared and proposed to invite a new ascetic , called ajar sukaresi - who was none else than king prabu permana di kusumah - to explain the strange dream .
it is said that since then it has been a tradition to invite sisters in shravan purnima for the thread tying ceremony or the raksha bandhan .
in june 1998 , the family moved into nazim jihad while ahmed was away ; but were only there a short time before bin laden moved and did n't invite the family to accompany him .
susan runs over to mike beforehand and tells him to reject , but mike refuses to listen to her and accepts his dinner invite .
also in 660 , emperor gaozong and empress wu toured bian prefecture ( i.e. , taiyuan ) , and empress wu had the opportunity to invite her old neighbors and relatives to a feast .
