initially , his strength was dependent upon the length of his hair and the longer it was , the more powerful he became , although his mutation has since stabilized , making his hair length irrelevant .
however , physical sloc measures are sensitive to logically irrelevant formatting and style conventions , while logical sloc is less sensitive to formatting and style conventions .
his recent position supporting the monarchy and inactivity in recent political movement that brought down the government headed by then king gyanendre , has made him increasingly irrelevant than controversial .
it represents what type of object code the package itself will produce ( such as cross - compiling a cross - compiler ) ; otherwise the " target platform " setting is irrelevant .
whether symptoms subside after pregnancy is also irrelevant to the diagnosis .
since no scores were displayed on the tv screen for any odyssey game , cheating was somewhat irrelevant .
to ensure that irrelevant information was not admitted in court , the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia drew up certain rules , which could serve as a useful model for effective laws and procedures elsewhere .
the panel director controls the interactions among the participants by processing the information and filtering out irrelevant content .
the operators of dimension five are dimension five operators and much like other operators whose dimension exceeds four , they are irrelevant operators .
if this claim ( which marx originally intended as a criticism of german idealism and the more moderate young hegelians ) is still more or less the case in the twenty - first century , as many marxists would claim , then marxist theory is in fact the practical continuation of the philosophical tradition , while much of philosophy is still politically irrelevant .
the judge ruled that while this was true it was irrelevant .
of fish 's attempt to co - opt the critiques leveled against him , eagleton responds , " the felicitous upshot is that nobody can ever criticise fish , since if their criticisms are intelligible to him , they belong to his cultural game and are thus not really criticisms at all ; and if they are not intelligible , they belong to some other set of conventions entirely and are therefore irrelevant . "
in the modern age , the notion of inherited nobility with special rights has become , in the western world , increasingly seen as irrelevant to the modern way of life .
if enough people were to read our book and u.s. policy were to evolve in the manner we recommend , bin laden 's call to arms would fall on deaf ears and he 'd become even more irrelevant than he is today "
jeff jensen of " entertainment weekly " , in reviewing the new film states that " star trek " had " devolved into a near - irrelevant cultural joke , likely to inspire giggles and unprintable curses from even its most ardent supporters . "
he identifies his " debut in the field of religious controversy " to 1967 , when he " delivered the ' youth sermon ' for the first baptist church in oak ridge , tennessee " and " shocked the congregation with the declaration that ( based on ) religious belief is irrelevant to salvation . "
clues may also be entirely irrelevant , or throw a player off entirely .
in 2004 , bakshi - doron spoke out in favor of ending the orthodox monopoly over marriages in israel , saying that the law had become irrelevant and was now a source of division and hatred between orthodox jews and their masorti , reform , and secular counterparts .
it is not known why , but this modification seems to have made the " auctoritas patrum " irrelevant .
ahsan haque of ign gave the episode a positive review , writing that it had " a great storyline and the right combination of irrelevant and relevant jokes " , and grading it 8.4 out of 10 .
it could kill at distances of more than 500 meters ( though this was increasingly seen as irrelevant ) .
historians admit that nicholas was a " good man "— the historical evidence of personal charm , gentleness , love of family , deep religious faith and strong russian patriotism is too overwhelming to be denied — but they argue that personal factors are irrelevant ; what matters is that nicholas was a bad tsar ...
the numerical value is irrelevant , and they do not indicate quantity , rank , or any other measurement .
from here onwards , dat set aside his irrelevant plans to dump his companions and sought to devise a plan to entrap and to subsequently arrest jimmy .
kurt schwenk , an evolutionary biologist at the university of connecticut finds the discovery of these glands intriguing , but considers most of the evidence for venom in the study to be " meaningless , irrelevant , incorrect or falsely misleading " .
failure to satisfy independence of irrelevant alternatives makes stv slightly prone to strategic nomination , albeit less so than with plurality methods where the spoiler effect is more pronounced and predictable .
crosby rendered the difference between the two irrelevant .
due to jenkees recent ascension into internet popularity , it is difficult ( and perhaps even irrelevant ) to identify his style in terms of conventional geographic or cultural reference points .
the reasoning - very briefly - was that in order to have a fair trial under of the european convention on human rights a defendant should be sentenced by an independent tribunal ( that is , a judge ) and not a politician who will have extraneous and irrelevant concerns which may affect his or her judgment .
in psychology , the simon effect refers to the finding that reaction times are usually faster and more accurate when the stimulus occurs in the same relative location as the response , even if the stimulus location is irrelevant to the task .
in her preface to the book didion writes , " i went to san francisco because i had not been able to work in some months , had been paralyzed by the conviction that writing was an irrelevant act , that the world as i had understood it no longer existed .
” vico ’s position here and in later works is not that the cartesian method is irrelevant , but that its application can not be extended to the civic sphere .
the curriculum for the examinations consisted of the " five classics and the four books " , which focused on chinese history leading up to the song dynasty , while regarding other knowledge as irrelevant .
paranoid schizophrenia is explained as a misdirected and irrelevant sa as an outcome of the functional deficiency of the polysemantic right - hemispheric way of thinking .
soon after , on july 7 , beck announced that his website would be featuring " extended informal conversations with musicians , artists , filmmakers , and other various persons " in a section called irrelevant topics .
the waters flow uphill and time is irrelevant .
in this case , the card 's output channel is irrelevant ( and typically , the card is only capable of two channels of digital sound ) .
the last pick in the draft is known as mr. irrelevant , and is the subject of a dinner in his ( dubious ) honor in newport beach , california .
" miss " is generally reserved for unmarried women . " ms. " is for cases in which the marital status is either unknown to the writer or is irrelevant .
maier wrote that hillgruber 's point about the death camps ceasing to operate in the winter of 1944 - 45 was irrelevant as he ignored the concentration camps and the death marches .
the un ... calls upon south africa to desist from linking the independence of namibia to irrelevant and extraneous issues such as the presence of cuban troops in angola as such linkage is incompatible with the relevant united nations resolutions , particularly security council resolution 435 ( 1978 ) ; ... "
he reinterpreted some of these passages , and suggested that others of them had been rendered irrelevant by changed conditions .
gender is also irrelevant .
the new york law prohibited the burning of the u.s. flag , and the state proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant burned the u.s. flag , and the utterances of the defendant were , in black 's view , irrelevant .
melfi feels his reaction is ridiculous and irrelevant .
he keeps up a muttered commentary of bad - tempered and irrelevant questions – '
irrelevant of where when or how tracks were recorded , the imastering service provides quick results and easy access to metropolis’ engineers and mastering services at a fraction of the cost .
kabila , by this point in rough control of one quarter of the country , dismissed this as irrelevant , and warned tshisekedi that he would have no part in a new government if he accepted the post .
prose fiction became in this situation the medium of open secrets , rumours , private and public gossip , a private , unscientific and irrelevant reading matter , yet one of public relevance as one could openly see that the book one was reading had reached the public as part of a larger edition .
it is likely that it would have continued the following morning but for judge raulston 's announcement that he considered the whole examination irrelevant to the case and his decision that it should be " expunged " from the record .
she points to sentences like " john was allowed home from prison at last on sunday " suggesting that this would be impossible to reduce to physical terms since the details of the physical movement are irrelevant to the meaning which depends on complex non - physical concepts .
he was mr. irrelevant in the 2004 nfl draft , and was selected by the oakland raiders .
but while adhering to the underlying principle that " some " boundary is necessary , " macpherson " overruled the prior common law by rendering the formerly dominant factor in the boundary , that is , the privity formality arising out of a contractual relationship between persons , totally irrelevant .
however , the main reason for needing an improved encoder , execution speed , was largely made irrelevant by increases in processor speed in the ibm - pc .
in the summer of 1937 , wolfgang willrich , a member of the ss , lampooned benn in his book " säuberung des kunsttempels " ; heinrich himmler , however , stepped in to reprimand willrich and defended benn on the grounds of his good record since 1933 ( his earlier artistic output being irrelevant ) .
this is in contrast to , for example , life insurance , where the amount of the beneficiary 's economic loss is irrelevant .
christopher hart of the " the sunday times " , condemning the play for its " straitjacketed political orthodoxy , " criticized churchill 's " ludicrous and utterly predictable lack of even - handedness , " typical , he said , of the " enclosed , fetid , smug , self - congratulating and entirely irrelevant little world of contemporary political theatre . " theatre critic jan dalley of the " financial times " described the play as " agitprop " harking back to long - discredited revolutionary ideas , similar to bret stephens 's criticism in the wall street journal . and susannah clapp 's criticism in the observer .
this indicates changes in affections and the breaking of irrelevant links with the past - a turning away from existing relationships and objects of affection with the intent of progressing to that which is new and deeper in meaning .
thus , the bishop of havelberg commanded his clergy , in 1471 , to suppress the passion plays and legend plays in their parish districts because of the disgraceful and irrelevant farces interspersed through the productions .
with thermopylae now opened to the persian army , the continuation of the blockade at artemisium by the allied fleet became irrelevant .
for these purposes , it is irrelevant if the fraud is that of the client , the adviser or a third party acting through an innocent client .
homestar is not completely stupid , as he has shown intelligence at rather irrelevant times , such as correctly stating coulomb 's law ( although in response to being asked what 2 + 2 equals ) .
intelligent design proponents say that the question is irrelevant to or outside the scope of intelligent design .
idle , irrelevant or immaterial as they may be called , by their mere existence they also serve .
it also occurs when an emotional response is repeatedly evoked in situations in which the action tendency that is associated with the emotion proves irrelevant or unnecessary .
because businesses claim back their input gst , the gst inclusive price is usually irrelevant for business purchasing decisions , other than in relation to cash flow issues .
" the perceptions of the general public are irrelevant " and indeed the test of “ whether a mark is disparaging and/or offensive is the perceptions of the individuals referred to and/or identified by that mark .
this displacement of otherness means that the fight against racism is governed not by moral laws but by tragic ones in which innocence becomes irrelevant .
similarly , picking the " lex loci solutionis " , i.e. the law of the place where the contract is to be performed , may prove to be equally irrelevant , assuming that there is only one place where performance is to occur : in the example , there is manufacture in greece , delivery to belgium , loading in belgium , carriage on the high seas , and unloading in sweden .
for example , fideism claims that evidence is irrelevant to religious beliefs and that attempts to justify religious beliefs in such a way are misguided .
however , financial problems at the airline soon made this question irrelevant .
some pansexuals suggest that they are gender - blind ; that gender and sex are insignificant or irrelevant in determining whether they will be sexually attracted to others .
how the ball reaches the pocket is irrelevant , as long as the called ball enters the called pocket ( except on a foul shot ) .
the relative positions of a and b are reversed by the introduction of c , an " irrelevant " alternative .
at this point , baseball becomes irrelevant . "
wells grading criteria give a c or worse to any textbook that has a picture of the miller – urey apparatus unless the figure caption explicitly says that the experiment is irrelevant , regardless of whether or not the text being illustrated by the picture states that the atmosphere used in the experiment was incorrect .
in response , anti - communist christians point out that the price of labor in this parable was agreed upon with each laborer prior to the labor , the amount of labor performed is thus irrelevant ; communism is therefore not related to this parable in any sense .
controlled vocabularies are often claimed to improve the accuracy of free text searching , such as to reduce irrelevant items in the retrieval list .
kobzon claims that his life - long achievements are evidence of his true nature , and considers the us visa decision as act of reckless politics that is now outdated and irrelevant .
the other party in parliament , united , had only one seat and so was irrelevant .
fans were cornerened if their start was with the off - ice problems however this was soon irrelevant to the fans when they again made a playoff berth .
in the 1950s he , william e. r. joell and others founded the all bermuda tennis club for all people , irrelevant of their skin colour .
an analysis conducted by professor jessica utts showed a , with gifted subjects scoring 5%-15% above chance , though subject reports included a large amount of irrelevant information , and when reports did seem on target they were vague and general in nature .
it 's an interesting mystery , but seems to me sort of irrelevant to whether the work written by that person is publishable or not . "
the fact that observation is embedded in theory does not mean observations are irrelevant to science .
but the precise value is irrelevant since the main value of wind ( in the uk , worth 5 times the capacity credit value ) is its fuel and co2 savings .
the conflict which drives this evolution is the developing war between old earth , supplemented by the dorsai and the exotics , and the organization of others led by bleys ahrens , with the aid of the friendlies and a powerful ( but largely irrelevant to the psychological conflict ) coalition of the technically inclined younger worlds .
however , the spanish economy and empire lay in ruins after the peninsular war , and the royal company of the philippines was by that time so unprofitable and ineffective as to be irrelevant .
it performed its reconnaissance mainly at low level , making the reheat problem at high altitude irrelevant .
however , as the increase in shadow stock price is irrelevant to the performance of the companies themselves , the stock price may drop again after such increasing power fades .
this is usually irrelevant for transfusion since this variant of the antibody does not react at body temperature .
mike hobart reviewed the album for " financial times " , commenting that " once the band had delivered its first unison riff , the music 's inspirational source was irrelevant as a fine programme of jazz - fusion poured out " .
the ambassador 's letter may be irrelevant to the investigation of events that occurred the next day at no gun ri beyond establishing the mere existence of discussion of general orders at a high level regarding shooting refugees feared to contain hostile forces .
despite this , he did co - author the book " is belief in god good , bad or irrelevant ? " , which is based on a series of lengthy debates about science and religion between graffin and historian preston jones .
also a gifted musician , which is irrelevant here .... nietzsche is not at all a specifically political nature .
no offence will necessarily be committed by the suicide victim if the agreement is carried out , but the fact that it is legally impossible to commit the crime of suicide is irrelevant under the criminal attempts act 1981 .
these are not to be confused with placeholder names , such as " thingamajig " , which refer to objects or people whose names are temporarily forgotten , irrelevant or unknown .
upon arrival at givenchy , mcqueen insulted the founder by calling him " irrelevant " .
if thoughts come to the mind intention , it is a natural human weakness , but one should try one 's best and try to ensure with one 's utmost that the mind and heart are wholly turned towards allah , and the mind is in full harmony and tune with the tongue , and as soon as one becomes conscious of irrelevant thoughts one should immediately turn the attention to the prayer " . "
irrelevant astronomy is a video podcast feed produced by nasa 's spitzer space telescope .
gross lgd is most popular amongst academics because of its simplicity and because academics only have access to bond market data , where collateral values often are unknown , uncalculated or irrelevant .
fraud , lack of legality and international recognition made the final results from the referendum irrelevant in the end .
nerland , a self - confessed fascist , was also the saskatchewan leader of the ku klux klan and aryan nations , but during the trial , nerland 's racial political ideology was dismissed as irrelevant to the shooting as well , despite nerland 's statement to a police officer " if i am convicted of killing that indian , they should give me a medal and you should pin it on me . "
thus the legitimacy or lack thereof of one 's birth is irrelevant as far as their status as a muslim is concerned .
svenonius told an interviewer " i do n't actually like rock and roll lyrics that are political because lyrics are almost irrelevant in rock and roll .
at first the americans opposed the plan as opportunistic and irrelevant but were persuaded to agree to a sicilian invasion on the grounds of the great saving to allied shipping which would accrue with the opening of the mediterranean by the removal of axis air and naval forces from the island .
we wish to prove that any social choice system respecting unrestricted domain , unanimity , and independence of irrelevant alternatives ( iia ) is a dictatorship .
i view with concern this progressive slide toward a further privatization of the family , as if the family were irrelevant for society , " he said .
many scholars deem part or all of williams 's work to be fabrication , and purportedly many of the documents are of his own fabrication , but a large portion of the work has indeed been collected from meso - pagan sources dating from as far back as 600 a.d. regardless , it has become impossible to separate the original source material from the fabricated work , and while bits and pieces of the " barddas " still turn up in some " neo - druidic " works , the documents are considered irrelevant by most serious scholars .
the majority felt that the the dna evidence was irrelevant : " evidence that the victim had sexual relations with someone other than [ criner ] simply is not evidence that [ he ] is innocent . "
an irrelevant promotional announcement of some kind is mixed in on occasion , much to letterman 's confusion .
robert griswold 's pamphlet on this subject expounds friends ' historic witness against creeds — not just as a principle of individual religious integrity , but as an implied statement that friends , having encountered and experienced god , found creeds not just pernicious , but irrelevant .
when the editor of the " architectural review " , j. m. richards , wrote in " the castles on the ground " ( 1946 ) that " for all the alleged deficiencies of suburban taste ... it holds for ninety out of a hundred englishmen an appeal which can not be explained away as some strange instance of mass aberration " , he was , in his own words , " scorned by my contemporaries as either an irrelevant eccentricity or a betrayal of the forward looking views of the modern movement " .
the development of mortars , high explosives , and the consequent large increase in the destructive power of explosive shells and thus plunging fire rendered the intricate geometry of such fortifications irrelevant .
the criterion , however , becomes moot and irrelevant in the case of megabiofabric produced in some biomantles – namely the cloddy and chunky surface - spoil heaps produced by small - to - large burrowing vertebrates ( rodents , badgers , aardvarks , elephants ) and by tree uprooting .
such rights include the right to summon witnesses , the right of cross - examination , the right not to incriminate oneself , the right not to be tried on secret evidence , the right to control one 's own defense , the right to exclude evidence that is improperly obtained , irrelevant or inherently inadmissible , " e.g. " , hearsay , the right to exclude judges or jurors on the grounds of partiality or conflict of interest , and the right of appeal .
finding himself increasingly irrelevant to npl affairs , he drifted from one failed project to another .
the report further claimed that libraries within the united kingdom could be unused and irrelevant by 2020 .
he pointed out the irrelevant verbiage and errors in that biography , and criticized the biographer 's occasionally displayed lack of comprehension of cause - and - effect in certain historical events .
many investors believed that cccc is the joint - venture company of the bank of china , the bank of communications and the china construction bank , but it is irrelevant to them since it is engaged in constructions industry , rather than bank industry .
behind the high boundary walls of this closed community , the 21st century is irrelevant .
this leads them to regard certain reported events as inauthentic or irrelevant .
the buddhist introduction is irrelevant to the main thrust of the work .
the actual objects and morphisms in " j " are largely irrelevant — only the way in which they are interrelated matters .
the lower branch of the hyperbola is irrelevant here ( image from wikimedia commons ) .
but they have become more & more irrelevant to the whole of my work ; those years exist in it only as a body of water , a lake in a far greater surrounding land mass .
yamamoto 's enormous superiority in gun power was irrelevant as the u.s. had air superiority at midway and could refuse a surface gunfight ( and , by remarkable good fortune , spruance moved to avoid , based on a faulty submarine report ) ; yamamoto 's flawed dispositions had made closing to engage after dark on june 4 impossible .
the court held that it was irrelevant whether carol publishing continued to distribute " the sat " after castle rock notified it of its infringement claim , because such distribution would have been justified if the book was a fair use of " seinfeld " .
as recently as 1965 vatican council ii affirmed , " the church is the new people of god , " without intending to make " israel according to the flesh " , the jewish people , irrelevant in terms of eschatology ( see " roman catholicism , below ) .
humanism was largely irrelevant since it was based around the discovery of pure roman law , and pure roman law was only appropriate for roman society .
other critics point out that animals do not have the ability to assess and maximize their potential gains , therefore the optimal foraging theory is irrelevant and derived to explain trends that do not exist in nature .
in the segment , kilborn would ask a sequence of five absurd questions that often had even more irrelevant answers .
the second lesson is that the presence of such human outposts in the murasaki system has been totally irrelevant to the pre - programmed local cycles of destruction and rebuilding .
also notable for polycratic states is their tendency to censure mass - media , either by law , or indirectly ( by having privately - owned ( by one of the groups ) media channels , ignoring important developments in social or political life , or masking them with an abundance of irrelevant information , like crimes , entertainment , sport , or celebrity hunting .
during this time parents wanted children who could read and write english and understand basic arithmetics , but hopkins continued to focus on subjects that parents deemed irrelevant , such as latin .
these results might seem irrelevant ( after all , none of the conditions is met in the real world ) , but the theorem is still taught and studied because it tells something very important .
" a " - " in a table cell means that the answer is irrelevant , unknown or in another way has no meaning , for example the sprite size of a system that does not support hardware sprites . "
after attaining the orb of ra , the preservatives that fill his body either are disposed of , or are now irrelevant .
it fails the condorcet criterion , independence of clones criterion , later - no - harm , participation , consistency , reversal symmetry , the condorcet loser criterion and the independence of irrelevant alternatives criterion .
in any case , whether or not the detainee was provided with a pow identification card in afghanistan is irrelevant to the narrow mandate of the csrt .
in the fifteenth century , the city was disputed between the king of france and the dukes of burgundy ( it is one of the " cities of the somme " ) . ravaged by the plague on several occasions , its population decreased , while its economy was in crisis : its fair was increasingly irrelevant , and agricultural production diminished .
the independence axiom states that two identical outcomes within a gamble should be treated as irrelevant to the analysis of the gamble as a whole .
it can also mean the unnecessary insertion of an ( often irrelevant ) cliché into a conversation , designed to make the speaker sound more authoritative .
in the ungraded situation described above , " r0 " is irrelevant , but in practice most spectral sequences occur in the category of doubly graded modules over a ring " r " ( or doubly graded sheaves of modules over a sheaf of rings ) .
in court he preferred to let counsel talk on for as long as they wanted to so that he could get a grasp of the situation without wading through irrelevant court papers ; to prevent them going on too long he sat quietly and allowed them to wind down at their own pace .
during the war however , it became clear that aircraft carriers were the new capital ships of naval warfare , and that britain 's former naval superiority in terms of battleships had become irrelevant .
he began co - producing irrelevant astronomy starting with the episodes released in april 2009 .
god , however irrelevant he may be to me , works in mysterious ways . "
during the court proceedings ( 7th day of the trial ) the defense asked the judge to call bryan as a witness to question him on the bible as their own experts have been rendered irrelevant ; darrow had planned the day before and called bryan a " bible expert " .
notice that this equation is valid ( as long as the right - hand side is defined ) because the natural logarithm ( ln ) is a continuous function ; it 's irrelevant how well - behaved " f " and " g " may ( or may not ) be as long as " f " is asymptotically positive .
he prefers to explore a quiet , expressive approach to the guitar over irrelevant technical flourishes and creates a distinctive set of musical moods maintaining an overriding meditative quality .
others observed that the name jesus is not mentioned and is irrelevant to the story .
kabila , by this point in rough control of 25% of the country , dismissed the coalition government as irrelevant and warned tshisekedi that he would have no part in a new government if he accepted the post .
the adjustments were based in the promise of a constant rise in the banks ' stock prices , irrelevant of the economic situation .
the court rejected another argument raised by the majority of the supreme court , that it is necessary in every case to consider whether the attempted exercise of power by a state actually inhibited or interfered with the workings of the federal government , instead deciding that any claimed power which has the potential for such interference will be invalid , and consideration of whether there was actual interference would be irrelevant .
however , the fact that radio signals bleed outside of buildings and across property lines makes physical security largely irrelevant to piggybackers .
additionally , the tax foundation argues that the exclusion of capital gains income is irrelevant in most years since including capital gains would only shift tax freedom day by 1 percent in either direction in most years .
whether or not ayrton was removed from the car while his heart was beating or whether his supply of blood had halted or was still flowing , is irrelevant to the determination of when he died .
for example , when waiting for buses and trains , reading or listening , or even being involved in strenuous physical exercise , it 's quite normal to become immersed in the activity and go into a trance state , removed from any other irrelevant stimuli .
since the nazi german invasion of france had made scandinavia largely irrelevant , and since the valuable troops assigned to narvik were badly needed elsewhere , the allies withdrew from narvik on 8 june 1940 in operation alphabet .
but the two often quarrel & fight ouer irrelevant issues .
this road probably fell into disuse after the destruction of kaskaskia in 1812 , and became more irrelevant after the state capital was moved to vandalia in 1820 .
for example a work table which is constantly emptied and refreshed should not be journal enabled as it places extra data in the journal system which is generally irrelevant to auditing and not required for database recovery .
members of political majorities succumb easily to smugness and complacency , to the conviction that explaining and justifying ideas is no longer necessary , to the temptation to dismiss critics as so many irrelevant cranks .
it is totally irrelevant to them whether or not the mass of humanity still handicapped by emotion shares this vision .
one problem with many tests is the duplication of questions , and the asking of irrelevant follow - on questions .
this would prove completely irrelevant , although marijuana can distort one 's sense of time and significantly impair the skills to concentrate and react quickly .
the supreme court ruled in hamdan v. rumsfeld that this was irrelevant , but it also ruled that the csrt was not legal without congressional authorization .
following the sack of rome by invading european goths , rome slid into the dark ages which afflicted most parts of western europe , and became increasingly isolated and irrelevant to the wider mediterranean church .
as a result , boolean keyword queries often return irrelevant results and miss information that is relevant .
programmes , such as the politically fuelled " give my head peace " ( produced by bbc northern ireland ) and the soap opera " river city " ( produced by bbc scotland ) , have been created specifically to cater for viewers in their respective nations , who may have found programmes created for english audiences irrelevant .
to a regular video player this data is irrelevant , and such player will ignore it .
language aptitude research is often criticized for being irrelevant to the problems of language learners , who must attempt to learn a language regardless of whether they are gifted for the task or not .
by looking at the postal code it can be determined in which district a given address is located ; 1xxa - 1 denotes vienna , xx the district number ( if it is a single digit then with a leading zero ) , a is the number of the post office ( irrelevant in this case , usually zero ) .
( the fourth prisoner is irrelevant to the puzzle : his only purpose is to wear the fourth hat ) .
the phrase becomes " mo lei tau " because it is repeated in irrelevant and inappropriate situations .
some of her intrusions and comments seem off - hand and irrelevant , drawing attention away from the chaotic turmoil of certain scenes for just a moment – even if they are not necessarily funny by nature .
brought by a group of israelis of sephardic descent who felt that the dramatised history of zionism unfairly minimised their communities ' contribution to the movement , the supreme court indicated that in this case fairness was " irrelevant " ; broadcast could not be censored , but " another aspect of the issue should be presented " .
he described his frustration to jill smolowe in time , " i ca n't believe how gridlocked the system is ... how irrelevant it is to things that are happening out in the country . "
some christian communists argue that the second coming will render all human politics irrelevant , and therefore their political goals including the creation of a communist society and the abolition of government only apply to the period of time left " before " the second coming .
the resolution also condemned south africa for its obstruction of the implementation of previous resolutions on namibia , and rejected its attempts to link irrelevant issues to the declination of independence of namibia .
it requires , first , ignoring those grammatical features which are irrelevant to logic ( such as gender and declension if the argument is in latin ) , replacing conjunctions which are not relevant to logic ( such as ' but ' ) with logical conjunctions like ' and ' and replacing ambiguous or alternative logical expressions ( ' any ' , ' every ' , etc . ) with expressions of a standard type ( such as ' all ' , or the universal quantifier ∀ ) .
pauline kael wrote a scathing review in " the new yorker " suggesting that " carpenter does n't seem to have had any life outside the movies : one can trace almost every idea on the screen to directors such as hitchcock and brian de palma and to the val lewton productions " and claiming that " maybe when a horror film is stripped of everything but dumb scariness — when it is n't ashamed to revive the stalest device of the genre ( the escaped lunatic ) — it satisfies part of the audience in a more basic , childish way than sophisticated horror pictures do . " the first glowing review by a prominent film critic came from tom allen of " the village voice " in november 1978 , allen noted that the film was sociologically irrelevant but applauded carpenter 's camera work as " duplicitous hype " and " the most honest way to make a good schlock film " .
wenger saw the issue of nationality as irrelevant and said , " when you represent a club , it 's about values and qualities , not about passports " , also implying that there was a racial aspect to what pardew had said .
note : please do not post anything irrelevant or any statement that is not true .
many libertarians think that the question is irrelevant to them ,
she is man - hungry , and constantly on the look - out for a relationship ; the few she does attempt , however , have been little short of disastrous for all concerned , and her personal ad reads " 30 something woman seeks man for sex and possible friendship , sense of humour irrelevant " .
the plaintiffs lost at the first trial in 1981 , then obtained a new trial on appeal in 1983 because of improper jury instructions and admission of irrelevant and prejudicial evidence ( " wilk v. american medical ass'n " , 7th cir . 1983 ) .
most of this effort was rendered irrelevant by the priorities of the incipient cold war policies at the end of the war .
during the summer after the nfl draft , the new mr. irrelevant and his family are invited to spend a week in newport , where they enjoy a golf tournament , a regatta , a roast giving advice to the new draftee , and a ceremony awarding him the lowsman trophy .
being a strict liability statute , the defendant 's taking reasonable care is irrelevant .
in 2000 , megna released " truth is irrelevant " , a 10 song satirical , alternative rock cd produced by genesis and phil collins’ guitarist , daryl stuermer .
it was still available , but became increasingly irrelevant as development shifted to the windows api .
the title is derived from an irrelevant tourist sticker from the famed u.s. resort on the family car that acts as a kind of wellesian " rosebud " motif .
1918 during the war the thiers wall proves to be ineffective in the defense of paris , as the range of german artillery such as the paris gun ( 120 km ) renders walls irrelevant .
the irrebuttable presumption of section 6 that individuals who are members of the specified organizations will , if given passports , engage in activities inimical to the security of the united states also rendered irrelevant the member 's degree of activity in the organization and his commitment to its purpose , citing " schware v. board of bar examiners " , 353 u.s. 246 .
this tree has been criticized by some linguists and anthropologists on several grounds : that it makes selective use of languages and populations ( omitting the numerous sino - tibetan speakers of northern china , for example ) ; that it assumes the truth of such linguistic groups as austric and amerind that are controversial ; and that several of the population groups listed are defined not by their genes but by their languages , making the correlation irrelevant to a comparison of genetic and linguistic branching and tautological as well .
in other words , even though the lists from previous trials are now irrelevant , the fact that they were studied at all is somehow making it harder for subjects
the weight of the final syllable is irrelevant .
journey 's end ' is almost a two fingers up at technobabble ; there 's certainly tons of it in the episode , but it 's largely irrelevant .
singh 's version of the partition is a social one , providing human accounts in a diverse , detailed character base where each person has unique points of view , pointing out that everyone is equally at fault and that placing blame was irrelevant .
currently the web is polluted with massive amounts of irrelevant data when searching for information of interest to consumers .
because zangara had intended to commit murder , it was irrelevant that his intended target was not the man he ultimately killed .
in 1991 , the tax was changed to no longer apply to women , and in 1992 , it was rendered irrelevant and inactive due to the collapse of the soviet union .
he asserted that the present division of the istrian peninsula , which was historically included in the austrian part of austro - hungarian empire ( which also included the territory of modern slovenia , but not the majority of modern croatian territory , which was rather included in the hungarian part ) , is legally unfounded and irrelevant .
sign is irrelevant and that a ought to be the case if a is the case .
in drawing the line at 18 years of age for actions with death eligibility , the supreme court considered that 18 is also where the law draws the line between minority and adulthood for a multitude of other purposes , overturning its holding in " stanford v. kentucky " that such a consideration was irrelevant .
thanks to two wins , and a fourth ( although the fourth was irrelevant due to best two scores ) , tandy won the shootout and was part of the shortlist .
arrow 's impossibility theorem shows that rank - voting systems are unable to satisfy the independence of irrelevant alternatives criterion without exhibiting other undesirable properties as a consequence .
specifically , according to one article , the scholars commission 's failings included : overreliance on derivative sources , biased assessment of data , distortion of evidence , deficient context , confounding the issue with irrelevant matters , and , most importantly , ignoring the weight of the body of evidence .
this is confirmed when the telegram directing the russian army to take pleven is mysteriously changed to an order to take nikopol , a strategically irrelevant town .
the theorem states that , in a perfect market , how a firm is financed is irrelevant to its value .
one randomized controlled trial has been reported in the peer - reviewed medical literature , which found no evidence that food - combining principles were effective in promoting weight loss , but this is almost irrelevant , as the food combing approach to eating does n't claim to be a weight loss diet , but a diet that strives for optimal absorption of food and minimal gastrointestinal symptoms .
using 0 - 60 mph as a yardstick for performance , the gross versus net distinction is irrelevant , and performance from ancillary advancements ( e.g. tires , transmissions ) is accounted for .
prosody is more interesting to schools of discourse and functional linguistics , which are concerned with the effect of live interaction in speech production and processing , than to schools of generative linguistics , which may dismiss prosodic contours as details of performance and thus irrelevant to the study of language .
feature detection is a process by which the nervous system sorts or filters complex natural stimuli in order to extract behaviorally relevant cues that have a high probability of being associated with important objects or organisms in their environment , as opposed to irrelevant background or noise .
the deputy district attorney opposed asking her to perform , considering it irrelevant to the case .
to start with , euler pointed out that the choice of route inside each landmass is irrelevant .
anti - prostitution feminists argue that when a society accepts prostitution , it sends the message that it is irrelevant how the woman feels during sex or what the consequences of sex will be for her , and that it is acceptable for a man to engage in sexual activity with a woman who does not enjoy it and who is mentally and emotionally forcing herself in order to be able to cope ; the normalization of such one sided sexual encounters might negatively affect the way men relate to women in general and might increase sexual violence against women .
unfortunately , " the two officers write , " these skills are irrelevant in cyber warfare . "
classic positivism demands rigorous tests for legal validity and it deems irrelevant all extralegal arguments .
nonlinear effects become irrelevant at high frequencies or short wavelengths , where the vibrations are propagated in a practically " isothermal " way ; i.e. , no energy exchange with vibrations of still higher frequency .
so , although a material conditional from a contradiction is always true , in natural language , " if " there are three hydrogen atoms in h2o " then " the government will lose the next election " is interpreted as false by most speakers , since assertions from chemistry are considered irrelevant conditions for proposing political consequences .
he provides mac with advice between rounds during fights ( although sometimes , he will just talk about irrelevant things ) .
the court rejected this argument on the ground that it is irrelevant how a term is used outside the united states : " the parties agree that the term is generic in britain .
the three - part story was slated to be published in " amazing spider - man " # 96 - 98 , but the comics code authority refused it because it depicted drug use ; the story context was considered irrelevant .
he argued that these errors in linguistic performance were irrelevant to the study of linguistic competence ( the knowledge that allows people to construct and understand grammatical sentences ) .
most references describe the costs that do n't change as irrelevant ,
overall data reduction techniques can also mean that in addition to generalizing elements of particular features , features can also be combined when their separation is irrelevant to the map focus .
facile’ ( gelsthorpe 1997 ) such as those of bottomley & pease ( 1986 ) , or walker ( 1987 ) who suggest that feminist thinking is irrelevant to criminology .
an object has infinite aspects to it , but when we describe an object in practice , we speak of only relevant aspects and ignore irrelevant ones .
but the words " knowing , intelligent , and voluntary " mean only that the suspect reasonably appears to understand what they are doing , and is not being coerced into signing the waiver ; the court ruled in " colorado v. connelly " , that it is irrelevant whether the suspect may actually have been insane at the time .
the large scale vegetation zones are in some cases irrelevant to the micro - environments of " pachypodium " , in the sense that the xeric niches may be embedded in larger mesic biomes .
during the war however , it became clear that aircraft carriers were the new capital ship of naval warfare , and that britain 's former naval superiority in terms of battleships had become irrelevant .
however , because of the length of copyright enforcement in most countries , it is likely that by the time a piece of software defaults to public domain , it will have long become obsolete , irrelevant , or incompatible with any existing hardware .
vera ’s intentions , however , are irrelevant in a court of law .
the theory aims to explain the diversity and relative abundance of species in ecological communities , although like other neutral theories of ecology , hubbell 's theory assumes that the differences between members of an ecological community of trophically similar species are " neutral , " or irrelevant to their success .
at one point during the hearing cohen objected to an irrelevant question and stated " i do n't know where we are going with this , i feel like i am in the x - files . "
he was percipient about new media and the imminent upheavals the internet would bring and made sure that the bbc had a head start ” , but he also had “ a leadership bypass , an inability to charm and persuade ” and his faith in out of date management theories about structure led to “ just more irrelevant bureaucratic supervision from senior management …
many of these people see biko 's philosophy as irrelevant after 1994 .
during this period the two teams are irrelevant , i.e. townsmen ' deal ' the ball to countrymen and vice versa .
the mercenaries are of one mind after the captain kills a dissenting member of his band , and religious and ethnic divisions are irrelevant .
if evidence of authenticity is lacking in a bench trial , the trial judge will simply dismiss the evidence as unpersuasive or irrelevant .
modern liberals claim that formal or official guarantees of individual rights are irrelevant when individuals lack the material means to benefit from those rights , urging a greater role for government in the administration of economic affairs .
in a negative appraisal of the exhibition jerry saltz wrote , " a quarter century ago , art & language forged an important link in the genealogy of conceptual art , but subsequent efforts have been so self - engrandizing and arcane that their work is now virtually irrelevant . "
after a period of time talking with professional wildlife managers and hunt supporters , he concluded that : " i find it repugnant that some people will kill another living creature for recreational purposes " but said that the dogs easily outpace the fox within a minute or two and kill it within a second or two and that how the fox is located is " totally irrelevant " to animal welfare considerations .
another feature is that the process of nucleosynthesis is determined by conditions at the start of this phase of the life of the universe , making what happens before irrelevant .
riva interrupts data stating that the aliens ' situation is irrelevant to the negotiation , that the reports will state the conflict is over land , wealth or some other tangible asset , but that really is n't the true reason .
wikipedia 's policies state that it does not censor content " that some readers consider objectionable or offensive , even exceedingly so , " and as such only remove inappropriate content that is irrelevant , clearly vandalism , or illegal under the laws of the u.s. state of florida , where the site 's servers are located .
however , the resolution of a camera can be much higher than the human visual system , and the optics much better , rendering photographic evidence irrelevant to the issue of whether it is visible to the naked eye .
" increasing numbers of critics view education in the liberal arts as irrelevant " or " learning more and more about less and less " which no longer prepares the students for the american job market in the face of increased competition due to more graduates .
gamestm described stormrise as having " cumbersome controls and an ornery camera make any intriguing ideas irrelevant . "
in the episode " all about mormons " the show implies that mormonism is a complete hoax made up by joseph smith jr. , while at the same time saying that this is irrelevant if mormons are happier for following that faith .
in the event , detroit surrendered to general brock after a siege of only a few hours , so the absence of the extra food supplies was irrelevant .
the homotopy extension property of formula_26 is obtained by taking formula_11 to be a constant map , so that " π " is irrelevant in that every maps to " e " is trivially the lift of a constant map to the image point of " π " ) .
