the toapin weir , northwest of the town , was constructed in 1912 to collect rainwater runoff and irrigate the nearby farms .
there are 742,000 hectares ( 1,833,521 acres ) of land suitable for irrigation in león - chinandega plain ; however , a proposed plan to irrigate this land would appropriate yet more water from lake colcibolca and further reduce its ability to supply enough water for navigation and existing irrigation projects in the surrounding region .
through the act , individuals may apply for a desert - land entry to reclaim , irrigate , and cultivate arid and semiarid public lands .
in the past , improperly drilled wells have reduced or destroyed any good they might have served by leaching the lands they were drilled to irrigate .
there are still concerns and lack for government funds to irrigate koksara , golamunda and bhawanipatan blocks in kalahandi through this projects as every year lots of water is released from the dam through hati river without using for irrigation .
in 1899 , the spokane valley land and water co. , later owned by long - time irrigation advocate d.c. corbin , built a canal to irrigate land in the greenacres area with water from liberty lake .
a reduction in runoff will affect the ability to irrigate crops and will reduce summer stream flows necessary to keep dams and reservoirs replenished .
his control over the demons , spirits , and animals augmented his splendor , the demons bringing him precious stones , besides water from distant countries to irrigate his exotic plants .
in 1895 lowell published a book titled " mars " which speculated about an arid , dying landscape , whose inhabitants had been forced to build canals thousands of miles long to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land .
did you irrigate ? or plant a seed ?
men and oxen were used to irrigate the lands from well water .
the river has a wide network of canals and waterways which irrigate numerous rice fields and support the villages around the district which primarily thrive on cultivating rice .
lasithi plateau is famous for its white - sailed windmills that have been used for decades to irrigate the land .
adelaide city council uses water from the lower river to irrigate the city 's surrounding parklands .
from there the water was used to irrigate fields .
because of the problems associated with water - logged and wet soils , it is important for viticulturist to know how much water is currently in the soil before deciding if and how much to irrigate .
ajmer is almost totally devoid of rivers , the banas being the only stream which can be dignified with that name , and it only touches the south - eastern boundary of the district so as to irrigate the pargana of samur .
at the point where this river leaves the baba budan hills it is embanked to form two extensive tanks which irrigate the lower valley .
the country is actively developing its irrigation potential that ultimately will irrigate more than 2.5 million acres ( 1 million hectares ) .
the barrage is a landmark for the local residents and it is to irrigate the bhabhar fields .
nabi salah contains several freshwater springs that are used to irrigate the island 's extensive date palm groves .
burroughs vision of mars was loosely inspired by astronomical speculation of the time , especially that of percival lowell , who saw the planet as a formerly earthlike world now becoming less hospitable to life due to its advanced age , whose inhabitants had built canals to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land .
the two principal ranges , the pamir mountains and the alay mountains , give rise to many glacier - fed streams and rivers , which have been used to irrigate farmlands since ancient times .
during the 1963 a major tube bore well was injected to irrigate barren lands .
beginning in july 1918 , several prominent ephrata residents started the promotion of a plan to redirect waters of the columbia river in order to irrigate the dry but fertile soils of the big bend country .
they began digging and blasting to build a new canal that would irrigate farmland and provide water .
the park is named after ruffey creek , a watercourse that runs through the park which was dammed to irrigate the surrounding orchards , forming ruffey lake .
accepting the proposal of er kuan ( 兒寬 ) , in 111 bce emperor wu commissioned er to lead the project of creating extensions to the zhengguo canal that could irrigate nearby terrain elevated above the main canal .
he made every effort to help the people by providing canals to irrigate the fields .
dug from it to irrigate the thovala areas .
the village is watered by 11 springs used to irrigate hundreds of small farm plots using a system of canals and dams .
in hawaii , there are numerous flow control structures that have been built to irrigate the pineapple and sugar cane fields .
the karkheh dam is designed to irrigate 320,000 hectares of land , produce 400 mw of hydro - electricity and prevent downstream floods .
chief of these is the nakambala sugar estate , which draws in excess of 720,000 m³ per day to irrigate 134.13 square kilometres of land to grow sugar cane .
edta is also used in root canal treatment as a way to irrigate the canal .
they soon built the first canal to irrigate land ( hatice ) , the palmar , the figs , uc and monserrate .
4 . quantity of water reserved is the amount sufficient to irrigate all irrigable land on the reservation
the water used to irrigate the gardens was obtained from the springs beyond the mountains to the east of texcoco .
in its lower course , its waters are widely used to irrigate the oases of kandahar , and its flow is greatly reduced .
the garden was named after a verse by pan yue 's " idler 's prose " , " i enjoy a carefree life by planting trees and building my own house ... i irrigate my garden and grow vegtables for me to eat ... such a life suits a retired official like me well . "
part of the river 's water is diverted to irrigate the uncompahgre valley via the 5 mi ( 8 km ) long gunnison tunnel , which was built between 1905 and 1909 .
these 11 projects will have a storage capacity of 12.79 maf and would generate over 3362 mw power and irrigate 1.4 million hectares of land .
when the war ended , the project returned to its original mission , to irrigate the desert .
another underground canal also runs through the heart of the town from periya eri to chinna eri ( smaller lake ) , to irrigate the fields located to the south of thuraiyur .
in september 1953 , israel unilaterally started a water diversion project within the jordan river basin to divert water from the jordan river at jacob 's ford ( b'not yacov ) to help irrigate the coastal sharon plain and eventually the negev desert .
they irrigate all plants and trees in their own garden .
once befriended , " kappa " have been known to perform any number of tasks for human beings , such as helping farmers irrigate their land .
they were planted with onions , lettuce , tomatoes and spring wheat and somebody had laid a few water pipes to irrigate fields a bit farther away from the riverbank .
to the west , the étang de terre rosse is a lake and reservoir used to irrigate the plain .
this proposal was popularized in discover magazine , featuring solar - powered desalination equipment used to irrigate the desert in which the system was based .
farmers pump water from the " mesqas " to irrigate fields ( lift : about 0.5 - 1.5 m ) .
the multi - purpose project will irrigate more than 18,000 square kilometres , most of it in drought prone areas like kutch and saurashtra .
after the mir agreed , khawaja ahmed mobilised the people of the area to construct a water - channel to irrigate the land .
this water was also used to irrigate fields in the villages of san bartolomé , santa maria nativitas and santa cruz .
its waters , augmented by the girou which flows into its right bank , irrigate the market gardens around toulouse .
egat promised that the dam 's waters would be used to irrigate local fields , but in fact the dam flooded ancient salt banks which not only made the water unusable but made many nearby fields infertile as well .
it is a sugarcane growing area with underground water supplies to irrigate crops .
rutenga is an irrigation enclave that uses water from manyuchi dam to irrigate sugar estates .
the dam acts to control floodwater and to irrigate lands newly reclaimed from the korea gulf .
the act offered of land to an adult married couple who would pay $ 1.25 an acre and promise to irrigate the land within 3 years .
deciding to make the best of a bad situation the farmers began using water from the creek to irrigate their properties , however local and state authorities responded by serving them with levies for water use .
in the early 1970s , the first section of a major irrigation project was completed to divert water from the amu darya river in turkmenistan eastward into uzbekistan in order to irrigate the land surrounding karshi .
however , the river ’s flow through this area is controlled by a system of weirs and canal that provide water to irrigate the pasture lands that have replaced the marsh .
they prospected for mineral deposits , and diverted kolob water to irrigate crops in the valley below .
the main canal which is sadqia canal irrigate almost all the tehsils except chishtian .
between the beginning of bahr yussef at el - lahun to its end at the city of faiyum , several canals branch off to irrigate the faiyum governorate .
in the 1960s , simple dew condensers made from sheets of polyethylene were used in israel to irrigate plants , and in 1986 in new mexico condensers made of a special foil produced sufficient water to supply young saplings .
lewiston lake and dam are part of the central valley project , which harnesses the waters from the sacramento river and san joaquin river watersheds to irrigate the central valley , and provide hydroelectricity .
the project is aimed to irrigate in the madugula and ravikamatham mandals in visakhapatnam district .
in the 19th century the canal del esla was built to irrigate the vega de toral .
september 1953 israel advanced plans to divert water to help irrigate the coastal sharon plain and eventually the negev desert by launching a diversion project on a nine - mile channel midway between the huleh marshes and lake galilee ( lake tiberias ) in the central dmz to be rapidly constructed .
the proposed maridugao river irrigation project , is projected to irrigate 6,000 hectares of ricefields covering the barangays of baroy , poblacion , sibonga , kibogtok , salvacion , malinao , husayan and portion of pay - as .
most of the villages within kalumpang are close by to the river , in order to irrigate the rice fields .
there is currently a high demand for water to irrigate the mackenzie basin , with 126 resource consents from 36 applicants before environment canterbury as of mid 2009 .
these rivers irrigate the farmlands in babol , babolsar and qaemŝahr .
until recently the river was diverted at this point to irrigate watercress beds before flowing into the rib .
again in australia , the recent increase in the number of cases between 1991 and 1994 in victoria was associated with the use of recycled wastewater to irrigate a golf course .
the project is located near saripalli village , nellimarla mandal , vizianagaram district to irrigate a total ayacut of 5,153 acres .
each wet season , the run - off is stored for later release via water turbines to generate power and irrigate crops .
irrigation water is transported 14 kilometers through the " dangara irrigation tunnel " and is used to irrigate about of farmland .
an extensive system of dikes and canals has been built to contain the red river and to irrigate the rich rice - growing delta .
indiana pouch surgery also has been successful in patients of advanced ages , also as long as the are able to empty and irrigate the pouch on a schedule .
the latter is also used to irrigate a small , cultivated valley .
with his wife , calloway improved his acreage ; he was the first to irrigate from boxelder creek .
the dam also supplies water to irrigate agricultural properties in the area .
the proposal to irrigate this area was repeatedly brought up for discussion in 1919 , 1921 , 1924 , 1925 , 1936 and in 1949 .
trinity lake and dam are part of the central valley project , which harnesses the waters from the sacramento river and san joaquin river watersheds to irrigate the central valley .
revised divert and irrigate proposal .
the head of pressure generated by the height of the tanks ( 9.5 m ) was sufficient to supply the fountains and irrigate the gardens .
as a result , farming became the primary industry for the next 20 years as farmers used the wells to irrigate their crops .
syria plans to irrigate 25,000 ha in the northeast by pumping water from the tigris .
to irrigate the gardens , a canal named " shah nahar " meaning " royal canal " , later also known as " hansti nahar " , meaning " laughing canal " was brought from " rajpot " ( present day madhpur in india ) , a distance of over 161 kilometers .
however , so far what had been able to be excavated is the water irrigation canals that were built by assyrian king sennacherib ( 705- 681 bc ) to irrigate the land around tel keppe .
developers acquired several thousand acres of land adjacent to the springs , and the san felipe creek formed by the springs , from the state of texas in exchange for building a canal system to irrigate the area .
to irrigate the orchard , lehman built a ditch from lehman creek to the orchard , where it encircles the orchard .
this culture had a high understanding of hydraulic engineering as manifested by their canal system which allowed them to use rivers to irrigate their land .
after passing the sikh pilgrimage town of paonta sahib , it reaches tajewala in yamuna nagar district , of haryana , where a dam built in 1873 , is the originating place of two important canals , the western yamuna canal and eastern yamuna canal , which irrigate the states of haryana and uttar pradesh .
towns on the bremer river itself include harrogate , callington and langhorne creek , where the floodwaters are used to irrigate the local vineyards .
it was a device widely used for raising water to irrigate fields and dewater mines .
the city had some of the most complex irrigation systems of the ancient world , situated in the dry zone of the country the administration built many tanks to irrigate the land .
water from the orkhon river serves to irrigate the crops on the large plain east of the town .
nearly 500 residents of an agricultural community in the mountains of northern new mexico face a crisis almost without a stir , until a young , unemployed handy man with a family of four begins to irrigate his father 's parched bean field .
wells access the groundwater to irrigate about 275,000 acres of fruits and vegetables and to supply the valley cities .
a natural pond was located in the heart of the settlement , water from which was used to irrigate a small greenhouse farm .
in 1904 , cody helped to form the shoshone project , the nations first federal water development project to help irrigate the western portion of the basin .
' the applicants propose to irrigate 60,000 hectares of land between the rakaia and waimakariri rivers from the malvern foothills to state highway one .
el mocúzarit ” , whose waters irrigate 80,000 acres ( 320 km² ) .
there was a very famous player and later coach named ignacio trelles , who ordered to irrigate the field one hour before the soccer match , leading to a very strong vaporization and an increase of the temperature to near 40 celsius ( more or less 100 fahrenheit ) , that was very hard for the visitor squads .
the people then dig a ditch by hand almost two miles long to divert water from a creek to irrigate the crops .
this would have been used to irrigate the land , and supply water for the farmers and their animals .
water from the river is used to irrigate of highly productive farmland on the east side of the central valley where 200 kinds of produce are raised from oranges to cotton .
the purpose was to divert the waters of the periyar river to the east in order to irrigate the arid lands to the east of the western ghats .
winters rights then stated that the amount of water which would be reserved for the use of an american indian tribe would be equal to the amount of water that would sufficiently irrigate all of the irrigable acreage within the reservation .
french colonial authorities constructed the dam between 1934 and 1945 to irrigate the surrounding farmland , permitting the cultivation of rice and sugarcane ; it was inaugurated in 1937 .
in 1945 the beginning of the columbia basin project would bring irrigation water from grand coulee dam to irrigate over 530,000 acres of arid but fertile soil .
this private scheme involved the construction of around 320 kilometres of channels to irrigate about 162 square kilometres of land .
in the delta around ayr and home hill , groundwater is used extensively to irrigate crops of sugar cane , which produce the highest quality sugar from anywhere in australia .
september 1953 israel advances plans to divert water to help irrigate the coastal sharon plain and eventually the negev desert and launches a diversion project on a nine - mile ( 14 km ) channel midway between the huleh marshes and lake galilee ( lake tiberias ) in the central dmz to be rapidly constructed .
the intention of the basin was to irrigate the surrounding gardens and orchards using a sophisticated system of underground channels called a " qanat " .
not two but three rivers pass through imus and irrigate its lands .
large amounts of fresh water are used required to irrigate the crops , together with sargassum seaweed ( gathered from the nearby atlantic ocean during the summer ) for fertilisation .
the study says that a single karez has the potential to provide enough household water for nearly 9,000 individuals and irrigate over 200 hectares of farmland .
finally , water can be conserved by not allowing fresh water to be used to irrigate luxuries such as golf courses .
in the spring , after the rainy season and melting season , the river floods , and the farmers pump the river dry to irrigate their farm beds .
for example , if alfalfa is grown , using flood irrigation , the amount of the return flow may not be transferred , only the amount that would be necessary to irrigate the amount of alfalfa historically grown .
in addition , the abundance of water was a defensive part and later helped irrigate the gardens of the various owners .
the bradfield scheme is an inland irrigation project designed to irrigate and drought - proof much of the queensland interior , as well as large areas of south australia .
one at haridwar diverts much of the himalayan snow - melt into the upper ganges canal , built by the british in 1854 to irrigate the surrounding land .
historically , agricultural societies have constructed aqueducts to irrigate crops .
government - led deep - seated machines have been installed to fetch up water to cater to the needs of the inhabitants yet they are adding to miseries of the people as they are unable to irrigate their lands with ample amount of water .
a constructed wetland captures " waste " nutrients , and filters waste water before being used to irrigate landscaping .
this changed when settlers started draining lands for farming and constructing canals , most dug by hand by hired chinese laborers , to irrigate and drain these lands .
they irrigate their valley into a lush agricultural garden ; all the land is owned by the state .
it tells the story of a tobacco farmer , who selfishly dams a river to irrigate his own property and ruin his competitors .
and its tributaries irrigate the district .
the project when completed is expected to irrigate nearly 20 lakh acres .
due to the altitude of the land in many places it is not possible to irrigate it from the river .
because water seeps through the walls of an unglazed olla , these vessels can be used to irrigate plants .
the countryside surrounding paralimni has rich red soil and is famous for its picturesque windmills - used to draw water from underground aquifers to irrigate the surrounding land .
they would use canals ( which they often had to repair and re - dig ) to irrigate during the dry season .
this airborne moisture condenses in the spines and leaves of the vegetation , droplets that fall to the ground and irrigate the plants ' roots .
the aral sea began shrinking in the 1960s , when the soviet union decided that the two rivers feeding it , the amu darya and the syr darya , would be diverted to irrigate cotton and food crops in kazakhstan and uzbekistan .
in 1988 it released toxic wastewater into nearby rivers used to irrigate land in the plovdiv - pazardzhik plain , which includes some of bulgaria 's best agricultural land .
in the latter period , the government prepared plans to irrigate an additional 60,000 hectares , and by 1984 studies were under way on 6 major irrigation projects , all designed to be carried out as part of the 1982 - 91 reconstruction plan .
originally part of san diego county , the imperial valley was settled by farmers once water from the colorado river was diverted via canals to irrigate the desert valley floor .
the supreme court ruled that the tribes were entitled to enough water to irrigate all the “
instead they are based on the observation that when farmers lack control of the timing and quantities of water supply , they irrigate too soon and apply too much water .
officials in the ministry of water resources ( and its predecessors ) have periodically proposed diverting water from the yangtze river to irrigate the north china plain .
at this time it no longer reaches the sea , as its water is withdrawn upstream to irrigate cotton fields in tajikistan , uzbekistan , and southern kazakhstan .
it runs through it , tumbles in a series of turquoise pools to irrigate fields and leaves the fort from its most used ' sann gate ' on the eastern side .
the reservoir behind the dam will irrigate another 406,000 ha by pumping for a total of 882,000 ha .
the place turned out to be a poor choice as the land was difficult to irrigate , and after a brief two years it was moved to santa rosa , now melchor muzquiz , coahuila .
once perfected , approximately 50 of the systems were erected and used to irrigate seedlings on the hillside in an attempt at reforestation .
groundwater is also used by farms to irrigate crops and by industries to produce everyday goods .
the water would be used to irrigate an area of 27,125 hectares , but the schemes are opposed by many locals and the department of conservation for the potential ecological effects , and since it may clash with a proposed mackenzie basin drylands park .
from there the amount of water is that of a large river and this water by means of seven irrigation trenches is used to irrigate the land north - east of the city of antalya .
from prehistoric times , egyptians probably used " the power of the nile " annual floods to irrigate their lands , gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely - built irrigation channels and ' catch ' basins .
ultimately though , the purpose of this enormous project of engineering was to irrigate a large agricultural region of henei ( in the left lower huang he basin ) by providing it with a natural contour canal .
the archimedes screw described in roman times by vitruvius may have been an improvement on a screw pump that was used to irrigate the hanging gardens of babylon .
some recreational blue roofs integrate rooftop waterplay areas that can also be used to irrigate a green roof , or to cool the roof of a building on hot days , in order to eliminate or at least reduce the hvac load placed on mechanical refrigeration equipment .
in the kern 's lower course downstream from bakersfield the river is highly diverted through a series of canals to irrigate the farms of the southern san joaquin valley and provide municipal water supplies to the city of bakersfield and surrounding areas .
these channels are used to irrigate 10,000 square kilometres of area in the steppes of mil , mugan and sirvan .
in favourable years the howdans store sufficient water to irrigate the fields during one season .
whenever possible gray waste water should be used to irrigate trees or lawns .
wastewater from the wadi hassan treatment plant is being reused to irrigate green spaces on the campus of the university of irbid , and for commercial fruit plantations .
in the san rafael cordillera flow the rivers tebicuary and pirapó , which irrigate the agricultural areas .
this water was also used to irrigate fields in the villages of san bartolomé , santa maria nativitas and santa cruz .
prior to that , local settlers had dug a canal from the little bear river to the town of hyrum to irrigate their crops .
rice canal ( seasonal ) and dadu canal ( perennial ) pass through the district and irrigate the agricultural fields .
canals were dug to irrigate fields as well as provide drinking water for the people .
to irrigate , a catheter is placed inside the stoma , and flushed with water , which allows the feces to come out of the body into an irrigation sleeve .
this water is filtered through sand and charcoal and used to irrigate the food gardens .
it serves to drain the balcones escarpment of the texas hill country and irrigate the farms contained therein .
the water is used to irrigate 125 acres of avocado trees .
an able administrator with a penchant for gardens , he founded the brindavan gardens ( krishnaraja sagar ) , the mysore medical college and the kaveri high level canal to irrigate in modern mandya district .
many barrages and canals were built to irrigate farm land in sindh , which improved the livelihood of rural sindhis .
the canal 's waters are used to irrigate the parched but fertile imperial valley , where several years can pass between measurable rainfalls .
burroughs vision of mars was loosely inspired by astronomical speculation of the time , especially that of percival lowell , who saw the planet as a formerly earthlike world now becoming less hospitable to life due to its advanced age , whose inhabitants had built canals to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land .
it is within the burdekin shire , which produces the most sugar cane per square kilometre in australia utilising underground water supplies and water from the burdekin dam to irrigate crops when rains fail .
in 1912 he organized a syndicate in hale county , texas near plainview for drilling irrigation wells to irrigate about 60,000 acres ( 243 km² ) .
examples of the unique springs and their uses are " magnesium spring , " used for stomach ailments , the " iron spring , " which was prescribed for iron deficiencies and healthy bones , the " black spring " which was used primarily to irrigate the golf course ; and the " sweet spring " the waters of which were the most palatable .
the pmp also envisages a re - regulating dam for which two alternatives at poornagiri ( 1020 mw ) and rupaligad ( 500 mw ) have been considered , to hold the waters passing through the turbines and provide regulated back season release to irrigate designated commands in nepal and india .
much of that water eventually flows into reservoirs where it is used for recreation before its potential energy is captured to generate hydroelectric power before being used to irrigate crops .
the soil is not suitable for farming of any kind due to the soil composition and inability to irrigate the area due to the major decrease in elevation from avenue a to the yuma canal .
the most expensive of the projects are the lift irrigation projects intended to irrigate the dry telangana region and supply water to the anantapur - ongole - mehaboobnagar area which is " turning into a desert " .
the city of " brahmapuri " is said to be enclosed by a river , known as " akash ganga " . " akash ganga " is said to issue forth from the foot of lord vishnu and after washing the lunar region falls " through the skies " and after encircling the brahmapuri " splits up into four mighty streams " , which are said to flow in four opposite directions from the landscape of mount meru and irrigate the vast lands of jambudvipa .
burroughs vision of mars was loosely inspired by astronomical speculation of the time , especially that of percival lowell , who saw the planet as a formerly earthlike world now becoming less hospitable to life due to its advanced age , whose inhabitants had built canals to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land .
the city also had some of the most complex irrigation systems of the ancient world , situated in the dry zone of the country the administration built many tanks to irrigate the land .
this water was then used to irrigate the rice fields .
it is a multipurpose project , which will produce 13 megawatts hydro generation , irrigate 15,000 acres of land and also provide 13 cusecis drinking water daily to skardu city .
this airborne moisture condenses in the spines and leaves of the vegetation , droplets that fall to the ground and irrigate the plants ' roots .
in this patent , pedrick describes in extremely long detail , with pages of mathematical equations , how snow and ice could be passed along pipelines from the antarctic to irrigate the dry australian outback , creating a " granary of the east " that could feed the burgeoning population of the world .
the resulting byproducts of water and fertilizer can both be used to irrigate nearby cropland .
in 2009 a large reuse project was planned in agadir to irrigate a golf course and municipal gardens with 50,000 cubic meters / day .
in her autobiography , she wrote : " like them , we had shaken off foreign rule ; like them , we had to learn for ourselves how to reclaim the land , how to increase the yields of our crops , how to irrigate , how to raise poultry , how to live together , and how to defend ourselves . "
in afghanistan , savage worked on several dams that helped irrigate desert areas .
in spite of its unpredictable character , the river helps to irrigate considerable areas in palladam taluk of coimbatore district and kangeyam taluk of erode district .
the dam diverts about of water per second to irrigate of valley and mesa lands on the west side of the colorado river in california .
he also excavated a canal from the river sutlej to irrigate gardens around the town .
some vineyard still choose to irrigate using underground water sources .
aqueducts and other channeling systems were built to take water from the orontes river and use it to irrigate nearby fields .
syrian americans are also numerous in southern california ( i.e. the los angeles and san diego areas ) and arizona , many are descendants of farm laborers invited with their farm skills to irrigate the deserts in the early 20th century ..
currently the truckee - carson irrigation district supervises the diversion of approximately one - third of the river flow at the derby dam to the lahontan valley to irrigate alfalfa and pastures .
mountain streams feed into the yongding and juma rivers , which flow through the western hills to irrigate the plains of beijing .
as the yamuna enters the northern plains near dak pathar at a height of 790 meters , two canals namely , the eastern and western yamuna canals commence from the assan barrage about 11 kilometers from dak pathar in doon valley , the canals irrigate vast tracts of lands in the region , then once its passes delhi , it feeds the agra canal built in in 1874 , which starts from okhla barrage beyond the nizamuddin bridge , and the high land between the khari - nadi and the yamuna and before joining the banganga river about below agra .
future plans will allow the dam to irrigate 310 km2 of farmland in south lebanon and another 80 km2 in the beqaa valley .
built both to generate electricity and to irrigate the plains in the region , it is later renamed after mustafa kemal atatürk ( 1881 - 1938 ) , the founder of the turkish republic , to honor him with its very large scale .
burroughs vision of mars was loosely inspired by astronomical speculation of the time , especially that of percival lowell , who saw the planet as a formerly earthlike world now becoming less hospitable to life due to its advanced age , whose inhabitants had built canals to bring water from the polar caps to irrigate the remaining arable land .
however , modern environmental regulation ended this practice , and the contaminated water is now cleaned at water treatment plants and used to irrigate farms in the valley to the west .
he was a member of the san fernando syndicate , a group of investors who bought land in the san fernando valley based on inside knowledge that the los angeles aqueduct would soon irrigate it .
the main purpose of the topolnitsa dam is to irrigate agricultural lands in the upper thracian plain .
some mexican farmers have protested this lining project because the seepage from the canal allows them to irrigate their farms with groundwater , however their claims were dismissed by a u.s. court .
along with toshka , sharq al - owainat forms part of the larger new valley project which consists of building a system of canals to transport water from lake nasser to irrigate the western desert of egypt .
the dam is used to regulate the flow of the tunuyán river , which comes from glacial sources in the andes , and to irrigate the otherwise arid region .
in 1897 and 1899 cody and his associates acquired from the state of wyoming the right to take water from the shoshone river to irrigate about of land in the big horn basin .
the dam was constructed for hydroelectric power ( hep ) and to irrigate the lower çukurova plain .
african subsistence farmers traditionally did not irrigate , but relied on rainfall to water crops and planted multiple staple crops each season ; some did well under dryer conditions , others under wetter .
there is a small dam in khai near bhaun to irrigate agricultural land of bhaun , thoa , khai .
more water is diverted from don pedro lake to irrigate farmland in the central valley , which leaves the lower course of the river almost dry .
in contrast to vallejo and most others , haraszthy planted his vines on dry slopes and did not irrigate them .
with only 6 to of annual rainfall , area growers must irrigate , which allows them to control vine vigor and ease vines into dormancy before winter .
the water from the draa is used to irrigate palm groves and small horticulture along the river .
it has a dual function , to provide electricity and to irrigate some 650,000 acres ( 1800 km² ) of an otherwise arid land .
when father eusebio francisco kino visited in 1699 , the older site along fertile banks of the gila river had been abandoned by another early tribe called the opas , who instead used the river to irrigate their crops at a nearby rancheria .
three currents of water start from the well and irrigate the land of " barg o zār " ( meaning ' leaves and flowers ' , pronounced in colloquial as balguzār ) around the town .
the original plan was for dam water to irrigate rice crop for export to china .
the waters of the eurotas are used to irrigate mainly citrus crops , for which laconia is famous .
in order to irrigate this area , there are many artificial pools located around the plateau .
following the recommendations made by sven hedin to the chinese government in 1935 , the routes he selected were used to construct streets and train tracks , as well as dams and canals to irrigate new farms being established in the tarim and yanji basins and the deposits of iron , manganese , oil , coal and gold discovered by the sino - swedish expedition were opened up for mining .
the ethiopian ministry of water resources began construction of a dam on the germama in 2005 , which would help irrigate areas along both sides of the river , and in the dofen and kebena mountains .
there , before it can flow on to san francisco bay and the pacific ocean , the water is intercepted by a diversion channel and transported to the delta - mendota canal , which conveys water southwards through the san joaquin valley , supplying water to san luis reservoir ( a swp - shared facility ) and the san joaquin river at mendota pool in the process , eventually reaching canals that irrigate farms in the valley .
the farmers in nijrab irrigate the melted snow to water their fields .
1 . a native american allotee is entitled to the share of the reservation 's water that is needed to irrigate their land .
water from the river is diverted into a system of canals to irrigate grazing land in the surrounding valley .
further development of the community resumed in the 1950s as numerous water wells were drilled in the area to irrigate nearby cotton farms .
the people worked the land , dammed the river in order to irrigate their fields and opened roads for communication , making el cerrito the first nucleus of spiritual and political importance in the region .
irrigation can be performed at home with proper equipment as long as the person is careful not to irrigate too hard .
the department was originally named " the miami - petersburg department for farms " and designed to irrigate the corn fields of the surrounding area .
hermann brehmer , a german physician , was convinced that tuberculosis arose from the difficulty of the heart to correctly irrigate the lungs .
then once the dry season sets in the farmer uses the collected water to irrigate his crops .
this included the installation of an on - site stormwater dissipation system , which now uses surface runoff to help irrigate lawn areas and minimise water usage .
he also built a road to the plateau to retrieve firewood and timber , and a canal to irrigate his crops and water his animals .
the city of riyadh also pumps a portion back into the city to irrigate its public gardens and parks .
redal , the utility serving rabat , was carrying out a study in 2009 to assess the feasibility of wastewater reuse to irrigate green spaces in the city .
the development also uses natural drainage to collect water to irrigate the common areas for the cultivation of fruits and vegetables .
the fitzroy river was diverted in the 1950s as part of the failed camballin irrigation scheme to store the water to irrigate crops of cotton , sorghum and other feed crops .
much of the flow of the upper deschutes river is diverted into canals to irrigate farmland ; irrigation districts take as much as 97% of the river 's flow in the summer months .
the mexican authorities are opposed to the all - american canal lining project , as the leaking water allows mexican farmers to irrigate their crops with well - water .
it was built during the reign of shah abbas ii to irrigate and inter - relate the kings gardens on both sides of the river .
it is expected to irrigate 5.75 lakh acres in kurnool , cudappah and chittoor districts in the state and provide 15 tmc to chennai , tamil nadu .
at the time , the project was known as the yangtze gorge project and would help irrigate 10 million acres of land along with controlling the yangtze river which was prone to deadly floods .
using such a medicine dropper to first irrigate the area with saline which may help to bring the tonsil stone to the surface from which it can then be more easily sucked out with the dropper .
located west of kassala , this project was originally designed to irrigate about 164,000 hectares .
some water is also supplied to mexico , to irrigate some 25,000 more acres .
the new valley project ( toshka project ) is a system of canals around sheikh zayed canal , fed from lake nasser through the mubarak pumping station to irrigate 234,000 hectares in the sahara .
