the priestess stated to him , that you will have a kingship in cyrene for eight generations under four rulers named battus and four rulers named arcesilaus .
much of this served to promote his own views concerning kingship ( he was a supporter of the deposed stuart line ) .
the babylonian " enuma elish " describes the god marduk earning kingship over the other gods , battling the monster tiamat , and creating the world from her corpse .
another explanation of the nixon model would be a personal dictatorship or an elective kingship under the constitution
there was only an isolated kingship in the east of java , gajayana , who appeared to have control over the mount kawi region in 760 .
mael sechnaill ii was restored to the high kingship but he died in 1022 , too soon to undo the damage done by brian 's " coup " .
four years later ujlaki died childless , putting an end to any claims of kingship from his line .
mata'afa iosefo , a previous holder of the paramount chiefly title had played a key role in the rivalry for kingship of samoa during the country 's colonial era .
the tuatha dé represent the functions of human society such as kingship , crafts and war , while the fomorians represent chaos and wild nature .
it was later recorded by hatshepsut that thutmose willed the kingship to both thutmose ii and hatshepsut .
the white crown , along with the red crown , has a long history , with each of their respective representations going back into the predynastic period , indicating that kingship had been the base of egyptian society for some time .
vibhuti narayan singh was the last naresh to see kingship after benares was ceded to the union of india .
the eóganacht airthir cliach were genealogically and geographically related to the inner circle of eoganachta dynasties which included the glendamnach , chaisil and áine but did not share in the rotation of the kingship of munster in the 7th and much of the 8th centuries .
the capital of ghana is greater accra , the most important town of the confederacy which is ruled by the ga people , and different royal kingship .
adarnase iv ( ) ( died 923 ) was a member of the georgian bagratid dynasty of tao - klarjeti and prince of iberia / kartli , responsible for the restoration of kingship , which had been in abeyance since it had been abolished by iran in the sixth century , in 888 .
norway was accustomed to royal sons fighting each other in order to wrest kingship to himself .
he formally accepted , but according to some sources refused to assume the kingship in opposition to the italian annexation of the dalmatia region , referring to him as king designate .
immediately after seizing the kingship , darius i of persia ( son of hystaspes ) married atossa ( daughter of cyrus the great ) .
they are likely to have been acquired along with a more complex number system , the domestic pig , and the institution of kingship from the more advanced indo - europeans to the south .
in response to the king 's misfortune , his brother diarmait took control of the kingship of munster and banished muirchertach .
relations with the roman government grew closer when king sohaemus inherited the kingship .
his kingship was dead but the balliol claim was not .
the sumerian king list implies that enmerkar inherited official kingship at e - ana after his father mesh - ki - ang - gasher , son of utu , had " entered the sea and disappeared . "
egypt was eventually reunified within a new paradigm of kingship .
the mannish descendants of elros ( the kings of arnor ) now claimed the title high king , although there is no indication that this referred anything other than a high kingship over the dúnedain .
he renounced his kingship and gave his treasures away to the widows , orphans , the blind and poor among his subjects .
sitchin claims ancient inscriptions report that human civilization in sumer of mesopotamia was set up under the guidance of these " gods " , and human kingship was inaugurated to provide intermediaries between mankind and the anunnaki .
in later centuries , divine kingship myths would flourish in the legends of charlemagne ( 768–814 ) as a divinely - appointed christian king .
after cotys abdicated his throne and kingship , his fate afterwards is unknown .
it continued to function as the administrative centre of the kingdom , but by the reign of desiderius , it had deteriorated as a first - rate defensive work and charlemagne took it in the siege of pavia ( june , 774 ) assuming the kingship of the lombards .
the chronicler ralph niger reports that on this mission eraclius offered the kingship of jerusalem to philip ii of france and henry ii of england ( but both turned him down ) and to any other prince he came across .
throughout the pharaonic epoch ( viz . , from 2920 bc to 525 bc in conventional egyptian chronology ) , divine kingship was the glue which held egyptian society together .
her character affects her child 's chances of ascending to the kingship .
the deaths of john beaufort , 1st duke of somerset , in 1444 , and cardinal beaufort in 1447 removed beaufort leadership of the ‘ court’ party , leaving william de la pole , 1st duke of suffolk as the most influential figure in national politics ( see j.l. watts , " henry vi and the politics of kingship " ( cambridge , 1996 ) and r.l. griffiths , " the reign of king henry vi " ( stroud , 1998 ) for differing views on the relationship between suffolk and henry vi ) .
in this system the tanist ( irish " tánaiste " ; scottish gaelic " tànaiste " ; manx " tanishtagh " ) was the office of heir - apparent , or second - in - command , among the ( royal ) gaelic patrilineal dynasties of ireland , scotland and man , to succeed to the chieftainship or to the kingship .
it was based on the twin principles of sacred kingship and rule by council .
if we accept that ealdberht was the son of aethelstan we have an obvious reason for his rebellions , kingship .
however , the title of " romulus " was associated too strongly with notions of monarchy and kingship , an image octavian tried to avoid .
the cenél conaill , a branch of the northern uí néill had been excluded from the alternating succession to the high kingship which had been largely dominated by the northern cenél neógain kings of ailech and the southern clann cholmáin kings of mide since the early the 8th century .
because of the link between the land and the kingship , meldron 's usurping the throne has caused the land to sicken .
patrick is said to have met lóegaire 's daughters near cruachan , a complex of prehistoric sites associated with the kingship of connacht in legend and in history .
mythemes pointed to include sacral kingship and " theophagy " , the eating of the body of a fertility god , traced by walter burkert to a neolithic fertility rite surrounding a god who needs to die and rise again in order to feed the community , sublimated in the christian eucharist .
dhu nuwas hoped to create , in the rich lands of southern arabia , a " davidic " kingship which was independent of the christian powers .
hathor had a complex relationship with ra , in one myth she is his eye and considered his daughter but later , when ra assumes the role of horus with respect to kingship , she is considered ra 's mother .
in part of the sudanic peoples , a tradition of sacral kingship or chiefship developed in which the position of the king was justified by a divine law given by divinity .
the “ silver rod ” where wisdom can not be found represents a scepter or staff that would have been used in traditional kingship or even high - ranking ecclesiasts before the rise of nationalism and the consequent fall of the papacy in the 16th and 17th centuries .
since the 8th century these were nominally subservient to the rule of a high king ; however , it was not until the eleventh century , with the high kingship of brian boru , that the office of the high king began to resemble a " national " king in a sense similar to that in continental europe .
another cause lay in the loss of prestige suffered by the kingship , especially during the 5th century , owing to these aforementioned quarrels , to the frequency with which kings ascended the throne as minors making the creation of regencies necessary .
in like manner , jonathan would be symbolically and prophetically transferring the kingship of himself ( as the normal heir ) to david , which would come to pass .
historians have speculated that perhaps john simply could not face the difficulties of kingship in france .
as a manifestation of ptah , apis also was considered to be a symbol of the pharaoh , embodying the qualities of kingship .
tushratta and artatama ii both claim the kingship and the hittites and assyrians take advantage of the situation .
the issue of kingship in weppa wanno is a modern day creation .
rather , the point is that the authority of kingship now belongs to the poetic voice , the voice that is declaiming the " theogony " .
there are instances of kings being forcibly removed and placed in holy orders to make them ineligible for kingship ; one such was king osred ii of northumbria , who was forced into a monastery .
elfin is the only candidate for the kingship of the alt clut britons of the period , and so may have been responsible for the victory .
he owns a sword , one of the proofs of his kingship .
the story then follows yi san 's rise to power , his assumption of the kingship , and the labyrinthine palace intrigues that he must constantly guard against .
the sun lost its importance as the icon of kingship and the kiani crown became the primary symbol of the qajar monarchy .
eochaid 's pregnant wife threw herself at patrick 's feet and received baptism in order to spare the curse on her unborn son cairell 's descendants did monopolize the kingship .
the concept of national kingship is first articulated in the 7th century , but only became a political reality in the viking age , and even then not a consistent one .
servius ' personal dedication to the goddess befitted one who " through good fortune , had been promoted from the family of a captive enemy to the kingship . "
it has since being shown that the airgíalla were not a kindred but a federation , whose members were of diverse origins , resulting in the kingship of the kingdom passing from one unrelated dynasty to another .
for seven unhappy years the kingship is held by the half - fomorian bres before nuada 's physician dian cécht fashions for him a silver arm , and he is restored .
muslim kingship in india‎ , by nagendra kumar singh
the need to persuade his nobles to undertake work for the ' common good ' led alfred and his court scholars to strengthen and deepen the conception of christian kingship that he had inherited by building upon the legacy of earlier kings such as offa as well as clerical writers such as bede , alcuin and the other luminaries of the carolingian renaissance .
the law of succession was changed immediately after turki 's death , so that the kingship of nejd , and later all saudi arabia would , starting with saud , pass from brother to brother and not father to son .
it is believed james vi wrote the book to set forth his idea of kingship , in contrast to the contractarian views espoused by , among others , george buchanan ( in " de jure regni apud scotos " , 1579 ) .
early kingship .
he probably succeeded his father to the kingship of the catuvellauni , who were the dominant kingdom in the south - east of britain at this time .
perhaps notker was awaiting bernard 's kingship , when prüm would be avenged .
the kingship of munster was seemingly vacant from cormac 's death until 914 , when the " annals of innisfallen " and the " fragmentary annals " report that flaithbertach was installed at cashel as king of munster .
the council captures trent , heals chameleon , and offers trent the kingship if he will marry iris .
according to the seventh and eighth century law tracts , a hierarchy of kingship and clientship progressed from the " rí " ( king of a single petty kingdom ) through the " ruiri " ( a " rí " who was overking of several petty kingdoms ) to a " rí ruirech " ( a " rí " who was a provincial overking ) .
romuald never saw the kingdom his father had won and so well defended , perctarit returned and ceased the kingship .
hostility to the síl náedo sláine was evidenced by the expulsion of fogartach mac néill ( died 724 ) from the kingship of brega in 714 who went into exile in britain .
when ningirsu , warrior of enlil , granted the kingship of lagash to urukagina , selecting him from among the myriad people , he replaced the customs of former times , carrying out the command that ningirsu , his master , had given him .
matsya kingdom was founded by fishermen community who later attained kingship .
to the south - west of pictland were the gaels of dál riata where the kingship was disputed between the cenél loairn of northern argyll and the cenél ngabráin of kintyre .
appropriately for a wolf king , richard seems to have been named with kingship in mind .
the later athenian tradition varies on the exact position of this line ; they held archonship for life , and exercised the sacral powers of kingship , as did the archon basileus later .
in particular , the kushan 's were influenced by the sassanid conception of kingship , which spread through the trade of sassanid silverware and textiles depicting emperors hunting or dispensing justice .
the consecration ceremonies and rituals associated with kingship began during the reign of devanampiya tissa , under the influence of ashoka of india .
if this is correct , maldred was apparently not the son of crínán 's known wife bethóc , daughter of the scots king malcolm ii , as gospatric 's descendants made no such claim when they submitted their pleadings in the great cause ( though according to this link his descendant , patrick the seventh earl of dunbar , did indeed make a claim to the throne during these pleadings ) to determine the succession to the kingship of the scots after the death of alexander iii .
cnut went to harald and supposedly made the suggestion they might have a joint kingship , although this found no favour with his brother .
kinau died when kauikeaouli was only 25 , and the young king found himself consumed by the burdens of kingship .
the duchess 's claim was relatively strong , as it was reinforced by her husband 's position as one of the legitimate heirs ; thus they would both be entitled to hold the kingship .
her works question the virtues of noble blood as they assert , repeatedly , the mystical strength of kingship and of great leaders .
the other painted lycian tomb is kızılbel , which depicts greek legends from the homeric epics , as well as aspects of kingship similar to those seen in assyrian imagery .
here , frederic confirmed sweyn 's rights of kingship , and sweyn swore fealty to him .
kingship , ” " kingly rule , " “ reign ” , “ queen ” , or “ sovereignty ” should be preferred .
hadrianus allied with hiarbas , a rival for the numidian kingship , and succeeded in temporarily ousting hiempsal , who hid out with metellus and his men in mauretania under the protection of bocchus i. the actions of hadrianus incurred the enmity of the pro - sullan upper classes in africa .
this translation of power was first made to the person of christ [ w]ho combined the functions of priesthood and kingship , and this sacerdotal and kingly power was then transferred to the popes.”25 non - christians were thus subject to christians but could maintain sovereignty over their lands so long as they recognized the church as superior.26 if non - believers failed to recognize the lordship of the church , however , sovereignty could be taken away from them by the pope and transferred to christian rulers .
this town of the hoary past , was the capital of king parikshit , the grandson of arjuna who ascended the throne of hastinapur after the pandavas decided to renounce the kingship .
ireland continued as a patchwork of rival tribes but , beginning in the 7th century ad , a concept of national kingship gradually became articulated through the concept of a high king of ireland .
the uí briúin ai claimed descent from brion , an older brother of niall of the nine hostages , and the kingship of connacht alternated irregularly between the síl muiredaig and the síl cathail branches of the kindred .
he met asclepiodotus in battle and killed him , thus taking the kingship of britain upon himself .
soon after the two returned to england , ethelwulf 's eldest surviving son , ethelbald , had devised a conspiracy with the ealdorman of somerset and the bishop of sherborne to oppose æthelwulf 's resumption of the kingship .
during that week , vladislaus also offered the kingship of bulgaria to hunyadi , if he was amenable to abjuring his oath , which he was .
then kingship descends from heaven and the first cities are founded : eridu , bad - tibira , larsa , sippar , and shuruppak .
maelruanaidh is said to have made a deal of some nature where , in return for abandoing any claim to the provincial kingship , he would be given moylurg .
procopius writes that these white huns are white - skinned and have an organized kingship .
the kingdom was installed in 1463 by the bini monarch oba ewuare conferring kingship on ichesan ( first onojie of uromi ) .
flaim has the space - rotation bomb , and he wants dion to renounce his kingship .
according to the gargittius historian epicurus , at this region the dead body of eurυstheus was buried , an opponent of hercules who gained the kingship at mycenae after a battle at marathon , where he buried his opponent 's head .
many names of individual etruscan kings are recorded , most of them in a historical vacuum , but with enough chronological evidence to show that kingship persisted in etruscan city - culture long after it had been overthrown by the greeks and at rome , where etruscan kings were long remembered with suspicion and scorn .
the kingship ultimately had no clearly worked out means of succession , so the kingdom was vulnerable to factional infighting .
in the end he realises the transiency of possessions , renounces his kingship and finally attains nirvana .
eventually it is revealed that simon was manipulating the king 's arrogant son into pursuing a kingship by heritage , rather than the established and true rite of selection by the chief bard , tegid .
as máire herbert notes , máel mura depicts tuathal as a 9th century ruler , taking hostages from lesser kings , compelling their obedience and founding his kingship over ireland on force .
the routine of kingship in edwin 's time involved regular , probably annual , wars with neighbours , to obtain tribute , submission and slaves .
this system of religious spiritual kings was spread to most of central africa by rivals in kingship migrating and forming new states .
regardless , a spiritually important pagan jukun priest - kingship at wukari appears to have been the centre of kwararafa power , but in the 17th century , this may have spread much farther .
in the eight years before eardwulf 's accession all three of these dynastic lines were involved in the struggle for kingship : on 23 september 788 , king ælfwald i , grandson of eadberht , was murdered by the " patricius " sicga near hexham , and ælfwald 's cousin osred became king .
this allowed his brother - in - law , ferdinand i to assume the kingship of león for himself , claiming his wife 's right to the crown , and resulting in the first union of the kingdoms of león and castile .
it was a step characteristic of his love for extreme and dramatic action , but it added to the dissensions between him and those who wished only for autonomy under the old dynasty , and his enemies did not scruple to accuse him of aiming for kingship .
on march 25 , 1139 , innocent was forced to acknowledge the kingship and possessions of roger with the treaty of mignano .
after the abolition of the iberian kingship by the sassanids in c. 580 , the dynasty survived in its two closely related , but sometimes competing princely branches – the elder chosroid and the younger guaramid – down to the early ninth century when they were succeeded by the georgian bagratids on the throne of iberia .
the life of the georgian kings " , the dynasty descended from parnavaz ( i ) , the founder of the iberian kingship , who ousted azo , a ruler allegedly left by alexander the great to govern the country .
arvedui would become the last king of arnor , and his descendants , the chieftains of the dúnedain never attempted to claim the throne of gondor , nor the high kingship .
anscar fought on behalf of guy 's kingship in italy .
however , after gaining the imperial insignia , the archbishop sabotaged frederick 's rise to the kingship .
joseph wenzel is regarded by jacobites as third in line for the kingship of england , scotland and ireland .
this image of kingship gradually fades as bolingbroke 's rebellion continues .
the kingship of william was recognised over all sicily , apulia , calabria , and campania , as well as capua , the coastal cities of amalfi , naples , and gaeta , and the newly - conquered territories in central italy : marche and the abruzzi , which roger and alfonso , william 's elder brothers , had claimed before .
the atheling being an old english term ( æþeling ) used in anglo - saxon england to designate princes of the royal dynasty who were eligible for the kingship .
this is most likely an exaggeration to describe the disorganization of the kingship during this time period .
instead , while harsiese a was certainly an independent king at thebes during the first decade of osorkon ii 's kingship , he was a different person from a second person who was also called harsiese : harsiese b. harsiese b was the genuine high priest of amun who is attested in office late in osorkon ii 's reign , in the regnal year 6 of shoshenq iii and in regnal years 18 and 19 of pedubast i , according to jansen - winkeln .
a second sign that sacral kingship did not disappear with the arrival of christianity is the supposed law - suit between congal cáech , king of the ulaid , and domnall mac áedo .
after eurystheus ' death , the brothers atreus and thyestes , whom he had left in charge during his absence , took over the city , the former exiling the latter and assuming the kingship , while tiryns returned to the overlordship of argos .
several statues of menkaura place him between or alongside the goddesses hathor and bat which would have conveyed the authority of his kingship strongly to his subjects .
gwynllyw 's decision to abandon his kingship and retire to a religious life seems to have been a common theme amongst welsh saints and even his violent past was not unusual , being shared by saint illtyd amongst others .
duryodhana never accepted the fact that dhritarastra was a regent following the death of pandu , and that yudishtir was the only one eligible for kingship .
since 1463 , the kingship have been transmitted by inheritance .
khazar kingship was divided between the khagan and the bek or khagan bek .
toirdelbach ó conchobair was one of a number of claimants to the kingship of connacht in the disasterious aftermath of the second battle of athenry .
hakor overthrew his predecessor psammuthes and falsely proclaimed himself to be the grandson of nepherites i , founder of the 29th dynasty , on his monuments in order to legitimise his kingship .
finally , the gods confer kingship on marduk , hailing him with fifty names .
the síl muiredaig sept had dominated the kingship from 796 - 839 though his uncle , máel cothaid mac fogartaig ( flourished 818 ) , may have been a co - ruler at one point .
her father rotated the kingship with his cousins díthorba and cimbáeth , seven years at a time .
afraid of the romans , cole submitted to roman law so long as he retained his kingship .
he was selected by the ahom king from members of the ahom nobility ( " satgharia ahom " ) , who was not eligible for the position of ahom kingship .
in act 3 , scene 1 , henry then debates with the gamekeepers the importance of the crown to the role of kingship ;
however in 567 bc , the kingship of the state of zeng was usurped by a cousin with a different surname .
nissanka malla declared that only a buddhist had the right to rule the country , thereby securing his position and justifying his claim for kingship .
the lir in this story was the rival of bodb dearg for the kingship of the tuatha dé danann after their retreat into the fairy mounds .
out his policy and put the kingship in a position of vantage that later monarchs could have sustained , and thus have prevented the worst of poland 's degradation .
according to the mishnah , 10 verses ( each ) are said regarding kingship , remembrance , and the shofar itself , each accompanied by the blowing of the shofar .
early life and kingship .
in an interview with tvnz , mark vrankovich of cultwatch criticised the covenant , saying mr tamaki was " taking a kingship position " , and
maedhros was due to succeed fëanor , but he regretted his part of the kinslaying and the abandonment of fingolfin and left the high kingship of the noldor to his uncle fingolfin because he was the eldest , who became the first high king of the noldor in middle - earth .
he is sometimes numbered as henry vi , the numeral he would have had had he succeeded to the kingship in full .
the table is the crown of kingship , of which says , “ and make thereto a crown of gold round about . ”
only three years after defeating the shang dynasty , king wu died , and the kingship — following zhou custom — passed to his young son , king cheng of zhou .
from 1022 through the norman take - over of 1171 , the high kingship was held alongside " kings with opposition " .
the first " sefirah " , being " keter " ( " crown " ) , was transformed into the potentially existing three heads of the macroprosopon ( " erech anpin " ) ; the second " sefirah " , being " chochmah " ( " wisdom " ) , into the active masculine principle called " father " ( " abba " ) ; the third sefirah , being " binah " ( " understanding " ) , into the passive , feminine principle called " mother " ( " imma " ) ; the six broken " sefirot " , into the " male child " ( " ze'er " ) , which is the product of the masculine active and the feminine passive principles ; the tenth " sefirah " , " malkut " which is ( " kingship " ) , into the female child ( " bath " ) .
the raising of wittiza to the kingship coincided with the revolt of sunifred and may have been either its cause or effect .
the roman emperors lived abroad and did not perform the ceremonial functions of egyptian kingship as the ptolemies had .
hussain ibn ali believed nomination of yazid to the heir - ship of the caliphate would lead to hereditary kingship which was repugnant to the original political teachings of islam .
he was only nine when he succeeded to the kingship , following the death in persia of his father antiochus iv epiphanes .
bres was removed from the kingship , having ruled for seven years , and nuada was restored .
roxana and her son were protected by alexander 's mother , olympias , in macedonia , but her assassination in 316 bc allowed cassander to seek kingship .
native and foreign , pagan and christian ideas were comingled to form a new idea of irish kingship .
ugrasena was the king of mathura , a kingdom that was established after the various factions of yadava , vrishni and bhoja clans decided that the dividing states would unite as one and that the kingship would not be subject to heredity ( but could be ) and if decided not to be so , the succeeding leader would be chosen by a simple majority , therefore , a semi - democracy was established .
in the early fourteenth century the scottish army of edward bruce ( brother of robert of bannockburn fame ) was defeated in the battle of faughart near dundalk , edward losing not only his claim to the high kingship of ireland , but also his life .
kingship .
the ventrue are the rulers , leaders and politicos of the camarilla , sometimes known as the patrician clan or the kingship clan .
the house of wettin is a dynasty of german counts , dukes , prince - electors ( kurfürsten ) and kings that once ruled the area of today 's german states of saxony , the saxon part of saxony - anhalt , and thuringia for more than 800 years as well as holding at times the kingship of poland .
the prince of thomond is one of three remaining claimants to the non - existent , since the 12th century , so - called high kingship of ireland , the others being the prince of tyrone ( briefly earl of tyrone ) , and the prince of connacht .
in 686 , after the death of aldfrith 's brother king ecgfrith of northumbria and aldfrith 's succession to the kingship , adomnán was in northumbria on the request of king fínsnechta fledach of brega , in order to gain the freedom of sixty gaels who had been captured in a northumbrian raid two years before .
maelcon seeks to end the system of matrilineage and claim the kingship for himself .
the lion was a prominent symbol in ancient mesopotamia ( from sumer up to assyrian and babylonian times ) , where it was strongly associated with kingship .
it has been theorised that the clan , which was by now referred to as horder or harding left denmark and settled in scotland , iceland and the area around what is now kinsarvik , setting up an independent kingship .
the meaning , and even the definition , of the high kingship of ireland to which domnall laid claim was far from clear in the period after the death of the last traditional uí néill king of tara , máel sechnaill mac domnaill of clann cholmáin , in 1022 .
lord rodrik supported asha greyjoy in the struggle for the kingship of the iron islands , but now serves king euron greyjoy with the rest of the ironmen .
tefnakht ii may have been a native saite king who ruled sais during the 25th nubian dynasty of ancient egypt or merely a local mayor of sais who was erroneously assigned a kingship by the later kings of the twenty - sixth dynasty of egypt .
it is much more likely that matad inherited part of a deal made with máel muire by the king in order to alienate máel muire and his descendants from the kingship .
they also lay partly in the weakness of the kingship , the dual character of which inevitably gave rise to jealousy and discord between the two holders of the office , often resulting in a practical deadlock .
nuada was restored to the kingship after his arm was replaced with a working one of silver , but the tuatha dé 's oppression by the fomorians continued .
prempeh 's kingship was beset by difficulties from the very onset of his reign .
he is frequently accompanied by his consort rosmerta ( " great provider " ) , who bears the ritual drink with which kingship was conferred ( in roman mythology .
kingship .
rebellion apparently began again when during 1183 - 1186 , further warfare broke out among the uí conchobair , which resulted in ruaidrí ua conchobair been forced to resign the kingship in favor of his son , conchobar máenmaige ua conchobhair .
events during kingship .
she grants niall not only water but the kingship for many generations - twenty - six of his descendants will be high kings of ireland .
barbara lewalski concludes that the theme of idolatry in paradise lost " ... is an exaggerated version of the idolatry milton had long associated with the stuart ideology of divine kingship " .
rudhri was defeated , and fedlim " plundered the officers of ruaidri o conchobair and seized the kingship of connacht from assaroe ( assaroe falls ) to slieve aughty himself .. and took hostages of the clann cellaig .
soon clotaire iv died and odo gave up on chilperic and , in exchange for recognising his kingship over all the franks , the king surrendered his kingdom to the mayoralty of charles over all the kingdoms ( 718 ) .
further , the iconographic linkage between chess and kingship in the western tradition continued to evolve and became symbolic of kingly virtues , including skill , prudence , and intelligence .
many years later , thrud the barbarian becomes thrud the king , but finds the mundane duties of kingship tiresome without opportunities to fight .
however , a new myth of the creation of kingship not found in the dharmasūtras and differing from those found in previous vedic literature is seen in the dharmaśāstras .
associated with the land and kingship , they probably represent a triple goddess of sovereignty .
in 822 murchad made another bid for the high kingship and advanced with the men of the north to ard brecáin ( county meath ) .
he succeeded saul of rehoboth in the apparently elective kingship of the early edomites .
the hostility to the kingship of a child was growing , and after philip had been chosen as defender of the empire during frederick 's minority he consented to his own election .
for example , lee ( 1984 , p. 7 ) cites the legend of his being raised to the kingship as one among various " embellished accounts of ... selecting a tribal leader .
the book of nod names certain clans as the original thirteen ; the kingship clan ( ventrue ) , the clan of the beast ( gangrel ) , the moon clan ( malkavian ) , the clan of the hidden ( nosferatu ) , the wanderer clan ( ravnos ) , the clan of the rose ( toreador ) , the night clan ( lasombra ) , the clan of shapers ( tzimisce ) , the snake clan ( setites ) , the clan of death ( cappadocian ) , the healer 's clan ( salubri ) , the clan of the hunt ( assamite ) and the learned clan ( brujah ) .
there is evidence for sacral kingship , suggesting the tribal chief at the same time assumed the role of high priest .
edward then returned to normandy , but alfred was captured by godwin , earl of wessex who then turned him over to harold harefoot , who blinded him to make him unsuitable for kingship .
uther pendragon ( gabriel byrne ) is in battle against the duke of cornwall ( corin redgrave ) , and reminds merlin ( nicol williamson ) of his promise of the " sword of power " , excalibur to denote his kingship .
practicising strict endogamy which kept clan outlines within a distinct extended " oikos " , they dispensed with kingship and ruled as a group , governing the city by electing annually a " prytanis " who held the kingly position for his brief term , no doubt a council ( though none is specifically documented in the scant literary materials ) and a " polemarchos " to head the army .
the duchess 's claim was relatively strong , as it was reinforced by her husband 's position as one of the legitimate heirs ; thus they would both be entitled to hold the kingship .
to the north , the nilotic - speaking acholi people adopted some of the ideas and regalia of kingship from bunyoro in the 18th century .
scholars generally believe that igbo kingship institutions originated from three sources .
it is through this descent that his high - kingship of the noldor is explained .
it was unusual among greek city - states in that it maintained its kingship past the archaic age .
the strong institution of kingship developed by the pharaohs served to legitimize state control over the land , labor , and resources that were essential to the survival and growth of ancient egyptian civilization .
it is probable that eormenred shared the kingship of kent with his brother eorcenberht , the senior king , and also that he predeceased eorcenberht .
to achieve this goal he was prepared to sacrifice much : the loss of rich ptolemaic lands , most of his wealth and even , according to cicero , the very dignity on which the mystique of kingship rested when he appeared before the roman people as a mere supplicant .
he then led negotiations which resulted in reconciliation between father and son and them sharing the kingship .
the deposed king fled to nkondo where he continued to claim kingship over kongo .
after rops ' return , apollo returned home to run his company , yet still provided the money and support to assist kiyo and zatch to prevent anyone evil from reaching the kingship .
he was also associated with the epithet khenti - amentiu , which means " foremost of the westerners " — a reference to his kingship in the land of the dead .
she later married his successor cathal mac áedo ( d. 627 ) thereby transferring the kingship to him .
when áed died in 879 , the kingship returned to the southern branch , represented by flann sinna .
hostages were taken from sigtrygg by flaithbertach ua néill , king of cenél neógain and the uí néill , and donnchad mac briain of munster in 1025 and 1026 respectively , in support of their bids for the high kingship .
the kshatriya 's chief occupation was martial skills and kingship .
the high kingship did not become a reality until the 9th century , and niall 's legendary status has been inflated in line with the political importance of the dynasty he founded .
most closely related to the o'neills are the mac lochlainns , also of the cenél neógain , who in addition to providing two high kings , domnall ua lochlainn and muirchertach mac lochlainn , also contested the kingship of tyrone with the o'neills until the mid-13th century .
he sent perctarit 's wife and son to benevento and took over the kingship of the lombards .
in the seventh and eight centuries , the kingship of munster rotated among the inner circle of the eóganachta dynasties .
amasis thus secured his kingship over egypt and was now the unchallenged ruler of egypt .
and in islamic persia , " chosroes " became as strong a by - word for tyrannical pagan kingship as " pharaoh " ( though ironically the pagan destroyer of the achaemenid empire , alexander the great , was lionized thanks to an accident of qur'anic textual sources ) .
cathussach was killed at ráith beithech ( rathveagh , modern county antrim ) probably in the interest of the rival dal fiatach who retook the kingship of ulaid .
that kingship , whether as high king or provincial king remains unclear as the
khazar kingship .
dr. vibhuti narayan singh was the last naresh to see kingship after benares was ceded to the union of india on 15th of oct 1948 .
david soslan ’s status of consort , as well as his presence in art , on charters , and on coins , was strictly dictated by the necessity of male aspects of kingship , but he remained a subordinate ruler who shared throne with tamar but had no independent authority , his power being derived from his reigning spouse .
he then studied abroad before returning to his kingship .
if chance may have me king , why chance may crown me without my stir ” and “ come what come may , time and the hour runs through the roughest day ” this demonstrates that he is considering the possibility that the kingship will fall into his lap by luck alone and that he will not have to take any action in order to fulfill the last prophecy .
this is unusual in early irish history , according to professor francis john byrne of university college dublin as it was the equivalent of “ keeping three oranges in the air ” ( the east ulster kingdom of ulaid also rotated the kingship between families ) .
inheritance of senior kingship .
this , it says , put congal out of the kingship of tara .
james however , in an act typical of his kingship , imprisoned alexander , his mother mariota ( by whose lineage alexander claimed ross ) and around fifty of his followers , including his uncle and heir - designate john mór , in the tower of inverness castle .
remismund was confirmed in the kingship when the visigothic monarch , theodoric ii , sent him gifts , including weapons , and a gothic princess for a wife .
a last attempt at restoring the caliphal office and style with ecumenical recognition was made by al - husayn ibn ` ali al - hashimi , king of al - hijaz and sharif of mecca , who assumed both 11 march 1924 and held them until his passing the kingship to his son ` ali ibn al - husayn al - hashimi , who did not adopt the khalifal office and style .
casmir claims right of kingship over the entire elder isles as a lineal descendant of the first king , olam magnus , and maintains twelve standing armies to back up his claim .
each king was free to convert to christianty as he pleased , due to the sacral nature of kingship in germanic society automatically entailing the conversion of his subjects .
it is unlikely that there was a succession and defined duties , and it is doubtful whether the term bretwalda is anything more than a later simplification of a complex structure of kingship .
alan anderson died in 1958 , but mrs anderson continued to publish on early scottish subjects , most notably her " kings and kingship in early scotland " and her revision of " early sources of scottish history " , the standard collection of source material on scottish history to 1286 , written by alan anderson and first published in 1922 .
hanno " magnus " , along with his son and grandson , held the kingship for some years between 367 and 310 bc .
the cult of kingship was central to pagan anglo - saxon society .
maelruanaidh mor mac tadg is said to have made a deal of some nature where , in return for abandoing any claim to the provincial kingship , he would be given moylurg .
kildare ) who took the kingship and his widow .
from 1022 through the norman take - over of 1171 , the high kingship was held by " kings with opposition " - that is , whoever was strong enough to overthrow the high king of the day and take the hill of tara simply did so .
slowly and slowly , kingship distanced from kshatriya dharma and the role of rajpurohits also diminished in statecraft .
his last paternal ancestor to hold the kingship was éogan cáech mac nath í who would have lived in the early 6th century of whom bran was a 5th generation descendant .
at hayagriva 's funeral , a danava named kaal ketu defeats another danava , harshad , for the kingship .
though gezun 's life story unfolds over the course of the tales featuring him in conan - like fashion , it is no horatio alger progression to kingship like conan 's .
bres appeals for assistance from the fomorians to take back the kingship , and although his father elatha refuses , another fomorian leader , balor of the evil eye , agrees to help him and raises a huge army .
orion consulted an oracle , which told him that if he went east , he would regain the glory of kingship .
not long after this , the cruarch is overthrown , murdered by his own son maelcon , who seeks to end the system of matriarchal rule and claim the kingship for himself .
in addition to hieroglyphics and calendrical innovations , the southern area is noted for sites that , early on in the trajectory of mesoamerica civilization , can be characterized as fully urban , and also for the appearance of long - distance trade in such vital commodities as obsidian and cacao , for the first true cults of sacred rulership or kingship , for masterfully carved monumental art , and for a very complex ideology and religion , probably based on some primordial version of the popol vuh .
however , it was still not uncommon for several rulers to share the kingship of norway .
this was most likely because piliwale chose to take the kingship instead living away from the rest of the world in the mountains of oahu .
