and throughout the middle ages , the buckle was used mostly for ornamentation until the second half of the 14th century where the knightly belt and buckle took on its most splendid form .
in 1337 he founded the knightly order " societas templois " for the crusade against the pagan prussians and lithuanians .
henry bell is a 42-year - old executive , divorced and recently fired from his job , and karen knightly is 25-years - old , wealthy , very eccentric , and recently abandoned by her lover anthony staxton - billing , who opted to return to his wife imogen .
poppo hailed from a family with rich knightly traditions which resided in osternohe , just outside nuremberg in franconia .
in 1337 the patronage right to the village church was held by the knightly family of hallwyl .
for years , the masthead included the words " lawrence sullivan ross - soldier , statesman , knightly gentleman " .
records mentions the knightly order , with a presence in the city dating back to the 1330s , as owner of the site in 1499 , and tells the church was inaugurated by a bishop from strängnäs in 1514 .
as the vast majority of medieval european warfare consisted of performing raids and long - range patrols , the lance was an important method of providing shock effect , ranged firepower , and logistical support for a knightly retinue out for plunder .
baroque noble estates define the streetscape and recall a mediaeval epoch in nierstein ’s local history when some two dozen noble families lived here as imperially immediate fiefholders who shaped events by holding the office of " vogt " , " schultheiß " or " burgmannen " , as " schöffen " ( roughly “ lay jurists ” ) at the knightly court or the ecclesiastical court .
northerly city - state where tivadar and his knightly order , aided by ith and the council of mages , temporarily restored civilisation to terisiare , by throwing back the lacjsi 's goblin invasions with their crusade .
on 21 april 1921 , royal irish constabulary constable denis o’loughlin was shot dead in knightly public house in tralee .
the mace , a traditional knightly weapon , developed somewhat independently , became all - metal with heads of various forms , while the morningstar retained its characteristic spikes , with a usually wooden shaft , often found in longer two - handed forms measuring up to six feet or more , was popular among troops .
from the 12th century the environs of szydłowiec belonged to the powerful knightly family of odrowąż , who descended from moravian - bohemian baworowic family .
william levett was born at " the grove " , hollington , east sussex , the son of joane ( adams ) levett and john levett , a large landowner and descendant of a knightly anglo - norman family who owned the manor of catsfield levett ( now simply catsfield ) , as well as property across sussex , including in hollington , st. leonards - on - sea , bulverhythe , firle , hastings , bexhill - on - sea and elsewhere .
napoleon also established a new knightly order in 1802 , the légion d'honneur , which is still in existence today .
pippin himself , however , favored septem , and gave him his first knightly - sacred quest : go to the east , and find the secret of the way to achieve absolute victory .
vegetius ' suggestion of a soldier 's religious oath to god and to the realm might have influenced knightly practices .
" accompass , adulation , agrote , angel - like , angrily , appete , appetite , arguing , bedote , bench , betraising , bleeding , box , bridled , browd , clift , complaining , countryward , crinkled , distain , during , emboss , ensure , eternally , everything , famous , father - in - law , felicity , figuring , fingering , fleuron , forgiving , foundation , fret , gledy , graciousness , imagining , infinite , joining , knightly , lure , mantuan , paper - white , penful , presenting , radevore , reclaiming , renownee , ruled , seemliness , skirmishing , stately , storial , subtilly , subtilely , tidife , tidive , tuteler , toteler , virelay , well , wifehood "
the golden shield with the wall and tower has its roots in romrod 's old knightly family .
it is said that his skill as a violin - player was what attracted his wife , margaret , who was from a better family , being the only child of thomas baker of rustington and descended from a knightly family of kent .
the siege was begun in april by the brothers gutierre and rodrigo fernández , both governors on the frontier , at the orders of alfonso , each with their own " mesnadas " ( knightly retinues ) and with the militias ( cavalry and infantry ) of toledo and the other cities of the trans - sierra and the extremadura .
from the gothic era come many of the décor ’s important pictorial works , while on the church ’s outer walls , various gravestones of the noble families that held estates here , such as the barons of dalberg and the knightly family " bube von geispitzheim " or " fetzer von geispitzheim " can be seen .
in the novel descent of angels , part of the black library 's horus heresy series , it is revealed that lord cypher is a title used by the order , the knightly order commanded by lion el'jonson during his initial years on caliban .
during the latter half of the 16th century the heavy " knightly " lance gradually fell out of use , perhaps because of the widespread adoption of the infantry pike .
the sword is a relic of the human knightly order of the fiery heart .
unlike other knightly organizations , the legion of steel are not always lawful and in fact , many of them are chaotic .
in 12th century france or england , for example , it could have consisted of the knightly aristocracy .
britomart figures in edmund spenser 's knightly epic " the faerie queene " , where she is an allegorical figure of the virgin knight of chastity , representing english virtue -- in particular , english military power -- through a folk etymology that associated " brit- , " as in " briton " , with " martis " , here thought of as " of mars " , the roman war god .
" there never was so desperate a struggle , or one in which the stoutness of knightly prowess shone forth so brightly .
a number of sassanid governors attempted to combine their forces to throw back the invaders , but the effort was crippled by the lack of a strong central authority , and the governors were defeated at the battle of nihawānd ; the empire , with its military command structure non - existent , its non - noble troop levies decimated , its financial resources effectively destroyed , and the asawaran ( azatan ) knightly caste destroyed piecemeal , was now utterly helpless in the face of the invaders .
polly enjoys reading books of knightly endeavours more than his jobs in a draper 's shops , and several times his daydreaming mind loses him his job .
but like his uncle , he considers himself to be a member of " the hungarian race " , an aristocracy committed to the old knightly ideals even in an age when castles and titles are a thing of the past .
the polish clan name and cry ritualized the " ius militare , " i.e. , the power to command an army ; and they had been used some time before 1244 to define knightly status ..
subsequently , the city became the property of the silesian knightly families , initially the schaffgotsches in 1372 , later the czettritzes , and from 1738 , the hochberg family , owners of fürstenstein castle .
until the reign of henry viii , the order of the garter , most ancient of the great knightly orders , had no collar .
militant orders of the faith have also existed at times in its history , the warriors sons , a knightly order composed of the noble classes , and the poor fellows , drawn from the common folk .
he was a member of the neckar - schwarzwald knights , and a member of knightly society of st. jörg schild .
the later knightly estate belonging to the barons of wiesenthau passed with bavaria ’s mediatization at the time of the border adjustments in 1810 to the grand duchy of würzburg , ruled by ferdinand iii , grand duke of tuscany , with which it eventually passed back to bavaria in 1814 .
initially the order appeared to be both a brotherhood " ( bruderschaft ) " and a knightly brotherhood " ( rittersbruderschaft ) " .
in imitation of the decorations bestowed by the freuitbearing society ( of which his grandfather was a head ) johann georg created on 24 june 1704 a medal extolling knightly virtues " de la noble passion " with the motto " j’aime l’honneur , qui vient par la vertu " ( en : " i love the honor that comes from virtue " ) .
he was followed immediately by two members of the knightly class , cercamon and marcabru , and by a member of the princely class , jaufre rudel .
konrad came from a family with a rich knightly tradition that had its roots in franconia .
leibenstadt , a former knightly village with about 320 inhabitants lying south of adelsheim was first mentioned in a document in 1293 , and has been part of adelsheim since 1971 .
a rare medieval polish knightly coat of arms used by polish and austrian noble family głownia ( and glownia ) .
not coincidentally , many of the cluniac monks were members of the same knightly class whose violence they were trying to stop .
he worked in the house of habsburg until his move to venice at the age of 27 , where he fell in love with a countess who was not ready for marriage , and because of his adventurous manner he fought in knightly tournaments in the roman empire where he also lost a finger , when coming home the countess had not yet answered and he decided to leave for the holy land .
the life of virgil prefixed to dryden 's translation , and a " preface to the pastorals with a short defence of virgil , against some of the reflections of monsieur fontenella , " both ascribed at one time to walsh , were the work of dr knightly chetwood ( 1650 - 1720 ) .
below the noble council is the knightly conclave , a parliamentary group of minor nobles which considers any issue desired , then offers its opinions to the king .
this created such an abiding impression that the knightly order founded by these returning crusaders became known as the knights panther .
it is usually associated with ideals of knightly virtues , honor and courtly love .
other early chiaroscuro woodcuts were equestrian portraits of similar knightly figures , a portrait of maximilian by hans burgkmair , and versions of " saint george and the dragon " looking very similar to the emperor , by both cranach and burgkmair .
the name derives from the middle persian word " azatan " - meaning " freedmen " or " those who are free " - which denotes a knightly caste of sassanid persia .
this helmet became so ubiquitous that it was virtually the symbol of the knight during the second half of the fourteenth century , sometimes illustrated as worn by all knightly combatants in period illustrations .
it was common for a young man in his situation to be sent at the age of thirteen or fourteen as squires in equal or greater noble households , to learn knightly duties before becoming knights themselves .
though not agreeing with knightly charges on the battlefield , he also was devoted to tournament jousting .
after suffering a crushing defeat in the 13th century , the livonian order was incorporated into the teutonic knightly order .
knightly orders are present in some countries , which offer quests , repairs , and at higher levels , houses .
he received the nickname " achilles " because of his knightly qualities .
this new literature in czech consisted largely of epic poetry of two types : the legend and the knightly epic , both based on apocryphal tales from the bible , as well as hagiographic legends of earlier periods .
he came of a knightly frankish family , and studied canon law at bologna .
kippers might also be fighters of non - knightly status , who therefore did not fight on horseback .
he is a central captain of the knightly order of hungarian warriors ( " vitéz " -- valiant in english ) and has been decorated with the golden medal of the hungarian institute of military history .
knightly virtues .
in john erskine 's novel " galahad : enough of his life to explain his reputation , " galahad ’s main tutor for his knightly training is not his father lancelot or king arthur , but in fact queen guinevere .
she played child role of kiera knightly 's character in the film " the jacket " , and had a small flashback role in the film " superbad " .
unlike other knightly orders , the reiksguard is divided into warriors who fight on foot and on horseback .
his former chaplain , gervase of tilbury , said that ' his death was the end of everything knightly ' .
he defeats this warrior and marries his wife laudine , but forsaking his marital duties for knightly exploits , he loses her love .
knightly notes that " animistic elements surface occasionally in the characters ' stream of consciousness " .
she had seen off two husbands who had been lords of the manor at earl shilton , and had been at the heart of leicestershire knightly society since the reign of edward i. her son richard , who must have been in his 50 ’s , took over running the family estates at earl shilton .
nithsdale on a knightly quest for glory decided , about 1389 , to join the teutonic knights , who were fighting the ottomans and lithuanians in eastern europe .
in norway , queen eufemia represented the incoming knightly culture , with tournament and such .
richard was then sent to warwick 's estate at middleham for his knightly training .
the sisters bear a resemblance to several knightly orders from medieval europe , and have a strong gothic feel .
in 1232 , mansbach had its first documentary mention and is believed to have been bound to the buchonian knightly order of mansbach since its founding .
of knightly deeds , and honour bravely won ,
his heir was his nephew , william melton junior of aston , near sheffield , who was the progenitor of one of the most powerful knightly families in the south of yorkshire .
scandinavian rulers and german military knightly orders led by the german prince - bishops conquered and resettled the baltic world and drew it into the western orbit .
during the ancient shang and zhou dynasties , the " shi " were regarded as a knightly social order of low - level aristocratic lineage compared to dukes and marquises .
for his part , churchill treated the princess with respectful affection and grew genuinely attached to her , assuming – in his reverence to royalty – the chivalrous role of a knightly champion .
at one knightly tournament at rostock , wine , mead , and beer " flowed " for an entire month for any who wished to drink .
his and donald 's rivalry over daisy is established in " donald 's love letters " ( 1949 ) , " wild about flowers " ( 1950 ) , and " knightly rivals " ( 1951 ) , and as potential heirs to scrooge 's fortune in " some heir over the rainbow " ( 1953 ) .
the order was uniquely composed of both protestant and catholic nobles and leaders at a time when religion violently divided europe and the german states within the holy roman empire , and other knightly orders allied themselves exclusively with one faith or the other .
with the loss of dernbach castle , the feud was lost for the knightly house based there .
at raiffeisenplatz stands a figure of red sandstone in the shape of the legendary knight hundt zu saulheim ( knightly canton of oberrhein ) , which was erected on 8 may 1987 .
potentially in response to this , john had created the order of the star - like edward iii and the creation of the order of the garter , john hoped to play on the concepts of knightly chivalry to bolster his prestige and authority .
the fortress then might have been sold into the ownership of diviš boubínský of újezd , who sold it to the knightly family of káb of rybňan sometime around 1530 .
he was of knightly family and one of the early travelling singers ( " minnesinger " ) common in this area .
they were called " ordensburgen " and they served as headquarters and training grounds for initiates into the knightly orders .
the reformed o.’.r.’.c.’. : c.’.b.’.c.’.s.’. is thus absolutely independent of masonic tradition , or any obedience that uses these knightly degrees or affiliations .
the knightly news " is a five - to - seven minute broadcasts consisting of attempts at humor , cursory reviews of recent sports scores , some sort of feature , and more poor ( and sometimes tasteless ) attempts at humor .
the type of engagement used by wallace was contrary to the contemporary views on chivalric warfare whereby strength of arms and knightly combat was espoused in the stead of tactical engagements and strategic use of terrain .
the livonian order was very similar to the teutonic knightly order .
at the start of the renaissance , cavalry were still predominantly lance armed ; gendarmes with the heavy knightly lance and lighter cavalry with a variety of lighter lances .
sir oswald hears this and sets brian under the knightly training of sir grot , a friend of edwin 's .
payn and 15 ' knightly followers ' determine to stay the night .
one part of the town was owned by knightly families , the rest belonged to the prince provost of ellwangen
those included the lands controlled by the piast princes , their rivals the great lay land owners and church entities , all the way down to the knightly class ; the work force ranged from hired " free " people , through serfs attached to the land , to slaves ( purchased or war and other prisoners ) .
which comes very close to the quality which lenin required from the knightly missionaries of his communist society . ”
this council ( all powerful since 1304 ) was made up of the representatives of certain knightly and rich mercantile families ( the patricians ) , who excluded the craftsmen from all share in the government , though it was to these last that the town was largely indebted for its rising wealth and importance .
in the 14th and partially in the 15th centuries the castle was the property of the knightly family of busewoy .
the drurys of suffolk were a prominent knightly family in medieval days with a total of eighteen knights , five of whom were sheriffs of norfolk and suffolk , and four knights of the shire .
the teutonic knightly order was founded in the late 12th century after the crusades in the middle east , most likely the third crusade .
in 1135 , roger gave the principality of capua to his son alfonso and the county of conversano to his brother - in - law robert , " a man in the flower of his youth , both affable and most active in knightly deeds " , according to alexander of telese .
the knightly officer who is in daily command of the grand master 's own regimental company , to which the " famigliari " ( closest personal staff ) belonged .
the later byzantine " kontarion " was used by the byzantine cataphracts single - handed couched under the armpit , not unlike the knightly lance .
the order of saint joachim was approved as a legitimate knightly order by the british royal college of arms , which was confirmed by the king 's warrant in 1802 , and granted nelson permission to accept and wear the honour .
persons so honoured are , however , officially prohibited from publicly employing the usual knightly accolade of " sir " or " dame " followed by their personal and family names , and the claim is made that the honour of knighthood or damehood is conferred without the queen or her governor general 's concession of any appellative accolade , thus avoiding the bestowal of any titular honour .
from the early 13th century , the barons of dienheim are witnessed , later , from the 16th to 18th century , being assigned to the rhenish knightly district ’s ( " rheinischer ritterkreis " ) canton of oberrheinstrom .
often lauded by elder danish historians as a knightly , social liberal upper - class idealist , gøye is today viewed as a realist statesman understanding the need of a government and a moderate political attitude of the nobility .
the knightly classes found their monopoly on arms and military skill undermined by the introduction of mercenary armies and foot soldiers .
he is perhaps the knightly embodiment of jesus in the arthurian legends .
edward dedicated the chapel at windsor castle to the soldier saint who represented the knightly values of chivalry which he so much admired , and the garter ceremony takes place there every year .
in the 2002 new year 's honours , she was also made a commander of the royal victorian order , and in the queen 's birthday honours in 2008 , she was upgraded to be a dame commander of the rvo , a knightly class .
the knights panther is one of the two largest and most important of the knightly orders in the empire .
great relic of a knightly race and rule ,
the battle opened with a confused cavalry fight on the french right , in which individual feats of knightly gallantry were more noticeable ( and better recorded in the chronicles ) than any attempt at combined action .
in this year , the abbey founded a benedictine convent and named it after the living knightly family von cruceburg , after whom the growing community of " kreuzburg " was then also named .
the poem may be satirizing knightly conventions such as the jousting tournament , or it may be mocking the country bumpkins who try to imitate these courtly rituals .
" vitéz " is a hungarian title given to members of the " knightly order of vitéz " , not a first or middle name . "
on september 11 , 1406 an association of nobles formed a knightly order known as the " sankt jörgenschild " ( order of st. george 's shield ) to oppose the rebellious commoners of the " bund " .
these struggles lead to the foundation of several knightly orders .
when this did not immediately induce the livonians , estonians , and baltic peoples in its hinterland to convert , a knightly order was formed , the livonian brothers of the sword , primarily consisting of low germans , to bring salvation to the pagans by force .
there he quickly ingratiates himself with the ruling class , the knightly order of qarar , and enmeshes the knights in a scheme to establish a lottery and peddle a perpetual motion machine that he pretends will enable the krishnans to catch up to the technologically superior terrans by supplying them with limitless power .
1230 - 1333 ) ongoing dispute in present - day germany between the house of nassau , several knightly families , and the landgrave of hesse .
the autonomous knightly estate of the barons of crailsheim passed with the act of the confederation of the rhine in 1806 to bavaria .
his wife assents but demands he return after a set period of time of one year , but he becomes so enthralled in his knightly exploits that he forgets his lady , and she bars him from returning .
as its name implies , it was intended for " jongleurs " ( not just trouvères ) and the bourgeoisie , not just the knightly class .
mieszko i of poland ( c. 935 – 25 may 992 ) utilized an elite knightly retinue from his army , which he depended upon for success in uniting the lekhitic tribes and preserving the unity of his state .
farther up the lenne lies frielentrop , an old knightly estate , now surrounded by an industrial park .
wadsley eventually became a manor under the control of the de wadsley family , they were a knightly family of some power in southern yorkshire .
in pre - republican germany all the knightly families of the holy roman empire ( sometimes distinguished by the prefix " von " ) eventually were recognised as of baronial rank , although " ritter " is the literal translation for " knight " , and persons who held that title enjoyed a distinct , but lower , rank in germany 's nobility than barons ( " freiherren " ) .
a lion he rescues from a serpent proves to be a loyal companion and a symbol of knightly virtue , and helps him complete his altruistic ventures .
while his knightly achievements may be debatable , there is no doubt of his impact on the history and politics of england , from his stalwart defence of the realm to his support of the magna carta .
in his early years he acquired a love of national customs and traditions which his humanist education never obliterated , while , in addition , he learnt to know the whole range of popular literature ( " litteratura de cordel " ) songs , comedies , knightly stories and fairy tales , which were then printed in loose sheets ( " folhas vol antes " ) and sold by the blind in the streets of the capital .
he redeemed himself only eight years later , when he was awarded the knightly insignia .
that tristan is not knightly represents a rejection of the norms of feudal society ; he allows himself to be guided by love and physical passion rather than chivalry .
noble hierarchies were further complicated by the creation of knightly orders — the " chevaliers du saint - esprit " ( knights of the holy spirit ) created by henry iii in 1578 ; the " ordre de saint - michel " created by louis xi in 1469 ; the " order of saint louis " created by louis xiv in 1696 — by official posts , and by positions in the royal house ( the great officers of the crown of france ) , such as " grand maître de la garde - robe " ( the grand master of the royal wardrobe , being the royal dresser ) or " grand panetier " ( royal bread server ) , which had long ceased to be actual functions and had become nominal and formal positions with their own privileges .
the group alternated these infrequent stage productions with appearances at the new york renaissance faire , where their primary attraction was a tournament of knightly skills culminating in a mounted jousting match .
silva followed this work with two others : " don florisel de niquea " ( sir florisel of nicaea ) ( 1532 ) – which deals with the knightly adventures and loves of first - born son of amadís de grecia and princess niquea – and " don rogel de grecia " ( sir rogel of greece ) ( 1535 ) .
having previously considered abandoning the senselessness of war in favour of his role of lover and having then sought to reconcile love and knightly conduct , he is now left with war as his only role .
also , there is the austrian mansion in the marquet square , built in stages from the 17th to the 19th century , the knightly hall dating from 1626 , and various historical patrician houses .
the city is also the headquarters of the knightly order of paladins .
johann vii of nassau - siegen ( " johann the intermediary " ) built in 1616 a knightly war school in the still standing old armoury on burgstraße .
the bretonnian lady of the lake is not worshipped outside bretonnia , except by some knightly expatriates .
( " the knightly quest of mervyn " )
the feud was named after the knightly house of dernbach , a powerful " ganerbschaft " ( jointly - owned inheritance ) with almost sovereign rights .
after they died out , the lordship was taken over by a knightly noble family who later named themselves “
since then , the order of the gold lion has served the empire as one of its most loyal knightly orders .
thirdly , there are four knightly orders of ithron , all of which serve the church of sidhe , the god of justice , to a greater or lesser degree .
although the name retains its scandinavian heritage , the danish axe became widely used throughout europe from 12th.-13th century , as axes gained acceptance as a knightly weapon , albeit not achieving the status of the sword .
the viking sword is a form of spatha , evolving out of the migration period sword in the 8th century , and evolving into the classical knightly sword in the 11th century with the emergence of larger crossguards .
" being beautiful in spirit " , according to some , is and was considered the highest of " knightly virtues " , and is said to be most akin to love for justice , and courage .
he and dame agatha christie were among the small number of married couples , each of whom held knightly honours in their own right .
the janneys considered sending her to bold ruler for her first season but she was sent to knightly manner instead , but failed to conceive .
courland : in 1318 ad king erik of denmark granted lands to johann hane " for knightly and praise worthy deeds " .
it is usually associated with ideals of knightly virtues , honor and courtly love .
later the members of knightly orders used rings , embroidred dragons and even garters as the symbol of their order .
raymond was also an opponent of knightly hastiludes ( his biographer calls them " trojan games ... [ a ] kind of gladiatorial contest [ for " mounted men " ] in which brawling , injury , and murder were commonplace " ) , which he sought to outlaw .
she has also received the knightly order of the brasov citadel from the transylvanian society of dracula .
knightly orders ( warhammer ) .
each of the knightly orders is led by a grandmaster .
up to 17 knightly families were resident in the village .
" whether this was the act of a king of scots or of an earl of huntingdon we are not told ; it was certainly the act of a man desperate for knightly arms , but that did not make it any more acceptable in scotland . "
priesendorf belonged to the barons münster at lisberg and was part of the knightly estate of lisberg .
the silent knight is a master of the knightly skills of tilting , horsemanship , hawking , fencing , archery and chivalry .
they are " noblesse immemoriale " , without ennoblement , predating 1351 , from when on nobles of non knightly origin were created in italy .
" vitéz " is a hungarian title given to members of the " knightly order of vitéz " , not a first or middle name . "
today , ingatestone hall is a beautiful and interesting house like all other large tudor houses an expression of wealth and status and still retains many of the features of a 16th century knightly residence , despite alterations by descendants who live in the house to this day .
the castle also offered a rental of his king hall , column hall and knightly hall , which is useful for organizing concerts , receptions , wedding ceremonies , etc .
conservative henry bell has been eased out of his job by condescending bruce tick , while wealthy and wildly eccentric karen knightly has been abandoned by her lover anthony staxton - billing , who opted to return to his wife imogen .
unsurprisingly , ferruç the lawyer argued the latter while massanet , probably of the knightly class , defended the private war .
from the time when roland was alive , and even before , never was seen a knight so skilled , so warlike , whose fame resounded so around the world — even if roland did come back , or if the world were searched as far as the river nile and the setting sun . ' there was a perception amongst his contemporaries and the next generation that his death in 1183 marked a decline both in the tournament and knightly endeavor .
the names of knightly " genealogiae " only came to be associated with heraldic devices later in the middle ages and in the early modern period .
the book presents matrimony as one possible way of validating the knightly order ; however , his example is fraught with complications that serve to undermine it as a viable option .
manuel personally took part in ' knightly ' tournaments in the western fashion ; his considerable prowess impressed western observers .
it seems reasonable to assume , at very least , that the accounts of these earlier knightly collars influenced the choice of design for the collar of the 1748 order .
he is the child of their father gahmuret 's first marriage to the moorish queen belacane , and equals his brother in knightly ability .
as knightly combat gave way to the cavalry , horses used in warfare required more endurance and agility .
the gothic art in 14th century was supported by culture of cities councils , preaching orders ( like franciscans ) , and knightly culture .
the knights of the blazing sun are the third largest and influential of the knightly orders in the empire .
nobody could become a knight if had no knightly lineage .
the town ’s knightly family called itself “
it is often stated that there were 350 knightly families in all three circles , owning around 1,500 estates ( c. 200 square miles ) , with a total population of 400,000 - 450,000 inhabitants .
king henry wrote to regent albany complaining of this " un - knightly " behaviour and warned that unless douglas returned the hostages would be dealt with at his pleasure .
he won many tournaments and came to serve as a model of knightly virtues .
the portuguese conquest of ceuta served larger purposes than simply winning knightly spurs for the sons of joão i ; their victory over the forces of islam rekindled dreams of a unified christendom that could subdue islam in a multi - pronged conflict .
belacane wo n't allow her husband to participate in tournaments , so he leaves one night and travels to spain to seek knightly combat in secret .
in 1372 and 1373 , the castle was a main stronghold under friedrich von herzberg of the " sternerbund " , a knightly order that in the last fourth of the 14th century was fighting against the growing power of the landgraves of hesse .
john lumley was born about 1533 , was grandson and heir of john , lord lumley , being son and heir of his only son and heir apparent george lumley ( who had been attainted in the lifetime of his father ) by jane second daughter and coheir of sir richard knightly of upton , northamptonshire .
among the elements which localize the narrative landscape , the collection of objects handled by the destitute prince throughout his quest is seen by bădărău as an essence of " archaic civilization " and " forgotten tradition " , culminating in the grant of a backsword , the " symbol of knightly valor . "
knightly religious orders were established , including the templars , the knights of st john and the teutonic order .
it was believed by the soldiers of jablonowski that this icon gave them victory and thus it came to be known as the " hetman , " " knightly , " or " victorious " icon of our lady .
in this period these arts were largely seen as reserved for the knighthood and the nobility – hence most of these treatises deal with the knightly weapons , such as the rondel dagger , longsword , spear , pollaxe and armoured fighting mounted and on foot .
the names of knightly " genealogiae " only came to be associated with heraldic devices later in the middle ages and in the early modern period .
mud - spattered and odorous , hunters are certainly not regarded as the most glamorous knightly order .
the children of the light bear resemblances to medieval religious knightly orders such as the knights templar or , more obviously , the teutonic order .
v. " organizes the " mittelalterliches spektakulum " , which over several days attracts many tourists , showmen and various " travelling folk " from all over europe , for which occasion , the spa gardens are turned into one great knightly encampment .
the knightly districts assigned nine , the noble families six , the towns five and stift cammin also five .
hyperbole and epic lists are other major features in this " chanson " : the poet takes care to mention every knightly name that would cause a rustle of recognition among his hearers , in a tradition as old as homer , with the result that the " chanson d'antioche " was taken as history by heralds and genealogists of a later generation .
the son of henri i de la ferté - senneterre , a minister from an old knightly family in the auvergne , henri ii was destined for a military career and fought for the first time under maurice of nassau , leader of the dutch revolt against spain .
the company lives by the creed , " soldier , statesman , knightly gentleman . "
the standard 56-card deck ( knightly deck ) of fifty six playing cards in use today includes fourteen ranks of each of the four french suits , clubs ( ) , diamonds ( ) , hearts ( ) and spades ( ) with reversible rouennais " court " or face cards ( however , some modern face card designs have done away with reversible figures ) , and is used especially in rook , hearts , spades and mighty card games .
bernard received an unusually good education and studied at the university of jena , but soon went to the court of the saxon elector to engage in knightly exercises .
the wrestler is the strong - man in popular culture ( in persian the term is " big neck " ) , but he is also the pahlavan , the knightly hero , who is a free - living spirit and is generous and loyal .
mr. pados most recently was the cinematographer on the internationally acclaimed film " the duchess " , starring keira knightly and ralph fiennes .
still , wealth alone is n't a guarantee of entry , as there are very strict and rigid guidelines concerning who may actually join the knightly order .
its name derived from the knightly shield ( in latin : " scutum " ) .
using language with elements of the medieval tales which were his models , morris tells the story of ralph of upmeads , the fourth and youngest son of a minor king , who sets out , contrary to his parents ' wishes , to find knightly adventure and seek the well at the world 's end , a magic well which will confer a near - immortality and strengthened destiny on those who drink from it .
regardless of the diverse written definitions of chivalry , the medieval knightly class was adept at the art of war , trained in fighting in armor , with horses , lances , swords and shields .
only " equites " ( members of the roman knightly order ) were eligible to serve as senior officers .
another common debate is whether , since knights bore arms , the ranks of knights were open to anyone who had the physical requirements and skills , or restricted to only those who were born into knightly families .
this powerful knightly family was called " the family of mars " .
bahra was assigned to the knightly manor ( " rittersgut " ) of langenhennersdorf in 1548 .
the b. knightly plan includes preserving the original architecture , the iconic smokestack and historic landmark status for the brewery .
emperor frederick iii of habsburg , by this time vogt of millstatt , had urged on this decision for the sake of his foundation of the knightly order of st. george to which he handed over the monastery and its estates on 14 may 1469 .
the name of his father is not known , but his mother 's name was alice and the family was from norfolk and was of knightly status .
wallop , was descended of a very ancient , rich , and knightly family , whose chief seat then was farleigh wallop , in the county of southamptonshire ; he was only son of sir henry wallop , by elizabeth , daughter and sole heir of robert corbet , of morton corbet , in shropshire .
it is where the comic victorian novel " three men in a boat " by jerome k. jerome begins ; cannons aimed against the martians in h. g. wells ' " the war of the worlds " are positioned on kingston hill ; in " the rainbow " by d. h. lawrence the youngest brangwen dreams of a job in kingston upon thames in a long , lyrical passage ; mr. knightly in " emma " by jane austen regularly visits kingston , although the narrative never follows him there .
historian robert holmes states : " the new knightly tactic of charging with the lance " couched " - tucked firmly under the arm to unite the impact of man and horse - proved a battle - winner . "
in 1962 , he was named general captain ( hungarian : " fõkapitány " ) of the the knightly order of vitéz , a role in which he continued to serve through 1977 .
the polish clan name and cry ritualized the " ius militare , " i.e. , the power to command an army ; and they had been used some time before 1244 to define knightly status ..
the counts of gützkow gave parts of their county in fee to the knightly families of behr , von horn and von heyden .
in reward for his knightly deeds , he was given , among other gifts , lew 's near relative as a wife , an estate in ruthenian territory , and by his descendants he became the forefather of the various families which use these arms in their seals .
( they could only marry if bertoldo obtained a dispensation from his vows as a member of a knightly monastic order — a course of action camiola can not approve . )
these tourneys test all facets of what the black bear perceive to be knightly skills and include such feats as swordplay , horsemanship , and of course , quaffing .
this typifies the classical knightly sword that developed during the age of the crusades .
manuel personally took part in ' knightly ' tournaments in the western fashion , where his considerable prowess impressed western observers .
gunpowder blew up the knightly class , the compass discovered the world market and founded the colonies , and the printing press was the instrument of protestantism and the regeneration of science in general ; the most powerful lever for creating the intellectual prerequisites . "
the gothic art in 14th century was supported by culture of cities councils , preaching orders ( like franciscans ) , and knightly culture .
the ailette ( french language for " little wing " ) was a component of thirteenth century knightly armour .
there are also successor buildings of the knightly estate of vultejus .
influences of gothic art in 14th century are supported by culture of urban cities , preaching orders , and knightly culture .
breunor successfully wins the joust , but the other five knights attack him in an un - knightly manner , and take him and the damsel into the castle as prisoners .
knighthood in knightly orders has generally not been counted as nobility in itself in the modern finnish system .
alluding to a famous satire in which horace ’s poetic model , lucilius , described a trip to his knightly estates near tarentum , this satire offers a comic self - portrait of horace as an insignificant member in the retinue of his powerful friend maecenas when the latter negotiated one last truce between antony and octavian , the peace of brundisium ( 36 bce ) .
the poem is one of the earliest german romances of knightly adventure , and its vivid picture of feudal manners gives it a certain value as a historical document .
napoleon also established a new knightly order in 1802 , the légion d'honneur , which is still in existence today .
after a big brawl in which sir able is nearly killed , he accepts a knightly quest to hold a pass against all comers till the snow closes it .
there had been no arrangement for parade control , and the knightly gridlock took hours longer to unfold than had been planned .
this is polish nobility coat of arms as well as knightly " arma baronum regni polonie " coat of arms .
one of the film 's central themes is bowen 's devotion to knightly ideals , and his disillusionment when his pupil becomes a tyrant , followed by his revival of the chivalric spirit when confronted by the spirits of arthur and his knights .
silva followed this work with another – " don florisel de niquea " ( sir florisel of nicaea ) ( 1532 ) – which deals with the knightly adventures and loves of first - born son of amadís de grecia and princess niquea , and with the later " don rogel de grecia " ( sir rogel of greece ) ( 1535 ) .
military order of st. hubert , sometimes called the knightly order of st. hubert , or , in german " sankt hubertus orden " or , sometimes " orden des heiligen hubertus " , was a princely confraternal order founded in 1444 or 1445 by gerhard v , duke of jülich and count of ravensberg , to commemorate his military victory on 3 november , which is saint hubert 's day , over the house of egmond .
gareth uses deceit to achieve his aims ; while behavior like this may be praised by a cunning hero like odysseus , it does not seem to mesh with the notion of knightly virtue .
of knightly extraction , has proofs of its nobility going back as far as 1265 .
the church of mystra sponsors a knightly order of paladins , the knights of the mystic fire , who are granted their spells by mystra .
tranquil you lie , your knightly virtue proved ,
ormsby also refutes , in addition , the commonly held view that don quixote is an innately noble person , stating that his nobility of character is an attitude that he assumes simply to imitate his knightly heroes .
many mercenary companies and knightly fighting orders of crusaders also avail themselves of a connection to the church .
walton was of very ancient , and knightly family of great staughton , in huntingdonshire .
presuming a foundation date of 1099 for the order of the hospital ( now the sovereign military order of malta ) , the order of saint lazarus is arguably the oldest surviving of the medieval military - religious knightly orders .
he also shows loyalty to the knightly code of conduct by never taking unfair advantage of an opponent .
the archbishop 's murderers finally gained their audience with the pope , who , despite their penitence , decreed they should be exiled and fight " in knightly arms in the temple for 14 years " in jerusalem , and after the given time return to rome .
a grand feast was held in the castle and a great knightly tournament outside was arranged .
