samuel was baptised at st editha 's on 24 december 1815 and before enlistment in 1831 worked as an agricultural labourer .
she was discovered by a farm labourer , sydney burton , at 06:45 next morning .
this greatly damaged the labourer ’s movement as soon nobody knew which organisation they belonged to .
arlene is a thrice - divorced waitress with two children who , over the course of the season , becomes engaged to rene lenier , played by michael raymond - james , a cajun labourer who works on a road crew .
lillenas worked as a farm labourer most of the year , but during winter he concentrated on his studies .
after retiring from military service , li worked in nilka county in xinjiang as as a labourer in the grains department .
the film portrays a tragic love story set in late 1930s ireland , focusing on the relationship between fiona flynn ( moya farrelly ) , a beautiful , feisty seventeen - year - old from a middle class family , and kieran o'dea ( aidan quinn ) , a shy labourer in his early thirties , and the search decades later by their son , kieran johnson , ( james caan ) to find his roots in late 1990s ireland .
harris obtained so strange an ascendancy over oliphant that the latter left parliament in 1868 , followed him to brocton , and lived there the life of a farm labourer , in obedience to the imperious will of his spiritual guide .
the novel may have been inspired by the story of robert blincoe , an orphan whose account of his hardships as a child labourer in a cotton mill was widely read in the 1830s .
born in aachen , andré was a manual labourer 's son .
between 1959 and 1961 he was excluded from the university by the communist authorities for political reasons , and worked as an unskilled labourer in this period .
after the annexation of lithuania by the soviet union , he worked as a labourer .
being accepted into class iii could mean keeping one 's property , but it might also mean being sent to the reich as a labourer or being conscripted into the wehrmacht .
on 28 january 2009 , the police in punjab arrested a labourer and four students for blasphemy .
labourer - teachers .
ole lysø ( born 29 april 1940 ) is a norwegian labourer , trade unionist and politician for the labour party .
ruck left school after grade 10 and worked as a labourer in sydney and then as a porter on the canadian national railway from 1945 - 1958 .
he went on to work in tasmania , south australia and victoria as a labourer and later , a waiter .
like burke , he emigrated to scotland and worked as a union canal labourer .
horne arrived in british columbia as a labourer in 1851 aboard the immigrant ship " tory " and was in charge of the company store in nanaimo when , in 1862 , the company sold out .
the major characters are caris , ambitious daughter of the city alderman ; ralph , son of a disgraced knight ; merthin , ralph 's clever older brother ; and gwenda , starving daughter of a poor landless labourer .
he worked as a labourer , photographer and telegrapher .
a good straw weaver could make as much as a field labourer .
the " temple " featured a huge " celestial bed " fitted with early electrical devices , which was alleged to cure infertility , and was let to desperate and wealthy couples for £ 50 a night ( about two years wages for a labourer ) .
it was during subsequent travels in europe , according to wallscourt , that he was first impressed by " some of the theories , then much debated , for lifting the labourer into the position of partner with the capitalist . "
although gås - anders made his living by working as a day labourer at the farms around björklige , he was known as a poor worker who usually brought his fiddle with him and played rather than worked .
the black diamond " ( 1921 ) tells the story of a labourer working on the aqueduct in the region around knighton , while " the house under the water " ( 1932 ) deals at length with the construction of the reservoirs themselves .
kenneth mackenzie , a labourer on the estate , was a reputed seer who made a number of prophecies in the later 17th century .
the labourer is worthy of his hire
in 1912 , " anti - socialist " changed to " christian labourer 's daily " .
many hondurans believe the statue was miraculously discovered in late - january or early - february 1747 by a labourer , alejandro colindres . colindres and
born on the outskirts of vologda in russia , blessed john , fool for christ , wonderworker of moscow , spent his youth as a labourer in a local saltworks and as a water - carrier .
from 1957–1959 he spent time in prison for political reasons and had to work as a labourer between 1959–1963 .
he also spent some time as a labourer on the building sites in london .
feb 14 , 2008 — a nepali labourer tika ram balwari son of tuya narayan was killed after a boulder hit him in at uri varmul , presumably on the kashmir rail project for hcc .
he was released in 1944 and survived the remainder of the war as a forced labourer .
in 1859 he was working as a labourer for john seabrook , and in 1863 he accompanied henry maxwell lefroy on an exploring expedition to the east of york .
his father baburao hazare was an unskilled labourer and his grandfather worked for the army .
at age 20 he moved to western australia and until he was 26 he worked as a builder 's labourer and as a gardener and played football for wafl clubs claremont and subiaco .
rivera worked as a field labourer until 1956 ; at this point he was enrolled in junior college and the school would not permit him to miss class .
the year 1593 saw the decline of the league across france , and in paris two important literary works were published - the satire menippee and the dialogue d'entre le maheustre et le manant ( the courtier and the labourer ) - which satirised and analysed the events of the time .
sarah first appeared on the stage in ballet at the kings theatre , london ; she acted clara in " luke the labourer " at the caledonian theatre , edinburgh , 3 february 1827 ; zephyr in " oberon " at the same theatre , 26 august 1827 ; danced at covent garden theatre 1830 - 35 and 1837 - 43 ; danced at surrey theatre , 1832 - 34 ; columbine in pantomime of " valkyrie " , 26 december 1832 ; acted and danced at drury lane theatre , january 1836 to 1837 ; columbine in pantomime of " harlequin and old gammer gurton " , 26 december 1836 ; played margaret in " much ado about nothing " at drury lane , 24 february 1843 ; member of lyceum theatre company , 8 april 1844 to 11 june 1847 and 18 october 1847 ; acted transimenus in planche 's " the golden branch " , 3 january 1848 ; and was ' considered the most lovely woman of her time .
the fines were established at 1"s " for a servant , labourer , common soldier or seaman , and 2"s " for any other person ; a second offence was to be fined at double the rate , and a third or later offence at treble .
pokonzie was a city employee and labourer in calgary , alberta in the early 1980s .
on 20 november 2003 , the police arrested anwar masih , a day labourer , a christian , a married father of four ( at that time ) , a resident of shahdara , a town next to lahore .
about the circumstances of his original appointment , rev. rhenius wrote at length : when my fellow - labourer [ schnarre ] and i were sent out to india , now twentyone years ago , no question was ever put to us on the subject of conformity to the church of england nor have i received a single application from the society to conform .
watters was a miner and labourer from prestonpans , east lothian , born on 26th september 1904 who fought in the spanish civil war .
her uncle , gf bradby , was the author of " the lanchester tradition " ( 1919 ) , while her aunt barbara bradby was the joint author of " the village labourer " ( 1911 ) .
from the age of 13 he worked on farms as a labourer .
he spent time unemployed and working as a manual labourer .
some say she was an anglo - indian ; according to others , she was a scheduled caste labourer from thycaud .
they insisted on the right of the labourer to a living wage .
he comes to this conclusion in book viii of de architectura after empirical observation of the apparent labourer illnesses in the plumbum foundries of his time .
he finds geordie hamilton , and employs him as his batman ; he runs into launcelot wake , working as a support labourer behind the lines ; he sees several adverts in english and german newspapers , which he suspects may be some kind of coded communication .
he and his family migrated to australia in 1958 , where he worked as a labourer for several years before attending the national gallery school in melbourne .
thomas brought an unusually broad knowledge of life into his judicial career commencing his education at a public school windsor state school and being a former builder 's labourer .
this does not imply that the product reflects the labourer ’s needs in any way , but he produces it by processes alien to him .
stan dallas was born on 30 july 1891 at mount stanley station outside esk , queensland , to labourer peter macarthur dallas and his wife honora .
the first burial at the site was of surveyor 's labourer james campbell , buried on october 29 , 1846 , over a year before the settlement of dunedin was founded in 1848 .
he was paid a bonus for each labourer landed alive .
stacey worked as a gold miner , farm labourer , timber miller and contractor prior to his election as mayor of st peters in 1928 , serving in that position until 1932 .
the labourer explains that he and his wife work very hard , waste nothing and never fight .
an appeal was made to all chinese workmen in perak to subscribe to the building fund by a contribution of $ 3 per labourer in order to collect a total sum of $ 250,000 - $ 150,000 for the assembly hall and $ 100,000 for the adjacent school building .
he was deported to mauthausen as a forced labourer , where he met the architect ludovico belgiojoso who later invited him to join his practice in milan .
mark left school when he was 16 , his first job was working in a factory as a labourer .
his parents were patrick fitzgerald ( 1831- ) , a labourer from south tipperary , and mary anne scollard ( 1847- ) from castleisland , county kerry .
he calls himself a day labourer , but will work for nobody and busies himself merely with gathering horse dung in the streets , where he can be an idler .
in 1849 anthony rolfe , an english farm labourer , arrived in australia from oxborough , norfolk , england with his wife and five children .
his first employment was as a labourer in north shore area of sydney .
ong chin hock left school in primary three , and began working as an odd job labourer , a hawker assistant , and a construction worker until his enlistment for national service in the army .
a master might be fined or a labourer imprisoned , and if contumacious , whipped , for breach of this rule .
some things seem very cheap , as when the royal arms were painted and erected for two pounds three shillings and eight pence , and some very expensive , as when the book containing the new communion service of 1662 , was purchased at a cost of twelve shillings , at a time when a labourer 's weekly wage would not be much above half a crown .
" every penny bestowed , that tends to render the condition of the pauper more eligible than that of the independent labourer , is a bounty on indolence and vice . "
even while she lies dying in the next room , saccard - in a brilliantly written scene of breathtaking callousness - is already making arrangements to marry a rich country girl , renée , who is pregnant with the child of a local labourer and whose family wishes to avoid any scandal by offering a huge dowry to any man who will marry her and claim the baby as his own .
the story is about a bonded labourer who is forced to steal for his landlord , to whom he is bonded until death .
he was born in adanac , saskatchewan , and worked as a labourer and a union activist before entering municipal politics in capreol , ontario .
so even if the capitalist pays the worker higher wages than he himself incurs ( from his profits made off the labourer 's efforts ) , he still controls the terms of the worker 's production .
the weekly " thozhilali " ( labourer ) that he started later grew into a daily newspaper .
sometimes the sharefarmer will receive a wage from the owner instead , although such a person is normally considered a tenant farmer or farm labourer .
mccall 's father was a labourer .
newland was born in the geelong suburb of highton , victoria , on 22 august 1881 to william newland , a labourer , and his wife louisa jane ( née wall ) .
as a young man around 1820 he was engaged as a labourer building thomas telford 's road from london to holyhead ( now known as the a5 ) , and was heard by his fellow workers preaching on religious matters as he walked to work .
kassim is forced to work as a labourer .
this could include running / walking up and down stairs or if your a labourer , all of the hard labour you undertake .
in the early smocks the colours were meant to be impermanent and wash out , leaving the garment looking like a typical french artisan or labourer ’s chemise , and thus , hopefully , aiding the wearer 's " escape and evasion " chances .
from 1943 , she worked as a railroad employee and managed to avoid being deported to germany as a forced labourer .
examples from other countries include pierre bérégovoy who started working at the age of 16 as a metal worker and later became prime minister of france , ramsay macdonald the illegitimate son of a farm labourer and a housemaid who became prime minister of the united kingdom , and sir joseph cook , an englishman who had no schooling and worked as a coal miner at the age of nine and went on to become prime minister of australia .
sohan singh soon found work as a labourer in a timber mill being constructed near the city .
( there is no evidence that she lived at any time in soho , sharing a room with a labourer who used the room by day which she used by night , as diana napier tauber claimed . ) in 1959 she met vassia myronovsky and moved into his house in the hammersmith district of london , where she stayed until her death of cancer of the lung in july 1972 .
it has a collar with a trailing chain , suggesting it may have been a former labourer , and is undisciplined enough to attack some of its own allies in the fight .
among the men who wrote about hitler 's residence in the dormitory were reinhold hanisch , a vagabond and part - time labourer who died in prison in 1937 under unclear circumstances and whose recollections were published in " the new republic " in 1939 ; one karl honisch who wrote a report for the nazi party archives in 1938 ; josef greiner , a worker who published slim memoirs in 1938 and 1947 ; and an anonymous man who wrote reports that appeared in czech newspapers in the 1930s .
the village sign depicts a labourer honing his scythe .
in " the worker " ( atv / itv ) he played a perpetually unemployed labourer who , in every episode , was dispatched to a new job by the ever - frustrated mr. pugh ( henry mcgee ) at the local labour exchange .
james joined his father and brother working as a labourer and then as a manure carter with edinburgh corporation , on a strictly temporary and casual basis .
he continued to work as a casual farm labourer , combining fencing , hedging , ditching and harvesting with his new career as a singer .
he left school at the age of 15 in december 1956 and began work as a farm labourer .
although disguised as a peasant , he was nevertheless recognised by a farm labourer known only as wayne .
he was a child labourer , looking for work among neighbouring farms .
his father was walter william maumill ( wharf labourer ) and his mother elsie ( barmaid ) ( dec . )
traditionally on building sites , prior to the use of mechanical mixers , the lime putty ( slaked on site in a pit ) was mixed with sand by a labourer who would " beat and ram " the mix with a " larry " ( a wide hoe with large holes ) .
workforce productivity is the amount of goods and services that a labourer produces in a given amount of time .
ackerley was a " twank , " a term used by sailors and guardsmen to describe a man who paid for their sexual services , and he describes in detail the ritual of picking up and entertaining a young guardsman , sailor or labourer .
he came to fiji as an indentured labourer in 1889 and through his own hard work became a successful farmer .
john edward fletcher was born in the industrial city of bradford in yorkshire to a labourer / soldier father and a millworker mother .
when paul decided to take on some freelance work , he employed trevor as a builder 's aid , although he was more of a liability than a labourer and made many disastrous mistakes .
doriot moved to saint denis , near paris , at an early age and became a labourer .
what national attention he attracted was instead from a series of letters to " the times " on the wiltshire agricultural labourer , published in november 1872 .
it became clear to ravi that a poor labourer earning less than a dollar a day lived in darkness , not because s / he ca n't afford the energy bill , but because they ca n't afford to pay a large bribe of a months wage , to get the connection .
they were joined by a strong labour party candidate , george edwards , a former agricultural labourer who had founded the national union of land workers , and who had polled around a third of the vote as the only other candidate in the 1918 general election .
after being awarded an llb ( hons ) in 1972 at exeter university , england , he worked as a bus conductor in exeter , devon , for a year before moving to london where he worked firstly as a labourer building the piccadilly line extension to heathrow and then as an accountant at luzac & co , oriental booksellers .
after finishing his secondary schooling , he began working as a labourer .
he found work in a bakery , then as a labourer , and relocated to hamilton , ontario with starkman in 1916 .
working and living conditions for the average sailor in the royal navy in the 18th century were harsh by modern standards and generally much worse than conditions on british merchant ships ; their pay was around half that paid by merchantmen and was lower than that paid to a farm labourer .
bela " bill " trebics was a wallaceburg labourer and an instructor on workplace health and safety issues for his union , uaw local 251 .
popham served as a consultant and labourer on several vineyards in saanich .
he was born in the st. mary 's area of southampton , the son of dock labourer from jersey in the channel islands .
zlatka reljić ( ) ( born krupanj , kingdom of yugoslavia , 1929 , died in šabac , serbia , august 10 , 2007 ) was a serbian communist and humanitarian labourer .
at the bottom of the pyramid were ' paupers ' : impoverished peasants , many of whom tried their luck in a city as a beggar or day labourer .
inscriptions : a 4.4 cm x 5.7 cm lime stone slab bearing six lines in prakrit in brahmi script , discovered accidentally by a day labourer in 1931 was an important find .
” the film was significantly funded out of the filmmakers’ own pockets : abbess worked as a building labourer , a removalist , at a call centre , and as a truck driver at the docks in order to raise the money to produce " gabriel " .
after being temporarily held in a former concentration camp he was transferred to england in 1946 , working as a forced labourer .
a 1989 graduate of chilton county high school , alexander spent two years working as a construction labourer before joining the military as desert storm began .
at the time the only water supply in the village was foul and brackish , and having heard of the miracle that becket was said to have performed at nearby northampton , the farm labourer pleaded with becket to repeat the performance .
the son of a labourer at hallinan ’s flour mills in the town , twomey went to work there at the age of 14 .
shankar does not enter to win money or fame for himself , but only to win the money so that some other labourer can marry off his daughter .
he was employed for the next dozen years laying tracks for british railways , and , afterwards , as a building labourer for the glasgow corporation .
borremans was a labourer and communist member of parliament .
collins was born 12 may 1859 on a fairground in chester , one of 5 children of john collins an agricultural labourer of irish descent .
he was in possession of forged documents declaring him to be stateless and of having worked throughout the war as a farm labourer , but knew the russians suspected him of having served in the wehrmacht as a sniper .
his wife and son were taken to one side , joining a queue of women , and greenman was sent in a different direction , one of 50 men selected to be a labourer .
educated at a local poor law school , crooks worked initially as a grocer 's errand boy , then a blacksmith 's labourer and then as an apprentice cooper .
their women folk engage in coconut palm leaf platting , rope making and also work as agricultural labourer .
having left aylesbury grammar school at 17 he attended university - he drifted through various jobs including a labourer , mortuary technician , artist 's model and theatrical agency assistant - he finally became an actor with the red ladder company in leeds and appeared as a mummy in the film " the mummy " .
" who wrote this letter ? " the master asked the woman in astonishment ; and the red - headed young labourer was brought before him ; questioned , and thereupon set to teach the children of the house ...
at first the compulsory surrender of an acre of choice land to each labourer who claimed it was resisted by the new land owning farmers .
after leaving the army , he returned to school , studying sociology at london school of economics and political science while supporting himself as a driver and labourer .
the output of an individual labourer increased dramatically , with the effect that the new machines were seen as a threat to employment , and early innovators were attacked and their inventions destroyed .
her legitimate son from her short marriage to her late husband , a labourer named rougon who worked on dide 's land , is forced to grow up alongside two illegitimate children — a boy and a girl — from dide 's later romance with the smuggler , poacher and alcoholic macquart , while the ageing dide slides further and further into a state of mental illness and borderline senile dementia .
born in hereford street , kemptown , brighton , sussex as thomas henry sargent on the 21st of november , 1894 , the second son of james sargent , a labourer and alice ( née west ) , a flower seller .
returning to the family farm in disgrace , he was reduced to working as a labourer for his father , enduring this for ten years before finally leaving home in 1772 to become ordained as an anglican priest at the age of 25 .
in this state of things , the whole produce of labour does not always belong to the labourer .
albert victor hilton , baron hilton of upton , jp ( 14 february 1908 – 3 may 1977 ) was a british farm labourer and trade union official who became a labour party member of parliament and later life peer .
east india company officers first became aware of the impending trouble over the cartridges in january , when they received reports of an altercation between a high - caste sepoy and a low - caste labourer at dum dum .
the character of paul was regularly used for comic effect in conjunction with his dim - witted sidekick trevor short , who paul compassionately employed as a labourer .
he also received a golden lion for lifetime achievement at the venice film festival in 1995 , and the golden globe award for his performance as an italian labourer stranded in sweden in " to bed or not to bed . "
he worked as an agricultural labourer near werribee and from 1912 to 1915 as a fitter in melbourne .
because of the low wage at américa mineiro , he was forced to quit football to take various jobs as a labourer , a carpenter , and a worker in a sweet factory .
he did n’t go to school and from an early age was working as an agricultural labourer .
the story takes place in bourke , and concerns the burial of an anonymous union labourer , who had drowned the previous day " while trying to swim some horses across a billabong of the darling .
back in britain , he began his working life as a farm labourer in south eastern england and then ran a mobile disco before moving to london where he started in advertising as a messenger boy and worked his way up to creative director .
she was born te kumeroa ngoingoi ngāwai on 29 december 1921 at tokomaru bay , on new zealand 's east coast , the eldest of five children of hori ngāwai , a labourer and minister in the ringatū faith from the te whānau - a - ruataupare hapū of the ngāti porou iwi of tokomaru bay , and his wife wikitoria te karu of ngāti koi in the hauraki region .
her father worked as a labourer during the week and in the markets on the weekend , while her mother was a housewife .
later on october 28 , 2008 a labourer from uttar pradesh was lynched in a mumbai commuter train .
in 1950 , guttuso joined the project of the verzocchi collection ( in the civic pinacoteca of forlì ) , sending , a self - portrait , and the work " sicilian labourer " .
he then ran a printing company before returning to the university , again part - time while working as a gardener , builders ' labourer and railway porter , and tutoring english at the university .
" main occupations : agriculture 59.46% , agricultural laborer 16.7% , wage labourer 1.47% , commerce 7.78% , transport 1.54% , service 5.23% , others 7.82% .
dashrath manjhi was born in 1934 into a poor labourer 's family in gahlour village near gaya in bihar .
her father was an alcoholic who had to stop his work as a shoemaker and eventually became a mill labourer .
they lived in glasgow 's east end on his father 's wages as a gasworks labourer .
before entering politics , germa was a labourer and union organizer in sudbury .
the father worked as a farm labourer for d. c. mcconnel of cressbrook .
villeinage was much preferable to being a vagabond , a slave , or an unlanded labourer .
early on in his career castillo began to collaborate musically with victor jara on many of his albums and they jointly composed a song that would go on to become one of victor jara ’s most famous songs " plegaria a un labrador " ( prayer to a labourer ) .
citing waning interest , ablett dropped out of high school at the age of 15 to become a bricklayer 's labourer .
a headhunter may entice the prospective labourer with promises of a work permit , and often requires a large fee from the prospective immigrant .
taylor believed the labourer was worthy of his hire , and pay was linked to productivity .
the common thread ( enacted in different ways , and subject to the constraints of various systems of national law ) is the principle that an enterprise or association should be owned and controlled by the people it serves , and share any surpluses on the basis of each members ' cooperative contribution ( as a producer , labourer or consumer ) rather than their capacity to invest financial capital .
the intake of pupils in the 1930s was a very broad cross section of the wiltshire farming community , from farm labourer 's children to those of very well heeled gentlemen farmers .
by this time , jesson - who never had much of a steady career , working variously as labourer , wool presser , baker , dustman and freezing worker - was living with his wife joce ( jocelyn née brown ) , an educationist and tutor / lecturer , and worked as a househusband as well as pursuing his writing .
the pamphlet tells of a farmer who , refusing to pay the price demanded by a labourer to mow his field , swore that he would rather that the devil mowed it instead .
he worked as a labourer and railway guard before enlisting in the australian imperial force as a private in april 1916 .
more recently , frontier college has sent labourer - teachers to work in penitentiaries and farming communities .
harvey slocum is an american construction expert who started out as a labourer in a steel mill and rose to the position of construction superintendent of the grand coulee dam .
in 1904 he relocated to the united states and began working as a mine labourer in .
vacation employment as builder 's labourer , barman , exam supervisor and gardener ;
he went instead to work as a labourer in trnava , and continued his studies at home , learning english and russian .
he joined the betar work group in hadera , and worked as an agricultural labourer until 1939 .
cross was born at leyland , lancashire , the son of william cross a general labourer and his wife alice .
the poverty of his parents now obliged him to labour for his living , and until 1808 he worked as farm labourer , horse driver , and quarryman , obtaining , however , at intervals a small amount of education and improving his mind by private study .
he worked as a farm labourer until moving to elkhorn in 1900 where he became buyer for the lake of the woods milling company elevator .
later , a reporter used a spitsbergen dog , with the permission of the police and the help of a labourer , to find a left leg cut above the knee that was buried near the construction site .
her father emigrated to canada to work as a farm labourer .
instead , the labourer was required to pay back the principal amount only if he wished to free himself permanently from his bond to the landlord and seek employment elsewhere .
the regatta 's rules on amateurism excluded anyone ' ... who is or ever has been ... by trade or employment for wages a mechanic , artisan or labourer . ' .
however , it is rather satisfactory compared with that of an farm labourer which can be as little as twenty - five pounds a year including extra work at harvest time .
he was working as a builders’ labourer in southend when he died in 1949 .
people 's party dissolved soon , and lyuh later formed socialist labourer 's party .
then , on october 19 , 1944 , he was transported to auschwitz concentration camp , where he was processed and spent a number of days and then was moved to türkheim , another nazi concentration camp affiliated with dachau , where he arrived the 25th of october 1944 , and was to spend 7 months working as a slave - labourer .
malcolm maccoll ( c. 1838-april 5 , 1907 ) , british clergyman and publicist , was the son of a poor scottish crofter or labourer in glenfinnan who died when his son was still a boy .
this enhances the formation and size of gaps between the capitalist and the labourer , and gives power to those who are wealthy .
the practice is ostensibly one of a free and legal exchange , whereby an employer would offer something of value ( typically goods , food , or housing ) in exchange for labour , with the result being the same as if the labourer had been paid money and then spent the money on these necessities .
as had been the case within the ashkenazi ( central and east european jewish ) cultural environment , mizrahim bore names that related to their trades and occupations , such as albaz ( also elbaz , elvas meaning falconer ) , aboutboul ( abitbol , botbol all meaning drummer , drum maker , or seller ) , hayek and khayat ( which both mean tailor ) , hakim ( physician , or sage ) , naggar ( carpenter ) , sabbagh ( dyer of cloth ) , sabban ( soap maker ) , sannoua ( labourer ) , sarrouf or " assaraf " ( money changer ) , shenhav ( also chenhav , shenhavy , chenhavy ) all referring to ivory and mean ivory craftsman or trader .
there he worked as a farm labourer .
born in tichborne , new south wales , he received a primary education before becoming a farm labourer and then a farmer .
on either side of the labourer are mounds of people bound together along a swerving rope .
while at clunes henry edward , like his father , worked as a miner , labourer and brick - maker .
in october 1884 he migrated to australia , and worked as a labourer , bush worker and cook .
the prospects offered by the act of radically overhauling the socio - economic distribution of political power in the countryside was not lost on the labourer movement .
another factor is the values of the employer ; while some employers may believe that an employee should have a " second chance " , other employers may have no tolerance for convicted individuals in their company , even if the employee has very little responsibility , as in the case of a manual labourer .
( a labourer would have earned 6d . a day ) .
john allen apparently began working at the mine at the age of twelve , initially cleaning flues , and probably later becoming a labourer in the cope gang led by his eldest brother james .
to them , pinang xi shi looks more like a child labourer exploited by the owner of the pinang shop or by her own family .
his father was a roman catholic yeoman , who had his lands sequestered for supporting the jacobite rising in 1745 and afterwards he had to work as a labourer .
the story of an unemployed labourer winning a gold medal for britain at the olympics had led to the finnegans being inundated with small donations of money from well - wishers in the uk .
the son of a farmer and woodsman , he went to work as a casual labourer at the docks in petrograd .
scott anthony rush ( born december 3 , 1985 ) is an australian former labourer , noteworthy for having been convicted in indonesia of drug - trafficking .
he was a manual labourer , mostly working in the port of riga and writing in his free time .
ralph gets caught sniffing a labourer 's dungarees which were left hanging on a nail .
om prakash gurjar ( born 3 july 1992 ) is a former child labourer from rajasthan who won the international children 's peace prize for 2006 .
holtermann knudsen also had to establish his own printing press since the existing printing presses did not want to be affiliated with a labourer 's newspaper .
kim has worked as a labourer for paul robinson , but resigned the same day , before taking on a job at scarlet bar , from which he was fired for " taking too many liberties " .
census returns may contain some embellishment ; e.g. , from labourer to mason , or from journeyman to master craftsman .
on 22 may 1825 james brown sr . , a farm labourer , and his wife mary ( née hope ) left leith , scotland to start a new life in argentina .
he was born in sneinton , nottingham , where his father was a labourer and his mother a machinist in nottingham 's lace market .
barnes was educated at a local primary school but left to obtain work as a farm labourer , shearer , miner and general bush worker ; his father had died when the boy was six .
he attended thames high school , opotiki district high school and then the māori agriculture college in the hawkes bay before he moved to auckland where he worked as a labourer and a clerk .
then he finished a college with profession " joiner - cabinetmaker " , worked as unskilled labourer in museum of literature , was a guard at the cottage of pasternak , offered private lessons of history .
valentine was described as a farm labourer from nottingham , five foot seven inches tall with a florid complexion , dark brown hair and dark grey eyes .
when we compare the efficiency of a labourer , we see that he has an efficiency of about 1%-5,5% ( depending on whether he uses arms , or a combination of arms and legs ) .
but isak has little depth of character and comes across as more of an icon of the long - suffering , industrious , pioneering labourer .
she worked as a farm labourer , then as a propaganda worker for the chinese army and a stage actor for chengdu military drama group .
at twenty he worked as an office clerk and a builder 's labourer , and lived in london for a year before spending four years travelling around spain and the mediterranean .
afterwards , he returned to the co - op , then worked as , among other things , a lorry driver , a labourer , an artist 's model for the edinburgh college of art , and a coffin polisher .
she worked as a jewish forced - labourer with him in a war plant in berlin .
mclevy later moved to edinburgh , scotland , and became a builder 's labourer before joining the police force .
according to his obituary in " the times " of february 4 1958 he worked as a manual labourer during the late 1930s , and because of his role in the second world war he was made an mbe in 1945 .
ernie , the future son - in - law , upon learning that sheppey is to be lifted from the status of a mere labourer , feels this will change the appearance of the girl he is about to marry and thereby allow him to run for parliament and who knows , maybe become prime minister of the united kingdom one day .
pieter de rudder was a farm labourer , born jabbeke july 2 , 1822 , died march 22 , 1898 .
poor exiles received a daily allowance of 10 drachmai ( a quarter of an agricultural labourer ’s salary ) for food and lodging ; exiles deemed “ prosperous ” received nothing .
paul would despair over trevor 's ineptitude , but although trevor was more of a liability than a labourer , paul remained his loyal defender and persisted in helping him out and taking responsibility for his errors .
born in middle swan , western australia , he was educated at state schools before becoming a labourer and railwayman , as well as an official with the australian railways union .
the epic begins with meghann " meggie " cleary , a four - year - old girl living in new zealand in the early twentieth century , the only daughter of paddy , an irish farm labourer , and fee , his harassed but aristocratic - looking wife .
in 1983 , when the factory performance made news in shanghai by making a record profit of 1.4 million yuan , he was declared a model labourer , and " commando of the new long march " .
nisse have the same labourer image as dwarves , and they lived in burial mounds .
mac cumhaigh eked out a living as a spáilpín , or travelling labourer .
there she met the hen , who was the labourer 's wife .
martin was the friend , adviser , and co- labourer of the eminent canadian historical writer , j. viger . "
he travelled to england to work as an unskilled labourer .
for context , the average weekly wage of an agricultural labourer was around 9 shillings , which would mean an annual income of about £ 23 for an able - bodied man working throughout the year .
alien needs drive the labourer to work for his only goal , which is the satisfaction of his subsistence needs , to guarantee mere existence .
arriving in melbourne , he enrolled at the victorian school of fine arts national gallery school under a. summer and william dargie and studied while he was working as a manual labourer .
the court punishes him by sentencing him to work as an indentured labourer for seven years in mauritius .
what right had the government , he asked , to tax the agricultural labourer , who had only 35s . a week , and when he retired go no pension , in order to give a pension of over £ 2 a week to a man who had a wage of 88s . a week ?
in 1865 a labourer found two wafer - thin crescents of gold known as lunulae at harlyn bay .
john bedford leno also strove hard for the abolition of liability of the goods of poor tenants for rent , for limited liability with regard to investments , for the spread of education , for the abolition of drunkenness , although he was not an abstainer , and rushed to the assistance of joseph arch in his support for the agricultural labourer in 1872 .
a mr john seddon of little hulton , a labourer , agreed to a contract on matthew fletcher 's terms , for a " certain part of the canal " .
an autobiography detailing his childhood years in a female prison , in an orphanage , and as an indentured farm labourer became a bestseller in 1997 .
the scarcity of labour by the reduction of the population through pestilence was not admitted as a justification for the demands for increased pay , and while the unemployed labourer was liable to be committed to gaol if he refused service at current rates , the lords of the towns or manors who promised or paid more to their servants were liable to be sued treble the sum in question .
it makes , however , a great advance in its express aim of protecting the poor labourer against insufficient wages , and of devising a machinery , by frequent meeting of justices , which might yield " unto the hired person both in time of scarcity and in time of plenty a convenient proportion of wages . "
william robertson ( january 2 , 1897 – ) was an ontario labourer and political figure .
of irish protestant heritage , lacey was born in terowie , south australia to labourer george lacey and his wife mary ellen , attended the local public school and became one of the area 's leading sprinters before commencing work in the port pirie smelters .
he graduated in 1946 and hitchhiked to california the same year , where he tried numerous jobs : landscape gardener , pretzel salesman , barman , milkman , warehouseman , and general labourer in a hand - painted necktie studio .
lordeen ’s other labourer , the cobbler and self - styled intellectual luke sweeney , is the target for the affections of the caustic , ‘
he was son of a farm labourer , and he had an itinerant childhood .
her father finds him a job as a labourer and he is able to rent a snug little room above a cafe on the lower richmond road .
