he graduated in 1976 and subsequently took a mphil in politics before taking up a lectureship at university college until 1979 .
he returned to fiji in 1982 and took up lectureship in physics at the university of the south pacific .
in 2001 , kehlmann held the guest lectureship of poetics at the johannes gutenberg university of mainz .
the regius chair of materia medica was founded in 1831 by king william iv from the lectureship in materia medica , instituted in 1766 .
arkell was awarded a lectureship in geology at new college , oxford in 1927 and later , in 1929 , became a senior research fellow of that college .
in 1898 they endowed a lectureship in organic chemistry in 1898 and later by endowing a number of professorships which continue to this day .
at spencer 's funeral the indian nationalist leader shyamji krishnavarma announced a donation of £ 1,000 to establish a lectureship at oxford university in tribute to spencer and his work .
the chair originated from a lectureship in chemistry , established in 1747 .
jones lectureship .
in 1909 stewart was appointed to a lectureship in organic chemistry at queen 's university , belfast and in 1914 was appointed lecturer in physical chemistry and radioactivity at the university of glasgow .
he would graduate with first class honours in 1924 and was appointed to a lectureship in philosophy at christ church , oxford .
in 1990 she was awarded a melbourne university research fellowship for women with career interruptions , which she half - shared with a lectureship at melbourne .
in 1897 he was appointed to a college lectureship in philosophy , a position he would hold until his retirement in 1923 ( although he continued to lecture until his death ) .
lectureship programme .
receiving little support he eventually left £ 12,000 to the university of sydney for the foundation of a chair or lectureship in bacteriology , but this was rejected by the university senate due to the conditions of the bequest abd the money went to the linnean society .
after teaching at southampton university he returned to cambridge in 1968 , succeeding raymond leppard as fellow and director of music at trinity and taking up a lectureship in the university music faculty .
fowler won the henry norris russell lectureship of the american astronomical society in 1963 , the vetlesen prize in 1973 , the eddington medal in 1978 , the bruce medal of the astronomical society of the pacific in 1979 , and the nobel prize for physics in 1983 for his theoretical and experimental studies of the nuclear reactions of importance in the formation of the chemical elements in the universe ( shared with subrahmanyan chandrasekhar ) .
in 2004 he accepted a senior lectureship in the school of music at the north - west university in potchefstroom where he taught music theory , composition and music technology .
after taking up a position at the university of edinburgh , he was appointed to a lectureship at royal holloway in 1994 .
the liz carpenter lectureship was established in 1984 by a group of her friends , including erma bombeck and mark russell , who gave a performance at the paramount theater to raise funds for it .
the chancellor dunning trust lectureship was established by an anonymous donor , to " promote the understanding and appreciation of the supreme importance of the dignity , freedom , and responsibility of the individual person in human society " .
the leuphana college concentrates its bachelor degree studies into eight departments and two lectureship study courses .
he was appointed to a lectureship in classics in 1915 and to the professorship of greek in 1923 .
in 1937 he was awarded a dlitt by the national university of ireland and in 1939 was appointed to a statutory lectureship in modern irish history at university college dublin .
in 1950 he was elected to the lectureship in industrial relations at manchester university .
during his lifetime , he was awarded the eddington medal of the royal astronomical society , the national medal of science , the henry norris russell lectureship of the american astronomical society , the william bowie medal of the american geophysical union , and the wolf foundation prize in physics , among others .
a prize lectureship had been created in 1882 .
she has also been given the fred griffith review lectureship of the society for general microbiology and in 1989 , for her work with lambda phage , the gabor medal of the royal society .
in april 1959 , he was promoted to a senior lectureship in classics .
1987 mobay lectures / p. debye lectureship cornell university
after prescott 's 1962 passing , the underwood company established the underwood prescott memorial lectureship that ran until 1982 when the underwood company was sold .
due to his outstanding school performance and academic potential , he was offered a lectureship by his alta mater upon his graduation — a practice that is still in vogue in almost all universities in china when recruiting exceptional faculty members is difficult .
in 1948 he completed his habilitation at graz with a study of attic lexica ; in the same year he received his first lectureship , in hamburg .
olson is currently a professor of philosophy at the university of sheffield , a position he has held since 2003 , and previously held a lectureship at cambridge university .
upon graduation , lombardi accepted a postdoctoral appointment and lectureship in the biological sciences at the university of north carolina which he held until 1986 .
in 2005 he was the only non - american recipient of a prize from the united states national academy of sciences , being awarded the arthur l. day prize lectureship for contributions to the earth sciences .
he offered another lectureship at the banquet given by press association of geneva where 250 journalists and celebrities , including the presidents of swiss federation and the league of nations .
after working in laboratories in murray hill , new jersey , webb returned to oxford as a research fellow in physics at the clarendon laboratory in 1968 , and was appointed to a university lectureship in 1971 , becoming reader in 1990 and professor in 1992 .
it recently built a new research annexe ; its staff have been involved with the teaching of anthropology at oxford since its foundation , when as part of his donation general augustus pitt rivers stipulated that the university establish a lectureship in anthropology .
this annual lectureship continues until this day .
the state governments and union territories were , therefore , given the option of conducting their own test for eligibility for lectureship at the state level .
in 1996 he was selected to receive the theodorsen lectureship award from icase / nasa , langley .
in 1747 he was appointed to a lectureship in chemistry .
in 1622 , he founded an endowed lectureship in history at oxford -- the first in the world -- which continues to this day as the camden chair in ancient history .
lectureship , 1946–51 ; committee summer instructor , 1953–54 ; steele prize , 1985 , american mathematical society ; american national council teachers of mathematics , london mathematical society ( honorary ) , swiss mathematics society ( honorary ) , académie des sciences de paris ( foreign associate ) ; new york academy of sciences .
in 1997 the american aging association established an annual hayflick lectureship .
the senate in return settled him for life in his lectureship at padua and doubled his salary .
by 1937 she was tutoring english at the university of melbourne , when a new lectureship in the department of history was advertised ; having been advised by the vice - chancellor raymond priestley to acquaint herself with the new professor of history max crawford , which she did , with the support of a letter of introduction from her former teacher scott .
he held a lectureship at st. olave 's , southwark , where he had a great repute as a preacher of charity sermons .
after a lectureship in brisbane in 1928 , " the australian constitution : its interpretation and amendment " was published .
she then took a five year lectureship in italy at the university of rome la sapienza , where she taught english .
he bequeathed a sum of money to his old college for the foundation of a lectureship in english literature .
after wwii another friend got him a lectureship in holyoke , massachusetts , usa , where he would spend some years .
in 1961 , he was appointed to a lectureship at ssees and to a full chair in 1990 .
henry norris russell lectureship .
in 1960 he was appointed to a lectureship in military history at the royal military academy sandhurst , the training establishment for officers of the british army .
marc aaronson memorial lectureship .
he was appointed to a lectureship at the university of bristol in 1988 and in 1999 was appointed professor of public international law .
the " guest lectureship program " of pi gamma mu exists for the purpose of advancing social science interaction and serves as a memorial to deceased officers of the society .
he taught at the college de saussure , a high school in geneva , switzerland , and held a lectureship in religion and philosophy at the university of fribourg from 1996 to 2003 .
the " the john bohlen lectureship " was a series of lectures on a subject relating to the christian religion , delivered annually in the city of philadelphia .
in 1872 he accepted a fellowship and lectureship at emmanuel college , cambridge ; in 1878 he was made hulsean professor of divinity , and in 1887 lady margaret 's professor of divinity .
also in 1909 , keynes accepted a lectureship in economics funded personally by alfred marshall .
he was also the founder of the baird lectureship , in vindication of scottish orthodoxy .
the marc aaronson memorial lectureship fund is administered by the university of arizona ; additional funding comes from steward observatory and the national optical astronomy observatory .
upon winning the des lee visiting lectureship in global awareness suransky eloquently stated , “
on the last sunday in march , 1967 , the first memphis school of preaching lectureship was begun and continued through thursday of that week .
from 1931 to 1933 , he had a lectureship in the physics department at the " eidgenössische technische hochschule zürich " .
among the papers of william croone at his death in 1684 , was a plan to endow one lectureship at both the royal society and the royal college of physicians .
fulker joined the staff at birmingham as a lecturer where he remained until moving in 1975 to a senior lectureship at the institute of psychiatry in london , where he also directed its animal laboratories at the bethlem royal hospital .
he returned to cambridge as a research fellow at king 's college , cambridge ( 1963 - 67 ) while at the same time taking a lectureship at the london school of economics , before spending two years as professor of sociology at hong kong university ( 1967 - 69 ) after a further two years at the lse ( 1970 - 72 ) , he moved to brunel university as professor of sociology in 1972 , also serving as dean of the social sciences faculty from 1981 - 85 .
in 1909 , when w.h.r. rivers resigned a part of his lectureship , myers became the first lecturer at cambridge university whose whole duty was to teach experimental psychology .
the lectureship is available in fiction and poetry and is intended to provide writers with the time and support needed to complete book - length literary projects .
from 1714 to 1722 he held by the gift of the earl of peterborough the rectory of dauntsey in wiltshire , and through the interest of william lancaster he obtained in 1715 the lectureship at the church of st. martin - in - the - fields , westminster .
his awards include that of distinguished psychoanalyst from the association of psychoanalytic psychologists , the first sigmund freud lectureship award from the new york center for psychoanalytic training , the physicians recognition award of the american medical association from 1970 to 1973 , and the 1987 sigmund freud award given by the american society of psychoanalytic physicians in recognition of distinguished service to psychiatry and psychoanalysis .
in 2009 , he moved to the university of wollongong to take up a lectureship .
columbia university 's jesup lectureship is named after him ; also cape morris jesup , the northernmost point of mainland greenland .
in addition to being a provincial civil servant beel accepted a part - time lectureship at an institute for professional training , katholieke leergangen , and he wrote his first articles on legal subjects .
zacron had recently resigned a lectureship at leeds polytechnic to found zacron studios , and in 1970 page contacted him and asked him to design the third album 's cover .
bronfenbrenner was tapped to deliver the rogin lectureship at the george meany center for labor studies in 1994 .
in 1985 she returned to new zealand and took up a lectureship at the university of auckland .
his film " take away the night " premiered at the 1982 cannes film festival . in 1985 - 86 , neufert held a lectureship for german film at the university of california , santa barbara .
" the ingersoll lectureship " was founded as a result of a bequest by miss caroline haskell ingersoll , who died in 1893 , leaving the sum of 5000 dollars for the institution of a series of lectures to be read annually in memory of her father , george goldthwait ingersoll .
the karl august forster lectureship of the academy of sciences and literature and the university of mainz , germany , the samuel roberts nobel foundation research recognition award , the lifetime achievement award of the society for in vitro biology , the sandoz prize from the international association of gerontology , and the presidential award from the international organization of mycoplasmology .
the duncan clark award and the duncan clark lectureship of the association for prevention teaching and research are also named for him .
he was elected an extraordinary professor at st petersburg university in 1850 , ordinary professor in 1860 and , after 25 years of lectureship , he became merited professor in 1872 .
but preston , backed by the townsmen , maintained his ground and got the lectureship .
the charles f. deems lectureship in philosophy was founded in his honor in 1895 at new york university by the american institute of christian philosophy .
at the university of pennsylvania a visiting lectureship attests to the joint excavations he undertook in turkey during the 1930 's .
he attended the berkeley radiation laboratory at the university of california , berkeley and received a ph.d. in 1972 , and held a lectureship at princeton university in 1973 .
physical society , a guggenheim fellowship ( 1979 ) , the david turnbull prize from the materials research society ( 1998 ) , a bp venture research award , the floyd k. richtmyer memorial lectureship award ( 1997 ) , the memory ride award for alzheimer research , and the massachusetts professor of the year
it is particularly used for the master of arts degree , which historically grants various rights of governing the university , to those holding a college fellowship , university lectureship , or professorship , and other positions in the university .
by 1994 , the demand was so great that the faculty of science at the australian national university agreed to fund a lectureship in science communication .
promoted to a senior lectureship in 1967 , he became professor and head of department in 1971 .
1997 e. gordon young memorial lectureship the chemical institute of canada
in january 2006 he was awarded henry norris russell lectureship of the american astronomical society , " for his highly original contributions to a wide variety of fields including advanced stellar evolution , the nature of gamma ray bursts , accretion in binary systems , gravitational lensing , and cosmology .
david adler lectureship award in the field of materials physics .
lurie was a professor of anthropology ( 1963 - 1972 ) at the university of wisconsin - milwaukee , a visiting scholar with a fulbright - hay lectureship in anthropology at the university of aarhus , denmark ( 1965 - 66 ) , and head curator of anthropology ( 1972 - 1992 ) at the milwaukee public museum .
she was guest professor at oberlin conservatory for 2 years , and was awarded the regents ' lectureship both at the university of california berkeley and at university of california san diego .
hanslick 's unpaid lectureship at the university of vienna led in 1870 to a full professorship for history and aesthetic of music and later to a doctorate in honoris causa .
sulman also endowed a lectureship in aeronautics at the university of sydney in memory of a son killed during world war i while serving with the flying corps .
each year the lectureship brings to the region some of the world 's foremost thinkers and visionaries .
university of michigan 's department of biological chemistry endowed a lectureship in honor of william e.m. lands .
after government service during world war ii she was appointed to a lectureship at university college , london in 1947 , and became successively reader and professor of economics .
in 1854 , richardson became a lecturer on forensic medicine at the grosvenor place school of medicine , where he was afterwards appointed the first lecturer on public hygiene , posts which he resigned in 1857 for the lectureship on physiology .
he was appointed to the university of st andrews in 1983 where he has held a lectureship , a readership and as of 1994 is university professor in philosophy .
on completion of his phd , he moved to a lectureship at the university of kent .
in order to measure this difference precisely , pauling assigned graduate student john singer to work with itano and another medical researcher , ibert c. wells , on using a " tiselius apparatus " to perform free - boundary electrophoresis , before leaving in early 1948 for a guest lectureship in england .
in 1970 he accepted a lectureship in the history of the orthodox church , a post attached jointly to king 's college , london and the school of slavonic and east european studies ( ssees ) .
in 1783 white , one of the preachers at whitehall chapel , was appointed to the recently founded bampton lectureship for 1784 , his subject being a comparison between islam and christianity .
in 1573 he was suspended from his lectureship and summoned before the star - chamber .
härtling used his lectureship to demonstrate the process of using a found object as the inspiration for a literary work .
in 1912 yule moved to cambridge university to a newly created lectureship in statistics and he remained in cambridge for the rest of his life .
despite his age , he had made an appearance at the spring 2006 " jack williamson lectureship " and published a 320-page novel , " the stonehenge gate " , in 2005 .
having entered holy orders he became in 1814 curate of wardington , near banbury , and he accepted also a lectureship at brislington near bristol .
his first lectureship was at university college of north wales , bangor in the departments of education and philosophy in 1949 .
covert received a number of awards and citations , including the exceptional civilian service award from the united states air force ( 1973 , 1976 ) , the university educator of the year , engineering science division , american society of aerospace education , national aeronautic association ( 1980 ) , the nasa public service award ( 1981 ) , the mit graduate student council outstanding teacher aware ( 1985 ) , the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics ground testing aware ( 1990 ) , the advisory group for aerospace research and development von karman medal ( 1990 ) , and the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics w. f. durand lectureship ( 1992 ) .
in autumn 1930 he was appointed to a lectureship in economics at the london school of economics ( lse ) , where he remained until 1940 .
he won the international mutation research award for excellence in scientific achievement in 1987 , and the princess takamatsu cancer foundation annual lectureship in japan in 1999 and he was more recently a visiting scholar at the graduate school of frontier biosciences , osaka university .
in the 1970s , on his return from lectureship at the university of zambia , he maintained his interest in ghanaian youth and national affairs , becoming the general secretary of the western region youth association ( werya ) ( 1976 - 78 ) .
( and for a brief period even outselling the adventures of harry potter in scotland ! ) devine has won all three major prizes for scottish historical research(hume brown , saltire and henry duncan prize and lectureship of the royal society of edinburgh ) , is a fellow of the royal society of edinburgh , an honorary member of the royal irish academy and a fellow of the british academy : the only historian elected to all three national academies in the british isles .
the chair is named in honour of john hopkinson , whose widow originally endowed a lectureship in thermodynamics in the hope that it would eventually be upgraded to a professorship .
in 1999 , he became the first astronomer to receive all three major awards of the royal astronomical society , by winning the gold medal , having won the eddington medal in 1987 and the george darwin lectureship in 1995 .
an important symbolic step was taken in 1999 when the president of abilene christian university " confessed the sin of racism in the school 's past segregationist policies " and asked black christians for forgiveness during a lectureship at southwestern christian college , a historically black school affiliated with the churches of christ .
he gave the henry norris russell lectureship in 1977 and won the bruce medal in 1984 ..
in 1948 , bishop became a professor of music at the university of adelaide , where he reformed the curriculum and faculty , and set up a visiting lectureship programme .
at spencer 's funeral in 1903 , he announced the donation of £ 1,000 to establish a lectureship at university of oxford in tribute to him and his work .
he retained his lectureship , and in 1881 was elected an honorary fellow .
from 1969 to 1975 , he taught in a papua new guinea government high school ( kwikila high school ) before taking up a lectureship at the goroka teachers ' college ( now the university of goroka ) .
moore was an early u.s. ph.d. his academic career proceeded through an instructorship and lectureship at johns hopkins , a professorship at smith college from 1897 to 1902 and finally to positions at columbia university .
the dwight h. terry lectureship was established in 1905 to encourage the consideration of religion in the context of modern science , psychology , and philosophy .
in 1931 he closed his studies with the state exam for a high teaching office , after he accepted a lectureship in music theory at the .
at the close of four years lady warwick gave him a lectureship which she supported at welton .
he was awarded a fulbright senior lectureship at the university of bologna , italy for spring semester 2009 and lectured on international relations from january to june 2009 .
through the petro jacyk educational foundation he has supported many other initiatives , including the endowment of the jacyk ukrainian studies program at columbia university in new york ( 1994 ) and the jacyk lectureship in ukrainian studies at the university of london ( 1991 ) .
she won the damon runyon award for outstanding contributions to journalism in 2000 , and became the first mary alice davis lectureship speaker ( sponsored by the school of journalism and the center for american history ) at the university of texas at austin in 2005 .
in 1929 he became a fellow of st john 's college but later the same year was appointed to a lectureship in mathematics at the university of manchester .
the r. a. fisher lectureship is a very high recognition of achievement and scholarship in statistical science , and recognizes the highly significant impact of statistical methods on scientific investigations .
in 1959 whittle was appointed to a lectureship in cambridge university .
led by farkas , the would create the bernard e. proctor lectureship which was first held in 1996 , but has been held in odd - numbered years since 1999 .
in 2008 he gave a four talks on " the scientific buddha : past , present , future " as part of a dwight h. terry lectureship at yale university .
support for some of this work came from a prestigious claude pepper award for research excellence from the national institute on deafness and other communication disorders ( nidcd ) and in 1994 , glayde received the manheimer lectureship award from the monell chemical senses center , which recognizes career achievements of individuals in the chemosensory sciences .
cohen has won numerous awards and honors , among them the peter weitz prize for dispatches from europe , the arthur f. burns prize , and the joe alex morris lectureship at harvard university .
the henry norris russell lectureship is awarded each year by the american astronomical society in recognition of a lifetime of excellence in astronomical research .
on 1 february 1643 he was admitted to the vicarage of christ church , newgate , which had been vacated by the death of edward finch a few months later he obtained in addition a lectureship at st. anne 's , blackfriars , of which william gouge , was rector .
the lumleian lectureship , founded by a lord lumley and a dr. caldwell in 1583 , consisted in pronouncing lectures for a period of seven years , with the purpose of " spreading light " and increasing the general knowledge of anatomy throughout england .
shawe was now married , and held the post of chaplain to philip herbert , 4th earl of pembroke ; through his city connections he was transferred in 1633 to a lectureship to be maintained by for a term of three years at chumleigh , devon .
in 1949 , he was appointed to a lectureship in theoretical chemistry at cambridge university .
among his other honors are the 2007 dryden lectureship in research from the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics and nasa ’s highest civilian award , the distinguished public service medal .
after two years there , he moved to the university of edinburgh to take up a lectureship in 1948 .
in 1961 he took up a lectureship in medieval latin at the university of cambridge and became a fellow of clare hall in 1964 .
after fulfilling a 2-year indian music visiting lectureship at tufts university in boston , falu moved to new york where she formed her own band of the same name .
in 1997 he was appointed to a university lectureship in the oxford physics department and a tutorial fellowship at mansfield college , and was subsequently promoted to reader and then professor .
in 1907 famous analyst and number theorist j.e. littlewood was appointed to the richardson lectureship which he held for three years .
before world war ii began , benedict was giving lectures at the for the anna howard shaw memorial lectureship .
the james scott prize lectureship is given every four years by the royal society of edinburgh for a lecture on the fundamental concepts of natural philosophy .
his honors include : woodrow wilson , nsf , and nimh graduate fellowships , graduate student faculty of the year award , fellow of : american psychological association , american psychological society , association for behavior analysis ; member , psychonomic society ; sigma xi ( president , asu chapter , 1986 – 87 ) , wakonse ( teaching ) fellow , 1993 , fellow , society of experimental psychologists ( 1997 ; secretary / treasurer 2000 – 3 ) , senior scientist award ( 1996 ; nimh ) , president , society for quantitative analysis of behavior ( 1999 – 2002 ) ; poetry in science award , sqab , 2002 , f. j. mcguigan lectureship on understanding the human mind ( apa : 2004 ) , ernest and josephine hilgard award for the best theoretical paper ( killeen & nash , 2003 ) , faculty of 1000 citation as must read : russell et al .
also in 2009 , she held a dwight h. terry lectureship at yale university , giving a series of talks entitled " absence of mind : the dispelling of inwardness from the modern myth of the self . "
there was also a mathematics lectureship which dated from an earlier time , while another term used was " barnaby lecturer " , as the lecturers were elected on st barnabas day .
this lectureship would run until 1982 .
having lost on both occasions , he also contested the 1979 election , after which he left the north east to take up a research post at the london school of economics , moving to a lectureship at birkbeck college , london in 1981 .
aldridge 's career began at southampton university before moving to a temporary lectureship at university college london and then to nottingham university where he remained until 1989 when , during the oxburgh review of earth sciences , he moved to his current institution , the university of leicester , where he served two terms as head of department .
he assisted henry sacheverell at his trial in 1709 and 1710 , and on sacheverell 's recommendation became in april 1710 his successor in the lectureship at newington , surrey .
after a short spell as a post - doctoral fellow at the australian national university he was appointed to a lectureship in politics at monash university where he developed a study of modern indonesia and was one of the founders of the monash centre of southeast asian studies .
fulbright lectureship and research award to university putra malaysia , serdang , malaysia ( june to december , 1998)1998
this was followed in 1968 by a lectureship in applied linguistics at the university of nottingham .
he recently moved from the university of birmingham to the university of st andrews to take up a lectureship in theoretical condensed matter physics at the university 's school of physics and astronomy .
following a lectureship at yale university in 1951 - 1952 , he collaborated on a project with robert morrison maciver of columbia university to assess academic freedom and religious education in american public universities .
the lectureship is awarded by the association for library service to children , a division of the american library association .
in 1965 , thanks to the support of moses finley , he was appointed to an assistant lectureship .
dewey 's most significant writings were " the reflex arc concept in psychology " ( 1896 ) , a critique of a standard psychological concept and the basis of all his further work ; " democracy and education " ( 1916 ) , his celebrated work on progressive education ; " human nature and conduct " ( 1922 ) , a study of the function of habit in human behavior ; " the public and its problems " ( 1927 ) , a defense of democracy written in response to walter lippmann 's " the phantom public " ( 1925 ) ; " experience and nature " ( 1925 ) , dewey 's most " metaphysical " statement ; " art as experience " ( 1934 ) , dewey 's major work on aesthetics ; " a common faith " ( 1934 ) , a humanistic study of religion , which was originally delivered as the dwight h. terry lectureship at yale ; " logic : the theory of inquiry " ( 1938 ) , an examination of dewey 's unusual conception of logic ; " freedom and culture " ( 1939 ) , a political work examining the roots of fascism ; and " knowing and the known " ( 1949 ) , a book written in conjunction with arthur f. bentley that systematically outlines the concept of trans - action which is central to his other works .
in 1999 , he became the first holder of the christopher tower studentship and tutorship in poetry in the english language at christ church , oxford , also holding a lectureship in the english faculty of oxford university .
ewing studied at oxford , where he gained the john locke lectureship and the green prize in moral philosophy .
during his first term , brother ames , newly elected grand scribe , resigned to accept a fulbright lectureship in ceylon ( now sri lanka ) .
" vectorial mechanics " ( 1948 ) is a book on vector manipulation ( i.e. , vector methods ) by edward arthur milne , a highly decorated ( e.g. , james scott prize lectureship ) british astrophysicist and mathematician .
together with his philosophy lectureship at the university of liverpool , which now houses the olaf stapledon archive , stapledon lectured in english literature , industrial history and psychology .
he was offered through chris wallace - crabbe the lockie fellowship in creative writing at that university , but accepted instead a lectureship at the university of california .
the noted theologian fenton john anthony hort ( fenton hort ) is amongst the former vicars of st ippolyts church where he stayed for 15 years before taking up a fellowship and lectureship at emmanuel college in cambridge .
in 2001 he was awarded the gold medal and " the robert a. cook memorial lectureship " by american academy allergy asthma and immunology .
the university of washington ’s classics department lecture series , in which graduate students select the speakers , is called the john and mary mcdiarmid lectureship .
after considerable discussion within the university , the funds were assigned to fund an annual lectureship in english history by a lecturer who was to be chosen annually by a board of electors .
rose ’s research has been widely recognized and he is the recipient of the national council of teachers of english david h. russell award for distinguished research in the teaching of english , the american educational research association 's distinguished lectureship , ucla ’s distinguished teaching award , a guggenheim fellowship , the grawemeyer award in education , and the commonwealth club of california award for literary excellence in nonfiction .
after her bsc and phd ( 1936 ) at the london school of economics she was first appointed to a lectureship at the dundee school of economics in 1938 .
after studying at the university of leipzig , where he profited by the instruction of g hermann , he was appointed in 1835 to the lectureship in latin at the orphan school at halle .
benefitting from the recommendations of the 1986 parker report into asian and african studies in universities in the uk , in 1988 oxford university was able to re - establish a full - time lectureship in assyriology ( absent since the retirement of gurney in 1978 ) .
from 1906 until 1913 , he was professor of history at liverpool when he resigned to take up a visiting lectureship at the university of punjab in india ( 1913–14 ) .
he remained active in the christian science church from that time on until his death holding a number of positions : member of the christian science board of lectureship ( 1911–18 ) ; editor , director , and treasurer of the mother church of christian scientists ( 1918 ) ; and trustee in the christian science benevolent association and the christian science pleasant view home association .
many years latter bliss would recall this appointment , explaining that , " mrs. eddy knew that i had an extreme case of bashfulness when she decided to appoint me to the board of lectureship .
his mentor and former professor salinas arranged for him to take a lectureship for a year at the university of toulouse .
in order to create a fitting tribute to the memory of marc aaronson , his family , friends , and colleagues have established and privately endowed the marc aaronson memorial lectureship to promote and recognize excellence in astronomical research .
in 1952 , he gained a lectureship at the philosophy department of kenyon college .
he had received a call for a temporary lectureship in hamburg in 1965 ( which he declined for health reasons ) and received and accepted an honorary doctorate from hamburg university and the bundesverdienstkreuz ( german order of merit ) via the german representative in chicago .
active chapters are eligible to apply for lectureship funds of $ 300.00 each year to cover the honoraria of guest lecturers .
in memory of his former lecturer and friend charles eliot norton , in 1907 loeb created the charles eliot norton memorial lectureship .
while it may have come as a surprise to rivers , the offer of a cambridge lectureship had come about as part of a long process of evolution within the university ’s natural science tripos .
in 1929 a gift of £ 1100 was made to the university of sydney by the g. a. taylor memorial committee to found a lectureship in aviation or aeronautical engineering in his memory .
arthur l. day prize and lectureship .
he was speaker ’s lecturer in biblical studies from 1945 to 1948 and subsequently held a university lectureship in patristic studies until 1976 .
in accordance with the wishes of the subscribers , a frazer lectureship in anthropology was founded , the annual income of the fund being assigned to the university of oxford , university of cambridge , university of glasgow and university of liverpool in rotation for this purpose .
the lectureship is named for richard foster jones , head of the stanford english department when wallace stegner founded stanford 's creative writing program following the end of second world war .
martineau currently combines film work with a lectureship at paris x university nanterre .
the marsh family founded the wendy and stanley marsh 3 endowed lectureship in pharmacology and neurochemistry of substance abuse / addiction at the texas tech university health sciences center .
once again in 2007 dr. daniel m. laskin has demonstrated his commitment to both the profession and the public by establishing the lectureship in professional ethics at indiana university school of dentistry .
in 1946 , he was given a lectureship at the university of durham .
by holding a lectureship there , they can fulfil their teaching duties .
he accepted a lectureship at coventry , where he was opposed by samuel buggs , who held both the city churches .
from 1863 to 1865 he held the grinfield lectureship on the septuagint at oxford .
he completed his studies at balliol college , oxford and gained a lectureship at oriel college in 1900 , followed by a fellowship in 1902 .
more recently , raines has received the pfizer award in enzyme chemistry , arthur c. cope scholar award in organic chemistry , and repligen award in biological chemistry from the american chemical society , the emil thomas kaiser award in protein chemistry from the protein society , the makineni lectureship award from the american peptide society , and a guggenheim fellowship .
1987 frontiers in chemistry lectureship case western reserve university
shilts was honored with the 1988 outstanding author award from the american society of journalists and authors , the 1990 mather lectureship at harvard university , and the 1993 lifetime achievement award from the national lesbian and gay journalists ' association .
the naylor prize and lectureship in applied mathematics is a prize of the london mathematical society awarded every two years in memory of dr v.d. naylor .
because he was non - church of england , and because mansfield was still a permanent private hall and had not yet achieved status as a constituent college of the university ( see colleges of the university of oxford ) during this period ( 1969–1977 ) , caird was barred from holding an official university lectureship .
the commissions in the scientific corps of the army were reserved for those of good birth , and being thus ineligible , he accepted a military lectureship on mathematics .
in august 2008 gmehling received the " rossini lectureship award " during the 20th international conference on chemical thermodynamics in warsaw , poland .
these included the eastern asia christian conference in bangkok in 1949 , the asia study conference in lucknow , india in 1952 , the all africa church conference , ibadan , nigeria , 1958 , and the joseph cook lectureship which took him around the world during , 1960–1961 .
werner lectureship , trinity college dublin , 1996
following the appearance of his book , fyfe took up a lectureship at the university of edinburgh in 1962 , at newly founded centre of african studies .
the fruit of his thirty years of work in the university lectureship was published in the " theologia didactico - polemica sive systema theologicum " ( wittenberg , 1685 ; leipzig , 1715 ) , a work according to the strictest standard of lutheran orthodoxy , based upon the " theologia , positiva acroamatica " of his teacher , johann friedrich könig , and characterized by external dogmatization instead of a development of the subject from within , and abounding in artful scholastic refinements .
in 1948 , he accepted the offer from j. e. ( sir john ) neale ( perhaps advised by galbraith ) of an assistant lectureship at university college london .
in october he was nominated to a lectureship at shrewsbury , but he was again in dublin by the end of the year , and was imprisoned there for a time by the orders of the army leaders , after they had dissolved the remnant of the long parliament .
in 1603 he was appointed to a lectureship at the university of bourges , but resigned his place two years later , in order to enter the society of jesus .
he took up his first job at chapra high school but returned to benaras in 1901 to take up lectureship at central hindu college .
in 1928 , astbury was given a lectureship at the university of leeds where he studied the properties of fibrous substances such as keratin and collagen with funding from the textile industry .
dr muhammad afifi al - akiti ba ( queen 's ) , ma ( oxon ) , mst ( oxon ) , dphil ( oxon ) , msiepm - also known as shaykh afifi - is fellow in islamic studies at the oxford centre for islamic studies , and islamic centre lecturer in islamic studies at the faculty of theology , university of oxford , and holds a lectureship in world religions at worcester college .
klebs received a croonian lectureship in 1910 .
after his phd he took a temporary lectureship at the university of dundee .
in 1936 , du val took up an assistant lectureship in the mathematics department at manchester , where he stayed for five years .
after a college fellowship scott was given a mathematical lectureship in 1850 .
in 1989 he moved to a lectureship in patristics and new testament at the university of birmingham .
after his death his friends founded , in perpetuation of his memory , a newmarch lectureship in economic science and statistics at university college , london .
he immediately took up a lectureship at edinburgh university in scotland and then to the surprise of many , he left for raffles college in malaysia .
he left india in 1869 , was elected president of the scottish arboricultural society in 1872 , and subsequently played an instrumental role in the establishment of a lectureship in forestry in edinburgh university .
after he returned to sweden , and took up a lectureship at the university of lund .
after he retired , both he and bob harper were selected by the american institute of aeronautics and astronautics to reprise the cooper - harper rating scale in the 1984 wright brothers lectureship in aeronautics .
in 1658 , through the kind offices of his friend john evelyn , taylor was offered a lectureship in lisburn , co. antrim , by edward conway , 2nd viscount conway .
faraday lectureship prize .
after receiving her ph.d. at the university of cambridge in 1951 , she was appointed to a lectureship in the university of sheffield and later was appointed lecturer in the university college , ibadan , nigeria .
the candidates who qualify the junior research fellowship ( jrf ) examination of ugc / csir net are also eligible for the post of lectureship .
promotion to tutor came in 1928 , a lectureship in history in 1929 and then as senior tutor in 1931 .
he retired from the lectureship in 1990 , although he continued researching and writing as a fellow of king 's .
he won the henry norris russell lectureship in 1985 .
williams decided that ward , though not altogether blameless , was a man easily to be won by fair dealing , and he persuaded the bishop to accept ward 's submission and not to remove him from the lectureship .
he returned to caius as a fellow in 1944 , and in 1948 obtained a lectureship in tibetan at cambridge university .
one of the highlights of the year for the forest hill congregation and the msop is the memphis school of preaching lectureship .
the rev. john christopher aidan nichols o.p. ( born september 17 , 1948 ) is an academic and catholic priest , and served as the first john paul ii memorial visiting lecturer at oxford university for 2006 - 8 , the first lectureship of catholic theology at that university since the reformation .
after teaching natural philosophy ( physics ) for a few years at queen 's college , galway , ireland , in 1885 he accepted a lectureship in mathematics at st john 's college , cambridge .
the dwight h. terry lectureship , also known as the terry lectures , was established at yale university in 1905 by a gift from dwight h. terry of bridgeport , connecticut .
the lees knowles lectureship was established at trinity college , cambridge in 1912 and lectures are given by distinguished experts in military and naval history .
after completing his university studies robins was appointed to a lectureship ( 1948 - 1955 ) in the department of phonetics and linguistics in the school of oriental and african studies at london university .
tafp offers four cme symposia throughout the year : the annual scientific assembly , the c. frank webber lectureship , the doctors in motion winter symposium and the primary care summit .
in 1948 he was elected fellow of economics at queens college , oxford , and in 1950 gained a university lectureship .
a simple methodology letting end - users design effective , normalized relational databases was soon added to the curriculum – and was later taught on campuses throughout the country , in the " acm lectureship series " , by ncss emeritus lawrence smith .
after four years at oriel college , oxford as full - time stipendiary lecturer in philosophy ( 1970–1974 ) he took up a lectureship at the university of liverpool .
in his will , he left a bequest to found the w.p. ker lectureship , established in 1938 , in memory of the literary scholar , william paton ker .
