new features to this version compared to the 2003 release is the ability to leverage sql and remote user access .
tigh offers to let himself be jettisoned from an airlock in order to provide the colonial fleet with leverage against the cylons , who do not want him harmed .
after a struggle to break the pipe with the help of leverage and lincoln , trying to push down onto the pipe from above , the group is unsuccessful .
, liedtka describes strategic intent as " the focus that allows individuals within an organization to marshal and leverage their energy , to focus attention , to resist distraction , and to concentrate for as long as it takes to achieve a goal . "
some say he went into the square hoping a conciliatory gesture would gain him leverage against hard - liners like premier li peng .
they hold over 60 patents and utilize the latest technologies in design and testing , including a partnership with the institute of physical research and technology ( iprt ) at iowa state university to leverage technical and economic assistance .
for example , the on - demand computing feature of ncsoe that is capable of dynamically shifting work between similar services and routing the results , can help enterprises to identify and leverage similar or redundant resources .
a common plot device in the program is how the women leverage professional success to gain control of personal lives that have spiraled out of control .
because of st ’s position in the tv and set top box markets , it will leverage faroudja system on a chip ( soc ) products worldwide .
the mid - eastern islamic nations formed the holy islamic federation ( hif ) and , using oil as leverage , tried to become a major power .
sabin went on to feud with lynn over the title ; defeating him at against all odds 2007 by using the ring ropes for leverage .
jarvis and macmillan quantify this within specific businesses and industries in a ratio form as consumer leverage exposure ( cle ) .
a central feature of financial betting is leverage .
according to a memorandum leaked to the " new york times " in december 2008 , the remaining " gang of three " tried to use their leverage to have one of them named senate majority leader and another named chair of the senate finance committee , and to obtain a guarantee that the senate would not vote on the issue of same - sex marriage .
oracle has also begun work on crfs ( coherent remote file system ) , a network filesystem protocol intended to leverage the btrfs architecture to gain higher performance than existing protocols ( such as nfs and cifs ) and to expose btrfs features such as snapshots to remote clients .
economic arguments by fair trade theorists claim that unrestricted free trade benefits those with more financial leverage ( i.e. the rich ) at the expense of the poor .
smw+ is designed to leverage the hidden knowledge often locked up in unstructured content .
the pragmatic approach draws strength from several observations : the " mistakes " of a triumphant or complacent west that wasted valuable opportunities to draw closer a weak 1990s russia ; misrepresentations of putin 's russia ; the loss of western political leverage and the assumed futility of " lecturing " a more self - assertive russia on common values ; as well as the long - term mutual benefits accrued through engagement , cooperation and integration of russia into common political and economic structures .
both of these rolls are done while hanging onto the end of the paddle blade which gives more leverage to roll .
integration allows an organization to use a common operational approach to address all of these requirements and it allows an organization to leverage innovation in one area across the enterprise .
over the years , the progress movement has had great success with its strategy of using equity accumulated under the 10 - 36 plan to leverage funds from public and private sources , including commercial banks and insurance companies .
transurance gives companies an opportunity to leverage the financial efficiency of conventional insurance and helps assure business continuity .
unep , one of the smallest members in the un family , could leverage on average four times its modest budget to carry out more than a thousand projects .
provisioning integration - leverage the soa governance system as part of the provisioning and deployment process of business services .
degree of operating leverage ( dol ) may be defined as the percentage of levering .
based on the principle of leverage , austin , an engineer , demonstrated the power of the swing by hitting the longest recorded drive in a professional tour event , with a 515 yard shot while playing in the u.s. national seniors open in 1974 .
as a person moves ahead on the path of self - realization , the grip of the destiny over him loosens and he gets more and more leverage to change his destiny .
for example , you have normative leverage when your negotiating opponent says that he only pays blue book value for cars and you show him that the blue book value is the amount you are charging .
return on assets is an indicator of how profitable a company is before leverage , and is compared with companies in the same industry .
call accounting systems are increasingly augmented with telemanagement / telemanager services . call accounting data often requires expert analysis from which to leverage its value .
software needed to be written to leverage its unique abilities , yet the offered capabilities lacked compelling applications . and so the chip was generally ignored by the market .
some conservatives argued that davis signed overpriced energy contracts , employed incompetent negotiators , and refused to allow prices to rise for residences statewide much like they did in san diego , which they argue could have given davis more leverage against the energy traders and encouraged more conservation .
lpm identifies high - level leverage points such as reliability investment , improved parts availability , and investment in diagnosis / test .
companies also use debt in many ways to leverage the investment made in their assets , " leveraging " the return on their equity .
clean cities is a government - industry partnership in the united states that provides regional coalitions with information and incentives from the united states department of energy ( usdoe ) , a large collection of technical data and resources , and coordinated strategies and resources they can leverage to obtain maximum petroleum reduction .
indicators describe two interwoven aspects of housing bubble : a valuation component and a debt ( or leverage ) component .
although the kimberwicke appears to have a bit ring like a snaffle , the bit mouthpiece is not centered on the ring , the ring has slots to place the reins in a specific location , and it is used with a curb chain , thus the ring acts like a bit shank and creates leverage , making it a type of curb bit .
in addition to providing io support to the operations process , the idc provides an advanced environment to leverage new technologies and explore emerging concepts .
both sent out messages daily to promote themselves and the issues at hand , for leverage against the other candidate .
it seeks to leverage city , federal and private sector funding to support public infrastructure and economic development .
fellow senator sid spindler 's relationship with her was used as leverage to remove her from the leadership .
the association claims distinct advantages that set the association apart from many others is the key strategy of the ability to leverage the combined assets of highly visible sports personalities with leading and independent contract partners , on - line technology , educational institutions , corporate entities , special and charitable events and fund raisers for the mutual benefit of all .
as heneghan began to run rallies and charity events in major towns in missouri , patricia 's peace grew in recognition and heneghan used this leverage to push this issue into the forefront of national politics , running for the united states senate seat for missouri in 1958 .
lightweight rowing was a category entered into the olympic sport , originally due to countries of smaller stature competing with an unfair disadvantage , as rowing favors the taller athlete who has more leverage .
during this period fame has also focused on expanding the managed content delivered to the database , as well as out - of - the - box object models that warehouse builders can leverage when loading proprietary content .
when the perpetrator of the book has eve at gunpoint , the cat brushes past his leg , distracting him and giving eve the leverage she needs to fight back .
it could also be the case that the second player , by having the power to reject the offer , uses such power as leverage against the first player , thus motivating him to be fair .
environmental activists and ecotourism seek to use the leverage provided by charismatic and well known species to achieve more subtle and far - reaching goals in species and biodiversity conservation .
that test had never directly limited overall leverage of either a broker - dealer or its parent holding company .
tipu sultan had sought to leverage the power of the french against his british adversaries , and pudukkotai , in common with its neighbours such as thanjavur and travancore , found it expedient to ally with the british .
this gives her the perfect leverage for the location of her friend , as willow will be able to heal them .
some investment trusts have been specially structured with leverage in order to amplify cash yields paid to investors , while others deplete their assets to pay distributions to investors on a regular basis .
the reorganization is part of the one unilever programme designed to increase the leverage of its scale , improve market competitiveness and create a more cost - competitive structure .
negative leverage .
later in the episode , bebe pretends that she is about to jump out of a ninth floor window so that frasier can appear to talk her out of it ; she then uses this as leverage in his contract renegotiations .
they gain exposure to a portfolio of their desired markets through use of passive investments , and use leverage against this portfolio to invest in the portable alpha manager .
this gearbox is a modified aw71 with different ratios to leverage the unique power curve characteristics produced by the 16-valve head ( when compared to the 8-valve b230f / ft with an aw71 gearbox ) .
the leaders of the more militant " senate faction " led by william r. roberts believed that even a marginally successful invasion of the province of canada or other parts of british north america would provide them with leverage in their efforts .
the method is robust to outliers in the response variable , but turned out not to be resistant to outliers in the explanatory variables ( leverage points ) .
in addition , the increased risk ( in the form of financial leverage ) taken by the major investment banks was not adequately factored into the compensation of senior executives .
this case challenged syndication and financial rules imposed in the 1970s , as broadcast television changed with the popularity of cable television , the rise of the fox network , and the discrediting of the leverage theory .
many successful bmx racers have gone on to leverage their skills in other forms of bicycle and motorcycle competitions .
in the midst of all the speculation , edwards tried to use what leverage he thought he had with the jets to get a contract extension and hefty pay raise from the jets , which only served to further anger the club 's owner .
he has recently been seen as anthony anthros on " bionic woman " , as the nemesis character on " leverage " , as the demon crowley on supernatural , and as a bank robber on an episode of " burn notice " .
according to the inmon school of data warehousing , tradeoffs inherent with data marts include limited scalability , duplication of data , data inconsistency with other silos of information , and inability to leverage enterprise sources of data .
companies can also leverage client stated habits and preferences to personalize and even “
one of his clever devices was a step that attached to the saddle so that he had leverage to transfer to another moving object , like a wagon or a train .
the difficulty in watercolor painting is almost entirely in learning how to anticipate and leverage the behavior of water , rather than attempting to control or dominate it .
publisher joel bush founded leverage factory in 2005 and launched it in 2006 , as a custom project publisher of coffee table - style books for large corporate clients .
finally , increasing financial leverage means that the firm uses more debt financing relative to equity financing .
it is important to use both the arms and legs to provide the leverage to start the push .
data from tnt indicates that a large percentage of viewers recorded the second season finale of " leverage " for later viewing .
during the 1990 ’s menta worked for various publishers , including simon and schuster and american lawyer media ( new york law journal ) , where he built business models designed to leverage their offline content into the then burgeoning online world .
though precision weapons deployed from aircraft , helicopters , battlefield missile systems , and ships and submarines off - shore , undoubtedly offer a degree of leverage in warfare previously unknown , their cost is a serious concern , and one that must be addressed .
he was a key participant in merril 's successful global effort in 1998 - 1999 to reduce exposure to hedge fund industry leverage and credit risks in response to the global credit and long term capital management crises .
however , after garrett 's suggestion that a successful gimmick would be good leverage for a raise in cope 's upcoming contract renewal , cope replied , " i 'm a gimmick guy . "
the answer provided by and many others is that classification ( conception ) is a precursor to " induction " : by imposing a particular categorization on the universe , an organism gains the ability to deal with physically non - identical objects or situations in an identical fashion , thereby gaining substantial predictive leverage ( ;) .
while there are literally hundreds of types of bit mouthpieces , bit rings and bit shanks , essentially there are really only two broad categories : direct pressure bits , broadly termed snaffle bits ; and leverage bits , usually termed curbs .
during the cold war , the u.s. used the baltic issue as a point of leverage in u.s .- soviet relations .
consequently , he began adapting judo for his particular physical attributes , and through trial and error learned to maximize leverage , thus minimizing the force that needed to be exerted to execute a technique .
not only do consumers who are resistant to making use of the affordances of participatory culture have decreased access to knowledge , goods , and services , but they are less likely to take advantage of the increased leverage inherent in engaging with businesses as a prosumer .
a younger son of richard fitzalan , 10th earl of arundel , he was papally provided as bishop of ely on 13 august 1373 entirely by reason of his father 's status and financial leverage with the crown during the dotage of edward iii , happily abandoning his student days at oxford , from which he gained little pleasure .
it also has a more favorable leverage curve than a traditional crankshaft .
holly pinned ivory while holding onto her tights for extra leverage to win the match and retain the title .
this volatility is due to the inherent leverage in the mining sector .
although the group was hesitant , being still signed to emi , they decided to use the offer as leverage in hopes of getting a better deal out of emi .
though most curb bits have a solid mouthpiece , with or without a port , any bit with shanks and leverage is always a " curb " type bit , even if has a jointed mouthpiece .
focus on a virtual balance of the candidate 's needs and wants to maximize once 's leverage when in the process of a pitch .
some debt instruments leverage the particular effects of interest rate changes , most commonly in inverse floaters .
he also represents the texas house of representatives as a member of the border legislative conference , a bi - national program that brings together legislators from ten u.s. and mexico border states to resolve problems , to address environmental issues , and to leverage economic opportunities for citizens on both sides of the international border .
net platform , bd.net enables cfml applications to leverage the .
fought just prior to the signing of the treaty of ghent , the american victory denied the british any leverage to demand exclusive control over the great lakes and any territorial gains against the new england states .
noting the rise of discount stores such as wal - mart , in the 1990s unilever instituted a broad strategy , called " the power of value " to leverage its suave brand to sell a complete line of discount personal care products in contrast to its high - profile brands such as helene curtis , calvin klein and salon selectives lines .
the taylors held out for " van poppel money , " even though they had less leverage because brien 's poor grades in high school prevented him from getting a major college scholarship offer .
hollis also has to deal with her father 's bout with an alzheimer's - like disease ( possibly induced by the millennium group ) the cure for which peter watts uses as leverage to coerce her into cooperating with the millennium group .
brown became a free agent immediately after his mvp performance and used his award as leverage to gain a lucrative contract with the oakland raiders .
this view justified the corporative system , wherein the individualized and particular interests of all divergent groups were to be personably incorporated into the state , each to be considered a bureaucratic branch of the state itself and given official leverage .
because the mechanical hackamore uses shanks and leverage , it is not a true hackamore , but rather works similarly to a curb bit .
the term in the context of slates refers to effective use of such search queries in and across enterprise boundaries , for example being able to enhance the " discoverability of information which drives re - use , leverage and roi " [ 2 ]
finally , the nrp ’s emphasis on collaborative efforts among its partners is designed to leverage the intellectual capital of all the entities represented in this endeavor .
however , in order for the sleeper to be used in the performance art - related world of pro - wrestling , the " leverage " arm is positioned in a relaxed state so the hold is not actually applied .
manned us lunar and interplanetary guidance systems leverage many of the same guidance innovations ( described above ) developed in the 1950s .
with the most powerful of the arab militaries and a history of leadership in the arab world under nasser , egypt had more leverage than any of the other arab states to advance arab interests .
matchnet 's 2004 second quarter report claimed that its strategic rationale for the doyoudo purchase was to " leverage the positioning and membership database of an existing online personals service " and " enhance and extend existing brands . "
the couple used heavy leverage to build their portfolio , buying only new - build houses and remortgaging them as soon as prices went up , they could use the money to finance further purchases .
spurred by a grant awarded by the , dr. vieweg ’s goal is to build a collaborative network of programs across the that leverage the tremendous advances of biomedical research for the improvement of prostate cancer care , research and education .
newton tried for years to leverage his connections in fandom into work at dc comics or marvel comics , but he was at a distinct disadvantage , living in arizona .
using this as leverage , sir percy attempts to manipulate rob into informing .
the alternative method did not directly regulate the overall leverage of a broker - dealer .
the focus is necessary because of the growing opportunity and responsibility to leverage nanotechnology to reduce pollution , conserve resources and , ultimately , build a " clean " environmentally sustainable economy as well as to address concerns for the safe and responsible the development of nanotechnology .
to leverage modern per - pixel lighting techniques in their games .
banking in italy has , as of 11 october 2008 , an average leverage ratio ( assets / liabilities ) of 12 to 1 , while the banks 's short - term liabilities are equal to 86% of the italian gdp or 43% of the italian national debt .
eif ’s commitment has helped leverage an additional $ 100 million allocation by the national institutes of health to advance the science of biomarker discovery .
coupled with educational reform , they were able to leverage this combination into a cheap , yet productive workforce .
using the brick as evidence , iad lieutenant kavanaugh used this evidence as leverage to make lem wear a listening device , primarily to gather evidence about the strike team 's role in the death of a police officer , terry crowley .
leverage via carry trades or derivatives may increase investment gains but also increases the corresponding risk of capital loss if / when the trend reverses .
he now appears on the new tnt television series " leverage " as a " hitter " ( previously " the muscle " ) who teams up with four other specialists to undo the injustices perpetrated upon the helpless .
to add leverage to the suit , konnan claimed that tna helped pay for scott steiner 's operation , but did not pay for ron killings 's surgery from around the same time .
derivatives allow leverage without borrowing explicitly , though the " effect " of borrowing is implicit in the cost of the derivative .
the new system was expected to be put into service by 1998 and its aim was to leverage the maximum from data collected and stored on british military and intelligence systems , with a reasonable response time , up to ' secret ' level .
press releases are partly driven by news coverage , to use existing news coverage as leverage to discuss ai 's human rights concerns .
these concentrate on a co - contraction of the triceps , biceps , deltoids , pectorals , lats , abdominals & lower back for stabilization in various ratios depending upon angle and leverage .
the leverage ratio for a typical curb bit is 1:4 ( where the ratio of upper and lower cheek is 1:3 ) , in that one ounce of pressure by the rider will result in four ounces of pressure on the mouth of the horse .
although a sports writer for " the youngstown daily vindicator " predicted in october 1906 that the " popular " hogan would serve a fourth season as manager of the club , the ohio works manager appeared unwilling to negotiate the terms of a new contract without leverage .
professionals who wish to leverage their presentation skills with the urgency of physically being present attend general and exclusive events .
these partnerships further leverage interaction 's political , intellectual , and financial capital .
the match went back - and - forth with constant counters to each others moves outlined with swagger holding down the champion with pinfall attempts with christian maintaining resilience by hitting a number of signature moves before swagger caught christian in position for his finishing move , the gutwrench powerbomb , which was countered by christian by sliding behind him after being lifted onto his shoulder ; this was followed by christian grabbing swagger 's arms to attempt to execute his finishing move , the killswitch , only to have swagger muscle out of the position and turn around before christian pulled down the straps from his singlet , before swagger attempted a clothesline ducked by christian before catching him around the waist from behind , and rolling him to the mat on to his pack , using the singlet he compromised for extra leverage , getting the pin .
curb chains or straps have no effect on a true snaffle because there is no leverage to act upon .
cbu 's initiative set forth that one of the initial steps in the process of greater independence and self - reliance for cape breton island is to look at the jurisdictional power held within cbi 's municipal governments and find ways to augment and leverage it for economic growth .
these privileged trading conditions were to mark the relations , both in commercial terms and beyond , till their abolition with the treaty of lausanne in 1923 , and to gradually increasing disadvantage and decreasing leverage for the ottomans .
all applications leverage the same central database .
however , it also showed that by organising ourselves so that we could leverage our scale and play to our strengths we could improve our market competitiveness .
" leverage " ( 2009 ) .
meanwhile , sterns discovers that april 's boss charles pennington 's ( jay patterson ) son danny ( michael turney ) is in custody , arrested for trying to steal a car stereo , and uses it as leverage to talk to pennington about other matters .
through its first nine episodes , " leverage " averaged 3.2 million viewers and 1.4 million adults 18 - 49 in live + same day viewing .
yes , they diversify risk and direct it away from the banking system into the eventual hands of unknown buyers , but they multiply leverage like the andromeda strain .
earlier this year , the school debuted its center for global resource leverage : india .
casinos operated by many native american governments in the united states are creating a stream of gambling revenue that some communities are beginning to use as leverage to build diversified economies .
high leverage magnifies profits during boom periods and losses during downturns .
when groups of nile crocodiles are sharing a kill , they use each other for leverage , biting down hard and then twisting their body to tear off large pieces of meat .
some might argue that britain 's significant economic involvement in south africa provided some leverage with the south africa government , with both the uk and the us applying pressure on the government , and pushing for negotiations .
drishtipat tries to leverage technology to unite expatriate bangladeshis from all over the world to work on specific issues related to social justice in bangladesh .
topics are as varied as alternative fund raising , developing business plans and how best to leverage social media .
romm is also the executive director and founder of the non - profit center for energy and climate solutions , which helps businesses and u.s. states adopt high - leverage strategies for saving energy and cutting pollution and greenhouse gas emissions and is a principal of the capital e group , an energy technology consultant .
for example the authoritative " you will stop smoking " is likely to find less leverage on the unconscious level than " you can become a non - smoker " .
while in the case of a bond+call , the client would only get the remaining proceeds ( or initial cushion ) invested in an option , bought once and for all , the cppi provides leverage through a multiplier .
in 2004 after the graduation of several longtime station members , the radio station was renamed radiosnhu in order to leverage its closer ties with snhu .
the kaxixó claim the farm owners oppose kaxixó recognition because recognition will give the kaxixó more leverage with the local farm owners they work for .
jackson was able to use these conflicts as leverage to exit his contract early .
he makes one of them swear to serve him , and keeps its foot as leverage .
to be adequately capitalized under federal bank regulatory agency definitions , a bank holding company must have a tier 1 capital ratio of at least 4% , a combined tier 1 and tier 2 capital ratio of at least 8% , and a leverage ratio of at least 4% , and not be subject to a directive , order , or written agreement to meet and maintain specific capital levels .
this gave mintz leverage in demanding that disney accept a lower fee for producing the property or he would produce the films with his own group of animators .
reducing the ratio of issued preferred shares to capital shares ( e.g. , one preferred share for every two capital shares ) would reduce the risk and safely support higher yield for the preferred shares at the cost of making the capital shares less attractive to investors due to increased risk , lower sustainable yield payout and smaller capital gain leverage .
the risk may be magnified by high debt levels ( financial leverage ) among households and businesses , as has incurred in recent years .
other farmers unions were formed to provide leverage to sections of the community .
borrowing at a lower interest rate and investing the proceeds at a higher interest rate is a form of financial leverage .
contemporary data acquisition technology and off - the - shelf optical telecommunications devices now leverage the assembly of these systems within reasonable budgets .
this can be seen as china 's attempt to gain leverage against other power blocs , mainly india , within the indian ocean .. sri lanka also imports high - tech weapon systems from israel .
although most u.s. states operate under the 19th century doctrine of at - will employment ( which , in theory , allows an employer to fire an employee for any reason or no reason ) , american workers have gained significant legal leverage through discrimination and harassment laws , workplace safety laws , union - protection laws . etc .
however , this advice was not heeded by these institutions , which had used the boom times to increase their leverage ratio instead .
it is even discovered that garvey was at one time an illegal abortion clinic doctor and devlin uses this as leverage to re - hire dr. nathan so that he can look compassionate to voters .
it has also been suggested ( unsubstantiated ) that casablanca president neil bogart used the solo album as leverage against sean for song - writing agreements and compliance with the kiss project .
they usually have longer handles in comparison to their jaws than other pliers to provide better leverage .
commissaire morbier is her god - father and sometimes helps her on cases or with official leverage .
acquired , using less leverage in the acquisition .
language search engines are designed to leverage modern search technology to conduct searches based on the source words in context to ensure that the search results match the meaning of the source segments .
the pedersen rifle operated on the hesitation blowback principle : energy released by firing a cartridge immediately caused the breech to start moving rearward , but mechanical leverage built into the mechanism caused the actual opening of the breech to be delayed long enough so that pressure within the barrel would fall to a safe level .
the high elbows creates the leverage for the powerful torso and abdominal muscles to assist in the stroke .
training offers the most important leverage to personal and social development .
despite this setback juan continued in his threats to go public , claiming that the councilman no longer had any leverage over him as his grandmother had died and his cousin had been deported , both now being outside the realm of aceveda 's influence .
the oar 's button sets the leverage ratio between the inboard and outboard portions of the oar and therefore sets the gearing .
if the offset is in the direction of rotation , it has the effect of increasing the leverage applied to the crankshaft during the " power " stroke , and reducing thrust wasted against the cylinder wall .
adapa rules leverage the power of the leading java open - source rules engine drools which is supported by a strong community of developers and jboss , a division of red hat .
essentially , for chiang , fighting a full - scale war would bolster his public image among the chinese , but would undermine his political leverage , which was based on military strength , against other regional powers .
his options here including attempting to gain leverage on the lower back by hooking underneath the elbows ; throwing in a headlock ; and grabbing his opponent 's ankles and trying to get behind his opponent .
he was finally killed by barracuda , who was looking for leverage against castle .
lowering the margin requirement , conversely , would allow an increase in risk by expanding the buying power and leverage available to investors .
felidae 's focus on wild cat conservation is motivated by the belief that the study of wild cats can serve as a leverage point for addressing the broader environmental issues of habitat loss , human - nature interactions , and wildlife sustainability .
there are many riders who use leverage devices , which also can include not only draw reins and running reins , but also the running martingale , to force the horse into position .
coffee is the company ’s most purchased item , so it was decided to leverage the beverage 's popularity with consumers .
participants can leverage their social network within the event to form interest groups or find like - minded individuals .
organizations use this strategy to increase and leverage brand equity ( definition : the net worth and long - term sustainability just from the renowned name ) .
he created and serves as executive producer for the 2008 tnt tv series , " leverage " .
it stands to reason that steorn has re - tooled as a web marketing company , and is using the " free energy " promotion as a platform to show future clients how it can leverage print advertising and a slick web site to promote their products and ideas . "
eventtracker pulse is offered by prism microsystems as part of a corporate initiative to help system administrators better leverage log data .
an example of how we can leverage technology and our natural resources to grow our economy and ensure our energy future .
autism speaks and its predecessor organizations have strengthened public awareness for autism research , raised funds directly for research , and lobbied congress to leverage the privately - raised money with much greater public funds .
policies , laws , rules , organizational structures , and systematic procedures each serve as mechanisms to leverage , perpetuate , and instill adultism throughout society .
the eu announced an agreement for further sanctions against the military junta but some have conceded that its leverage with burma is limited and sanctions have so far controversially steered clear of its energy sector of which french oil giant total is a major investor .
it is the use of additional reins such as the overcheck , or the use of leverage to place the horse 's head in a set position that turns a classic surcingle into a bitting rig .
but these were turbulent times , punctuated by the black death and the evolving feudal order , in which labor inbalances due to plague deaths gave the common laborer leverage against his lords .
managed evolution applies to any new technology initiative that seeks to leverage existing assets .
part of its mission is to leverage educational and professional networking channels and encourage youth to seize overlooked opportunities .
this gives the clearest evidence that then mayor john hylan and the ind wanted a four track line in the bronx to give the most leverage in competing directly with the irt jerome avenue line and the former irt ninth avenue line to the west and to their hopes that the el will be torn down .
the pirates ' strategy was to link up with their comrades , who were holding russian , german , filipino and other hostages , and get phillips to somalia , where they could hide him , making it difficult to stage a rescue , giving the pirates more leverage and a stronger negotiating position .
hoshinjutsu techniques are based on simple movements and leverage , as opposed to athleticism or physical strength , meant for neutralizing the size and strength advantages of the attacker and techniques are drawn from martial systems from around the world .
the inability of senior management to successfully implement this program in the mid- to late-90 's turned out to be a huge opportunity lost , one that ford is desperately trying to leverage under the leadership of alan mulally in 2007 .
it will allow selling surplus bandwidth ( or " leverage price discrimination to recoup costs of ' consumer surplus ' " ) by moving them to the content providers .
rand appreciates that nynaeve legitimately cares for his well - being ( as opposed to the other woman who merely sees him as a tool to win the last battle ) , which gives her some leverage over cadsuane , but she is still off - put by rand 's increasingly cold demeanor .
the banking industry in france has , as of 11 october 2008 , an average leverage ratio ( assets / networth ) of 28 to 1 and its short - term liabilities are equal to 60% of the french gdp or 128% of its national debt .
the quantitative financial evaluation includes an extensive analysis of reported financial performance in the areas of profitability , leverage and liquidity .
this bit is generally considered a very mild mouthpiece , although this varies according to the type of bit leverage ( snaffle , pelham or curb ) , and improper use may make it harsh , since the majority of the bit pressure will be applied on the sensitive tongue .
the top five us investment banks each significantly increased their financial leverage during the 2004–2007 time period ( see diagram ) , which increased their vulnerability to the mbs losses .
their aim is to fully leverage this uniqueness in aggressively carrying out their convergence strategy so they can continue to emotionally touch and excite their customers .
given the high financial leverage and the group 's having initially paid above - market prices , many of their loans were underwater .
greater cooperation between the enterprises allows them to leverage technology for product enrichment ( through value - chain implementation ) , while reducing costs and risks with the relationship of destiny - sharing .
at more than 6'6 " tall , dan 's abnormally lengthy frame provided significant leverage that contributed to the impact on the trail .
specialized scissors , such as bolt cutters , exploit leverage by having a long handle but placing the material to be cut close to the fulcrum .
therefore leverage lowers tax payments .
the center looks for partnerships that leverage expertise in diverse fields and lead to innovative results .
he just finished a book with professor c.k. prahalad entitled the new age of innovation on global resource leverage .
she has shadow directed on showtime 's dexter ( tv series ) ( with steve schill ) and tnt 's leverage ( tv series ) ( with rod hardy . )
consumer leverage ratio .
the twelve leverage points to intervene in a system were proposed by donella meadows , a scientist and system analyst focused on environmental limits to economic growth .
a curb bit is a leverage bit , meaning that it multiplies the pressure applied by the rider .
this server role is designed to allow 3rd party developers to leverage the live communications server sip stack with a custom code running on top of it .
this led to nash hitting joe in the groin and placing his feet on the ropes for leverage in his winning pin attempt .
peter copies the file to a flash drive , explaining they can use it as leverage to get daphne back .
li’ follows the principle of leverage .
the company 's initial vision was to leverage microelectromechanical systems based sensor technology for motion - based input devices which are now popular in video game systems such as the nintendo wii .
on december 7 , 2008 , tnt debuted “ leverage , ” a new action - packed series from electric entertainment executive produced by devlin , who made his directorial debut on the pilot .
falk 's client list , with michael jordan its centerpiece , made him one of the primary movers and shakers in the nba , able to leverage teams into agreeing to his terms on contracts and trades .
using its size as leverage over the musical instrument business , it developed into the largest musical instrument retailer in the country , and made an initial public offering of stock in 1997 .
the three hope to use this as a leverage for revenge and have secretly joined force with the cao forces .
as a brand , emerson gains further leverage globally through various licensing agreements .
this leverage significantly increases resistance and slows the movement of the lightweight bolt .
using leverage .
despite its inability to be scaled into the megaton range , the detonation was used by soviet diplomats as leverage .
from this basis , the concept of an exocortex , the direct coupling of the human mind with computers to leverage their respective complementary strengths , can be viewed as a result of the ever increasing symbiotic coupling between human and computers .
the heavier barrel was designed to withstand the leverage from the naval cutlass bayonet but may have contributed to accuracy .
this meant that the boat could be made as narrow as possible , thus reducing surface area , without affecting the leverage exerted by the oarsmen .
rocco decides to attempt to gain some leverage to use against haas .
as a result , " elm " has a comparatively small crew for a ship her size , and she has to leverage technology quite extensively to make the most out of her crew .
this command will leverage space technology including satellites .
at the time , boats were wide in the beam because the oar was attached to the gunwales , and the oarsman needed sufficient leverage .
following the invention of paired stirrups , which allowed a rider greater leverage with weapons , as well as both increased stability and mobility while mounted , nomadic groups such as the mongols adopted this technology and developed a decisive military advantage .
gilliam is also a part - time actor , a member of the screen actors guild who has appeared in one episode of the television series " leverage " .
the margin requirement is usually only a low percentage of the total value of the transaction , this creates the so - called leverage effect .
operating leverage .
the positive furor over the kiqq playtest provided dowd with the leverage needed to convince scotti bros. to offer a contract for yankovic 's first album .
the glocal forum builds partnerships with public and private international institutions , to leverage assets , replicate projects and increase the impact of activities .
richard also played a small role on tnt 's hit show leverage playing the part of a corupt mayor in the second season finale .
the so - called " mechanical hackamore " or " hackamore bit " is basically a hybrid bridle / hackamore made up of a noseband with shanks and a curb strap or chain that can put considerable leverage on the jaw and poll .
general juma then orders his men to search the white house for olivia to use as leverage to get the president out of the safe .
she is close to the ministers and politicians from clarence royce 's era and frequently uses that influence as leverage against carcetti .
its extensive coastlines on the persian gulf and red sea provide great leverage on shipping ( especially crude oil ) through the persian gulf and suez canal .
these regulations typically include restrictions on short selling , the use of derivatives and leverage , fee structures , and on the liquidity of interests in the fund .
the available evidence suggests these are not major ( especially relative to the u.s. which supplies about 50% of the world ’s weapons ) and hence the direct leverage of the peoples liberation army or the civilian ministries is probably modest in african conflicts .
the social revolution was opposed by both the soviet - supported communists and the democratic republicans and as the war progressed , the government and the communists were able to leverage their access to soviet arms to restore government control over the war effort , both through diplomacy and force .
the operator is hoping to leverage these technologies to introduce innovative vas , as well as micro - segmented tariffs for subscribers .
twelve leverage points .
secondly , he argues that every resource you need is already available to you since through the power of leverage you can access money , databases , distribution , credibility or anything else you might need via joint ventures .
it was founded by 800 u.s. post office employees who wanted to leverage their buying power by purchasing goods directly from wholesalers .
since the choke relies of the leverage created by the gripping of a sleeve , it must be altered slightly to be performed without a gi .
they , rather , want to leverage india ’s growing power and influence in favour of their broader nonproliferation and counter proliferation objectives .
