after the patient ’s head is secured in a metal frame , the surgeon maps the patient ’s brain to locate the thalamus .
the neck joint is locate further , at the 22 fret .
they locate crawford in the attic with the resonator , reliving the night of edward 's death .
in return for her assistance , uriel requests that alvin and his friends locate a hidden cache of galactic technology .
the fleet pilot reports what the minister has done to tannis , but he is not surprised at all and orders him to locate the minister .
in 2008 it was ranked the second best city to locate a business in the uk after london , and the fourteenth best city in europe .
the game setting was a fun house that the player had to explore in order to locate a set of secret plans , solving puzzles along the way . "
joint stars evolved from separate united states army and air force programs to develop , detect , locate and attack enemy armor at ranges beyond the forward area of troops .
as soon as she was reported missing , friends and neighbors in the close - knit community began a massive search to locate cary or the man whose car she was last seen in .
the street 's name is likely linked to the old dairy farm ice house locate on the street and erected in 1911 .
the only one who can locate them effortlessly is cameron phillips , a mysterious cyborg sent by the future john connor .
the mtva ’s mission has been to coordinate the recovery and the initial rebuilding of that infrastructure at the empire state building , and to locate and develop permanent facilities to replace those lost in 2001 .
in 1929 , the bready cultimotor tractor company became the first industrial company to locate in solon .
with the assistant from their caretaker and bus driver , kandor of kandrakar , w.i.t.c.h. was able to locate magical children from all over the city and offering to help teach them on how to control their powers .
emma channels the cuckoos ' telepathy into her own using cerebra in an attempt to locate the source of the psi - blockade but is left comatose .
for the purist the hardest part to locate on a mk1 scootacar is the rear light unit .
smoke divers were used to try to locate the three people who had not gotten out .
the goal here is to locate the technodrome somewhere underground ; in fact , the technodrome itself is the level 's guardian .
initially , dtcs were regarded as a strategic mechanism for increasing capacity in interdisciplinary research activities such as the life sciences interface and complexity science , areas that were difficult to locate within a traditional university 's departmental organisation .
for several years , hollywood developer charles e. toberman attempted to convince sid grauman to locate in hollywood .
semantic advertising is a valuable technology because it increases an advertiser ’s return on investment and allows an internet user to more easily locate an appropriate product or service .
they locate the professor , who is unconscious and hooked to a life - support system .
despite her anger , however , she feels a strong desire to locate her birth - mother before creating her own family .
thus , the beetle can locate dead animals ( carcass ) , and then as the name suggests , can bury them .
with the help of don , alan , and david , charlie snaps out of it to locate amita .
dr. alonzo garcelon convinced cheney and knowlton to locate the school in lewiston , maine 's fastest - growing industrial and commercial center .
then it worms its tongue into the tunnel to try to locate the grub .
internet recruiting is the act of scouring the internet to locate both actively - searching job seekers and also individuals who are content in their current position ( these are called " passive candidates " ) .
a few months later , colleen began helping new friend kevin locate jana .
while the boundary between the lobes , the central sulcus , is easy to locate on the lateral surface of the cerebral hemispheres , this boundary is often discerned in a cytoarchetectonic manner in cases where the central sulcus is not visible on the medial surface .
on 17 august 1944 , near la lande , france , he climbed on top of a knocked - out tank , in the face of withering machinegun fire which had halted the advance of his company , in an effort to locate the source of this fire .
a large number of the bodies were dropped into the area 's many pits , making it difficult to locate all casualties .
should one be so inclined , one way to locate the source of a leak in a tire ( a standard passenger tire being used for this example ) is to inflate the tire to 50 - 60 psi and place the tire and wheel in a tank of water and watch for bubbles .
in 1925 , dr. charles eastman , a dakota sioux physician , was hired by the bureau of indian affairs to locate sacagawea 's remains .
historians of lesbianism have cited the work as early evidence of public awareness that a lesbian culture existed within eighteenth century england , and locate its references to sappho as early indicators that that term was coming into general usage to describe lesbians .
even though the police soon came to suspect the son , fredrik , it took a few hours before they were able to locate him .
they use an mri to locate the source of the hyper - cortisolism .
this section of the book documents horwitz 's journey to hollywood , where he gamely tries to locate the surviving western film stars .
visiongauge online optical character recognition and verification systems for industrial applications are able to automatically locate , read , and verify text strings .
the united states coast guard operates a model called the hu-25 guardian which is used as a high - speed spotter aircraft to locate shipwreck survivors and direct slower - moving aircraft and rescue vessels , and interdict aerial and shipborne drug trafficking .
unable to locate them he looked more seriously into creating the device .
in january 2010 siegel announced that she would oppose a plan to locate a permanent , privately - funded houston dynamo stadium at the intersection of south rice and westpark , near bellaire .
they locate the " dragon orb " and a broken artifact that may have once been a dragonlance .
brand gives scott and the x - men time to investigate before she brings in s.w.o.r.d. with the help of wolverine , the x - men locate tian , which is an uncharted area of china that no surveillance or satellite system can get through , not even the chinese government .
after night fell , two squads of guards entered the prison to locate and rescue the captive officers .
both of them locate tony zucco and send him to jail .
he traveled from the philippines to the united states a month after winning his wba belt to locate his father , morris east , sr .
even earlier , he participated in the operation to locate the plane of sigizmund levanevsky , which disappeared in the arctic .
however , he did eventually locate her , and used his ring to leave a mark on her face whilst she slept .
the air accidents investigation branch ( aaib ) chartered the seismic survey vessel " vigilant " for its initial investigation , which arrived on site on 3 april , carrying specialised sonar equipment to locate the wreckage on the seabed .
these feelings are intensified when he receives a phone call from his father , who has learned that dave got to spend time with the guest lecturer ( loren 's disguise so he could locate five people for the celebration ) without inviting vincent to join them .
during her confinement she had asked her midwife to locate a couple of sufficient kindness and generosity to entrust with her child 's upbringing for the pittance polly could afford to contribute .
through her , siringo intended to locate the gang .
he finds jill and they locate joe at a carnival where he is wreaking havoc .
while some had presumed that screenshots of this build were fake because of this seemingly obvious mistake , microsoft later explained that this was merely a test of some new code to locate and reduce the number of places in the operating system code that the name was defined .
neurosurgeons use specialized equipment to precisely locate an area of the thalamus , usually choosing to work on only one side ( the side opposite that of the worst tremors ) .
because damage to the cable can cause reflections , an instrument called an electrical time domain reflectometer etdr ( for electrical cables ) or an optical time domain reflectometer otdr ( for optical cables ) can be used to locate the damaged part of a cable .
in burke 's novel , dead connection , ellie hatcher tracks a serial killer who uses an online dating service to locate his victims .
with the two members of cyberforce captured by the sentinels , a wandering wolverine and psylocke locate and free the two metahumans , then both teams destroy the sentinels .
in the second fast forward of the race , the team had to locate a harbor in corsica , and dress in old - style diving suits weighing more than each .
a report published in " science " ( vol 313 ; sept. 29 , 2006 ) by runyon , mescher , and de moraes , researchers at penn state university , demonstrates that dodder use airborne ( volatile ) chemical cues to locate their host plants .
some machines have acquired various forms of semi - autonomy , including the ability to locate their own power sources and choose targets to attack with weapons .
in young 's scheme , the genius was still somewhat external in its origin , but romantic poets would soon locate its origin wholly within the poet .
gulls , expert sea searchers by nature , could locate and report life rafts and swimmers far offshore .
he was send to suriname by the dutch government to locate gold .
the role of the cyprid is to successfully locate , and attach to , surfaces conducive to adult growth and survival .
a helium mass spectrometer is an instrument commonly used to detect and locate small leaks .
eventually ctu forces locate marwan .
some time after " no man 's land " ends , the jla disappears on a mission to locate aquaman and atlantis ( the obsidian age ) .
" yesterday " ( 예스터데이 - yeseuteodeyi ) is a 2002 science fiction / action movie set in a unified korean peninsula in the year 2020 when an agent from the special investigations unit ( si or siu ) tries to locate and take down a serial killer , who is only known for the alias " goliath " as based from the bible for murdering ex - government scientists responsible for a government black ops project funded by the former south korean government in the 20th century . the movie stars kim seung - woo , yunjin kim and choi min - soo .
adgs are trained and equipped to locate , fix and destroy enemy ground forces , ideally during the reconnaissance phase of any intended attack on raaf assets .
it also has a very imprecise holotype locality record which made it difficult to locate .
on may 4 , violetunderground.com launched , with violet asking players to help her locate a leak in her new apartment building .
scholars like jayachandra vidyalankar , moti chandra etc locate kambojas in badakshan , as neighbors to bahlikas and say that the daradas had come as allies of kambojas in the badakshan battle with arjuna .
they try to locate the truck escorting sultana khanum .
after tammo and russa locate and join up with the long patrol , they learn that an evil band of vermin , called rapscallion , are parading right towards redwall , an abby in the wood of mossflower .
in order to effectively recover and locate bad debtors and get them to pay what they owe their client(s ) , forensic collections agents have become adept and conversant in evidence collection and management , managing the incident scene , the investigation of computer systems , disks , and file structures , extracting and preserving computer and electronic evidence , e - mail and internet investigations , cell phone and pda investigations , and other digital footprints debtors invariably leave behind .
in new york , michael and dwight locate ryan after discovering which club ryan frequents ; the latter appears to be under the influence of drugs but michael and dwight do not notice .
cornish tries to tie this to wittgenstein 's arguments against the idea of " mental privacy " and in conclusion says " i have attempted to locate the source of the holocaust in a perversion of early aryan religious doctrines about the ultimate nature of man " .
however some scholars point instead to a range of ancient inscriptions which locate punt in arabia .
modern scholars locate the town at the village of tahtalı ( ) .
the last ships in wright 's column , " lamson " and " lardner " , failed to locate any targets and exited the battle area to the east after being mistakenly fired on by machine guns from " new orleans " .
coelacanths are also known to swim head down , backwards or belly up to locate their prey , presumably utilizing their rostral gland .
if intermediate inputs are tradable , there forms a core - periphery notion that will have many firms locate near each other to be closer to their needed sources .
in order to locate the crash site , the gsm operator subscribing güneş 's mobile phone was contacted .
the committee was told that the original document was given to ottoman officials in athens in 1801 , but researchers have so far failed to locate any traces of it despite the fact that the ottoman archives still hold an outstanding number of similar documents dating from the same period .
geophysical methods such as seismic , gravity or magnetics may be used to locate buried river channels that are likely locations for placer gold .
in order to calculate an antisca point , one must take the degree of the planet that he wants to locate the antiscia for and subtract it from 30 degrees .
known as the arcobaleno 's best spellcaster , viper has the ability to cast illusions , as well as being able to locate any person by sneezing into a piece of paper ( he carries a roll of paper with him ) ; the spit or mucus that sticks to the paper shows a map leading to the desired person .
tri - cell is one of several location based services technologies that are used to locate or track the location of a mobile phone .
after the seizure of the revolutionary capital by charles cornwallis on september 26 , 1777 , william howe left 3,462 men to defend it and moved 9,728 men to germantown , north , determined to locate and destroy the american forces .
eventually , arthur and clark locate and destroy the weapon outright .
michael soon learns robin is in trouble when kitt 's scanners locate robin trapped in a tank that is being used for shelling practice .
the earliest greek manuscripts of matthew , which precede the textual alteration made by origen , locate the miracle to be within the “ country of the gadarenes ”
peter 's commanding officer ( jack hawkins ) needs desperately to locate this target and orders him to find it at any cost .
they later locate madison jeffries ..
although they did not locate the coordinates for the base , they did learn that the sldf had set up a special astronomical survey station on the northern continent of the planet apollo .
walt hired a consultant , harrison price from stanford research institute , to gauge the proper area to locate the theme park based on the area 's potential growth .
his article cites linguistic research that may locate the roots of this phrase much earlier .
after lord nudd has surrounded the king 's northern stronghold , lewis ( now llyd ) undertakes a desperate bid to locate the song of albion , the only hope of stopping nudd , beneath the palace .
during world war ii , the raf winkleigh airfield was used by the rnaf from 1944 as the main training centre in the uk after norway shifted from little norway in toronto canada to re - locate the training facilities to a place nearer to the war theatre
psicorps ' plan succeeded and it was possible to move elite forces back in time and locate their master .
ito attempted to locate territory suitable for jewish settlement in various parts of america ( e.g. galveston , alaska ) , africa ( in angola , establishing several contacts with the portuguese government , the colonial power at the time ) , asia , and australia , but with little success .
traditionally associated with wilderness zones , ground search and rescue services are increasingly required in urban and suburban areas to locate persons with alzheimer 's disease , autism , dementia , or other conditions that lead to wandering behaviour .
he is the author / coauthor of a number of books including " where once we walked " , a gazetteer which provides information about 23,500 towns ( citing 37,000 place names ) in central and eastern europe where jews lived before the holocaust , " how to document victims and locate survivors of the holocaust " , and " getting started in jewish genealogy " .
in september 2009 , the wyre gained permission from ofcom to leave town and co - locate with telford fm in shropshire but the output still remains totally for north worcestershire with local news and information .
comparing the two images , the player has to locate and find the inaccuracies or changes from the top screen to the touch screen .
in that same issue , fatality is converted into a star sapphire , and orders her ring to locate john stewart .
during surgery , the surgeon can use a probe sensitive to gamma rays to locate the overactive parathyroid before removing it .
stencil jumping , at times called stencil walking , is an algorithm to locate the grid element enclosing a given point for any structured mesh .
alexis scans half the sky with its three paired sets of euv telescopes , although it can not locate any events with high resolution .
köpcke was soon able to locate a small stream .
intergraph ’s border security systems for military and government organizations use third - party video , sensor technology , and wide area surveillance equipment to enable users to locate and coordinate valuable assets and see potential threats .
shortly later , foggy and glorianna o'breen ( a recent ex - girlfriend of matt ) fall in love with each other as they are unsuccessfully trying to locate murdock ( who is the victim of a plot by the kingpin to bring him down ) .
thus , it was not altogether surprising that the israeli national intelligence agency mossad was recruited to locate and bring dikko back to nigeria to stand trial .
one of the other main applications for ground penetration radars to locate underground utilities .
duke university will also locate its institute for translational medicine to the nc research campus .
after evading and disposing of many dinosaurs , regina and the team manage to locate kirk and apprehend him .
flotsam that may have been wreckage from the aircraft was seen from the air three days later but surface ships failed to locate it in rough seas ; the aircraft had effectively vanished .
consider an fcc compound unit cell . locate a primitive unit cell of the fcc , i.e. , a unit cell with one lattice point .
additionally , authorities could not locate any other drug paraphernalia that liston presumably would have needed to inject the fatal dose , such as a spoon to cook the heroin or an appendage to wrap around his arm .
users can employ these to re - locate or re - orient an object .
radio collars are being attached to foxes in an effort to track and locate the young foxes .
admiral fletcher , in tactical command , ordered admiral spruance 's tf16 to locate the enemy carrier force and strike them as soon as they were found .
james clark ross 's 1839–43 antarctic expedition in hms " erebus " and hms " terror " was a full - scale royal naval enterprise , the principal function of which was to test current theories on magnetism , and to try and locate the south magnetic pole .
brown 's ability to locate items is an integral part of the game , used in every chapter of " rule of rose " to progress further .
ricky escapes and travels with his older brother in order to locate a way out of town .
the french supreme command in indochina under general jean - etienne valluy realized that the recent tactics of minor assaults to locate the headquarters of the viet minh would not lead to an end of the war .
query terms are divided into sets of 2-grams which are used to locate similarly matching terms from the inverted index .
other organisms are not profitable for potential predators even if they do locate them .
the important task for the team is to locate the missing baby and stop the kidney transplant procedure before it is too late .
as an asiatic ruler during egypt 's fragmented second intermediate period , yaqub - har time is difficult to locate chronologically .
because nest freemark , a magical savant , gave birth to the gypsy morph , logan is given her bones so he may use them to locate it .
they did the work , the sensors were planted , and he was able to locate nuclear explosions to within 15 kilometers of where they were occurring .
this aids arriving firefighters in determining how much water is available and whether to call for additional resources , or locate another hydrant .
the four jewels " also refers to the cities , but appears to locate them at " lochlann " and contends that the tuatha dé crossed the seas in their fleet rather than in a mist .
in distributed computing , the reference may contain more than an address or identifier ; it may also include an embedded specification of the network protocols used to locate and access the referenced object , the way information is encoded or serialized .
a short time later , around afternoon , granquiss went missing and the crew were unable to locate him on the ship .
in the 1980s and 1990s , researchers performed the first trial of gene therapy in humans and are now able to locate , identify , and describe the function of many genes in the human genome .
it was at that spot the ancestors of danboka ( manguzawa on the rocks ) who came around the place from daura are happened to locate muhammadu gido and offered him assistance in feeding his horses and urged him to stay with them .
the exhibition intends to locate its offices in the building after its restoration .
on june 18 , 2008 , german car manufacturer daimler announced that it would locate a mercedes - benz manufacturing plant in kecskemet at an investment of 800 million euros .
there were some who thought it hopeless to try , declaring that to locate a cable two - and - a - half miles down would be like looking for a small needle in a large haystack .
norfolk had long courted upscale seattle - based retailer nordstrom to locate in norfolk and economic development officials made numerous appeals to the luxury department store .
while chapman 's proposal was ultimately not used in chain home , the multilateration technique is now commonly used in civil and military surveillance applications to accurately locate aircraft , vehicles and stationary emitters .
inspiring testimonies bridge geographical differences to locate shared experiences of isolation and exoticisation but also the unremitting joys and solidarity of being khush .
after escaping from the men , involving some physical contact , he goes home , cleans up and then uses his psychic magnetism to locate annamaria .
to achieve this goal , they must locate artifacts called " pieces of eden " .
( some picking did occurr on the ground level of the coal breaker , where boys would locate good pieces of coal in the culm and return it to the " clean " coal stream . )
when a black power ring takes possession of his corpse , ted kord , unable to locate booster gold due to his new time - travelling duties , lures him in the open by targeting daniel carter and rose levin , his 21st century ancestry .
in these particular groups of sea snails the animal has a soft tubular anterior extension of the mantle called a siphon through which water is drawn into the mantle cavity and over the gill and which serves as a chemoreceptor to locate food .
returning from triton , jack learns that troy has been kia on mars while attempting to locate a mysterious psionic orb .
shortly after the doctor leaves brannigan 's van , novice hame , who has been sent by the face of boe to locate the doctor , enters brannigan 's van , chasing after him .
to locate a team in your area , contact the cleft palate foundation .
the next day , in heavy weather and unable to locate the convoy , bey detached the destroyers and sent them south , leaving " scharnhorst " alone .
the worldwide network , known collectively as " iron horse " , could locate an hf communications from almost anywhere on the planet .
oates became a drifter , settling in texas for a couple of years before returning to alabama at the urging of his younger brother john , who had been dispatched by the family to locate him .
any of the above means can locate the same image .
with less than an hour until detonation , scarlet and blue immediately fly out to london . jupiter way is discounted and the officers locate the transporter at park view in their spectrum pursuit vehicle .
when the scarlet witch altered reality so magneto ruled over the earth and mutants were the dominant species , professor x is initially depicted as missing ; wolverine attempts to locate him but his search turns up fruitless .
the local purchase office had one of the most interesting jobs driving all over the island , which was a shoppers’ paradise , trying to locate stores .
unwilling to re - locate to italy , barnard 's 1997 f310b was to be his last design when todt appointed south african rory byrne as chief designer and englishman ross brawn as technical director .
roman had been asking niko to come to liberty city to share his lavish life of a mansion , cars , money and women , which niko desired , but his eventual taking roman up on his invitation was primarily motivated by needing to locate cravic and evade bulgarin 's wrath .
spike and jazz enter the rally and manage to slip away and locate the decepticons .
an automated approach utilizes repository - based software to locate logical connections inherent within applications and extract them into a predetermined business rules format .
key features include identification of points of interest in the sound that can be extracted into sinusoidal ( deterministic ) , transient ( bursty ) and stochastic ( noisy ) templates ; transformation of sound components independently of the background and/or other events ; continual resynthesis of background texture using wavelet - tree learning algorithm ; and the use of similarity based retrieval to locate other interesting sound components .
as jetfire attempted to locate him through spacebridge links to other dimensions , one of these clearly shows big convoy .
following the oslo airport localization controversy in the 1980s and early 1990s , parliament decided to locate the new main airport for eastern norway at gardermoen , north of oslo .
however , he instead ends up constructing incendiary devices so that an american submarine can locate and sink the ship at night .
l.g. head , a member of the crew of hsl 128 remembered that when they picked him out of the water he was most concerned for he was unable to locate a small bible that he had been given by his mother .
combined with hayes , she works to help jack locate the passenger on a private plane in possession of the audio tape implicating logan in palmer 's death .
the intention is that these sources will help contributors to be less reliant on transient web sources , and help them to locate sources in their community libraries .
it can detect and locate moving personnel at ranges of 6 km and vehicles at ranges of 10 km , day or night under virtually all weather conditions .
many other local homebased businesses and an active agricultural community make the community attractive for both residents and business to locate in .
their faeces are especially pungent , and this helps sloths locate one another in the breeding season .
by scouting for new white bryony plants every year , and cutting / removing new growth immediately and repeatedly throughout the growing season , one can return in the autumn to locate and sever roots of new plants .
mattie 's call is a law enforcement initiated alert system to locate missing elderly , or otherwise disabled persons .
how did you locate them , contact them , and set up the visit ?
in 1750 , johann meyer produced the first reliable set of lunar coordinates that would enable astronomers to locate features on the moon .
what no one knows however , including the plutonian , is that samsara 's damaged mind is currently being inhabited by modeus , who abandoned his body and sent his mind into samsara 's body , which he considered to be " the safest place on earth " ( this being why plutonian could not locate his enemy ) .
many gps receivers , both military and civilian , now offer integrated cartographic databases ( also known as " base maps " ) , allowing users to locate a point on a map and define it as a waypoint .
the arg offered a $ 200,000 prize to the first player to locate the buried receda cube and was funded by the sale of puzzle cards .
another factor was that , with the development of steam - based power technology , it became possible to locate industry away from sources of water power .
this technology greatly assisted doctors to locate shrapnel in wounded soldiers , but it was crude and led to both marie and irène , who were serving as nurse radiographers , to suffer large doses of radiation exposure .
in ancient times this land was marshy wilderness and the decision to locate the castle on the rock may have been taken with a view to the castle 's defensive position in mind .
the game is partially combat - oriented , though features an inventory system with a range of equipment to locate and choose from .
for radio - opaque objects , x - rays of the neck , chest and abdomen can be used to locate the foreign body and assist endoscopy .
with their acute sense of hearing , they can locate small mammals in thick grass , and they jump high in the air to pounce on the prey .
the ultrasound probe is used to locate gall stones which may have migrated into the common bile duct .
arkwright intervenes on the royalist side in order to draw out the disruptors and locate and destroy firefrost .
when the eastern suburbs line was under construction in the 1960s and 1970s , the plan was to locate a station in a closed off grass cutting backing onto the backyards of properties on four surrounding streets .
( mostly written as zexcs ) is a japanese animation studio locate in koganei , tokyo , japan .
others prefer to name this script as south lusitanian , because almost all the southwestern inscriptions have been found in the south of portugal ( an area included in the roman province of lusitania ) , where the greek and roman sources locate the pre - roman conii or cynetes people , instead in the zone generally considered tartessian ( between huelva and the guadalquivir valley ) .
penguins have an average sense of hearing for birds ; this is used by parents and chicks to locate one another in crowded colonies .
reaching the summit the teams are required to locate rock - filled bags amongst ruins which they form into an occitan cross .
unable to locate additional targets in the vicinity , 2d lt .
due to the varied terrain , the direction finder has to be used to locate the pilots , whose visual beacons are often masked by mountain ridges .
on may 12 , 1980 , vito again managed to locate patrick penny .
the website also includes links to further information for professionals , and how to locate local a.a. meetings .
for instance it does not have the commands getkey , locate , text or matrices or complex numbers , and the screen is smaller .
they use echolocation to detect tiny ripples in the water ’s surface to locate fish .
b. minima " eggs are tiny and difficult to locate ; some breeders prefer to leave them in their enclosure until hatching .
elliot has been smuggled in by the alterian corps in the guise of a rigellian trooper with a mission to locate the whereabouts of the doomsday machine and report to harper who is to follow one week later .
users of occupational data include government program managers , industrial and labor relations practitioners , students considering career training , job seekers , vocational training schools , and employers wishing to set salary scales or locate a new plant .
each of the articles about rivers in illinois should locate that river within the list of watersheds .
this electric organ is thought to function in communication , and may help potential mates locate one another .
as valve guides wear , their ability to positively locate the valve to the valve seat decreases .
the " node id " serves not only as identification , but the kademlia algorithm uses the " node id " to locate values ( usually file hashes or keywords ) .
researchers are attempting to locate relatives of crew members from " sydney " , for the purposes of dna matching .
perkins was unable to locate the lines where welles dubbed his voice .
this was primarily due to the antiquated strategy of the imperial japanese navy general staff , which viewed submarines as little more than scouts , whose main role was to locate and shadow enemy naval task forces in preparation for a decisive surface conflict .
however , unlike old world vultures , which find carcasses by sight , new world vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate carrion .
after bond uncovers vesper 's betrayal , he runs across the city trying to locate her and finds her about to hand off the funds from the poker game with le chiffre to gettler .
using their excellent sense of smell to locate the mark ( or bird ) , the irish will then hold a pointing position , indicating the direction in which the bird lies hidden .
when his platoon was pinned down by heavy fire from enemy mortars , machineguns , machine pistols , and rifles , he climbed in advance of his squad on a maneuver around the left flank to locate and eliminate the enemy gun positions .
a game server browser , or game scanner , is an application enabling users to locate online multiplayer servers for various compatible pc games .
in either case , don luis soon set about attempting to locate his native village , which he had not seen in ten years .
during season 3 , both angela and hodgins attempt to locate barasa , even going so far as to hire a private detective , and he is eventually found .
in october 2006 , kansas - based alternative energy sources incorporated announced that they would locate an ethanol plant in greenville .
team southie boys , having temporarily given up on the card catalogue , searched for a while then returned to the catalogue to locate the final book .
most snuffles styles have a limited production run and are hard to locate once they have been discontinued .
heuck provided a foreword for marc salzman 's " dvd confidential " , a non - fiction book designed to help dvd watchers locate hidden easter eggs .
" unfortunately , he does n’t know enough about the history , culture and practice of graphic design to analyze the visual aspects of bubbles’ work with any precision or nuance , or to locate him with authoritative detail on the maps of british and international graphic design .
meanwhile , michael drops in on lucille in his quest to locate the flight records he needed from george sr .
numerous indologists locate original kamboja in pamirs and badakshan and the parama kamboja further north , in the trans - pamirian territories comprising zeravshan valley , north up parts of sogdhiana / fargana — in the sakadvipa or scythia of the classical writers .
later the sisters and darryl team up to locate her and restore her to health , albeit with a convenient dose of hollywood amnesia , which they constantly fear will slip leading her to recall her investigations .
urban winery is a recent phenomenon whereby a wine producer chooses to locate their winemaking facility in an urban setting within a city rather than in the traditional rural setting near the vineyards .
it took two days to locate and collect all of the pieces of the car –
george and weedon grossmith locate their aspirational mr pooter in tufnell park ( upper holloway ) in diary of a nobody .
the job of the " alert " was to locate and cut the five german cables heading into the atlantic .
they also attempt to locate and form an anti - kzin alliance with the pierin aliens ( although according to the ringworld rpg , the pierin may already be enslaved at this point ) .
the mica software helps to locate articles in these volumes by providing a search system based on key words .
he sealed the hare inside a ceramic hare - shaped casket ( both to protect the prize from the soil , and foil any attempts to locate the treasure with a metal detector ) .
kendall square is more recently famous for the number of biotechnology and information technology firms which have chosen to locate there , lured by the proximity of the massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) campus on the south side of main street .
landmine and mudflap are dispatched to aid him , and in the montage of still images that runs through the closing credits , it seems their mission to locate him is a success ...
when they locate and track a massive asteroid on a collision course for earth , madison takes her findings to government scientist covington ( labelle ) .
he states his reasons for doing so were to maintain his pride , however , it is later revealed that byakuya true intentions were to stay close to muramasa so that he could locate and kill muramasa 's soul reaper kouga kuchiki for dishonoring the kuchiki clan .
prowl fills in the " search " role of the emergency team 's search and rescue missions , using his acute senses and radar capabilities to locate survivors in the aftermath of battles .
if you have a camera you like , locate a dedicated housing for it as soon as you can .
at the local level there is the spokane area economic development council , which works with businesses to locate and utilize local and state business incentives .
by 1971 the south wales coalfield history project was set up , funded by the social science research council , to specifically locate and collect manuscript and printed material of archival significance .
such sonar can often be used to locate an upstanding structure , such as a shipwreck , once gps has placed the research vessel in approximately the right location .
exactly opposite to the temple you can locate the very beautiful nrupatunga betta .
these were the only bugatti models to locate the carburettor on the left hand side of the engine and the exhaust on the right .
colonel raymond foerster interrupts to tell bunk that his work on the dozerman shooting is not over and that he needs to locate the weapon .
however , galaxon refuses to leave zarru in order to be boltar ’s pilot , and , instead , appoints flexor , and , in an effort to prove to galaxon that he is skilled enough , zarru sets out to locate the terrakors .
however , unlike old world vultures , which find carcasses by sight , new world vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate carrion .
the pathfinder teams dropped approximately thirty minutes before the main body in order to locate designated drop zones and provide radio and visual guides for the main force in order to improve the accuracy of the jump .
in the movie " the incredibles " , mirage uses her beauty and charm to locate and hire former superheroes to test syndrome 's omnidroids .
los angeles private - eye philip marlowe is trying to locate the brother of his new client , a woman named orfamay quest .
the regiments failed to locate the lanes cleared by the leading units through the axis minefields and were virtually annihilated by german anti - tank fire while trying to find the lanes .
the rng process is particularly attractive to attackers because it is typically a single isolated hardware or software component easy to locate .
under the influence of the drug he helps them locate the real antidote .
after the railroad opted to locate it 's mid - point terminal on the omaha to denver route in mccook rather than in indianola ( mccook offered free land for the rail yard whereas a private citizen in indianola requested a large sum for his land thinking it was a done deal ) , population shifted to mccook and after several attempts , some violent , the county offices were moved to mccook .
the incubator , which boasts more than a dozen business tenants , has recently completed construction on the taft technology center , where some of its largest tenants will locate their offices .
