in a league match against chelsea at bloomfield road on october 24 , 1971 , blackpool were leading 3–0 when the londoners fought back to make the scoreline 3–3 .
in 1886 the city of london corporation acquired what was by then known as gravelpit wood ( so named in 1863 on account of a gravel pit used to source gravel for roads in the district ) from the ecclesiastical commissioners at no charge on condition that it was " maintained in perpetuity for the benefit of londoners " .
today , certain elements of cockney english are declining in usage within the area it is most associated with , displaced by a jamaican creole - influenced variety popular among young londoners ( sometimes referred to as " jafaican " ) , particularly , though far from exclusively , those of afro - caribbean descent .
the leaders committee is made up of all the leaders of london 's boroughs and meets once a month to discuss and agree policy issues of importance to londoners and their councils .
lgr has also recently increased its english air - time due to a lack of greek - speaking young londoners listening , particularly in the evenings as part of their " new generation " scheme .
the theme was " sherlock holmes murdered ? " and participants were requested to dress up as 19th century londoners .
it also develops policy , lobbies government and others , and runs a range of direct services designed to make life better for londoners .
the school has three houses : gresham , hale and whittington ( colours green , red and blue respectively).these are named after the influential londoners and school benefactors sir thomas gresham , warren stormes hale and richard whittington .
up to the mid - nineteenth century , camberwell was visited by londoners for its rural tranquillity and the reputed healing properties of its mineral springs .
for example , londoners of greek origin ( from both greece and cyprus ) who reside in greater london number 300,000 , since an organised greek community has been established for nearly two centuries .
in november of this year she also launched the npower greener schools programme , which aims to give schools in the uk a ' green makeover ' by providing free energy audits , implementing tailor - made energy efficiency measures to reduce their carbon footprint , and educating children on how to be greener she also launched capital radio 's capital 95.8 ' lights out london ' campaign , which asks londoners to switch off their lights for one hour in a bid to save 750 mwh and send a message to the world on the importance of climate change .
regent street is one of the major shopping streets in london 's west end , well known to tourists and londoners alike , and famous for its christmas illuminations .
at the end of 1940 , with every night 's german bombing raid , londoners who might not necessarily see each other the next morning often closed their conversations not just with " good night , " but with " good night , and good luck .
in june 2007 the labour mayor , ken livingstone , refused to re - appoint all but one of the conservative and liberal democrat lfepa members on the grounds that " the nominations failed to tackle the under representation of women and black , asian and ethnic minority londoners on the authority . " .
this lack of accountability made it unpopular with londoners , especially in its latter years when it fell prey to corruption .
the boy , who has been cruelly tortured and then murdered , was attending bredgar chambers on a scholarship ; his parents , who are lower middle class londoners , were his adoptive rather than his natural parents ; in fact the boy was half - chinese although he did not look it .
while he was due to return to chelsea at the end of the season he decided to make the orient move permanent , leaving on a free transfer and signing a two - year deal with the east londoners .
a striker , bolland joined londoners chelsea as a teenager , and was a member of the sides which won the fa youth cup in 1960 and 1961 , alongside the likes of peter bonetti , ron harris , terry venables and bobby tambling .
londoners would travel out to escape the smoke of the capital and enjoy the last remains of the old hornsey wood .
in the other itv regions , it continued to be broadcast on saturdays at 6:30pm , so the rest of the nation saw the last 7 episodes of this series one day before londoners saw them .
rather than face a choice between an austere puritanism and roman ceremonial ( which londoners , at any rate , could see practised in foreign embassy chapels ) , the caroline divines presented their countrymen with a " via media " in which they could remain within the established church and also participate in the ancient forms of religion .
just one game into the 2000 - 2001 season thome was sold to premiership rivals sunderland a.f.c. for a fee of around £ 4 million , quite a considerable profit for the londoners .
firstly the millers thrashed the londoners 6 - 0 at millmoor before triumphing 4 - 1 at stamford bridge in the return in front of just 11,900 fans .
the londoners won by a single goal , scored by former pool " striker paul stewart .
the londoners still held out until hubert de burgh 's great naval victory on 34 august .
the other londoners are puzzled by the newcomer but welcome him into the community .
even though they are in their 30s and 40s , these boys still terrify londoners , and with very good reason .
however , before he made his debut for the londoners , he was signed by manchester united in 2001 .
unfortunately , these buses were said to have marred the reputation of articulated buses in the united kingdom , and some londoners nicknamed them " chariots of fire " .
the blitz and other bombing by the german " luftwaffe " during world war ii killed over 30,000 londoners and destroyed large tracts of housing and other buildings across london .
the notting hill houses were large , but they did not immediately succeed in enticing the very richest londoners , who tended to live closer to the centre of london in mayfair or belgravia .
two londoners meet a struggling french singer .
the song is the title theme for the polish tv drama series " londyńczycy " ( translation : the londoners ) aired on tvp 1 since late 2008 .
nearly 10,000 curious fans turned up for the opening game at craven cottage , most of whom , being londoners , were watching their first ever live rugby league match .
according to the 2001 census over 80,000 londoners were born in jamaica , although the majority of london 's 2007 400,000 + afro - caribbean population classify as being of jamaican origin .
australopithecus became homo by living in the hands of the gods-- man became man by living in the hands of the gods-- " by living the way the bushmen of africa live ; by living the way the krenakarore of brazil live ... not the way the chicagoans live , not the way londoners live . "
london success’ that has contributed enormously to the protection of londoners from terrorist attacks .
st dunstan - in - the - west is the youngest church in the city of london and was designed by the shaws after the old medieval church was torn down because of londoners ' complaints about it impeding traffic on fleet street .
former mayor of london ken livingstone controversially expressed a desire to see the two generals replaced with statues " ordinary londoners would know " .
most londoners believe , however , that hardcastle was suffering from hallucinations , and he was not believed .
the play focuses on a small group of londoners in a pub close to sloane square , in an alternate past where germany won the battle of britain and successfully invaded and occupied britain .
however , the visit of arsenal to anfield four days after that brought major disappointment as the north londoners ran out 2 - 0 winners .
from the tudor period onwards , tottenham became a popular recreation and leisure destination for wealthy londoners .
this is a story of londoners connected by family , friends and a certain therapist who brings all her patients’ problems back to their mothers .
" londyńczycy " ( " the londoners " ) is a polish tv drama series about polish immigrants in london , aired on tvp 1 since late 2008 .
after wolsey 's fall the rectory manor fell to sir robert southwell , and eventually to a group of five londoners .
however , there were nonetheless a number of common themes that arose from the plays ' settings : flats owned by well - to - do londoners who know little of who their neighbours are or what they do ; and seedy vices left behind from london 's old east end coming back to haunt them .
londoners sensed this anxiety , for anne had no surviving children ; all of the closest successors in the stuart family were roman catholic .
the londoners were plucked from obscurity to front the kiss 100 morning slot in a trial run in the summer of 2006 .
returning to britain to receive his medal from king george v at buckingham palace on 22 june 1915 , o'leary was given a grand reception attended by thousands of londoners in hyde park on 10 july .
eventually , though , angry and fearful londoners became tired of lambe ’s special treatment , and on june 13 , 1628 , an unruly mob stoned him to death as he exited a theater .
londoners often refer to it simply as ' the river ' , in expressions such as ' south of the river ' .
the village consists mainly of twentieth century housing , with many bungalows inhabited by retired londoners , although the area is rich in history .
denis charles pratt was born in sutton , surrey , the fourth child of solicitor spencer charles pratt ( 1871 – 1931 ) and former governess frances marion pratt ( née phillips ) ( 1873 – 1960 ) ; he changed his name to quentin crisp in his third decade after leaving home and cultivating his outlandishly effeminate appearance to a standard that both shocked contemporary londoners and provoked antihomosexual attacks .
james scored a goal in blackpool 's 5–0 whitewash of charlton athletic at bloomfield road on the final day of the season — a result that relegated the londoners .
the innocent arcadians represent the older style , and the brash londoners embody the new .
lindsey german - " londoners deserve respect "
in the space of a few weeks in 1726 several londoners became catholic converts , and trapp published a treatise of " popery truly stated and briefly confuted " , in three parts , which reached a third edition in 1745 .
two heritage routes were immediately introduced in london , recognising the nostalgia for the type among ordinary londoners , and their appeal to tourists .
in his werewolf form , david prowls the streets and the london underground and slaughters six innocent londoners .
soon london must fall , that is sure ; but who shall control the remains , the nomads from the frozen north , or the londoners ?
it was converted to a neoclassical style in 1760 , and john wesley preached here in 1782 , and in 1882 the then owner , sir sydney waterlow , the famous printer , donated it ' for the enjoyment of londoners ' .
3.07% of londoners were irish ( of 7,172,036 inhabitants ) , 4.65% of luton , 4.15% of southampton , 3.77% of manchester , 1.2% of liverpool , 3.46% of coventry , 3.22% of birmingham , 2.89% of watford , 2.8% of trafford , 2.28% of corby , 2.19% of hertsmere , 2.07% of solihull , 2% of warwick , 1.98% of glasgow , 1.64% of west dunbartonshire and 1.44% of edinburgh .
in the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries , english hoys plied a trade between london and the north kent coast that enabled middle class londoners to escape the city for the more rural air of margate , for example .
more recently , it was home to some grand ' country ' estates of wealthy londoners , from which several roads take their names ( e.g. " summerlee " avenue , " park hall " road ) .
londoners were familiar with violent attacks in the street at night , and ratcliff highway had a particularly bad reputation for robbery .
they are welcomed into the community suspiciously , but wren thinks the londoners are hiding something from them .
geographically and culturally , it often refers to working class londoners , particularly those in the east end .
it was originally intended as a holiday resort for londoners .
vanessa feltz took over lisa i'anson 's afternoon slot with a lively and fun phone - in . " drivetime with eddie nestor and kath melandri " guide londoners home with news updates , sport , travel and debates with the public .
mayor ken livingstone was reported to have responded that " the london assembly should stop giving a platform to a person who in addition to putting out all sorts of smears and gossip is also a dyed - in - the - wool thatcherite who in no way represents the views of most londoners " .
londoners , and perhaps others , extend the appellation to include those who roam in the midst of stopped traffic to not only wash windscreens , but also hawk items such as roses and newspapers .
it remains a focus and gathering point for alternative londoners to the present day and is london’s’ oldest culture shop .
the general meeting - place of londoners in the day - time was the nave of old st. paul 's cathedral .
london assembly to the lives of londoners .
fairclough was appointed caretaker manager of barnet for the final few months of the 2003–04 conference national season , replacing the popular martin allen who had controversially left the north londoners for brentford in march 2004 .
his next job was with capital radio 's " flying eye " in 1993 , in which he navigated londoners through traffic for two years .
but londoners recovering from this raid - and though it was bad it is too early yet to say that it was one of the worst in history - felt a savage satisfaction when they read in their papers or heard on their radios that thirty - three raiders had been shot down , four by anti - aircraft fire and twenty - nine by fighters .
the love hexagon " ( 2000 ) is about six young londoners who have difficulty committing themselves to a relationship .
he left the club in may 1975 to join oxford united after playing almost 350 games for the londoners , and scoring 39 goals .
soon , more affluent londoners followed but with the intention of taking up a permanent residence which was conveniently close to london .
" it will bring added flexibility to the way that emergency services operate underground boosting the metropolitan and city of london police response to any incident on the tube and providing extra reassurance to londoners . "
predominantly a farming village , the village is now experiencing a period of growth owing to new developments , holiday retreats for londoners being the most recent of these .
this model was demonstrated to king james i in person and several thousand londoners .
but an improvement in form for united , and a decline for arsenal , saw the premier league trophy gradually slip out of the londoners ' grasp and push it back in the direction of old trafford .
its churchyard . was combined with those of st leonard , foster lane and christchurch newgate street into postman 's park , and this now contains the 1900 's watts memorial to civilian londoners who died heroic deaths .
the term came about after a visit to new york city by two londoners .
the londoners were pulled across the line in the first pull , then gave a mighty struggle in the second .
jowell said " i can assure you that i did not slog for two years to bring the games here just to see londoners reduced to huddling round the wireless to find out who won the hundred metres , i am completely confident that our timetable is a sensible one which will ensure that digital services are delivered with no disruption to the viewing public during the games themselves . "
rosemoor was lent to the red cross as a rest home for londoners from the east end suffering the effects of the blitz . 6 march 1943 her first son john robert
after preston won an fa cup match against upton park in 1884 , the londoners protested , seeking the result to be overturned due to professionalism in the preston ranks .
shortly after they signed to wrath records and were the token londoners on the leeds based label .
the programme has helped to develop on - air talent from london 's afro - caribbean community , namely juliet alexander , syd burke and mike phillips and was the pioneering programme on television or radio to regularly speak to black londoners .
ian wright opened the scoring for the north londoners in the 20th minute , but david hirst equalised for trevor francis 's men after 61 minutes .
well over a million londoners come to notting hill on the monday .
despite the name , none of the group members were from liverpool ; all were londoners except burgess , who hailed from cumbria .
in 1603 , the plague killed 30,000 londoners .
january signing clint dempsey took the game by the scruff of the neck in the 68th minute , combining neatly with english right - back liam rosenior to earn sanchez his first victory and ensure safety for the west londoners .
the thames provided the major highway between london and westminster in the 16th and 17th centuries and the clannish guild of watermen ferried londoners from landing to landing and tolerated no outside interference .
among londoners , the euston tower was most famous for being the home of capital radio from 1973 until 1997 , at which point they moved to leicester square .
young black londoners play a predominant part in the british music industry .
its zealous social concern aroused public sentiment and made sims a strong voice for reform , dramatising the plight of suffering londoners .
londoners preparing to entertain american soldiers . 10 u.s. airmen in france .
following the 7 july 2005 bombings in london , coleman questioned on radio how safe it was for londoners to travel by public transport .
confusion over whether the law permitted slavery in england , and pressure from abolitionists , meant that by the mid - eighteenth century there was a sizeable population of free black londoners ; but the status of this man is not clear .
runners - up chelsea could have won the title themselves the same afternoon if they had won and blackpool had lost , but the londoners were defeated at bury by a single goal .
the high standards to which he held his staff and the ultimate luxury which he provided his guests had been entirely foreign to victorian londoners , and the sensation he caused in the hotel industry precipitated a dramatic shift in that industry 's focus .
the mestalla team had to beat quality rivals such copenhagen , glasgow rangers , barcelona , the french team nantes and in the final the londoners arsenal .
an increasing number of these black londoners were london- or british - born .
" the lonely londoners " is a 1956 novel by british caribbean author samuel selvon .
a right sided winger , fascione started out with scottish junior side kirkintilloch rob roy , before being signed for londoners chelsea by tommy docherty in september 1962 .
with the game at 1–1 in extra time , hutchinson sent in a long throw - in which missed almost every player in the penalty area , but came off charlton 's head and looped towards the far post , before being put into the unguarded net by webb to give the londoners the lead for the first time .
they perform " get back " , " do n't let me down " , " i 've got a feeling " , " one after 909 " , and " dig a pony " , intercut with reactions and comments from surprised londoners gathering on the streets below .
a serious epidemic closed the theatres almost entirely from june 1592 through april 1594 ; 11,000 londoners died of plague in 1593 .
in its heyday in the 18th century , rotten row was a fashionable place for upper - class londoners to be seen .
through the 19th and in the early half of the 20th century , londoners used coal for heating their homes , which produced large amounts of smoke .
however , queen victoria disliked brighton and the lack of privacy the pavilion afforded her on her visits there ( especially once brighton became accessible to londoners by rail in 1841 ) and after her last visit to brighton in 1845 , the government planned to sell the building and grounds .
he joined port vale from the londoners in june 1934 .
the area running alongside mile end road was known as mile end green , and became known as a place of assembly for londoners , reflected in the name of assembly passage .
after impressing during a league cup match against chelsea in 1972 , he signed for the west londoners three days later for £ 100,000 .
gallas rejected chelsea 's claims and accused the west londoners of lacking class and ' hiding behind false accusations ' .
jass , pronounced like londoners " yus " for " yes " , is a trick taking card game and a distinctive branch of the marriage family , popularly supposed to be the progenitor of the american game of pinochle .
one of these black londoners , learie constantine , who was a welfare officer in the raf , was refused service at a london hotel .
the momentum was back with chelsea who did n't need a second bite at the cherry with wins over bolton , everton and finally manchester united giving the west londoners their second successive championship under mourinho .
londoners sensed this anxiety , for anne had no heirs , and all of the natural successors in the stuart family were roman catholic or unavailable .
as with most emerging ethnic groups in the uk , the largest concentrations of vietnamese people can be found in the larger metropolitan areas and cities , such as london ( 33,000 ) , with the majority ( around 1/3 of all vietnamese londoners ) being located in lewisham , southwark and hackney .
the final was held in front of 100 000 in the wembley stadium against the londoners from west ham united captained by bobby moore ( † ) and coached by ron greenwood ( † ) .
they have shared many stages with fellow east - londoners boy kill boy ( hailing from leytonstone ) , and apartment have a song dedicated to their singer , chris peck , called " my brother chris " , which also happened to be their first single under filthy lucre .
runners - up chelsea could have won the title themselves the same afternoon if they had won and blackpool had lost , but the londoners were defeated at bury by a single goal .
the premises were rebuilt and integrated in 1910 - 20 to a design by sir reginald blomfield and became a popular place of assignation for londoners for many generations .
as the event approached estimates of the possible number attending rose and in the belief that it would be considerably bigger than the previous demonstrations they had organised stwc agreed with the police for the march to start from two separate locations ; thames embankment for londoners and those travelling in from the south , and gower street for those travelling in from the midlands and the north .
the wandle trail group was responsible for the formation of the trail , the group consist of an association of the london boroughs of wandsworth , merton and sutton , together with groundwork merton ( a charity to support the improvement of the quality of life for londoners ) , and sustrans ( a charity for sustainable transport , especially cycling ) .
london square ( , " kikar london " ) is a public space in central tel aviv , named after london , england as an act of honour for the british people and especially the londoners who stood in the sustained bombing of the united kingdom by nazi germany during world war ii —
the procession was led by " a grett company of chylderyn in ther surples " and watched by londoners " wepyng and lamenting " ; the funeral chariot , draped in cloth of gold , was topped by an effigy of edward , with crown , sceptre , and garter .
in the event friction between the ill - assorted pair led to an entertaining stream of one - upmanship that became required listening for many londoners .
having sat out the first nine matches of the season , bowers scored 37 goals in the remaining 33 matches , including four in one game against chelsea when the rams beat the londoners 6–2 .
many of the names were very familiar ones to the londoners who moved here as they were the old names of the london telephone exchanges .
his style of mixing socialites , celebrities , pop stars , fashion designers , models and gregarious londoners helped alter the perception of the city ’s night life experience which helped launch clubbing into mainstream culture .
the club members became a popular symbol of anachronistic anti - monarchists against which londoners , fearful of jacobites who preferred the return of the exiled king in france , could define themselves .
in 2006 , suggs was the main presenter of the bbc london series " inside out " , a weekly programme for londoners looking at surprising stories in the capital .
... the londoners says he is mad with envy because my book has been talked about : what a strange man to be envious of a naturalist like myself , immeasurably his inferior ! "
this expansion was needed to cope again with a rising population of londoners .
it has three main aims : to promote the city as the world 's leading international financial and business centre ; to provide local government services ; and to provide a range of additional services for the benefit of london , londoners and the nation .
the city was surrounded by a ring of inner suburbs , where most londoners lived .
the londoners survived more pressure from liverpool to secure their first major trophy and a notable upset .
farm festival ( née farmfest ) began in 2006 when a group of young men and women a " crack team of young locals and a handful of londoners - all amateurs " came together to organise a festival of their own .
initially most visitors would have approached by river , but crowds of londoners of all classes came to know the area after the construction of westminster bridge in the 1740s .
at the end of the 19th century some welsh drover families settled in north bucks and , in the last quarter of the 20th century , a large number of londoners in milton keynes .
three londoners had applied to lord mansfield for a writ of habeas corpus , which had been granted , with somersett having to appear at a hearing on 24 january 1772 .
there are still many problems that black londoners face ; the new global and high tech information revolution is changing the urban economy and some argue that it is driving unemployment rates among blacks up relative to non - blacks , something which , it is argued , threatens to erode the progress made thus far .
ken livingstone famously said the london 2012 summer olympics will cost londoners the price of one walnut whip each ( 38p ) .
in the mid-1980 's he worked in bbc schools television , then hosted the news and current affairs show , black londoners , on radio london .
rumours of the frittenden treacle mines were started by locals in the 1930s at the expense of gullible londoners who would tour the area in their newly acquired motor cars , eager to visit the source of much of the world 's treacle .
the assembly is also able to investigate other issues of importance to londoners ( transport , environmental matters , etc . )
the sporting goods store was the meeting place for a number of londoners interested in forming a baseball league for youths .
in england , when the ice was thick enough and lasted long enough , londoners would take to the river for travel , trade and entertainment , the latter eventually taking the form of public festivals and fairs .
between each charge , his guns tried to disorder the londoners , but it was not until the advance of the royal infantry that the trained bands retired , slowly and in magnificent order , to the edge of the heath .
the evening standard named coates as one of the most influential 1000 londoners in october 2007 and again in october 2008 .
kate croy and merton densher are two engaged londoners who desperately want to marry but have very little money .
in 2005 , over eighty thousand people and families attended the festival , which also brought together londoners from all communities in the wake of the bombings on 7 july that year .
the londoners defeated liverpool in the final , winning the first two pulls .
some prefer to keep their religion private , others to work primarily through other identities and/or organisations – approaching politics as socialists , asians or bangladeshis , for instance , and/or as british citizens , welsh or scottish nationals , londoners or liverpudlians .
during the commonwealth of england the treason trustees twice sold ambrosden to wealthy londoners : john warre in 1653 and william drax and alexander jackson in 1657 .
back in berkhamsted the clarke family hosted children from the children 's country holiday home , which gave breaks to young londoners who would not have otherwise ventured outside the capital . "
borrowing the theme from the nine worthies of antiquity , the book , subtitled " explaining the honourable excise of armes , the vertues of the valiant , and the memorable attempts of magnanimous minds ; pleasaunt for gentlemen , not unseemely for magistrates , and most profitable for prentises " , celebrated the rise of nine famous londoners through society from the ranks of apprentices or ordinary citizens .
in addition , for most londoners , gatwick was a far less accessible airport than heathrow in the days prior to the m25 , as a result of its greater distance from most parts of london .
from the resultant line ball the londoners came back and got a point inside a minute .
it is estimated that 9% of the south african population in london is jewish , as compared to 2% of londoners as a whole who would claim to be of the jewish faith .
on 30 october 2008 , westfield shopping centre was opened , referred to by londoners as ' white city '
ken 's phone in sessions alternated between lbc and bbc london 94.9 these were one of the rare opportunities that londoners had of talking directly to the then london mayor .
in the 2005 version of the science fiction programme " doctor who " , various londoners wonder that if the doctor ( played by christopher eccleston ) is an alien , why does he sound as if he comes from the north ?
at his office , granger 's father became acquainted with unemployment benefits recipient harry langdon , who advised him to take his son to a small local theater where open auditions for " the wookie " , a british play about londoners struggling to survive during world war ii , were being held .
the game ended in a 4 - 3 defeat , even more incredible considering that liverpool had crushed the newly promoted south londoners 9 - 0 in a league game earlier in the season .
londoners known as fightstar have done just that with their infatuation
widely popular with high - income earning londoners , the stores amassed over 40,000 shoppers a week .
prices have been slashed by 20% ; following this , half - price bus travel became available to londoners on income support .
" the lonely londoners " , as with most of his later work , focuses on the immigration of west indians to britain in the 1950s and 1960s , and the cultural differences which are often subtle and implicit to the dying empire 's fantasy of a " white nation " .
in 2008 prime minister gordon brown stated : " londoners and the rest of the british people know that backing the bnp is totally at odds with what it really means to be british — and the great british values the rest of us share , such as democracy and decency , freedom and fairness , tolerance and equality " .
to promote his new album amongst his fellow londoners , he performed at the two day cyprus wine festival of london in 2008 .
following the conflict , he signed with west londoners chelsea for £ 4,500 and linked up well with fellow new signings tommy lawton and tommy walker - the trio scored 47 goals between them in 1946 - 47 - though the side failed to make to challenge for honours , coming closest in the fa cup , when they lost to arsenal in the semi - finals , despite having led 2 - 0 .
the film is about a pair of american authors who promise to find love for three single londoners in just three days , as a publicity stunt for the uk launch of their book ' are you ready for love ? ...
but instead of improving the londoners , the arcadians adopt some of their wicked ways , including betting on the races .
it was built in 1893 to honor the british philanthropist lord shaftesbury , but instead it scandalized londoners , who thought it was a statue of eros .
his viewpoint is different ( i maintain ) from a londoners .
the suicide mystified londoners because as recently as january 31 , 2006 , doty had talked about taking his play about marc emery on the road to vancouver , british columbia .
another member of the tichbourne family , robert , presented a londoners ' petition to the house of commons in 1649 , in favour of the execution of charles i. he was one of the commissioners who , in 1651 , prepared the way for the union with scotland and he was knighted in 1655 by cromwell and made a peer in 1657 .
blackpool beat the londoners 4 - 2 at stamford bridge in front of 55,195 spectators .
londoners also may take part in london - based online publishing at ( in alpabetical order )
in fact the domestic servants and wealthy londoners may have quickly outnumbered the remnant of the local , original rural folk .
there are also three columbaria containing the ashes of thousands of londoners .
according to the 2001 census , the majority of londoners profess a christian faith , some 74.1% ( protestant 40.7% , roman catholic : 29.1% , other christian : 4.3% ) .
the programme uses the convention that everybody speaks the same language so that the londoners are easily able to communicate with stone age people .
the subscribers were primarily middle - class londoners , not aristocrats .
born in brighton , willemse served in the royal marines during the second world war , and began his football career with brighton & hove albion before signing for londoners chelsea in 1949 for £ 6,000 , a sum which helped fund rebuilding work at brighton 's goldstone ground .
richard ii held the lord mayor of london with aldermen and sheriffs in the castle in 1392 , and held another state council to humble londoners .
it remained a royal manor until 1604 when the crown sold it to two wealthy londoners .
in this post , he planned the policing for the silver jubilee of king george v. laurie 's own horse , quicksilver , was a favourite of londoners .
darwin thought it " spiteful , extremely malignant , clever , and ... damaging " and later commented that " the londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about .
the lancastrian army 's reputation for pillage caused the londoners to bar the gates .
the second world war disrupted his development as a poet , however , and he published no further volumes until " londoners " of 1964 .
jaywick itself , was built by frank steadman as a cheap holiday retreat for londoners in the 1930s .
yet in spite of his ties to john of gaunt , it was lord brian ( with lord walter fitzwalter ) who in 1377 informed the londoners that the marshal , henry percy , was illegally holding a prisoner in his london house , thereby provoking a riot aimed at john of gaunt and percy , who were attempting to extend the marshal 's jurisdiction in london .
written in the third - person narrative mode , it follows the lives of a number of londoners — rich and poor alike — living near the portobello road market whose paths cross by accident rather than design .
he first changed his group 's name to " fuji londoners " when he came back from a trip to london , england .
various lineups of the clancy brothers and tommy makem have performed the refrain as part of a medley , immediately following " they 're moving father 's grave to build a sewer , " which also deals with the travails of working class londoners .
this put bristol first in their " smiles per hour " census , the table makes interesting reading with londoners only returning a smile 18% of the time .
it is a popular destination for tourists and londoners .
in about 886 ad alfred the great moved the londoners back into the city of london and the shelter of the roman defensive walls , which still stood .
the london underground of the 1920s is also recorded in anthony asquith 's silent classic " underground " ( 1928 ) , while the 1969 film " battle of britain " shows the tunnel network converted to provide shelter for londoners during the blitz .
the lonely londoners .
perhaps today the nearest londoners get to remembering her is when they have a gertie on their cornflakes of a morning ( cockney rhyming slang gertie gitana = banana ) .
the headteacher of the school , alasdair uist macdonald was among the hundreds of londoners who were listed in the new year list of 2007 .
a photographer who helped propel kate moss to stardom is offering londoners the chance to feel like a supermodel .
hook was considered as part of a scheme to settle londoners in the country after the second world war , but basingstoke was selected for development instead .
this action encouraged those londoners who feared for their property to side with the parliamentarians .
one of these black londoners , learie constantine , who was a welfare officer in the raf , was refused service at a london hotel .
newcastle vigorously sustained the whigs at queen anne 's death , and had much influence in making the londoners accept king george i , even organising so - called ' newcastle mobs ' to fight with rival jacobites in the street .
the londoners ' luck did not hold out and barcelona scored twice , through samuel eto'o and later juliano belletti , in the last 15 minutes to win the game 2–1 .
prices have been slashed by 20% ; following this , half - price bus travel became available to londoners on income support .
in 2006 , chez bruce was first named as " londoners ' favourite restaurant " in a survey conducted for " harden 's london restaurants " , a title which the ivy had held for the past nine years .. chez bruce has since been top of the list as london 's favorite restaurant for four consecutive years .
in turn , the characters are different in that wintour and priestly are londoners who did not attend college , whereas , kate howard is a new yorker who attended princeton university .
londoners have become complacent , thinking that the flood barrier will protect them .
there are still many problems that black londoners face ; the new global and high tech information revolution is changing the urban economy and some argue that it is driving unemployment rates among blacks up relative to non - blacks , something which , it is argued , threatens to erode the progress made thus far .
he played his last game for west ham on 27 april 1985 against luton town and got sent off , and after two seasons and 71 league and cup games for the east londoners , he moved on to sunderland .
this play reflects his concerns with the daily lives of ordinary londoners .
the londoners demonstrate new london 's levitation ability to naga who decides to help them defend it from being eaten harrowbarrow .
after some snooping around , wren and wolf stumble on to new london , a town which the londoners are building , powered by magnetic levitation .
his acclaimed goalscoring ability again guided tottenham to league cup success with two quarter - final strikes against liverpool , and a crucial goal at molineux where the londoners drew 2 - 2 to reach the final .
in the second half of the eighteenth century hornsey wood house was developed as a private leisure park and became one of the most popular places for londoners to escape from london at the weekends .
other less well known works from this period are " the men who would be king " ( 1984 ) , " londoners " ( 1986 ) and " the high flyer " ( 1993 ) .
at the time of their wedding , londoners chanted " god save the prince and bride !
he took up the impeachment of laud to the house of peers , supported the londoners ' petition for the abolition of episcopacy and the root and branch bill , and afterwards urged that the bishops impeached for their conduct in the affair of the late canons should be accused of treason .
operation sassoon would see railway stations outside the capital receiving londoners escaping a disaster .
just in time , three burgundian youngsters learn about this crisis and toss food across the border , setting an example for sympathetic londoners ; they begin throwing food parcels across the barrier in an improvised " airlift " , echoing the one that ended the berlin blockade .
like its neighbour ramsgate , it has been a traditional holiday destination for londoners drawn to its sandy beaches .
the weather preceding and during the smog meant that londoners had to burn more coal than usual to keep warm .
owen in darwin 's opinion was " spiteful , extremely malignant , clever ; the londoners say he is mad with envy because my book is so talked about " . "
knowing that most wealthy londoners living in garden squares also had country estates , he believed perhaps that potential residents of franklin place would also have summer homes with large gardens elsewhere .
many white londoners claimed that they were the superior race and that blacks were not as intelligent as whites .
the heath has long been a popular place for londoners to walk and take the air .
it is also known to give londoners a chance to win exclusive tickets to film premieres and sports tournament tickets , such as the wimbledon ladies singles final .
the re - design , by london - based architects wilkinson eyre , will tell the story of london and londoners from the great fire of 1666 to the present day .
however , it is radio where housego has spent most of his broadcasting career , and he became well known to londoners as the host of an all - night radio phone - in show on lbc for many years during the 1990s .
trip hop gained notice via popular artists such as massive attack , portishead , tricky , björk , goldfrapp , moloko , thievery corporation , amon tobin , and rock - influenced sound groups such as ruby , bristol 's band ilya , california 's dj shadow , cut chemist , unkle , and the uk 's gorillaz , howie b. , morcheeba , originating from hythe in kent , londoners glideascope , new york 's bowery electric , and seattle 's anomie belle are also often associated with this sound .
cholmondeley lost some favour with the city of london authorities during the evil may day riots of 1517 : he ordered the firing of some of the tower 's artillery at the city to try to quell rioting by gangs of young londoners who took control of london for several days and were attacking foreigners , especially the wealthy foreign merchants and bankers of lombard street , london .
londoners were outraged when the bow street runners , the london police force , failed to capture the man .
in the song " my name is john wellington wells " , the lyric renders his address as " number seventy simmery axe " : this reflects the fact that some londoners have pronounced the street 's name as " s'm'ry axe " rather than enunciating it clearly .
this model was demonstrated to king james i in person and several thousand londoners .
despite a modest daily circulation of approximately 3,000 copies , " the spectator " was widely read ; joseph addison estimated that each number was read by 60,000 londoners , about a tenth of the capital 's population at the time .
he is known for novels such as " the lonely londoners " ( 1956 ) and " moses ascending " ( 1975 ) .
as his body was being handed to the company of barber - surgeons for dissection , it was torn apart by a crowd of londoners .
over one million londoners own bicycles but only around 2 per cent of all journeys in london are made by bike : this compares to other major european cities such as berlin ( 5 per cent ) , munich ( 12 per cent ) , amsterdam ( 28 per cent ) and copenhagen ( 36 per cent ) .
a shot by future liverpool player michael thomas gave arsenal the 2–0 victory they needed at anfield and the league title went to the north londoners on the basis that arsenal had scored more goals , with the goal difference and number of points being the same .
the use of slang was condemned as " vulgar " and the book was derided as written to appeal to " ' arrys and ' arriets " - then - common sneering terms for working - class londoners who dropped their hs when speaking .
sugden wrote that " the national papers seemed to think that it took the mickey out of country people , while the norfolk people thought it ridiculed londoners " .
