when the 6th earl , " bell - the - cat " , came of age in 1470 , william douglas came before the king and ad eius genua prouolutus — resigned ward of tantallon and the lordship of douglas per fustem et bacnlum in the said earl 's favour .
the lordship of powys .
vianen thrived under the counts of brederode , who acquired its lordship through marriage early in the 15th century .
emsworth 's favourite pastimes are his pig and his garden , and he spends many a happy hour pottering about it , arguing with his gardeners , especially angus mcallister , whose desire to gravel the famous yew alley is particularly upsetting to his lordship , and with his pig - keepers , who include wellbeloved , pirbright , and the amazonian monica simmons .
it is boldly carved and includes heraldry relating to the lordship of bromfield .
with no male issue , the dukedom of buckingham and chandos became extinct , although several of his lesser titles survived due to special remainders ; by example , his eldest daughter lady mary succeeded him in the scottish lordship of kinloss .
jean de jauche , lord of mastaing , sold the lordship in 1588 to philibert delrye .
from early times , the manor of slaidburn formed part of the ancient lordship of bowland , being held in demesne from at least the late thirteenth century .
i was order by his lordship to take them away and cut out more as before and replace it .
king rudolf awarded him with the burghauptmannamt ( castle lordship ) of kalsmunt castle in wetzlar and a year later that of gutenfels castle near kaub ( where he became a vassal of the counts palatine of the rhine ) .
his son james sutherland of duffus got the attainder reversed , and was restored to the lordship as 4th ( titular 5th ) lord duffus on 25 may 1826 .
upon the death of his uncle in 1504 henry inherited the nassau possessions in the netherlands , including the wealthy lordship of breda in the duchy of brabant .
on 20 december 1451 , king james ii of scotland granted patrick hepburn , 1st lord hailes , and his heirs and assignees , the lands of the lordship of hailes , including hailes castle , and other lands , to be incorporated into the free barony of hailes .
kilkenny formed part of the lordship of leinster , which was granted to richard fitz gilbert de clare , better known as strongbow .
in 1604 , the remaining possessions of the abbey were integrated into the lordship of cardross of john erskine , 2nd earl of mar. henry erskine , mar ’s son received the titular title of commendator of dryburgh abbey .
blessington was originally called " munfine " , and in the medieval period was part of the lordship of threecastles .
but after the death of simon ii his sons simon ii , theodoric vi , john and henry co - ruled the lordship .
during the renaissance the use of " lei " as a polite pronoun began , and subsequently spread with some influence from spanish ; the origin of this usage is due to expressions as " your lordship / eminence / majesty / holiness/ ... " , where all of these nouns were feminine in gender ( " vostra signoria / eminenza / maestà / santità/ ... " ) and referred to in the third - person singular .
in medieval times , the hill marked one of the northernmost limits of the lordship of bowland .
in 1256 roger went to war with llywelyn ap gruffydd when the latter invaded his lordship of gwrtheyrnion or rhayader .
when her father died in 1551 , eléanor received the county of roucy and at her mothers death in 1567 she inherited the lordship of conti .
william the conquerer granted the lordship of riddesdale in northumberland to robert de umfraville on condition that he defend that land from enemies and wolves .
he predeceased his father , and his son simon inherited the lordship of lovat in 1995 .
moreover , in 1346 , john inherited the great lordship of garmoran through his brother - in - law raghnall macruaridh .
he also claimed imperial lordship over the crusader states of prussia and livonia .
for his service , yoshitaka received lordship of nakatsu castle , in 1587 .
this may be named in honour of one of two persons named papineau : joseph papineau ( 1752 - 1841 ) , father of louis - joseph papineau , who in 1801 bought the lordship of the petite - nation where the town formed ; or denis - benjamin papineau ( 1789 - 1854 ) , brother of louis - joseph and husband of angélique - louise , and considered the founder of this place .
it came into the control of the lidderdale family , and formally became part of their entirely secular lordship in 1608 .
dying without male issue , the earl of yorkshire left a daughter , heiress hawise ( d. 11 march 1214 ) who succeeded her father in the " comte " of aumale and lordship of holderness .
the choice of targets has no obvious strategic logic ; it may be pertinent that william eventually inherited both the honour of skipton in craven , and the lordship of copeland , previously held by his father - in - law william de meschines and which should have passed to him on the death of william de meschines ' son ranulph meschin , the founder of calder .
the local lordship was weak or absent , and so crompton failed to emerge as a manor with its own lord and court .
awarded the advocate general 's trophy for the most outstanding emerging lawyer by the indian law institute ( west bengal unit ) in 2009 , trophy donated by his lordship the hon'ble mr. justice pinaki chandra ghose , hon'y treasurer.(7 )
nicholas hospital ( provans lordship ) in the late 1500s .
in fact , the 1938 purchase , while it included mineral , sporting and forestry rights , specifically excluded the lordship of bowland itself .
he was the son of malatesta da verucchio , inheriting the lordship after his death .
this marcher lordship has been described as a semi - autonomous fief , the corbets of cause having consolidated great tracts of land , as did the mortimers further to the south , who also had possession of kerry ( " ceri " ) to the west of bachelldre .
he inaugurated a german policy which insisted upon the rights and the power of the german kings , the strengthening of the catholic church in the german empire , the lordship of italy , and the humiliation of the papacy .
thus , ramla was initially an ecclesiastical lordship .
although galloway was peripheral to scotland until 1234 , in the aftermath of the rebellion of gille ruadh and the dissolution of the lordship , galloway and galwegians became critical .
in 1507 the baden dynasty sold the stadeck lordship to the knights of quad - wickrath .
the earliest documented evidence dating the castle was in 1360 , when an estate survey recorded that " there is one ruined castle called buckeden and of no value " ; at the time , the lordship of longdendale was the property of edward , the black prince , and the castle lay derelict .
o'rourke 's army was defeated , and art o'rourke , heir to the chief lordship of breifne , rory macgauran , and many others , were slain by the english .
nicholas resigned in april 2009 to launch lordship ministries .
his lordship married again ( 2 ) 2006 , loraine mcmurrey .
in 1871 cowper managed to obtain a reversal of the attainder of the scottish lordship of dingwall , which had been under attainder since 1715 , and now became the 4th lord dingwall as well .
although john 's second son and namesake was declared to be the ' tanist ' during the lifetime of his elder brother , domhnall of islay , lord of the isles , it was donald 's eldest son , alexander of islay , earl of ross , who succeeded donald to the lordship , rather than his uncle or cousin .
in the 1280s he was frequently sent by his father in diplomatic missions to friuli and , in 1301 , rizzardo shared with his father the lordship of treviso , succeeding him after his death in 1306 .
between 1166 and 1168 ( or perhaps as late as 1169–70 ) , ibn mardanis entrusted to him the lordship of albarracín to defend his " taifas northern borders from the expansionist alfonso ii of aragon .
the first major persecution in europe , when witches were caught , tried , convicted , and burned in the imperial lordship of wiesensteig in southwestern germany , is recorded in 1563 in a pamphlet called " true and horrifying deeds of 63 witches " .
after his father died in 1906 , makgill established his claim to the baronetcy of makgill , and continued to petition for the revival of the lordship and viscountcy of oxfuird .
allied to his close relations the counts of oldenburg and the duke of gelderland / gelre , balthasar oomkens von esens resisted the doubtful political power - grabbing attempted by the cirksena 's ( which included a forged imperial document relating to the lordship of harlingerland ) and also championed the interests of the catholic church against the reformation - minded allies of the cirksena 's .
later , he entered the ceylon law college and was admitted as an advocate of your lordship 's court in 1942 .
joan gave him the lordship of teramo , and soon after braccio started his 13-year - long siege of l'aquila .
stratford is served by several major highways , including interstate 95 ( connecticut turnpike ) , u.s. route 1 ( boston post road ) ( boston avenue and barnum avenue ) , the merritt parkway ( route 15 ) , route 108 ( nichols avenue ) , route 110 ( east main street and river road ) , route 113 ( lordship boulevard and main street ) , and route 130 ( stratford avenue and ferry boulevard ) .
when he died in 1975 the dukedom passed to his cousin , the seventeenth duke , while he was succeeded in the lordship by the eldest of his four daughters , the fourteenth and ( ) present holder of the title .
in 1332 the lordship had passed to the frenchman ralph , earl of eu .
a feudal lordship is a scottish feudal title that is held " en baroneum " , which means that its holder , who is called a feudal lord , is also always a feudal baron .
in norman ireland , local lords gained considerable autonomy from the lordship of ireland until it became the kingdom of ireland under direct english rule .
the united irishman " before twelve of your lordship 's " lion - and - unicorn " tradesmen who are privileged to supply some minor matters for the vice regal establishment ?
both mago and dionysius agreed to a peace treaty , which allowed the carthaginians to formally occupy the area west of the river halycus , while dionysius was given lordship over the sicel lands .
he was a weak leader and the city passed out of english lordship and into france during his mayorship .
emerging as a local lordship in the early-13th century , it was raised to a barony in 1686 , and to a county in 1705 .
his daughter ellen married donnell , and o'leary further provided his son - in - law with a military force for the taking of the o'donovan lordship , which was successful .
at the same time the centre of the lordship was moved to kerak , a stronger fortress to the north of montreal .
in 1284 following the final defeat of gwynedd and the death of llywelyn and his brother dafydd ap gruffudd , the " de la pole " family surrendered their princely pretentions , but received back their principality in " free barony " as the marcher lordship of powys .
in the 14th and 15th centuries the lordship contracted to the immediate surroundings of rihemberk , a small part of the vipava valley , and the kras plateau .
in the evening there was " a grand pyrotechnic display " and " as a finale a fine figure of his lordship was exhibited , in coloured fires ... " before an ugly rush for the gates , people being thrown down and trampled upon , " screams and cries for help " from the " injured and affrighted ... struggling in the mass ... terrible catastrophe . "
the areas were reorganised into the four divisions " principality of fulda " , " principality of corvey " , " county dortmund " and " lordship weingarten " .
however , the 2003 edition of " debretts " gives an opposing view when it states : " the lordship of home ( or hume ) of berwick , cr by patent 1604 upon george home ... with remainder to his heirs for ever , is held to have descended to the earls of home through lady anna home " .
the schuf was created out of the lordship of sidon as a vassal around 1170 .
in 903 , the armenian mleh ( melias in greek sources ) settled there , establishing a quasi - autonomous lordship .
the latter year he succeeded his elder brother in the scottish lordship as well as in the barony of kinnaird , and took his seat in the house of lords .
de graeffs semisouverain lordship zuid - polsbroek .
the lordship then passed to his son , murchadh mall , who in 1567 aided sir aodh ó domhnaill defeat séan an díomuis ó néill , in battle , near letterkenny .
the player needs to trigger his four conversations while attmepting to win support for their bid of lordship over the keep , encouraging his attentions in the third talk .
john taylor , one of the founders of lloyds bank , bought the lordship in 1766 .
in the thirteenth century they acquired the lordship of badenoch , with extensive landholdings also in lochaber , as well as the earldom of buchan .
the ó ruairc kings ( o'rourke ) maintained lordship over west bréifne ( mainly co. leitrim ) .
as an actual title the word was used only by the lords of trene , puychagut , epernon and buch ( a lordship being an amalgamation of two or more seigniories ) .
the principal part of the lordship -— salfordshire —- was in what was then called " inter mersam et ripam " , that is , " between the mersey and the ribble " , and is now part of lancashire .
" his lordship 's last will " ( and also known as " his grace 's last testament " ) is a 1919 swedish silent drama film directed by victor sjöström .
they came from the clans of the hebrides because of the recent breakup of the lordship of the isles , as well as from the poorer clans of the mainland .
the lordship passed to other families , but lasted up until the very end of the crusader states in 1291 .
his lordship 's kindness was built in the 1780s for prince georges county planter robert darnall near clinton , maryland .
because most of the gaelic irish often refused to swear allegiance to the crown , to respect the authority of the lordship of ireland , or to recognise common law , they were officially considered outlaws and were not eligible to either vote or stand for office .
it was bordered by the duchy of jülich to the west and north , the lordship of dyck to the south , and the archbishopric of cologne to the east and southeast .
his lordship 's dilemma . "
twyford was closed in 1745 on account of anti - catholic feeling caused by the jacobite rebellion , but bishop richard challoner re - established the school in hertfordshire at standon lordship in 1749 , in a property owned by the aston family .
early in 1307 , edward i made his last grant to warwick , when he gave him john balliol 's forfeited lordship of barnard castle in county durham .
he purchased the lordship of ditchburn , northumberland , in 1320 .
in 1277 , gerard i made his lordship mediate to the archbishopric of trier .
in the first phase , sweden fought for the lordship of estonia and latvia against denmark , poland and russia .
in 1626 , the lordship of kintyre was reconstituted in favour of the earl of argyll and dunaverty castle was denoted as its principal message .
only william left issue , but they enjoyed the lordship of mawddwy covering that parish and the majority of mallwyd for several generations , before it was divided between coheirs in the early 16th century .
the lordship remained a subsidiary title of the marquessate until the death in 1944 of his grandson , the seventh marquess .
reynold inherited the lordship of kempenich from siegfried in c. 1153 .
these paintings include " norwood under the snow " , and " lordship lane station " , views of the crystal palace relocated from hyde park , " dulwich college " , " sydenham hill " , " all saints church " , and a lost painting of st. stephen 's church .
the manor and liberty of slaidburn formed part of the ancient lordship of bowland .
círdan 's role during the first age centred on his lordship of the falas .
the house of savoy has possessed the lordship of vaud ever since the 12th century , when it wrested control from the original owners , the house of zähringen .
the roots of this radical and pacifistic stream within the early reformation movement go back to 1457 in a small village called kunvald near žamberk , on litice lordship of george podiebrad , in the north - east part of bohemia .
the western half was drained and converted for recreational use as lordship recreation ground , whilst the eastern half was kept vacant for prospective development and used as allotments .
lord dundas notably purchased the right to the earldom of orkney and lordship of zetland from james douglas , 14th earl of morton .
" the defeat of bel - atha - na - ngarbhan was given by john burke , the son of ulick , son of ulick , grandson of rickard , tanist of clanrickard , to o'kelly , in which fell walter , the son of john , son of thomas burke , heir to the lordship of conmaicne , and many others of the clann - donnell and clann - dowell , were slain . "
great - great - granddaughter lady christina magnusdotter brought it to her husband lord bengt stensson of the ringhult lordship ( the family much later dubbed as natt och dag ) .
the lordship of the manor of culcheth and culcheth hall were latterly owned by the withington family .
tokugawa ieyasu awarded masamune the lordship of the huge and profitable sendai domain , which made masamune one of japan ’s most powerful daimyo .
the games workshop tabletop strategy battle game of the lord of the rings features two versions of glorfindel : in one form , he is dressed in armour and named as ' glorfindel , lord of the west ' ( a possible reference to his elf lordship ) .
the news of richard 's death induced owain gwynedd , son of gruffydd ap cynan , king of gwynedd to invade his lordship .
as a spokesman for " free religion " , he asserted that christianity , understood as based on the lordship of christ , is no longer tenable .
lordship of bowland .
the counts stayed loyal to the house of habsburg , therefore their lordship had to suffer in the eighty years ' war , when it was attacked by the geuzen of the utrecht union , as well as in the thirty years ' war .
as a reward for his services , fitzhamon gave william the lordship of ogmore .
he shuns his administrative duties , and generally has a secretary to handle such things ; amongst the occupants of this post have been the likes of hugo carmody , monty bodkin and psmith , although by far the best known , and least appreciated by his lordship , is rupert baxter , the bespectacled efficiency expert , who made emsworth 's life a misery with his ruthless organisation of his master 's precious time .
the constituent community of hitzerode had its first documentary mention in 1195 in a document from pope celestine iii , in which he confirmed the germerode monastery ’s lordship .
state rooms’ and ‘ cardinal ’s room’ , his lordship ’s study , her ladyship ’s boudoir , two drawing - rooms , the dining - room , the ballroom , the billiard room , the nurseries , the library , the strong room , the armoury and a theatre ( a programme for a performance of the rivals , given in 1792 , survives ) .
the lordship of the manor next came to the vesci family , powerful in south yorkshire near roche abbey , and in 1290 john lord vesci contributed towards the marriage of king edward i 's eldest daughter , as was mandated by lord vesci 's holding of knights fees on his manor of bolton percy .
the lordship of cardiff then passed to prince john , later king john through his marriage to isabel , countess of gloucester , william 's daughter .
in 1493 james iv , brought the lordship of the isles to an end .
lordship lane was the eastern boundary of dulwich manor with friern manor and croxted road ( formerly croks street lane ) the western boundary with lord thurlow 's estate .
the " lebor gabála érenn " , dating to the 11th-12th century , purports to list every high king from remote antiquity to the time of henry ii 's lordship of ireland in 1171 .
after 1368 the lordship was obtained by the counts of celje ; after their extinction in 1456 it reverted to the ducal lands .
the manfredi were a noble family of northern italy , who held the lordship of faenza in the late middle ages and early renaissance .
the land consisted of two merks with a half merk of the lands of old extent called bourtreehill together with two parts of the common , including the three fields lying between the lands called blakatbank and with a half part of the march lying between the lands of stayne and the lands called scottanrig lying in the lordship of stayne , bailliary of cunningham and shire of ayr .
his lordship justice grandhi bhavani prasad was educated in the famous loyola college and received his b.s.c. , l.l.b. degrees from andhra university .
it is also claimed that the castle formed part of the lordship of a noble welshman called tudur trefor or tudor trevor in both the maelors ( that is maelor saesneg and maelor gymraeg .
in the 12th century the castle of irvine lay within the lordship of cunninghame , which had been granted by david i to hugh de morville , lord high constable of scotland .
the ancient origins of the lordship lie in the " forest and liberty of bowland " thought to have been created by william rufus sometime after domesday and granted to his vassal roger de poitou , possibly to reward poitou for his role in repelling the invading scots army of malcolm iii in 1091 - 2 .
the lordship revested into the british crown in 1764 but the island never became part of the united kingdom and retained its status as an internally self - governing jurisdiction .
his lordship married elizabeth , daughter and co - heiress of sir roger d'amory , whom william dugdale calls " that great woman " , by whom he acquired a considerable accession of landed property .
holydean is a feudal lordship .
francesco novello da carrara ( may 19 , 1359 - january 16 , 1405 ) was lord of padua after his father , francesco il vecchio , renounced the lordship on june 29 , 1388 ; he was a member of the family of carraresi .
in the july of that year , edmund obtained a four year lease of the town and lordship of leicester from edmund crouchback , who was still abroad on the crusade .
the lordship of ramla was one of the vassal states of the kingdom of jerusalem .
upon the death of william donn de burgh , 3rd earl of ulster , a civil war broke out among the male descendants of william de burgh over the lordship of connaught , which they claimed by irish custom .
his behaviour was heavily criticised , not just by his commanding officer vice - admiral lord keith , who had recently replaced earl st vincent , but also by old friends such as thomas troubridge , who wrote to him " if you knew what your friends feel for you i am sure you would cut out all the nocturnal parties ... i beseech your lordship , leave off " .
the office under its full title was created during the lordship of ireland ( 1171 - 1536 ) and continued in existence under the kingdom of ireland ( 1536 - 1800 ) and the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
his parents were pieter de graeff and jacoba bicker , his younger brother was johan de graeff , the lord of the semisouverain lordship zuid - polsbroek .
the principality of pereslavl was a rus lordship based on the city of pereyaslavl ( now " pereiaslav - khmelnytskyi " ) on the trubezh river and straddling extensive territory to the east in what are now parts of the ukraine , on the southern frontier of rus'ian civilization with the steppe from 1175 to 1302 .
1138 ) , is the earliest known mormaer of strathearn ; but as with other mormaerdoms , this is simply a source problem and in no way means the lordship was a novelty .
military involvement and lordship .
by 1920 , broadwater farm was the last remaining agricultural land on lordship lane , surrounded by housing on all sides .
his lordship rose and prayed that god might bless the church and altar dedicated to his honour and the honour of the blessed mother of god and st. john .
on his death in 1071 the lordship passed to his son , roger de breteuil , but he plotted against king william , was captured and imprisoned , and had his estates forfeited .
he continued to petition for the revival of the lordship and viscountcy .
i am sorry to transmit to your lordship the disagreeable account of a disagreeable business , some time in the beginning of this month , upon news of the rebel army approaching , general carleton set out for montreal in great haste ; the 7th instant the rebels landed in the woods near st. john 's , and beat back to their boats by a party of savages incamped at that place ; in this action the savages behaved with great spirit and resolution , and had they remained firm to our interests , probably the province would have been safe for this year , but finding the canadians in general averse to the taking up arms for the defence of their country , they withdrew , and made their peace .
in 1405 the lordship was granted to sir john stanley , whose descendants ( later the earls of derby ) ruled the isle of man for over 300 years .
in earlier centuries of the civilization , " herra " , quite similarly to e.g lord , sieur , seigneur , freiherr , meant the owner of a lordship .
for a fuller account of the lordship and the feudal family , see toron .
the principality of piombino was a state of italy , which existed ( initially as independent lordship ) from 1399 to 1805 , when napoleon absorbed it into the principality of lucca and piombino .
he initially held the lordship of bray - sur - seine , in champagne .
when the lords of falkenstein , too , saw their male line come to an end in 1418 , the county of isenburg inherited the lordship over langen .
for his service on the blackwater , garlan was granted the lordship of brightwater keep and the lands of the florents , who were bannermen to the tyrells but joined with stannis .
this town is the original lordship of a french family of the same name ( rougé - rougé , rougé de derval , rougé du plessis - bellière , and rougé de caylus ) .
the lordship of myllendonk ( sometimes spelled " millendonk " ) was an estate of the holy roman empire , located in western north rhine - westphalia , germany .
the next lord of holydean was made in 1602 when the barony and lordship of holydean was assigned to sir rober ker of cessford , who was made 1st earl of roxburghe .
the lord of liddesdale was a magnate in medieval scotland ; the territorial lordship of liddesdale was first created by david i of scotland , perhaps between 1113 and 1124 when the latter was prince of the cumbrians .
girolamo had five sons , ottaviano , who officially inherited the lordship of imola , cesare , giovanni livio , galeazzo , francesco , and a daughter , bianca by his wife , caterina .
in the wake of ieyasu 's victory , the nanbu clan was confirmed in its lordship of the ( also known as the ) .
it was turned into a secular lordship in 1606 , as part of jedburgh abbey , for alexander , lord home .
tradition ordains that when the head of the family is in his final hours , the foxes of county meath , except for nursing vixens , emerge from their earths and make their way to the door of gormanston castle to keep vigil until his lordship has passed from this life .
lordship of ireland .
the estate was purchased by the marquis of huntly , and in 1840 it was sold to lord ward , earl of dudley , then in 1860 his lordship sold it to edward ellice .
with bloody victories on 11 june 1157 , albert the bear was able to reconquer brandenburg , exile jaxa , and found a new lordship .
in the rpga " living greyhawk " campaign that ran from 2001 to 2008 , the lordship of the isles was assigned to spain and was placed within the splintered suns metaregion .
there were also two ploughs under the lordship 's tenure in existence .
the prince of chernigov was the " kniaz " , the ruler or sub - ruler , of the rus ' principality of chernigov , a lordship which lasted four centuries straddling what are now parts of ukraine , belarus and the russian federation .
the county of malta was a feudal lordship of the kingdom of sicily , relating to the islands of malta and gozo .
his lordship then wrote to jekyl , telling him the circumstances under which , when he was only sixteen , he had arranged with mr cargill for a secret marriage between her and tyrrel ; but , learning subsequently the contents of his uncle 's will , had incurred their life - long hatred by personating his brother at the ceremony .
among those who unsuccessfully claimed the lordship after him was the family of john birmingham ( astronomer ) .
in 1402 succeeded pino in the lordship of forlì , receiving the title of papal vicar by boniface ix .
edmond assumed the right of the lordship of connaught , ireland .
the lordship of lovat has for some time been linked to the chiefship of clan fraser .
when the apostles spoke of salvation by the name of jesus , they never meant that people could be saved within allegiance to the lordship of jesus ; on the contrary , they expressly meant that only by a voluntary submission to the lord could one be saved .
king alexander iii granted the right of the " lordship of loveth , vulgo morich , " in the aird , in 1253 , and the corresponding lands , to simon fraser of lovat , either his son or cousin , from whom the clan fraser claims descent .
the abbreviation stands for " la signoria vostra " " your lordship / ladyship " , which is the historical basis for the use of the third - person feminine pronoun ( see also below ) .
in 1668 , the count of abensberg - traun was granted the lordship of eglofs , which he held until 1804 , when it was sold to windisch - graetz .
in 1583 the corporation of the borough attempted to usurp the lord of the manor by laying claim to the lordship .
by letters patent dated 23 october 1440 , sir william phelip held the lordship of horstead manor .
1826 - east dulwich chapel built at start of lordship lane opposite goose green .
following the reichsdeputationshauptschluss , the mediatisation and secularisation of numerous secular and ecclesiastical principalities within the former holy roman empire , the lordship was annexed by the newly formed kingdom of württemberg in 1806 .
robert was a grandson of alan stewart ( died 1439 ) and inherited the lordship of aubigny through his marriage to his cousin anne stewart , daughter of bernard stewart , lord of aubigny ( died 1508 ) .
my dear lord , it is in compliance with your lordship ’s kind wish , that i publish this sermon . i do not regret any little additional trouble
this execution of a warrior well advanced in years , about 60 , was very likely the violent act of an unbridled youth who thought his dignity affronted and it has been suggested that henry grey thought that sir gruffydd had claimed some right to the lordship of powys or that jealousy of sir gruffudd vaughan 's position and his descent from the princely families of powys led sir henry grey to take advantage of the outlawry .
latin empire , latin patriarch of constantinople , leo i of the byzantine empire , leo ii , leo iii , leo iv chozar , leo v , leo vi , leon styppes , leontius , leontius of byzantium , leontius theotokites , liberius ( praetorian prefect ) , licario , licinia eudoxia , lindos , list of battles 601 - 1400 , list of battles 1401 - 1800 , list of byzantine civil wars , list of byzantine emperors , list of byzantine foreign treaties , list of byzantine inventions , list of military commanders , list of patriarchs of constantinople , liutprand , king of the lombards , liutprand of cremona , lombards , longinus , lordship of negroponte , louis vii of france , lucas notaras , luke of constantinople
norman lordship in the heartland of cumberland can be dated from chronicle sources to around 1092 , the year king william rufus seized the region from its previous ruler , dolfin .
lord napier died unmarried at an early age and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his cousin and heir male ( see the baron carnock for later history of this title ) and in the lordship by his aunt , the fifth lady napier .
still , when the misinformation - prone " encomiast " names among cnut 's domains , not only england , denmark and norway , but also " scotia " and " britannia " , there may be just enough evidence to suggest there is no exaggeration , here , of his lordship over the british isles .
in addition to his acquisitions in lochalsh and lochcarron , colin ( according to the earl of cromartie ) " feued the lordship of ardmeanach , and the barony of delnys , brae ross , with the exception of western achnacherich , wester drynie , and tarradale , which bayne of tulloch had feued before , but found it his interest to hold of him as immediate superior , which , with the former possessions of the lands of chanonry , greatly enhanced his influence .
kilkenny formed part of the lordship of lenister created in the wake of the norman invasion of ireland in 1169 - 71 .
the lowlands near where the arlanza entered the arlanzón were probably part of his lordship , and nuño possessed properties in peñalba and vilviestre del pinar halfway between carazo and navarre .
the eldest daughter , janet , married william ruthven , 2nd lord ruthven ( d. 1552 ) in 1515 , and the castle and lordship of dirleton passed to the ruthven family .
at the same time , the council granted him the lordship of the manor of mottram in longdendale .
the title of laird may carry certain local or feudal rights , though unlike a lordship , a lairdship has never carried voting rights , either in the historic parliament of scotland or , after unification with the kingdom of england , in the british house of lords .
following the century of the reformation the barony of coldingham , previously the possession of the priory , was erected as a temporal lordship , under the great seal , dated october 16 , 1621 , upon john stewart , second son of francis stewart , 1st earl of bothwell , who was the last commendator of coldingham priory .
funai had been the castle of the ōtomo clan ; however , toyotomi confiscated it during the lordship of ōtomo yoshimune .
the present parish of over 6000 acres ( 24 km² ) is the residue of that ancient crown lordship .
he was also granted lordship over the feudal nemo 's kingdom .
lordship salvation is a teaching in christian theology which maintains that good works naturally and necessarily follow being declared righteous before god .
at the 1292 marriage of henry ii , prince of mecklenburg , the lordship was given as dowry by the ascanians to the princes , who later became dukes of mecklenburg , with stargard becoming the residence of the princes of mecklenburg - stargard , an offshoot of the mecklenburg dynasty , between 1352 and 1471 .
the lordship of parliament of bothwell ( lord bothwell ) was created once in the peerage of scotland around 1485 for sir john ramsay , who lost it on 8 october 1488 by forfeiture .
they exchanged their royal pretences for an english lordship at the parliament of shrewsbury in 1283 .
he inherited the lordship of aubigny at the age of 14 on the death of his elder brother henry in 1632 .
the counts ruled the lordship of broich and , from 1449 , half of the county of limburg ( in condominium with neuenahr - alpen from 1479 ) .
one of the privileges of the lordship was to carry out trial by combat .
by 20 november 1085 , according to a document in the cartulary of san millán , garcía 's lordship was extended south to include calahorra , an episcopal seat .
he received the lordship of nablus , which had been a dower gift to maria following her marriage to amalric .
the present bishop , the second bishop of klerksdorp is his lordship the rt .
with the advent of the normans during the xi century , noepoli became a lordship of count alessandro of chiaromonte as testified in a document which ratifies his donation from the s. onofrio monastery to the cersosimo church ( 1093 ) .
fernando thus established a semi - independent lordship between the tagus and guadiana rivers , with his seat at trujillo .
although denied succession to all the lands of the gall - gaidhil , he was granted lordship over carrick in the north - west .
your lordship ” .
the abbey became secularized in the 16th century and in the beginning of the 17th century was turned into a secular lordship .
oiz is one of the " hornblower mountains " from where the assembly of the lordship of biscay was gathered in the middle ages .
however , how this affected the lordship of the isles was not clear since developments in regions surrounding the aerdy sea were not included in this edition .
" iestyn was the last ruler of an independent morgannwg , which was thereafter in the possession of the normans and became the lordship of glamorgan "
gibney was consecrated as his lordship the most rev. dr. matthew gibney , the lord bishop of perth .
stormont had , on 20 july 1625 , been served heir male and entire of sir andrew murray of balvaird , the son of his brother , and on 26 october of the same year made a settlement of the lordship of scone and other estates to certain relatives of the name of murray .
from 1773 to 1777 he studied law , but after succeeding to the lordship of parliament in 1776 he obtained a commission in the 7th dragoons .
the profits of my land are worth £ 200 a year to myself ; it is a lordship called weston - upon - trent .... i can not capitulate with the queen ; but the greater my offence has been , the greater is her mercy in pardoning and restoring me to my blood and living , showing the liberality which makes her famous , and obliging me to spend my life at her feet . "
when he came of age , he received the lordship of toron from his father , but the mamluks conquered it in 1266 .
before the lordship of the island was purchased by the british crown in 1765 ( the " revestment " ) , the assent of the lord of man to a bill was signified by letter to the governor .
each manorial title carried certain rights and privileges and as with other manorial titles lord of the manor , ownership could be inherited , transferred or bought and the current title of the lordship of the manor of marr is held by ewa lucas gardiner m.sc . , f.coll .
it may have been at this time that he seized and fortified the herefordshire beacon for the bishop of hereford complained of his lordship of this castle in 1148 .
ilpenstein ( also " het huis te ilpendam " ) was the name of a ruined castle of the free and high lordship of purmerend , purmerland and ilpendam , located in ilpendam ( waterland ) in the north of the city of amsterdam .
in 725 and 728 , he again entered bavaria and the ties of lordship seemed strong .
the navy of the lordship controlled the tilva strait , the maritime trading route that between the isles and the mainland , and over the next few centuries , the isles became extremely wealthy by charging transit fees and various other " taxes " on the merchants who plied this route .
while the norman political impact was considerable , it was untidy and not uniform , and the stresses on the lordship in 1315 - 48 meant that " de facto " control of most of ireland slipped from its grasp for over two centuries .
the lordship was given to matilda lovell and the lovells controlled longdendale until 1465 when control again reverted to the crown .
by 1088 bernard de neufmarché mentioned ' all the tithes of his lordship which he had in brycheiniog in the woods and plains ' as well as glasbury .
his lordship was elevated as adhoc judge on 22.2.1995 and then as judge of supreme court on 30.3.1996 .
the lordship of limburg never recovered from the effects of the plague .
the lord lieutenant of ireland ( plural : lords lieutenant ) , also known as the judiciar in the early mediaeval period and as the lord deputy as late as the 17th century , was the king 's representative and head of the irish executive during the lordship of ireland ( 1171–1541 ) , the kingdom of ireland ( 1541–1800 ) and the united kingdom of great britain and ireland ( 1801–1922 ) .
the coat of arms of the lordship of the isles features a sable anchor on an azure field , the anchor surmounted by an argent crown decorated with three sapphires .
sybil has longed for an opportunity for vengeance against egremont , and the resultant political scandal destroys his parliamentary career and aspirations for a merit lordship .
the lordship remained in the grey family until richard grey , 6th baron grey de ruthyn , 3rd earl of kent sold it to henry vii in 1508 .
swansea was designated chief town of the lordship and received a borough charter some time between 1158 and 1184 ( and a more elaborate one in 1304 ) .
the principality of smolensk ( eventually grand principality of smolensk ) was a kievan rus lordship between the eleventh- and fifteenth - century .
the grant was confirmed c. 1269 by hugh iii of cyprus , with a clause allowing hugh to buy back the lordship .
it became a secular lordship for the last commendator , mark kerr ( ker ) in 1587 .
the old saxon system of " abgabengrundherrschaft " , lordship based on dues and taxes , was replaced by a form of feudalism based on service and labour , personal relationships , and oaths .
bernhard 's successor , hermann ii , moved the seat of his lordship to rheda castle .
the reason for this was placing fingolfin 's gift of the lordship of dor - lómin to ca .
with the extinction of this lineage , took place the lordship of the marquis de aguilar and counts of castaneda , after dukes of frias , until the formation of the municipal regime in the early nineteenth century .
on the death of the second lord in 1638 , the lordship became extinct .
the lordship of striguil .
the death of gilbert de clare , the lord of glamorgan and the most prominent landowner in the south , at the battle of bannockburn in june 1314 , left a power vacuum in the region , and the heavy - handed response of the english crown towards overseeing de clare 's lands there , combined with the death of several hundred men of glamorgan at bannockburn , precipitated a revolt in the lordship in late summer of that year .
in 1537 , the abbot of croyland wrote to thomas cromwell , sending him a gift of fish : " ryght mekely besechyng yow lordship favorablye to accepte the same fyshe , and to be gud and favorable lorde unto me and my pore house " .
" the nobility in medieval francia : continuity , break or evolution ? " in cheyette , " lordship and community " , ( see xii . c. 4 ) , pp . 128 - 36 .
no one questions that there must be a sincere change of mind , a turning from oneself to the savior ; but lordship advocates attempt to make behavior and fruit [ godly character ] , as well as good works essential " ingredients " of , rather than " evidence " of , saving faith . "
later it was part of the lordship of hohenfels , and from them it came into the possession of the überlingen spital .
thus , in modern times , the " lordship salvation " controversy between some faculty at dallas seminary ( charles ryrie and zane c. hodges ) and others ( john f. macarthur and r.c. sproul ) has resulted in serious thinking on this question : can one be justified without any evidence of sanctification whatsoever ?
hon peter ala adjetey . chief justices ' ; his lordship justice f. k. apaloo .
the lordship of bowland , an ancient title connected with the forest , was once thought lost and was only recently rediscovered .
lordship ( stratford ) .
