the various dishes are prepared in the kitchens directly below the great hall and , at meal times , magically transported up so that they appear served for the students .
armies launch them like shells from magically - powered ' egg - tossers ' , which may be standalone devices or mounted on ley - line ships or behemoths .
that 's ridiculous comprises coins appearing magically underneath playing cards placed on a table .
while still in his mother 's womb , dar is magically transferred to a cow by one of the witches , rendering the king powerless to save his son or his queen , who is killed by the heinous witch .
virginia woolf 's ' focuses on a man who becomes a woman , as does a warrior in peter s. beagle 's " the innkeeper 's song " ; while in geoff ryman 's " the warrior who carried life " cara magically transforms herself into a man .
as for an ornately framed , 17th - century - style portrait of cinderella above a regal fireplace in the bedchamber : it magically changes into a modern , 21st - century flat - screen hdtv .
eventually , the female - dominated faction of magically - oriented wraiths got tired of hiding , or possibly found a way to revitalize their magical abilities .
the wizard coldraith , in the year 1281 , had magically stopped the flow of water into the marsh and instead began flooding the plains of coloni ; the water returned to the marshes after coldraith was killed by altair of coloni and caliphear the nightmare .
merlin magically turns wart into various animals at times .
she is what ancient texts refer to as a " pillar of creation " or " a hole in the world " , meaning that jennsen is completely magically ungifted .
when she arrives , she walks until she comes to an ashoka tree which magically bends down for her .
the photographic images " magically " induce themselves to the decalcomanias and vice versa .
other characters can be " lesser gifted " ( less magically capable , but have more mundane skills ) , the " mundane " ( non - magical humans ) or even various supernatural races such as vampyres , spirits , or bast ( intelligent shape - shifting cats ) .
this causes link to magically materialize , seemingly having been trapped in the mirror ( why he was in there is never explained ) .
she was magically created from blue clay , sugar and spice but nothing nice , crocodile tears , half a pack of lies , a chatter of a magpie , and the hardest stone for her heart .
the apathetic protagonist meets a woman with magically seductive ears and a strange man who dresses as a sheep and talks in slurs ; in this way there are elements of japanese animism or shinto .
in most cases , their efforts succeeded , and they found that the newly sapient species produced magically gifted individuals .
the cups in ægir 's hall were always full , magically refilling themselves when emptied .
after the addition of trombonist matt kwiatkowski , the group released 1992 's magically delicious .
she magically erases his memory afterwards .
contact with ancestors or other spirits of the dead is an important practice within the conjure tradition , and the recitation of psalms from the bible is also considered magically effective in hoodoo .
she is described as being the most powerful drow matron mother to have ever lived in menzoberranzan and even in her old age she is known to be one of the most magically protected beings in faerûn .
the books she authored included " hollywood i moten " ( hollywood in fashion , 1986 ) and " kle deg magisk " ( dress magically , 1999 ) .
for instance , andras , a demon of rage , caused long - simmering disputes between the sisters to boil over until they got into a magically - amped catfight .
among the surviving ships was the " aguja " , the weakest ship of the convoy and which carried the gold columbus was owed — spurring accusations that columbus magically invoked the storm out of vengeance .
luminously inventive and magically silly ” and ari sharp of " the program " wrote “
when morgana realizes that the dark stone has now become magically connected to kale and she can not seize complete control of it , she decides to join forces with the outlaw princess .
the photo magically disappears and reappears in susie 's hand as she recovers from a mysterious fit .
in addition an offshoot of the human race named mutants also exist in each world , magically attuned descendants of a union between humans and the world of continent 's older races .
he tries to reach her humanity through their friendship , but gets tossed around and magically sliced at .
he was killed in a magically - contrived hunting accident .
yawgmoth had been artificially and magically modifying his thran followers in a process that he called phyresis , the diametric opposite of the powerstone phthisis that he 'd been working to cure .
when buffy 's heroic vampire boyfriend angel ( david boreanaz ) loses his soul , and reverts to his evil ' angelus ' personality , willow is the one to restore it magically in the second season finale " becoming , part two " .
from there , first year students are accompanied by the keeper of the keys , game and grounds ( in harry 's case , hagrid ) – or another suitable teacher if he is absent – to small boats , which magically sail across the lake that get them near the entrance of hogwarts .
meanwhile , kait 's cousin danya , who was kidnapped and used as the receptacle for the rehwah by the sabir wolves , is magically relocated hundreds of miles away into a territory that is occupied by people who are scarred - deformed by magic .
arthur 's eyes magically glow red and aulfric knocks out merlin using magic .
it is magically programmed to lethally constrict if the wearer tells a lie .
the cheshire cat gives rabbit a pair of rose - colored glasses and convinces him that they magically make everything beautiful .
in the movie " labyrinth " ( which also references another escher work , " relativity " ) , jareth , the goblin king , offers sarah a crystal ( which magically appears in his hand ) and says , " if you turn it this way , look into it , it will show you your dreams . "
also has a shield spell and a light spell , and can magically reach out and take objects which are far away .
during an encounter with a celtic force , a roman legion is magically transported to another world when the two opposing leader ’s swords touch .
the little room ” , the name borrowed from a short story by madeline wynne in which a room magically disappears and reappears .
having lost his temper with his aunt marge and inadvertently causing her to magically inflate , harry potter flees the dursleys ' .
some surrealist strips -- including one in which dilbert and dogbert are magically transported to a land populated by men in togas who speak only in clichés-- are demonstrative of a style which adams completely abandoned within the strip 's first year .
later when he is alone he follows the bird 's instructions and magically makes a plow of gold .
the motif of a hero magically made to forget his love and remembering her on her appearance is common ; it may even have been dropped from " young beichan " , as the hero always returns to the heroine with a promptness of an enchantment breaking .
neuberger surfaced in england two years later , unwillingly assisting lady hester stanton who wanted to magically bind the land to herself .
santa tells guilfi he can get them out by selecting a magically power that was inside him all along .
he used the wand to make her magically pregnant with a son who would walk and talk at birth and say that half - man was his father .
the gift is a origami crane that can be sent to pass messages to people katya knows or magically target someone who she needs .
it has also been used to place beings into suspended animation , and strange has used its light to levitate objects as heavy as the hulk and professor xavier plus his wheelchair together , or the thing , with minimal effort while simultaneously magically controlling the cloak of levitation to fly himself , carrying a total of at least fifteen hundred pounds , during the early years of the defenders .
to stop the lone power from destroying their universe , kit and nita quickly enlist a wall of magically animated trees and statues around a refuge in central park , and begin to read from the bright book by moonlight , to undo the changes that the lone power has been making during the pursuit .
shakuni was a master at gambling and owned a pair of dice which magically did his bidding and produced numbers desired by him .
the girl is protected by geralt of rivia , a witcher - a magically and genetically mutated monster slayer for hire , and also a man whose destiny is bound with that of ciri .
dobby later tries to keep harry away from hogwarts by magically sealing off the hidden entrance to platform 9¾ , but harry and ron foil that plot by piloting the flying car back to school .
the action of the play however also borrows from ancient folklore - the rescue of a maiden or a treasure from the inaccessible stronghold of a giant or monster was already familiar to athenians in the story of perseus and andromeda and it is still familiar to modern audiences as ' jack and the beanstalk ' ( trygaeus like jack magically ascends to the remote stronghold of a giant and plunders its treasure ) .
convinced by wiccan that being avenger is about who one chooses to be despite one 's origins , she , coat of arms , and wiccan manage to magically remove the sentry from the battlefield and turn the tide of the fight against the young masters and the dark avengers .
when they realize money has magically reappeared , they get spooked , and then remember shemp saying he would come back to haunt them .
finally , he was caught within the body of a darkling glory , in a battle that slew many other glories , and bound within a magically - sealed iron cage within the netherworld .
these four magic attacks can be utilised in different ways ( for example , brisingr arrows , or throwing spears in baskets magically ) .
all that remains of the devastated land of valentine now are the pookas , cursed humans in the shape of anthropomorphic rabbits , their currency , and the magically - endowed grandchildren of the late king valentine .
lorena starts to snap out of it , as thomas magically makes a machete appear in his hand .
simon the sorcerer is a teenager transported into a fantasy world as a sorcerer dressed in a cloak and pointy hat ; his cloak and hat are purple in the first game , but change to red for the rest of the series ( excluding possibility to magically change colour in the third game ) .
as of the " monster con " episode , ah - mah was shown to still possess a significant amount of magically - enhanced speed and strength , though her stamina and durability are severely diminished ( in comparison to her granddaughter who has superhuman strength ) to the point of being unable to stand unassisted after two to three minutes of combat ( this is because of her old age ) .
they bred the first yuan - ti by magically experimenting with and breeding men with snakes .
they are capable of magically altering their features somewhat , but in their natural form they have skin with fine scales , fiery red eyes , demonic pointed tails , and a pair of bat - like wings , in addition to their sun elven beauty .
the mysterious gold dust that allows him to magically transport from place to place is running out , and without it there will be no way for anyone to travel to sodor .
he would contact " the man upstairs " via telephone , saying " phone , please ! " , after which the receiver would magically appear in his hand .
each show would close with sue talking to samson the cat , but on fridays she would click her fingers and magically transport herself to diddley - dum - diddley for a sitdown chat and a cup of tea with all the characters .
in " the lightning thief " , percy is given a magically enchanted sword called anaklusmos ( riptide ) .
they magically change into their uniforms every time they yell u !
she magically transported her physical self to the isle , confessed her part in kaervek 's invasion , and begged for help .
within the mastaba , the offering chapel was dedicated to the sustenance of the deceased beyond death by magically providing food and water .
after a meteorite falls from the sky , flavio , a noble blacksmith , forges its ore into a dagger ( " balaraw " in filipino ) , which magically turns into a sword when he raises it and points to the sky .
the mouser , magically shrunken to rat size , spies out their plans , but the rats ' victory appears certain until the intervention of the gods of lankhmar and the rats ' own ancient enemies .
the former deals mainly with issues of philosophy , and the latter with practical magic , potions and alchemy . spells to magically protect objects , for example , are the origin of the expression " hermetically sealed " .
the film revolves around seven friends , 3 of which are magically granted the use of ninja powers to fight back against hordes of zombies , and their evil leader eric .
he finally reveals himself as llwyd in disguise , and admits that the mice were really his attendants magically transformed .
if she was given the flower , he gave her a feather that would magically aid her .
rules and setting are presented in the form of diaries of a number of characters within the game , the main being the author 's alter - ego " tom olam " , a game designer from our world magically transported in new europa .
he then growls at the dwarves , and makes food magically appear in their hands .
the governor contracts thames to take a mysterious and magically sealed box outside the city -- a very dangerous place filled with alien creatures .
my thoughts are with you , how magically good and beautiful everything must be with you – you are the flowers .
the corpulent fatstuff had buttons popping off his tight - fitting shirt , never explaining how the buttons magically regenerated from one panel to the next .
under the effects of this spell , the events of his journey with drizzt and company were magically recorded meticulously in a journal .
she draws him to her magically and embraces him , telling him he is her favorite , and he seems to disappear .
in the party 's search for a source of fresh ( and not - magically - booby - trapped ) water , wren falls prey to a combined teleportation / lithification spell on one of the otherwise - natural springs , and it is only by the sudden aid of idress rhiscarlan that wren 's mind is evacuated from andreus 's tower at eddran before he can summon her body , though idress is forced to transfigure wren 's body into a dog form in order to bring it back successfully to the party 's position near the western border .
the bride had magically disappeared .
although previously closed to all , the party enter , where the hero and jowy are magically transported deeper into the shrine and are met by the seeress leknaat , the keeper of the gate rune .
arutha kills the moredhel lord , revealing that it was a magically changed pantanthian .
in lori 's appearances in the mid - to - late 1990s , lori had been magically altered so that she would be human when dry and a mermaid when wet , much like madison , daryl hannah 's character in the 1984 movie " splash " .
though neither robert nor tina appears in the true mainstream reality as of yet , the " new pride " found their magical runestone as part of the ritual to summon geoffrey wilder to their present time , and uses more of their magical artifacts to their benefit , such as the eye - spy cauldron to scry upon the runaways in new york from los angeles ( used earlier to communicate with geoffrey wilder to mention the possibility that topher was a vampire ) and the chameleon glamour charm wilder utilized to conceal his true identity by magically giving himself the voice and physical appearance of chamber and alex wilder .
caradoc takes up the challenge , and dutifully offers his own neck when the sorcerer magically replaces his head .
even with these small fairies , however , their small size may be magically assumed rather than constant .
it was built on top of a rocky hill " so that the castle and the river appeared magically to carriages or cars arriving through the forested pine street entrance . "
because the ancient egyptians believed statues could magically perceive the world , they were ceremonially brought to life by priests in a special ritual called the opening of the mouth ceremony .
esme thought her father was raymond , but on the night she was conceived felix had magically transformed to look like raymond in order to get one night of happiness with esme 's mother .
they find themselves surrounded by friends that strike them as greedy , only to magically return to ancient somalia where they live out all of the popular somali folktales for themselves .
king granseal and his minister attend to the tower of the ancients , under which is magically sealed a sleeping evil known as zeon the devil king .
loo - kee has magical abilities , but as he points out in " loo - kee lends a hand " , they are only for hiding , although in the aforementioned episode he demonstrated limited teleportation when he magically " moved " from skeletor 's head after ending up in snake mountain .
she put a belt on the queen of erin that magically tightened , and forced from her the knowledge that her older son was the gardener 's , and the younger the brewer 's .
during her battle with belasco she magically developed horns , a tail and fangs .
at the end , sabrina would say some sort of pun that related to the last outfit , then magically disappear .
at a certain moment the boulder magically transforms into a globe .
staring aurora , the magically gifted descendant of witchtown , the game takes place in a 2d world and allows the player to build on experience to defeat progressively challenging enemies .
some legends held that merlin had a giant build the structure for him or that he had magically transported it from mount killaraus in ireland , while others held the devil responsible .
rothbart has planned to trick siegfried into breaking his vow to odette by magically disguising odile in odette 's shape and form .
but ikoy is gifted with a good heart and a large spirit that allows him to give joy to hopeless people in their community and magically transforms their lives for the better .
the boys are eventually drawn into an adventure when their house is magically hurtled through space .
yet whatever vision they saw , it was so terrifying even they were unnerved and magically sealed the mirror so none could ever use it again , instead causing a mere reflection to stare back at the beholder .
she gives the villager some ginger , which , by the time the villager gets home , has magically turned to gold .
the stories are about a group of toys in a toy castle that magically come to life when the children are asleep .
in 1995 , a three episode pretty sammy ova series began , where sasami , who is known as sasami kawai , magically becomes pretty sammy .
when kaervek attacked this city , the guildmages decided to evacuate tefemburu and leave it magically trapped .
at the centre of the village square of godric 's hollow , is a war memorial that magically transforms into a monument to the potter family – james , lily , and harry– when approached by witches and/or wizards unaccompanied by muggles .
the house magically appears to come to life as he steps inside , a face appearing on the outside wall .
gavron played the role of a boy named farid , a character from " the book of one thousand and one nights " magically brought to life .
the term comes from the cornucopia , the " horn of plenty " of greek mythology , which magically supplied its owners with endless food and drink .
severus snape once told harry potter that " time and space matter in magic ... " during harry 's first occlumency class in " harry potter and the order of the phoenix " and albus dumbledore told harry after finding the magically concealed boat to reach the locket horcrux that " magic always leaves traces ... sometimes distinctive traces ... "
however , when voldemort duels harry , their wands become magically locked together due to the twin phoenix feather cores of the wands .
her sandals magically appear on her feet when she spins around , while a powder - blue fabric unravels and becomes her main outfit and her wings blossom from her back as she spins once .
he puts it on , and the next day , while standing beside a statue of don quijote , he finds him magically transported to don quijote 's time period .
other than being immortal , he appears to be impervious to any kind of harm ( stones , arrows , even guts ' cannon , magically missed or vanished in midair ) , with even the skull knight 's sword being incapable , notorious for slashing space itself , of even reaching the hawk , though it could be speculated that such feats are made by griffith to protect himself .
when the scottish castle goes under attack , the group take to the submarine and are transported magically by willow to oz in tibet .
n’astirh intended to use them and other mutant children to magically fuse earth with limbo and increase his own powers .
a related myth is that of a hero magically twinned with a horse foaled at the time of his birth ( for example cuchulainn , pryderi ) , suggested to be fundamentally the same myth as that of the divine twin horsemen by the mytheme of a " mare - suckled " hero from greek and medieval serbian evidence , or mythical horses with human traits ( xanthos ) , suggesting totemic identity of the indo - european hero or king with the horse .
quq'kumatz became known as the greatest " nagual " lord of the k'iche ' and is told have been able to magically transform himself into snakes , eagles , jaguars and even blood .
mondain 's power over sosaria stemmed from it being magically " held " inside , the gem .
upon encountering the monarch , dr. orpheus unsuccessfully tries to make him orpheus 's personal arch - enemy by slapping him and giving him a magically - induced hotfoot .
the witch of the north then magically transfers them to dorothy 's feet , they take on the appearance of white slip - on shoes .
following zom 's banishment , strange magically stitched the amphora back together and sealed it with a spell .
the shim'tar armour was magically placed as a nanotech metallic patina in a goblet .
he assumes a robot - like gait ( with his tail magically rotating like the robot 's wind - up key ) and follows her off the screen .
there are , of course , real daggers included among the illusory ones ( prompting a comment from entreri that " the real thing can kill you , whether you believe in it or not " ) , which magically disappear after a short period of time , returning themselves to his magic bracer .
for many people who grew up listening to radio children 's hour programmes , the haunting harp theme in the symphony as the first noel motif starts is as magically evocative of the spirit of christmas as is the lone chorister who starts to sing " once in royal david 's city " at the beginning of the king 's college , cambridge festival of lessons and carols .
placing the crown on her head will magically turn her into a princess , and eventually fulfilling all of her wishes .
the two part as enemies once circe magically binds him to a rock .
the elves were also the ones who magically created the ellcrys through the sacrifice of a life , which banished the demons into the forbidding .
the turtle magically gives tarō gills and brings him to the bottom of the sea , to the palace of the dragon god ( ryūgū - jō ) .
one element of this is the need to limit a wizard , so that opposition to him ( necessary for a story ) is feasible ; if the wizard loses his staff or wand ( or other magic item on which he is dependent ) , he is weakened if not magically helpless .
then magically the chosen card would rise , whether it be in the box , in the hands , on a surface , even in a wine glass .
the front door magically opens and closes on its own accord for june , who is carrying a tray with both hands .
even though he and piper were in a magically - induced sleep , leo heard piper 's cries for help when her spirit began to move to the afterlife and he healed her .
she often flies around on a broom that happens to be magically alive .
the magically musical duo of goopy gyne and bagha byne make a comeback in this sequel , where they are invited to the court of the hirak raja ( the diamond king ) , for their musical skills .
only the empire trilogy takes place entirely on kelewan , another world connected to midkemia by magically created rifts in space .
to protect the countess from her enemy thorolf takes her to the enchanter doctor bardi , who undertakes to magically disguise her features but instead turns her into an octopus by mistake .
she performed a mystic dance beating the damaru ( small hand drum ) , holding the kapala ( skull cup ) in her hand and gazing into the sky and magically materializing finest food , drink and rich garments in the house .
" the brown bear of norway " is a scottish fairy tale telling the adventures of a girl who married a prince magically turned into a bear , and who managed to get him back into a human form by the force of her love and after many trials and difficulties .
further , he would be instructed in the art of divination during an inquest that took place after a person 's death , to discover who was magically responsible " . ”
which basically says the amount of work done lifting a test mass " m " to height " z " through an atmosphere where gravity decreases with altitude , is the same as the amount of work done lifting that same mass to a height " h " through an atmosphere where " g " magically remains equal to " g0 " , its value at sea level .
and when it comes to lisa ( luisa bradshaw - white ) , he magically comes up with the answer to all her problems .
this chamber contained a magically created basilisk , susceptible to control by his parselmouth descendants and left there to purge the school of all muggle - borns .
later , the same robot was magically made into a golem , allowing her to operate in both worlds , using electrical power in proton , and magical power in phaze .
although kazul is still ill , she must leave immediately to compete in the trials with colin 's stone , a rock that magically chooses the next king of the dragons .
in the beginning of the episode he had cassie wrapped around in his long tongue , and just when carlos was ready to strike , lizwizard magically switched places with cassie , causing carlos to accidentally hit cassie with his lunar lance , injuring her shoulder .
this suggests the pyramid may have been designed to serve as a means to magically launch the deceased pharaoh 's soul directly into the abode of the gods .
magically , he tracks her to o’hare .
hordak saved keldor by magically removing the damaged flesh and allowing his bare skull to exist in a magical floating state above his shoulders .
there is one particularly visible mistake in the live telecast ( aside from the usual constant boom microphone shadows ) , with a momentarily flustered columbo introducing himself to a receptionist as " dr. columbo " , but she magically deduces that he 's actually " lt .
he fires a beam , magically changing everyone so that they too are wearing suits and they all join in the big song and dance number .
near the end , in the land of oobladee , she is eventually magically transformed into a frail , old woman with a cane , who explains the reasons for which she was left to explore much darker horizons , sexually .
in a short time these projects " magically " transformed what had been considered a nearly uninhabitable area into some of the most productive farmland in the northwestern u.s. many cities and towns in the region were founded between 1900 and 1910 as a direct result of these projects .
the tibetans call the one mind 's concretized visualization the khorva ( hkhorva ) , equivalent to the sanskrit sangsara ; that of an incarnate deity , like the dalai or tashi lama , they call a tul - ku ( sprul - sku ) , and that of a magician a tul - pa ( sprul - pa ) , meaning a magically produced illusion or creation .
the game focuses on " the ven " ( a race of magically created humanoids ) and the world of shanri ( both of which have showed up in a previous game , " enemy gods " ) .
willow and tara argue due to willow 's over - active use of magic , and willow goes so far as to erase tara 's memories of the argument magically .
slater and the other characters in the " slater " film series inhabit a parallel universe corresponding to the world of the " slater " films , and danny is magically transported into this world while watching the latest " jack slater " sequel .
it is rumored that aerin 's mother was a witchwoman and she made arlbeth fall in love with and marry her by magically enchanting him , so that she might bear an heir to rule damar .
the main character of the first three books of the series is anna marshall , a middle - aged music instructor and small - time opera singer who is magically transported from ames , iowa to erde , a fantastical world where songs have a magical power , and where she has the capability to become one of the most powerful sorceresses in the world .
while the ring of the golden age green lantern ( alan scott ) was magically powered , the rings worn by all subsequent lanterns were technological creations of the guardians of the universe , who granted such rings to worthy candidates .
in an attempt to recover his lost innocence , carter returns to his childhood home and finds a mysterious silver key , which allows him to enter a cave and magically emerge again in the year 1883 as a child , full of wonder , dreams , and happiness .
another norse tradition involves the myth of norna - gest : when the uninvited norns showed up at his birthday celebration — thus increasing the number of guests from ten to thirteen— the norns cursed the infant by magically binding his lifespan to that of a mystic candle they presented to him .
it may also be a school which is magically protected .
anthy exhibits other unusual abilities as well , including magically embellishing utena 's uniform before the duel .
unlike other rts games where resources seem to magically pop from one place to another where needed , in trash they must travel through pipe .
xander tries to stanch the bleeding of buffy 's chest wound , while in the house , willow cries out as she holds tara 's lifeless body and her eyes turn magically dark red with pain and fury .
brain and mallah themselves were magically resurrected a year prior to this during a " flash " tie - in for " identity crisis " , having been revealed to be in jail for quite some time .
this has manifested in her being able to magically manifest her own ammunition for unloaded weapons , have said ammunition move on its own to track a target , and the ability to soul - dive into magical artifacts like myiomors .
he tells them that the time has come and magically causes a fire to burn brightly .
during this battle and some to follow , the tibetans wore amulets which their lamas had promised would protect them magically from any harm .
they grudgingly accepted and magically gave her all rights to the title of the 13th prince of hell .
she was magically hidden in this storeroom
the king attempts to pursue menelik , but his son is magically flown home before he can leave his kingdom .
during this fight , willow magically disguises buffy as catherine , causing amy to freeze up and giving satsu a chance to throw a grenade at her .
in gratitude , he gives the hero piotyr 's shield , which is magically enchanted .
ellen danielle dunkel is the female duplicate of elliot , who was magically split from him in the " sister " storyline .
the art is fluid , seeming detailed even though it 's not " and she also explained that the demons are very interesting characters and she would like to know more about them , yet it is more about the " magically charged children " .
he finally betrays warren by telling buffy how to defeat an altered , magically enhanced warren .
mr. munshun does not display any known powers apart from a host body , but has the knowledge of several powerful spellwords ( words from the dark speech ) that were said to be able to protect him in times of need , and in the novel he uses one spellword to cause magical slumber and another spellword -unsuccessfully -to attempt to magically freeze a group of rescuers in their tracks .
three years prior to the start of the game in the game 's prologue , however , saturos and menardi , along with a raiding party , raid mt. aleph with the intent to take the elemental stars for themselves , but fail to solve the riddles guarding them and are driven away by the mountain 's trap , a magically generated thunderstorm and rock slide .
as soon as he rips it off the slot , he sees that the pictures of him magically disappear .
however , the zords of the core ranger team are actually the rangers themselves , who magically transform into forms called the mystic titans .
sheer processing power is not a pixie dust that magically solves all your problems .
in retaliation , she magically transports him all the way across the elder isles to avallon .
each of the books ( with the exception of " the horse and his boy " ) features as its protagonists children from our world who are magically transported to narnia , where they are called upon to help the lion aslan handle a crisis in the world of narnia .
the soulmelds function like magically - sustained items that are applied to different parts of the body , and essentia is invested into said soulmelds to make them more effective .
after calming him down , lisa magically changes clothes and sets off to pick up gary at his house .
tiny flames litter this dark fog and magically illuminate the dramas that are performed on the heights of the hill .
the game introduces engine magic which helped propel the renaissance via a magically enabled industrial revolution .
at one point the mouser , magically reduced in size , infiltrates this world .
sam flies to peoples ' houses to check on their children , rollo magically fixes the furnace , and castor starts heating up ( and starting ) peoples ' cars .
in response , nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer has reportedly remarked that he would " eat his tie if it turned out that a nato mig-29 had magically appeared in abkhazia and shot down a georgian drone . "
fancy 's random and violent outbursts , coupled with luis 's secretive quest to find marty and magically - influenced trysts , both with sheridan , strain the couple 's relationship and eventually lead fancy to call quits .
it is also possible through the rare priori incantatem effect to converse with ghost - like " shadows " of magically murdered people .
the akh ( " 3 " meaning ' ( magically ) effective one ' ) , was a concept of the dead that varied over the long history of ancient egyptian belief .
the game chronicles the story of the drasle family 's attempt to destroy an ancient , evil dragon named keela that is magically entrapped in a painting within an underground labyrinth .
vijay sees padma along with her cot is magically flying into the air .
ryhope wood magically repels outsiders by various means including disorientation and physical defences such as thick , impenetrable scrub , huge lakes and raging rivers .
he defeated tony devito by sneaking up from behind and magically pulling out his boxers allowing him to roll up devito for the victory .
upon revealing some significant details from this journey to aid drizzt , he was magically whisked back to longsaddle , wherein his memory of the previous adventure with drizzt and his friends apparently erased .
tanuki are said to cheat merchants with leaves they have magically disguised as paper money .
then she magically changed herself to beautiful and made the king 's daughter ugly , though she could not change their characters .
wenlock magically turns everyone into stone , but annika is saved by brietta , a flying horse , but wenlock tells her that she has three days to marry him , otherwise the spell will be permanent .
to find the child in the real world , the cult enters our world through a cut that magically appears on a person .
valinor is a magically enhanced horse from the extra - dimensional realm of avalon .
queen emilia 's success , however , attracts the attention of gavin magnus , the immortal king of bracada from heroes of might and magic iii and might and magic vii , and his genie servant , solmyr , who seek to prevent axeoth from meeting the same fate as enroth ( i.e. being destroyed ) by magically depriving its entire population of their free will .
azalin then initiated a side project aimed at circumventing his magical curse : he magically impregnated various women with clones of himself , then tried to harvest the clones ' magical knowledge when they reached adulthood after a childhood of magical tutelage .
the rat spies something and the amulet of zoar floats out of the satellite and shatters , the fragments magically flying away .
unlike most magical creatures in the " charmed " universe , avatars are magically connected to each other .
the board appears to magically lift with the feet remaining in contact with the board throughout the jump .
the skrull magnitude ( who has the powers of banshee , havok , polaris , and sunfire ) attacks and severely wounds star sign and paydirt , but delroy kills the skrull with a sword magically summoned by devil - slayer .
the story centres around a mysterious warrior named guin , an amnesiac with a leopard mask magically affixed to his head .
however , the act of proclaiming a road did not magically bring it into existence , and progress on surfacing the track occurred at a slow rate .
they also sometimes team up with a magically cursed , green skinned amphibian man they called the man - fish ( juan vallambrosa ) and a group of diving students called the " tadpoles " .
he also magically acquires an electric guitar which causes whoever hears it to dance uncontrollably whenever he plays rock and roll , and he can , like tom terrific , change his form into virtually anything , limited only by his often surreal imagination .
in the fantasy novel " harry potter and the half - blood prince " , dittany is the name of a substance which , when used magically , can prevent scarring if applied quickly enough after a cutting injury .
the actual blade is said to have been magically honed to a razor 's edge , enhanced the wielder 's strength , and could be used to call down lightning bolts from any stormclouds that might be overhead .
the two companions were able to kill a vulture that guarded the temple of jomali in bjarmaland , obtained its egg , slew the priestess who was kolfrosta the mother of king harek of bjarmaland , and rescued hleid ( " hleið " ) the sister of king godmund ( " godmundr " ) of glæsisvellir who had been magically brought there to be turned into the new priestess .
a delivery man magically survives getting slammed by an oncoming bus .
due to an enchantment cast by oberon 's henchman puck , titania magically falls in love with a rude mechanical ( a lower class laborman ) , nick bottom the weaver , who has been given the head of an ass by puck , who feels it is better suited to his character ( which bears a resemblance to the story of lycaon ) .
the only known demon dactyl , bestesbulzibar , has been known to attack enemies with waves of lava and magically animated stone statues .
in the earth dimension , camryn makes a mess when she tries to magically put dishes into a dishwasher .
in mesoamerican folk religion , a nagual or nahual ( both pronounced [ na'wal ] ) is a human being who has the power to magically turn him- or herself into an animal form , most commonly donkey , turkey and dogs , but also other and more powerful animals such as the jaguar and puma .
however , the hood soon returned , with new powers granted by the norse norn stones , and blows harrow 's head off with a single magically charged bullet .
in " pleasantville " , witherspoon starred alongside tobey maguire in a tale about a pair of 1990s teenage siblings who are magically transported into the setting of a 1950s television series .
15 years later , he and his siblings return to england , where they all magically appear as children again .
the wooden boy magically brought to life in the story by carlo collodi , he was among those fables who fled to the mundane world and formed a community in new york city .
the second level is even less like the human world — all human buildings and people disappear , but all magically built buildings change into a different version of itself .
the original group consisted of the superhuman marcus cole ( the statesman ) , his superpowered wife monica richter ( maiden justice ) , magically empowered young devon wilcox ( the dark watcher ) , weather manipulator raymond george washington ( elementar ) , and the high - tech - suit - wearing brandon warfield and wheelchair - bound suit controller james st. john - smythe ( collectively known as vambrace ) .
the two snakes move into their magically created house and start a successful medical practice in the town .
alison protests that pierre is some sort of demonic wizard who made the food magically appear , but pierre finishes his tale with an allusion to a hidden priest who would have robbed them .
" red river " is about a fifteen - year old japanese girl named yuri suzuki , who is magically transported to hattusa , the capital of the hittite empire in anatolia .
their ' etatist ' variety of liberalism was opposed by herzen as it supposed that russian society would magically evolve to an ideal state based on a hegelian view of reason .
while talking to her , he purposly drops the snow globe she has been given and it breaks , but then he magically repairs it .
he can magically heal fatal wounds sustained by himself or those of others , and even regrow limbs out of " cthonic energy . "
seishirō , now 25 years old , recognises subaru as the boy he had marked as " prey " years before ( despite the fact that subaru now wore magically - enchanted gloves to conceal the pentagrams ) , and begins a year of courtship that will ultimately change both of their lives .
both hermione and story - teller mamillius ( who also played the role of time in the riverside production ) are resurrected magically at the play 's end , as his " sad tale ... best for winter " draws to a conclusion , and the purpose of the lad 's tale has been fulfilled .
despite cat thinking he is not magically talented , the shrewd janet realizes after seeing a book of matches with many gone , that cat , like chrestomanci , is a nine - lived enchanter .
after he is released , barney magically brings the other kids to michael 's house and then whisks them to see santa .
the ship doom had used to do so was then magically imprisoned in a bottle by master khan , who then assumed namor 's form and sold off much of oracle 's holdings .
he faces his father in a room at the top of a tower whose windows magically reflect the battle going on miles away .
the floo network consists of a network of fireplaces magically connected to one another and is frequently used by wizards and witches to travel from place to place .
it is unclear as to whether or not this is the same scarab created from a piece of future technology magically infused by nabu the wizard in the " time masters " mini - series featuring rip hunter .
in other surviving versions , the old woman is portrayed as a witch or sorceress and the dwarf is a boy who magically reaches adulthood overnight .
this is where he is unmasked , as randalf 's old , magically animated teddy bear , thanks to brenda the warrior princess .
