these multihued dragons were sometimes " seen " streaking across the sky , particularly in thunderstorms , although ball lightning may be a more scientific explanation of their manifestation .
another reason may be in current social scenario it may be hard to find females who can be the manifestation of god or can experience trance .
" manifestation " is a compilation album by malevolent creation released in 2000 .
whether this book is a manifestation of the genetic fallacy or a reasonable criticism of religious beliefs is still disputed among scholars today .
the manifestation of glory ( upon a saint for example ) is often depicted in iconography using the religious symbol of a halo .
rose seeks help from her relatives , who reject her , and even james ' grandfather drives them both from the house due to the manifestation of james ' powers .
the sufi " fanâ " in its triple manifestation does not have an exclusively negative effect or action ; it is the annihilation of everything contingent , whether this be in the form of action , attribute or essence ; more precisely , it is the annihilation of everything that is not god , and god is the supreme object of all good , all beauty .
smith taught that the highest exaltation would be achieved through " plural marriage " ( polygamy ) , which was the ultimate manifestation of this new and everlasting covenant .
by sacrificing an exarch to khaine on the eve of battle , the avatar becomes a fiery , animated manifestation of the god , including the blood dripping from his hand , and leads the eldar army into battle
odd holes in the ground or a particular pattern of shadows on the floor , or some other manifestation , were looked upon as warning signs of demons .
shoshenq ii 's prenomen , heqakheperre setepenre , means " the manifestation of re rules , chosen of re . "
humans are seen as spirits attending the school of life for the purpose of unfolding latent spiritual power , developing themselves from " impotence " to omnipotence ( related also to development from innocence into virtue ) , reaching the stage of creative gods at the end of mankind 's present evolution : " great day of manifestation " .
jan assmann argues that because the ancient egyptians could never conceive of a " lonely " god lacking personality , seth the desert god , who was worshiped exclusively , represented a manifestation of evil .
osteochondrosis in pigs has been shown to be a condition responsive to supplementation with the essential trace element boron and may be a manifestation of boron deficiency .
this view proposes that the idea of jesus was the jewish manifestation of a pan - hellenic cult , known as osiris - dionysus , which acknowledged the non - historic nature of the figure , using it instead as a teaching device .
technically , among catholics , the " baptism of the holy spirit " is neither the highest nor fullest manifestation of the holy spirit .
to use his own words , " the ideal of man is to be a revelation himself , clearly to recognize himself as a manifestation of god . "
in this work she appears in another later narrative and her character is portrayed as being far weaker and more frail than her later manifestation .
the first major manifestation is the emergence of the black paulista ( são paulo ) press , whose first newspaper , the menelick , begins to circulate in 1915 .
these worlds are not instantaneously created at the beginning of a day of manifestation , nor do they last until the end .
each sephirah is considered to be an emanation of the divine energy ( often described as ' the divine light ' ) which ever flows from the unmanifest , through kether into manifestation .
swaminarayan hinduism , also known as the " swaminarayan faith " or the " swaminarayan sect " , is a modern tradition of hinduism , in which followers offer devotion and worship swaminarayan as the final manifestation of god .
chaos days ( german : " chaostage " ) was a punk annual manifestation , often violent , held in hanover starting in 1982 and reviving in the mid-1990s .
there was a plan to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the settlement in the banat which was the most significant manifestation by banat bulgarians in that period .
he was arrested in 1894 for participation in manifestation commemorating the 100th anniversary of the kościuszko uprising ( 1794 ) in warsaw .
dorje shugdän is a dharma protector who is the manifestation of je tsongkhapa .
in the " war of kings " storyline it is revealed that bokk and his origin was a manifestation of chris powell 's psyche fracturing because he was incapable of bonding with his darkhawk body .
the front cover of " emotional design " showcases philippe starck 's juicy salif , an icon of industrial design that norman heralds as an " item of seduction " and the manifestation of his thesis .
" if there is any word which might serve as a key to the philosophical and practical aims of þeyr it is " symmetry " . they combine their belief in an inherent structure behind the manifestation of matter with intense experimental fervour that aims at unravelling at least a few practical applications of this " divine proportion " that determines the extent and amplitude of our aesthetic experience [ ... ] the second study deals with the harmonic build up of music , and this has led to a study of the russian composer alexander scriabin ( 1872 - 1915 ) whose work aimed at breaking up all classical rules of harmonic composition and ultimately at the founding of a new music that would escape the straitjacket of the 12-tone scale [ ... ] he further sought to unite sensations such as smell , sight and hearing into one , and some of his later works were interpreted in colour as well as sound .
heat is a manifestation of yang , and when the temperature rises in spring , sprouts break through the surface of the ground , dead yellow grass is replaced with new green grass , and new leaves appear on the trees .
as such , the themes of animals and language are merged in " jubilate agno " , and jeoffry is transformed into a manifestation of the " ars poetica " tradition .
tina eventually summons a manifestation of her father to drag jason back underwater .
concerning article 9 of the convention ( freedom of religion ) , it mentioned that " the market court did not prevent the church from selling the e - meter or even advertising it for sale as such " and stated that " the concept , contained in the first paragraph of article 9 , concerning the manifestation of a belief in practice does not confer protection on statement of purported religious belief which appear as selling ' arguments ' in advertisements of a purely commercial nature by a religious group " , therefore founding no interference with church 's rights .
frequently these problems are the manifestation of software bugs , but the hardware memory errors frequently caused by overclocking may corrupt pointers causing even correct software to fail .
the wendigo in " perceptions " has an appearance very similar to other incarnations of the wendigo , yet seems to be a different manifestation .
refractive amblyopia is usually less severe than strabismic amblyopia and is commonly missed by primary care physicians because of its less dramatic appearance and lack of obvious physical manifestation , such as with strabismus .
one manifestation of bond polarization in organosilanes is found in the sakurai reaction .
it is cited as a regional manifestation of the international style of architecture .
the term " hierophany " ( from the greek roots " ἱερός " ( hieros ) , meaning " sacred " or " holy , " and " φαίνειν " ( phainein ) meaning " to reveal " or " to bring to light " ) signifies a manifestation of the sacred .
this " manifestation " was part of the movements campaign against consumerist society .
this monster is a manifestation of the accumulated malice .
it was written in 1822 by joão soares de albergaria de sousa is considered the first political manifestation of independence or autonomy associated with the peoples of the portuguese archipelago .
freud claimed that dostoevsky 's epilepsy was not a natural condition but instead a physical manifestation of the author 's hidden guilt over his father 's death .
instead the sephirot and four worlds allow man to understand divinity through divine manifestation , by understanding himself .
the mead hall battle scene near the beginning of the film , among others , required numerous props that served as additional markers ; these markers allowed for a more accurate manifestation of a battlefield setting as the battle progressed .
māori academic dr ranginui walker , in a detailed letter to the waikato times , said that in the modern age a taniwha was the manifestation of a coping mechanism for some māori .
the first official manifestation of the ministry of foreign affairs was called " the secretary of the state of foreign affairs " for the now defunct kingdom of sardinia .
davies has stated that the third quartet is a manifestation of his feelings of outrage at the invasion of iraq in 2003 .
in 1922 , " scientific american " offered two us $ 2,500 offers : ( 1 ) for the first authentic spirit photograph made under test conditions , and ( 2 ) for the first psychic to produce a " visible psychic manifestation . "
he is generally considered a manifestation of the hindu god vishnu or his avatar ( incarnation ) krishna or , occasionally , his avatar the buddha .
the bahá'í writings contain assurances that after 1000 years , another manifestation of god will appear to advance human civilization .
jackie stokes re - established siol nan gaidheal ( the third manifestation ) in 1997 , concentrating mainly on the web site and forum .
a notable manifestation of australian performance poetry occurred in sydney in early 1991 , when ten poets , including pi o , billy marshall stoneking , amanda stewart , jas h. duke , and others , teamed up with jazz musician jenny sheard , to create , direct and produce the first ever , poet - performed / directed and produced , dramatic verse play ever presented .
manifestation appears to be slightly different according to race and sex .
some anthropologists believe that our lady of guadalupe ( an indigenous manifestation of christ 's mother mary and patroness of roman catholic mexico ) is a syncretic and " christianized " tonantzin .
rarely , dandruff can be a manifestation of an allergic reaction to chemicals in hair gels / sprays / shampoos , hair oils , or sometimes even dandruff medications like ketoconazole .
lynch recalls that the character , " came out of a feeling of a man who , whether real or not , gave the impression that he was supernatural . " gifford describes the mystery man as " a product of fred 's imagination " and is " the first visible manifestation of fred 's madness . "
in 1988 he was invited along with another musician , the pianist ivo pogorelic , to the festival culturale di san cirillo and san matteo ( fathers of the cirillic alphabet ) under the patronage of the santo padre , and played the first of only two concerts that were programmed for the manifestation .
therefore , the initial manifestation of the einstellung effect on the arithmetic test increases with age .
it is wrong to look with desire upon a woman ; but it is divine to admire her beauty : it is wrong only insofar as man does not regard beauty as a manifestation of god , but misconceives it , and thinks of it in reference to himself .
the plan was intended both as a political manifestation of polish sovereignty and as a direct operation against the german occupiers .
also known as the " manifestation gifts " or " miraculous gifts " .
to this vitalist manifestation he gave the name " odic force " .
rather than truly being a leader these detractors say his leadership was a manifestation of making the most money .
it was the druze who first referred to al - ḥākim as " ruler by god 's command " and members of that sect are reported to address prayers to al - ḥākim , whom they regard as " a manifestation of god in his unity . "
xanthoma planum ( also known as " plane xanthoma " ) is a cutaneous manifestation of lipidosis in which there is an accumulation of lipids in large foam cells within the skin , clinically characterized by macules and plaques spread diffusely over large areas of the body .
manifestation .
notwithstanding the continuity of certain core customary practices , many important and profound changes have transformed the lives and worldviews of these people as a result of more than a century of contacts and interpenetration by the anglican church , colonial administrators and traders , and , most recently , the postcolonial influence of the nation - state and the international world market - whose greatest direct manifestation is in the form of cash , independent travellers , sailing ships and luxury cruise liners which visit this island group every so often .
it has been proposed that major depressive disorder is near - identical with sickness behavior , so raising the possibility that it is a maladaptive manifestation of sickness behavior due to abnormalities in circulating cytokines .
the manifestation of the devi to kill mahishasura is formed by the effulgences of all the gods .
the earliest recorded form is horus the falcon who was the patron deity of nekhen in upper egypt and who is the first known national god , specifically related to the king who in time became to be regarded as a manifestation of horus in life and osiris in death .
along with the story " the rule of names " , this story conveys le guin 's initial concepts for the earthsea realm , most importantly its places and physical manifestation , but not the characters appearing in the novels ..
the principal writings of sri aurobindo include , in prose , " the life divine " , considered his single great work of metaphysics,"the synthesis of yoga " , " secrets of the vedas " , " essays on the gita " , " the human cycle " , " the ideal of human unity " , " renaissance in india and other essays " , " supramental manifestation upon earth " , " the future poetry " , " thoughts and aphorisms " and several volumes of letters .
matsumura also states , nemuri neko " sleeping cat symbolizes nikkō or the spirit of ieyasu , who was thought to be the manifestation of yakusi nyorai " , the buddha of healing , who offers medicinal remedies , gives nourishment to the mind , body , and spirit , and comforts the sick and cures illnesses .
after convincing his troops to accept the principles , which were promulgated on february 24 , 1821 , as the plan of iguala , iturbide persuaded guerrero to join his forces in support of the new conservative manifestation of the independence movement .
she assumes a manifestation of majestic might only to restore the process of creation from the terrible asuras or evil incarnates .
furthermore , the end of the process , hidden from our narrow view , of a divine existence on earth , may carry within it the justification for the hard conditions of its gradual manifestation in time .
this is the manifestation of the highest wisdom .
the treaty also reinstated the bourbon monarchy in france , in the manifestation of louis xviii .
the concept of the tree of life appears in the writings of the baha'i faith , where it can refer to the manifestation of god , a great teacher who appears to humanity from age to age .
in this sense the lower hill with the temple mount is of course the daughter of zion as a geographical or ' earthly ' manifestation of spiritual reality , as well as the lively and alive place of the human congregation .
anti - spiral is both the leader and collective mental manifestation of the , a mysterious group of beings that long ago realized the danger of spiral nemesis and found the means to ceased their own evolution by purging themselves of spiral power , trapped in a state of supended animation as their collective conscious took form to purge the universe of all spiral life .
with the assistance of mulder and scully , skinner is able to prove his innocence and ultimately kill the culprits after an apparent supernatural mediation with an ethereal manifestation that has occupied his dreams since a near death experience in vietnam .
as a result , the organizers decided that the manifestation will take place every two years from now on in bobo .
then balak took balaam to the summit of pisgah , once offered a bull and a ram on each of seven altars , and once again balaam asked balak to wait while balaam went off alone to seek a manifestation , and once again god told him what to say .
culture is the phenomenological singular manifestation of a single society .
of the three major types of society , it was the authoritarian , and its extreme manifestation in totalitarian society , which has become the heart of shlapentokh ’s research and writing .
like all behavioral traits it exists in greater or lesser manifestation in each individual person over time , but may be a more significant " compensatory behavior " for some as opposed to others .
the first confirmed archeological manifestation of the several historically documented shawnee villages in maryland .
another side of the teaching is that it is mentioned that the protector ( dorje shugden ) is an arya bodhisattva , a manifestation of manjushri .
calvary chapel does not teach that the outward manifestation of every christian counts as speaking in tongues .
the merit field ( " tshogs zhing " , that is the source of all the accumulation of merit , designates the manifestation of the three jewels ( buddha , dharma , sangha ) and of the three roots ( guru , deva , dakini ) visualised by the practitioner .
also a manifestation of regenerating movement exists which is spontaneously induced by the body and which is simply called katsugen .
this outburst resulted in the manifestation of the digi - egg of sincerity , which yolei used to armor digivolve hawkmon to shurimon , who freed digitamamon from the spiral .
therefore , science was not a human invention , but a human revelation which needed to be apprehended ; discovery meant apprehension ; it was the result or manifestation of the cosmic order in which all truth were ultimately harmonious .
given that throughout the series amarao is constantly trying to impress haruko , who rides a vespa , one could conclude his ownership of a scooter is a further manifestation of his attempts to impress her — or at the very least a signal to the level at which haruko influenced him in his youth .
it is the clinical manifestation resulting from occlusion of the posterior inferior cerebellar artery ( pica ) or one of its branches or of the vertebral artery , in which the lateral part of the medulla oblongata infarcts , resulting in a typical pattern .
in her 1997 book " hystories : hysterical epidemics and modern culture , " literary critic and feminist elaine showalter argues that chronic fatigue syndrome is a " hysterical narrative , " a modern manifestation of hysteria , a self perpetuating " cultural symptom of anxiety and stress " historically assigned to women .
it turned out that the bear was neither a manifestation of her powers nor the professor 's mental control .
the manifestation of this infrastructure will be an operational “ virtual observatory ”
in the last few years , the art manifestation " small monmartre of bitola " that is organized by the art studio " kiril and metodij " has turned into a successful children 's art festival .
rhinophyma is the late stage manifestation of a skin condition known as rosacea , where the skin is infected with acne roseacea .
the library , built in 1933–35 is considered one of the first manifestation of " regional modernism " .
more than any other manifestation of their cultural values , islam is regarded as the one feature that most strongly differentiates them in terms of identity from the majority of the german population .
child abuse by neglect can be a manifestation of learned helplessness : when parents believe they are incapable of stopping an infant 's crying , they may simply give up trying to do anything for the child .
jesus ' baptism is commemorated in the eastern orthodox churches at the feast of theophany ( literally " manifestation of god " ) on january 6 ( for those orthodox christians who use the julian calendar , january 6 falls on the gregorian calendar date of january 19 ) .
psychologists , on the other hand , tend to see this practice as a manifestation of the cardillac syndrome ( http://www.jf-de/archiv00/350yy40.htm ) .
( direct manifestation of the deity ) .
because parallax is a manifestation of fear , and yellow , none of the other green lanterns , including hal , could harm parallax and , therefore , came under his control .
as is the case with all of the manifestation gifts , in light of 1 corinthians 13 , the expectation in the community of faith is that the word of wisdom be exercised out of a heart of love .
ervin laszlo in his books " science and the akashic field " and " science and the reenchantment of the cosmos " brings the latest new science of the akashic field and its function as the source of all manifestation and interconnectedness , flowing out and in via the vacuum field or zero - point energy , which he equates with akasha — cosmic mind , universal consciousness , and the field that unifies all things .
wernicke - korsakoff syndrome ( also called wet brain , korsakoff psychosis , alcoholic encephalopathy , wernicke 's disease , and encephalopathy - alcoholic ) is a manifestation of thiamine ( vitamin b1 ) deficiency , or beriberi .
the regional beach music and carolina shag trends that originated in the areas around north and south carolina in the late 1950s were , at least partly , a manifestation of blue - eyed soul .
the simpler seokgatap located to the left of the court represents buddha 's manifestation in a transcendent calm .
the principal division in scots law is that between public law involving the state in some manifestation , and private law where only private persons are involved .
he is best known for his work " religion in essence and manifestation : a study in phenomenology " , an application of philosophical phenomenology to religion .
the 1898 article by émile zola is widely marked in france as the most prominent manifestation of the new power of the intellectuals ( writers , artists , academicians ) in shaping public opinion , the media and the state .
the most common manifestation in the esophagus is reflux esophagitis , which may be complicated by peptic stricturing , or benign narrowing of the esophagus .
keel suggests that mibs are a modern - day manifestation of the same phenomena that were earlier interpreted as the devil or encounters with fairies .
after the demise of apartheid and the manifestation of the new political dispensation , sandton became part of the city of johannesburg metropolitan municipality following new demarcations put forward by the government , and it no longer has a separate municipal government .
the multiplicity of terms used is a manifestation of the plurality of opinions and approaches taken by international actors , be they governments , ngos or other third parties .
usage of the term is often taken to be an insulting manifestation of the famous " new yorker " magazine 's view of the world .
thus the absolute first creates the divine person , " aham " , and from this divine person will appear the manifestation itself .
another factor was the special effects , which appeared to make the manifestation of the holy stigmata border on demonic possession .
these great beings are also threefold in manifestation , like the supreme being .
the ancients visualised nataraja as a manifestation of the cosmic energy symbolising the three aspects of creation , preservation and destruction .
alice encounters him twice during her adventure , once inside the manifestation of her former home in the land of fire and brimstone , wherein the jabberwock verbally torments alice , placing her at blame for the fire and the death of her family .
as in the five books of maitreya and consciousness - only thought , the concept of “ manifestation ” ( явление ) is an essential one in agni yoga , variants of the word appearing well over 1,000 times in " infinity " i alone .
chidambaram is one of the panchabootha sthalas , where the lord is worshiped in his manifestation as sky or aagayam ( " pancha " – meaning five , " bootha " – meaning the elements : earth , water , fire , wind and space and " sthala " meaning location ) .
jains do not believe in the concept of a godhead responsible for the manifestation of the creation .
yet the conflict raging in the monorhan system is merely a surface manifestation of more serious turmoil ; the true struggle is rooted in the universe 's very foundation .
price recorded that during his experiments various phenomena were observed ; including the movement of objects placed around the room and the apparent manifestation of mysterious hands and weeners .
it is an important part of the " praxe académica " ( student praxis ) in coimbra , followed by the city population as an ancient cultural manifestation and local tradition , and is also a tourist attraction for a number of visitors every year .
" a land reform , with the passage of the land which is at the moment expropriated only on principle [ - a reference to the 1917 promise for a land reform ] into the effective and immediate ownership of villagers through the means of communes ; an electoral reform , through universal suffrage , direct election , secret ballot , and compulsory voting , with representation given to ethnic minorities , since the latter would not hinder the free manifestation of political individualities ; administrative decentralization . "
in particular , we will not make public declarations nor exercise any type of influence inconsistent with articles 5 ; 373 and 373 [ sic : 374 ? ] of the constitution of the republic of honduras , and we reject energetically every manifestation contrary to the spirit of said articles and of the special law that regulates the referendum and the plebiscite .
the introduction of the published english translation lists some of these topics , some of which are : " rejection of the prophets of the past , " " danger of a literal reading of scripture , " " the meaning of the signs and portents of the bible concerning the advent of the new manifestation , " " the continuity of divine revelation , " " intimations of bahá'u'lláh 's approaching declaration , " and the significance or meanings of terms such as " day of judgement " and " the resurrection . " the tablet ( as bahá'u'lláh 's works are often called ) was written during his time in baghdad ( 1853 - 1863 ) in arabic , and was only recently translated into english , being published in 2002 .
on 4 january 1959 , a prohibited political manifestation organised in léopoldville by abako got out of hand .
epiphany ( from koine greek ( ἡ ) ἐπιφάνεια , " epiphaneia " " appearance " , " manifestation " ) is a christian feast day that celebrates the revelation of god in human form in the person of jesus christ .
in nuwaubu , the all ( ba kuluwm ) is the concept of the infinite , formlessness that exist , before physical manifestation .
the rape of ganymede is mazza 's best - known painting , and depicts the legendary account of an eagle ( either the aetos dios or a manifestation of zeus himself ) kidnapping the handsome ganymede and taking him to mount olympus to serve as both zeus ' lover and as cupbearer to the gods .
unlike septina , sal has never had any manifestation of numerical powers , but he feels this is because he has never needed them .
syringomycins are virulence determinants which means that their secretion is required for the manifestation of disease symptoms on a number of stone fruit crop plants .
wendt believed nature was a manifestation of god , and he viewed himself as nature 's faithful interpreter .
jean continued to appear as a mainstay character in both " x - men " and " uncanny x - men " including franchise - wide crossovers like " the phalanx covenant " and the line - wide crossover " onslaught " , which featured the manifestation of charles xavier 's dark half .
the hierarchy of knowledge is the idea that the basic fields of the sciences and mathematics can be organized linearly from its most basic pure form to its most derivative manifestation , at least as a convenience of discussion .
it is in christ alone that we shall fully apprehend the manifestation of god himself through the word , and his communication to mankind through the spirit . "
the drier , chastened , less dramatic and coloristic , later stages of 18th century baroque architectural style are often seen as a separate late baroque manifestation .
the deputy chief of the youth wing , khairy jamaluddin , insisted that " while there is nothing extraordinary about this year ’s congress and that similar sentiments have been raised in the past , these feelings have never compromised the ultimate manifestation of governance in this country through bn ’s power - sharing formula . "
perhaps the most obvious stylistic manifestation of modernism in opera is the development of atonality .
he further stated that " judgment day " alludes to the time a new manifestation of god comes , and his acceptance or rejection by the earth 's inhabitants .
leangle 's manifestation was the result of the collaborating consciousness of tiger undead and the pacifist tarantula undead usurping control from the spider undead . '
" the feeling on the part of some that the blind are incompetent to perform jury service is simply one more manifestation of the ancient stereotype which regards blindness as helplessness .
moratti and her entourage were booed out of the manifestation , in spite of having received a formal invitation from a representative from the three greater workers ' unions .
this is the only reliable manifestation of polyembryony in the class mammalia , and only exists within the genus " dasypus " and not in all armadillos , as is commonly believed .
in his early writings he took on the title of the báb , meaning " gate " , after a shi'a religious concept that explained he was only a , ' door ' , or ' gate ' , for a soon to come manifestation of god , or prophet .
additionally , the ambiguity of whether every manifestation is the result of deception or not may be part of the enjoyment that a theatrical seance provides .
some argue that shorter male life expectancy is merely another manifestation of the general rule , seen in all mammal species , that larger individuals tend on average to have shorter lives ..
in conclusion to the band 's overall sound and vision , the members of the band have cited many times , that they were simply a manifestation of their environment and lifestyles — mounting from their geographic location of southern california .
maurice merleau - ponty and , through him , the phenomenology of edmund husserl played an essential part in the formulation of bourdieu 's focus on the body , action , and practical dispositions ( which found their primary manifestation in bourdieu 's theory of " habitus " ) .
his in - depth explorations of morality were later used in his work writing " the spectre " , a dc comics series about the manifestation of the wrath of god .
the movement gathered pace after a 1981 manifestation against the nuclear arms race in amsterdam attracted an unexpected 400,000 demonstrators .
the rivalry is considered to be a sporting manifestation of the established rivalry between the counties of yorkshire and lancashire , which can be traced back to the wars of the roses , a series of civil wars fought between the house of york and the house of lancaster for the throne of england during the 1400s .
idh also holds that ufos are a modern manifestation of a phenomenon that has occurred throughout recorded human history , which in prior ages were ascribed to mythological or supernatural creatures .
these transitional beings would appear prior to that of the full supramental being , and would constitute an intermediate stage in the earth evolution , through which the soul would pass in its growth towards its divine manifestation as the supramental being in the earth nature .
in a second manifestation of the dkr method , both enantiomers of a racemic pair form a prochiral intermediate or a meso compound .
it is highly unlikely that wtc in the second language ( l2 ) is a simple manifestation of wtc in the l1 ” ( p. 546 ) .
it is unclear whether this manifestation is visible to all .
nyu is innocent and incapable of violent acts , a foil to the normally cold and sadistic lucy ; she is the manifestation of her " good side " .
perhaps the most obvious manifestation of mmm , stunting is defined as height and or weight below the standard range for a particular age group .
bucs is the latest manifestation of an association for the promotion of inter - university sport .
they organize festivals of theater groups , festivals of czech children song , " naše jaro "- festival of schoolchildren cultural activities , " vanočka"- festival of younger folkdance groups and biennal manifestation " dožinky " in daruvar celebrating end of harvest works .
be it as a manifestation of god or simply as a legendary hero of myths and folktales , rama is an immensely revered and inspirational figure to people across the indian subcontinent and south east asia , as well as increasingly across western civilization , where the hindu epics and values are gaining recognition and popularity .
domestic containment was the domestic manifestation of the foreign policy of containment , articulated in 1947 by foreign service officer george f. kennan .
the neural manifestation of lupus is known as neuro psychiatric systematic lupus erythematosus ( npsle ) .
the two hit hypothesis ( aka knudson hypothesis ) is often used to explain the manifestation of polycystic kidney disease later in life even though the mutation is present at birth .
in essence bahá'u'lláh explains that the manifestation of god is a " living temple " and every time that bahá'u'lláh addresses the haykal he shows a new facet of god 's revelation .
the physical manifestation of the work became computerized : sound recordings , and the decisions the editors made in assembling them , were now digitized , and could be versioned , done , undone , and archived instantly and compactly .
on independence day prajamandal took out a militant manifestation in agartala .
yor are the manifestation of the " mantra " " .
as described by " scrappy " the kangaroo ( a manifestation of a trickster ) , after the world was made , there was a big space in an ocean with nothing in it , so another creator added on another continent .
however , beyond the physical manifestation of a design of a structure or system ( for example , a building ) , there are other dimensions to consider such as the money , time , and other resources that were invested in the creation of the building .
the qualities of both culture hero and deep sentiment are expressed in the persona of votan zapata , a legendary manifestation of the spirit of emiliano zapata honored by members of the zapatista army of national liberation ( ezln ) . "
writing to his close friend and fellow arts club member herbert read in 1918 , kramer stated that when he looked at an object he saw both its physical appearance and its spiritual manifestation .
when an individual who has been sanctified by the grace of the holy spirit falls asleep in the lord , god may or may not choose to glorify the individual through the manifestation of miracles .
his mother was khatun - e razbar , who is considered the manifestation of one the seven archangles .
its modern manifestation was invented by sir charles parsons in 1884 .
accordingly , this manifestation of the " novum organon " created disturbances of the soul and caused mental illness .
the first public manifestation of the movement was at the funeral of francesco fortugno on october 19 , 2005 , with a banner " and now kill us all . "
each soul reaper possesses a zanpakutō , a sword that doubles as both a weapon and a physical manifestation of the owner 's soul .
however , it is now known that only around 10% of a dose of pcp is removed by the kidneys , which would make increased urinary clearance of little consequence ; furthermore , urinary acidification is dangerous , as it may induce acidosis and worsen rhabdomyolysis ( muscle breakdown ) , which is not an unusual manifestation of pcp toxicity .
" to disembark " functions in both works to evoke the recognition that african americans are still coping with the remnants of slavery and its ongoing manifestation in racism .
wall or rock painting for commercial advertising is another manifestation of an ancient advertising form , which is present to this day in many parts of asia , africa , and south america .
bahá'ís believe bahá'u'lláh to be a manifestation of god , a messenger on par with muhammad .
this is a manifestation of the iron and sulfur compounds in the egg .
this procedure does not however typify all work described as narratological today ; percy lubbock 's work in point of view ( " the craft of fiction " , 1921 ) , is a case in point . jonathan culler ( 2001 ) describes narratology as comprising many strands ' implicitly united in the recognition that narrative theory requires a distinction between " story , " a sequence of actions or events conceived as independent of their manifestation in discourse , and " discourse , " the discursive presentation or narration of events . '
manifestation of liquidity risk is very different from a drop of price to zero .
it should also be noted that the christian media association act inc. did " not " proscribe any art medium or manifestation of spirituality and , indeed , the inaugural competition contained works of painting , sculpture , installation , and weaving , depicting motifs clearly incorporating from christianity , tarot , homosexuality , and the spirituality of australian aborigines .
for weber , the archetypal manifestation of this process was the bureaucracy ; a large , formal organization characterized by a hierarchical authority structure , well - established division of labor , written rules and regulations , impersonality and a concern for technical competence .
another academic critic , philip sandifer , using the psychoanalytic theories of jacques lacan , identifies the strip 's depiction of time within calvin 's real and imaginary worlds as a manifestation of the lacanian concepts of the imaginary , the real , and the symbolic .
in vaishnava , advaita and smarta traditions he is held as a manifestation of brahman .
on this release , john coltrane actually only plays on " manifestation " and " reverend king " . "
clinical manifestation .
among the mitochondrial myopathies , cpeo is the most common manifestation , estimated at two - thirds of all incidences of mitochondrial associated myopathies .
it is generally accepted that for a given pulse duration and shape , a specific transmembrane voltage threshold exists for the manifestation of the electroporation phenomenon ( from 0.5 v to 1 v ) .
tuberous sclerosis - hereditary disease with multiorgan manifestation .
in kaśmir śaivism ' has a different meaning than in ; while here it means an energy of the individual , in it refers to the fundamental energy of the manifestation .
simultaneously , the manifestation eliminates redundant or corrupt social structures and creates such social organization as will support the improvement of mankind .
the manifestation of the mother goddess took place at the mouth of the holy cave at darbar .
chokgyur lingpa was the " manifestation , " meaning the reincarnation , of king trisong deutsen 's son , prince damdzin .
species coextinction is a manifestation of the interconnectedness of organisms in complex ecosystems ... while coextinction may not be the most important cause of species extinctions , it is certainly an insidious one " .
this suggests that information seeking behavior is a manifestation not of a normal distribution curve , but a power law curve .
the education program has since been expanded to include field - trip style walking tours of greenwich village , encouraging students to examine the architectural form of greenwich village as a manifestation of its social history and context .
in their own perspective , they constitute the animating principle of the earth , and the history of the land is the manifestation of events in their own consciousness .
according to the vishnu purana , kali is a negative manifestation of vishnu who perpetually operates in this world as a cause of destruction , along with his evil extended family .
in one shaivite myth of the origin of the lingam , both vishnu and are revealed as emanations from shiva 's manifestation as a towering pillar of flame .
a professional virtual community is a manifestation of collaborative networks .
the trees are a manifestation of the axis mundi , a common mythological element where heaven and earth connect bringing the order and brilliance of the divine to earth , in this case , ilúvatar to middle - earth .
during these years , there was great wealth growth from stock market investments , and one visible manifestation of the resultant nouveau riche mentality in 1970s hong kong were sayings such as " mixing shark 's fin soup with rice " ( chinese:魚翅撈飯 ) .
instead , the bahá'í concept of the manifestation of god emphasizes simultaneously the humanity of that intermediary and the divinity in the way they show forth the will , knowledge and attributes of god ; thus they have both human and divine stations .
this phantasy is a manifestation of the death instinct , where bad feelings are directed towards both good and bad objects , leading to confusion between the two ( hinshelwood , 1989 ) .
after this first manifestation of exofleet 's power , the human resistance became more organized , now known as the " venusian resistance force " headed by james burns , whose sister lieutenant nara burns was a member and later , the leader of the able squad .
as a north american city , montreal shares many of the cultural features characteristic of the other metropolis on the continent , including representations in all traditional manifestation of high culture , a long - lasting tradition of jazz and rock music , and tentative experimentation in visual arts , theater , music , and dance .
the immediate aim of the group is to prepare the way for the manifestation of the english avatar , helgih , which is said to be a specific form of the god kalki .
it is said to be the physical manifestation of murder and violence , lusting for blood , it whispers to all that approach its shrine , promising them the chance to become all - powerful in exchange for enough blood to sate its thirst .
1 ) in my production i would have objectified my individuality , its specific character , and therefore enjoyed not only an individual manifestation of my life during the activity , but also when looking at the object i would have the individual pleasure of knowing my personality to be objective , visible to the senses and hence a power beyond all doubt .
the manifestation 's director was prof .
witnesses of this disorder are divided into family , who seek to have dorval committed , and close friends , who come to see his take on life as a manifestation of genius .
" gender role " is the public manifestation of one 's gender identity , the things that one says and that one does that gives people a basis for inferring whether one is male , female , or fits neither of those categories .
the apa report further noted that , while both genetic and environmental variables are involved in the manifestation of intelligence , the role of genetics has been shown to increase in importance with age .
on march 27 , 1696 they tried to burn the scaffold in the plaza de armas , which they saw as " an annoying manifestation of the power of the monarchy . "
one 's placement on this " ladder of life " in the spirit / matter universes is determined by one 's level of spiritual attainment - measured by awareness and manifestation of balanced love , wisdom , and power - as well as the embodying of other divine qualities .
jingchou complied , yet tuo discarded the stone and the mirror , proclaiming that he himself was actually the human manifestation of the mirror of kunlun .
a narrow escape from a runaway log was another manifestation of ' divine mercy ' .
the third truth is that through the interaction , called " yoga " , between the two substances , soul and non - soul , karmic matter flows into the soul ( " āsrava " ) , clings to it , becomes converted into karma and the fourth truth acts as a factor of bondage ( " bandha " ) , restricting the manifestation of the consciousness intrinsic to it .
the bahá'í faith consider jesus to be a manifestation of god .
while the boston tea party of 1773 is the most widely recognized manifestation of this boycott , it is important to note that for years previous to that explosive action , patriot women had been refusing to consume that very same british product as a political statement .
analytic cubism , the first clear manifestation of cubism , was followed by synthetic cubism , practised by braque , picasso , fernand léger , juan gris , albert gleizes , marcel duchamp and countless other artists into the 1920s .
this is a manifestation of mach 's principle in self - contained causal patches , if the cosmological horizon is included as " matter " , like it 's symmetric counterpart , the black hole .
when he still hesitated , he was plagued by all manner of disasters , by plague and by the manifestation of a divine wrath which became daily more grievous .
robert h sharf has written " the " nihonjinron " [ cultural exceptionalism ] polemic in suzuki 's work — the grotesque caricatures of ' east ' versus ' west'—is no doubt the most egregiously inane manifestation of his nationalist leanings " and that " one is led to suspect that suzuki 's lifelong effort to bring buddhist enlightenment to the occident had become inextricably bound to a studied contempt for the west . "
the sick slept in this church at night to wait for a manifestation of st michael ; his feast was kept there june 9 .
the trail roads stretch 15 kilometers but these trails are diminishing . owned and maintained by dewan bandaraya kuala lumpur , many segments of kiara 's lush greenery have been compromised for development , mostly attributed to the manifestation of vision 2020 .
his most recent artistic manifestation is the identity series which he began in spain in 2002 .
however , whereas ogion 's stance of ' being ' is shown in the first book as a manifestation of his strength and wisdom , in " tehanu " ged is reduced to a somewhat foolish , even pitiful character .
chronic manifestation of factitious disorder is often called münchausen syndrome , after a book about the exaggerated accounts of the adventures of baron münchhausen , a german cavalry officer in the russian army , that was written by rudolf erich raspe .
adolf waas ( 1956 ) saw the children 's crusade as a manifestation of chivalric piety and as a protest against the glorification of the holy war .
( its most controversial recent manifestation was the reigns of pope pius xi and pope pius xii ; the church opposed the nazi government , most notably in the encyclical mit brennender sorge , and was persecuted for it , but never advocated the assassination of hitler or released his catholic subjects from their allegiance to him along the lines of " regnans in excelsis " . )
another manifestation of this changing social landscape was the rise of mass discontent , including the radical student movement , both in the united states - where it was driven mainly by opposition to the vietnam war , and in europe .
the right to public participation may also be conceived of as human right , or as manifestation of the right to freedom of association and freedom of assembly .
as the first coordinator of the newly founded crafts research department of the national centre for the performing arts ( ncpa ) , bombay during 1994 - 1995 , adajania organised a cycle of symposia and workshops that explored the tension between contemporary art emerging from an urban milieu and the present - day manifestation of the traditional crafts .
he found that the upanishads accorded with his own philosophy , which taught that the individual is a manifestation of the one basis of reality .
the children of this manifestation of oshun are said to be very nervous people .
where it is popular , the polka is a manifestation of the culture of those who participate in it .
in his original manifestation as nilamadhaba , he was worshipped in a sacred nyagrodha briksha or banyan tree .
although the group is technically in - game and fictitious , by allowing participants within the game to contribute via their art , " secret meetings , " and similarly underground ( though staged ) activities , air could also be considered a real group , composed of participants of the game and a manifestation of the political awareness that the " year zero " game promotes .
