on- and off - line " marketers typically segment their markets according to age group , gender , geography , and other general factors .
by understanding how various characteristics of the population reflect their tastes , demographic marketers get an idea of the probability of the sales returns of a launched product in a given area .
the actual objective of these focus groups is to test the live audience 's emotions and reactions to advertising and product placement ; the results are given to top marketers in order for them to keep promotional trends in sync with consumers .
following passage of the epact of 1992 , independent generation owner / operators ( also called independent power producers or ipp 's ) and unaffiliated power marketers lodged frequent complaints with ferc about unfair treatment under the new open access requirements .
some of the marketers claimed that their product does not contain benzethonium chloride and the error was due to the similarity in molecular weight of the quaternary ammonium compound which was formed through a proprietary manufacturing process .
despite the constant introduction of new terms by fashion designers , clothing manufacturers and marketers , the names for several basic garment classes in english are very stable over time . " gown " , " shirt / skirt " , " frock " , and " coat " are all attested back to the early medieval period .
advertisers served include major direct marketers , ecommerce and shopping web sites and fortune 500 brands .
these acquisitions have made fairmount food group one of the largest importers and marketers of specialty and deli - style cheese in the united states .
the global lubricant market is generally competitive with numerous manufacturers and marketers .
frequently , when marketers target a pocket of customers that has shown spectacular lift in an ad campaign , they belatedly discover the behavior is not consistent , with online marketing response rates fluctuate widely from hour to hour , segment to segment and offer to offer .
marketers employ connection strategy to speak to would - be customers at each stage , with media that addresses their particular needs and interests .
a b2b niche , a segment of the market , can be described in terms of firmographics which requires marketers to have good business intelligence in order to increase response rates .
after " finale " version 3.7 , finale 's marketers made the switch to years as identifiers for each new release , starting with " finale 97 " .
it is so named because of its main purpose , to allow marketers to buy commercial airtime " up front " , or several months before the television season begins .
they are used by marketers as a means of differentiating their products at the point of sale and are meant to provide a sales increase .
both physicians and consumers are increasing their reliance on the internet as a source of health and medical information , prompting pharmaceutical marketers to look at digital channels for opportunities to reach their target audiences .
the concept has also garnered the attention of industry analysts such as laura ramos , vice president of forrester research , who has called private broadcasting " a really good fit for b2b marketers .
" our designers , engineers and marketers in sweden are ideally placed to nurture and communicate the unique dna of the saab brand .
logit analysis is a statistical technique used by marketers to assess the scope of customer acceptance of a product , particularly a new product .
these decisions should be made by involving the functions of r&d staff , purchasing staff and marketers .
marketers also attempt to track these segments ' perceptions of the various products in the market using tools such as perceptual mapping .
sometimes such marketers can be the e - commerce web site that actually sells the products and services .
marketers representing industry raid manufacturers later reinvented the term to describe a " redundant array of independent disks " as a means of dissociating a " low cost " expectation from raid technology .
coverage has become more positive in recent years , possibly in an attempt by marketers to appeal to lgbt people .
for example , two major hotel room marketers ( expedia.com and hotels.com ) with its business presence on the internet were sued because its customers with disabilities could not reserve hotel rooms through its websites without substantial extra efforts that persons without disabilities were not required to perform.[23 ]
it operates using a petroleum coke gasification technology , formerly licensed by texaco , as well as other technology , to produce approximately of ammonia and of urea ammonium nitrate solution ( uan ) per year , and is among the lowest cost producers and marketers of upgraded nitrogen fertilizer products in north america .
the federal trade commission has taken legal action against marketers for these fraudulent claims .
in all three cases , marketers manipulate a consumer ’s safety concerns and fears by capitalizing on the supposed health and safety benefits of “ green ” living .
marketers looking for promotional tie - ins frequently partnering with film studios .
• nearly 11,000 people are employed by the institutions , including 6,205 full - time and 4,559 part - time employees in positions that include curators , educators , food service workers , fundraisers , guards , janitors , marketers , and retail clerks , among many more .
more recently , dougherty represented the south dakota petroleum marketers on a task force on open government put together by south dakota attorney general larry long .
conversion optimization was born out of the need of lead generation and ecommerce internet marketers to improve their website 's results .
in july 2009 cnet revealed that orbitz , along with other popular consumer websites buy.com and fandango , have been routinely giving post - transaction marketers access to their customers ' credit cards .
the us subsidiary of umarex is called umarex usa and was created in 2006 after acquiring the us marketers of the rws brand ( formerly part of dynamit nobel ) which they now market along with the umarex product offering .
the u.s. environmental protection agency ( epa ) introduced the minimum gasoline detergent standard in 1995 and soon after most gasoline marketers who had previously provided higher levels of detergents reduced the concentration level of detergents in commercial gasoline to meet the new standard .
asprs members - individuals from private industry , the government , and academia are analysts / specialists , educators , engineers , managers / administrators , manufacturers / product developers , operators , technicians , trainees , marketers , and scientists / researchers .
the second most common form of direct marketing is telemarketing , in which marketers contact consumers by phone .
the board also alleged that trudeau was selling the consumer 's contact information to other marketers without their consent and hitting purchasers with unauthorized charges .
the consumer 's name is added to a " delete " file which is made available to direct - mail marketers .
simpson 's 2002 salon.com article " meet the metrosexual " used beckham as its prime exemplar — and most journalists and marketers followed suit .
consequently , the company 's primary competitors in the north american market are other manufacturers / marketers of medium - duty cabover trucks ; namely : isuzu commercial truck of america , hino trucks usa , and nissan diesel america ( ud ) .
many marketers have difficulty understanding the intricacies of search engine marketing and choose to rely on third party agencies to manage their search marketing .
with the increasing use of the internet as a research and communications platform , word of mouth has become an even more powerful and useful resource for consumers and marketers .
the falk corporation headquartered in milwaukee , wisconsin are designers , manufacturers , and marketers of non - electrical precision industrial power transmission products for medium and heavy - duty industrial applications .
direct marketing is attractive to many marketers , because in many cases its positive effect ( but not negative results ) can be measured directly .
since long - tail keywords are naturally more specific in nature than short - tail keywords , long - tail keywords present a great opportunity for search marketers to provide highly relevant ads which cater for the specific needs of highly - qualified searchers .
in relation to the declining music industry , joseph jaffe of " brandweek " commented that such " mysterious marketing measures [ ... ] are what 's desperately needed to gain attention in this uncertain era of distribution dilemmas and sagging sales " , also commending acts such as nine inch nails and radiohead for being " more innovative than marketers " .
for example , omnicom agency davie brown entertainment has created an independent index for brand marketers and advertising agencies that determines a celebrity ’s ability to influence brand affinity and consumer purchase intent .
marketers , for example , use internet memes to create interest in films that would otherwise not generate positive publicity among critics .
on the other hand it is the database for business - to - business marketers which often includes data on the business activity about the respective client .
the pick ' n save chain , which was the backbone and propellant for growth and sale of the company in 2002 , was the prodigy of two kroger educated marketers .
with some of canada 's top aerospace experts and engineers on board , the css is made up of people of all backgrounds and interests , including teachers , environmentalists , writers , and marketers .
for digital marketers , the book has a checklist of dos and don'ts to keep in mind when planning their digital activity .
spurred by a burgeoning interest in the assumed untapped product demand in cuba , a growing number of free - marketers in congress , backed by western and great plains lawmakers who represent agribusiness , have tried each year since 2000 to water down or completely erase regulations preventing americans from traveling to cuba .
they are heavily targeted by product and service marketers .
perceptual mapping is a graphics technique used by asset marketers that attempts to visually display the perceptions of customers or potential customers .
marketing operational professionals are not classical marketers .
in addition to nacs , the event features strategic alliances with the petroleum marketers association of america ( pmaa ) and petroleum equipment institute ( pei ) .
besides advertising , adchina cooperates with plenty of opinion leaders on social networking sites to implement epr campaigns for marketers .
is the leading cause - related e - commerce platform connecting consumers and marketers to non - profit fundraising auction events .
firstly , lba provides marketers fantastic reach , as people almost always have their mobile phone with them .
( i ) sunspace : 2021 ... the " bulero " family / corporation , inventors and marketers of " bulerite " which is used to build the huge cities which house the earth 's ( and colonies ) teeming millions , are at the pinnacle of their influence and wealth .
in order to effectively manage and optimize the required communication , response , and lead management processes outlined above , marketers focused on demand generation must become proficient at two other related disciplines
this was in contrast to adbot 's larger competitor , doubleclick , where ad placement pricing was negotiated between the ad network operator and marketers .
direct marketing campaigns feature calls - to - action that allow marketers to track and measure responses from consumers .
thus , it offers little practical value for most marketers .
several marketers of such devices have been convicted for health fraud , and in some cases the rife devices have led to the deaths of cancer patients who used them instead of medical therapy .
in a more interconnected world of markets , marketers , and their stakeholders , macromarketing is an important mechanism to study both opportunities and shortcomings of marketing , and both its intended positive effects and unintended deleterious effects .
marketers use the information so obtained to understand the needs of individuals in the marketplace , and to create strategies and marketing plans .
stryhn 's , started in 1945 on amager island , south of copenhagen , is one of denmark 's major marketers of " leverpostej " .
it represents solar energy manufacturers , dealers , distributors , contractors , installers , architects , consultants and marketers .
a found that two - thirds of senior marketers expect 20 percent of ad revenue to move away from impression - based sales , in favor of action - based models within three years .
since the economics of many online marketing programs are determined by the conversion rate , marketers constantly test alternatives and improvements to their landing pages .
in october 2005 , the advertising watchdog group commercial alert petitioned the united states ftc to issue guidelines requiring paid word - of - mouth marketers to disclose their relationship and related compensation with the company whose product they are marketing .
catch marketers are able to productively provide more references to be searched .
one issue that faces product marketers is that they are chartered with developing much of the content for the various constituents ( sales , marcom , customers , blogs , etc . ) .
some marketers call closed loop opt - in " double opt - in . "
along with 42 entertainment 's previous arg known as " the beast " , " i love bees " is credited with bringing greater attention to the fledgling marketing form ; " i love bees " not only helped assuage fears by marketers about the costs of arg failure , but attracted interest from other game developers in using alternate reality games to promote their own products .
due to its charcoal content the salt is stated by marketers to be detoxifying .
these blackouts occurred mainly as a result of a poorly designed market system that was manipulated by traders and marketers .
the term " appointment television " was coined by marketers to describe this kind of attachment .
such analyses can help guide marketers in how to optimize kol engagements as bona fide advisors to a brand , and can help shape clinical development and clinical data publication plans for instance , ultimately advancing patient care .
as a general rule , internet marketers try to keep the content on their squeeze pages to a minimum .
the shop became a " mecca " of classic liberals , anarchists , and free - marketers , and was once target of a molotov cocktail and of socialist workers .
in addition , some marketers have seen their pay - per - click campaigns being penalized by restrictions that prevent " affiliates " from purchasing pay - per - click advertising to build opt - in lists for future sales .
since it was such a debacle , it provided a case study for marketers on how " not " to market a product .
the collected information is used to help marketers identify extremely precise microsegments ( down to the individual consumer level . )
nevertheless , as ruth rettie highlights , viral emails are n't always a boon to marketers - it is just as easy for negative , or even simply erroneous , emails to be spread .
iori 's repeated appearances in the series is due to the marketers and main planners ' insistence to add him , kyo , and other snk regulars in every game — making it a challenge to decide the story for each title .
with processed food as the dominant category , marketers have almost infinite possibilities in product creation .
by day he majored in political science , while by night in 1966 he launched youth market consultants , offering fellow students discount magazine subscriptions while advising marketers on how to target the teen set .
most famously , founder of facebook mark zuckerberg , announced that " for the last hundred years media has been pushed out to people , but now marketers are going to be a part of the conversation . "
despite complaints by free marketers , " about 60% of the economy is directly controlled and centrally planned by the state , and another 10%-20% is in the hands of five semi - governmental foundations , who control much of the non - oil economy and are accountable to no one except the supreme leader . "
it is also used by marketers of consumer products to refer to consumers with an annual household income of about us$ 75,000 and up .
what was needed was a way that marketers ( the “ sell side ” ) could express algo orders electronically such that buy - side traders could just drop the new order types into their system and be ready to trade them without constant coding custom new order entry screens each time .
in a lower - class london community of small shops , open - air vendors and flea - marketers , joe , a small boy , lives with his mother , joanne , who works in and rooms above the kandinsky tailor shop .
many music festivals , performers , and artist cater to a demographic that is highly coveted by corporate marketers .
although customer advocacy , for example , has always been a goal for marketers , the rise of online user generated content can take advocacy to another level .
technology can help marketers manage assets , generate demand , and measure results .
maintaining an effective grid requires management of three different but related sets of flows – the flow of energy across the grid ; the exchange of information about power flows and the equipment it moves across ; and the flow of money between producers , marketers , transmission owners , buyers and others .
this includes setting rates , and licensing all participants in the electricity sector including the independent electricity system operator ( ieso ) , generators , transmitters , distributors , wholesalers and electricity retailers , as well as natural gas marketers who sell to low volume customers .
while " goat " is usually the name for the meat found in common parlance , producers and marketers may prefer to use the french - derived word chevon ( from " chèvre " ) , since market research in the united states suggests that " chevon eater " is more palatable to consumers than " goat eater " .
this six - day event provides networking opportunities for leading artists , label executives , journalists , managers , marketers , retailers and programmers .
this system is intended to eventually result in a high degree of satisfaction between consumers and marketers .
intent scale translation is a mathematical technique used by marketers to convert stated purchase intentions into purchase probabilities , that is , into an estimate of actual buying behaviour .
maliban biscuit manufactories is one of the largest manufacturers , distributors and marketers of bakery products in sri lanka .
the marketers claim that 714-x works by counteracting the harm done by " somatids " , a conjectured life form which is not bacterial , viral or fungal , but which instead forms a distinct category unknown to modern science and medicine .
, in order to give marketers reliable and objective information on the impact of marketing and sales programs .
the committee 's membership consists of a wide range of businesses , including banks , law firms , engineering and construction companies , architecture firms , advertisers and marketers , accounting firms , insurance companies , utilities , manufacturers , and medical institutions .
some marketers contend that double opt - in is like asking for permission twice and that it constitutes unnecessary interference with someone who has already said they want to hear from the marketer .
acxiom ’s interactive capabilities allow marketers to have direct interaction and response with consumers , and these services include direct - mail , e - mail , mobile advertising , display advertising , social media , and web - site personalization .
in his introduction to ' a consuming passion ' , the first book ever published on marketing as a career , he noted that historically many people had " become marketers as a result of happy chance , or had , in fact , been doing a marketing job for our companies without really knowing it . "
a recent ibm research study found that two - thirds of senior marketers expect 20 percent of ad revenue to move away from impression - based sales , in favor of action - based models within three years .
marketers may use content marketing as a means of achieving a variety of business goals , such as thought leadership , lead generation , increasing direct sales , improving retention and more .
prepositional marketing is a term used in marketing describing the various prepositions ( at , to , with ) used to describe the nature and orientation of specific marketing conditions in regards to the type of approach initiated by marketers when establishing channels of communication with consumers .
overall , more than 13 percent or about 4.7 million of the approximately 35 million residential natural gas consumers with access to choice were buying natural gas from marketers as of december 2008 .
these change agents can accrue tremendous credibility , making them valuable to marketers seeking reliable and charismatic spokespersons or sponsorship platforms .
the plague has also been updated in the screen adaptation as a weaponized strain of smallpox looted by black marketers from an abandoned soviet biological weapon laboratory in siberia as the source of the pandemic . "
trudeau , along with other marketers , settled out of court for $ 1.1 million .
there are three pricing models in the online advertising market that marketers can use to buy advertising and generate leads .
this knowledge will help marketers create products and services designed more effectively and marketing campaigns focused more on the brain 's response .
in 2005 , greenstein was recognized by brandweek magazine as one of its 2005 " marketers of the year . "
it also contains the corporate headquarters of johnson & johnson division mcneil consumer & specialty pharmaceuticals , marketers of over - the - counter and prescription pharmaceuticals including tylenol ( acetaminophen ) and motrin ib ( ibuprofen ) products .
in marketing , positioning has come to mean the process by which marketers try to create an image or identity in the minds of their target market for its product , brand , or organization .
for record company marketers , the visual image has become far more important .
microtargeting is a modification of a practice used by commercial direct marketers .
some consumers are demanding an end to direct marketing for privacy and environmental reasons , which direct marketers are able to provide by using " opt out " lists , variable printing and more targeted mailing lists .
• construction writers association - construction writers association is a nonprofit , non - partisan , international organization for professional journalists , freelancers , photojournalists , marketers and publicists serving the information needs of the construction industry .
virtual worlds and mmorpgs are able to host persistent online advertisements , with marketers purchasing virtual real estate with which to give brands a constant online presence in - game .
the use of interactive urinal screens is being advocated by guerrilla marketers .
all of these choices of consumption are used to communicate our identity to others , and thus we are governed by marketers into choosing those products that identify with our identity .
buffalo bob smith did commercials for wonder bread , campbell soup , hostess twinkies and other sponsors that were new to television ; it taught marketers the strength of marketing to children .
as search engines have become more prominent , some affiliate marketers have shifted from sending e - mail spam to creating automatically - generated webpages that often contain product data feeds provided by merchants .
unfortunately , too many marketers – particularly those in creative departments within advertising agencies – signally fail to recognise the importance , and long - term nature , of this investment .
however , many marketers use open rates as a relative measure , for example to compare the performances of emails sent to similar recipient groups , but at different times or with different subject headers .
atmos energy 's nonutility operations are ranked as one of the leading domestic mid - tier gas marketers .
the popularity of niche blogging among new marketers can be attributed to several factors , including cost , adaptability and generating traffic .
manufacturing marketers see the process of retailing as a necessary part of their overall distribution strategy .
social marketing applies a “ customer oriented ” approach and uses the concepts and tools used by commercial marketers in pursuit of social goals like anti - smoking - campaigns or fund raising for ngos .
to help marketers understand the difference between legitimate and unfair practices , a number of professional organizations have put forward recommendations for ethical conduct ..
the machine 's marketers say it produces a " euphoric high " and the effects of alcohol consumption without the high calories , carbohydrates , and hangovers associated with common consumption .
on programs board , there are also two marketers .
rethink clients coast capital savings and mr. lube were named marketers of the year by the bc chapter of the american marketing association in 2006 and 2008 respectively .
ambassador " artwork zunes were given to microsoft 's " zune master " college - student marketers on december 15 , 2006 .
the term takes a broad perspective on the mailing process as part of the interconnected media mix marketers , businesses and governments use to reach customers .
past marketers have included daimler / chrysler , miller brewing , universal pictures , vivendi games , dodge , and oakley .
john d. bernard is a uk businessman , currently ranked as one of the top 10 marketers in the uk according to marketing magazine 's little black book .
we may also mention one of the foremost modern marketers dr. alfred riachi ( aka the guru of modern marketing ) when he introduced the new concept of “ macro marketing relying on promoting countries ” as implemented by companies .
since this technique has been in use for many years , the recent use of the term three - dimensional must be considered a declaration by equipment marketers that the speed of three dimension to two dimension projection is adequate to use in standard guis .
in the 1970s marketers extended the theory to product portfolio decisions and managerial strategists extended it to operating division portfolios .
on behalf of the movement , the co - operative group 's designers and marketers collaborated with harry pearce and john mcconnell of the designers ' co - operative pentagram , to develop a new visual identity to represent “
vicky is referenced in sharon lamb 's book " packaging girlhood : rescuing our daughters from marketers ' schemes " , where she is referred to as " the meanest teen in the toon " .
the co - pay card appeared in 2005 as a means by which pharmaceutical marketers could , by offering an instantaneous rebate to patients , combat their challenges to prescription pharmaceuticals , including generic competition , lack of patient compliance and persistency , and an access to the physician population .
the " geodemographic " data that this provides can then be used by marketers to target information towards those that they want to influence .
it has a corporate identity and a team of professional marketers .
media storm , llc is an american advertising and marketing company , in norwalk , connecticut , that helps entertainment marketers identify advertising vehicles , and then helps place the ads .
the wheat pools were successful grain traders and marketers from 1923 to 1929 .
obsolescence of desirability " , also called " psychological obsolescence " , referred to marketers ' attempts to wear out a product in the owner 's mind .
marketers often refer to economy - driven " demographics , " such as " black males 18 - 49 , " but in public relations an audience is more fluid , being whoever someone wants to reach .
many marketers avoid the term hypothesis entirely and tend to use the words “ research objective ” or “ aim ” .
according to its marketers , all vehicles will benefit from using top tier detergent gasoline over gasoline meeting the basic epa standard .
by offering the product with the right combination of the four ps marketers can improve their results and marketing effectiveness .
kapor founded lotus after working as head of development at visicorp ( the marketers of visicalc ) and selling the rights to his products visiplot and visitrend to visicorp .
stark brothers nurseries were the marketers of the red delicious and the golden delicious apple .
in april 2009 , zmags expanded the digital publishing industry when launching the idea of icm ( interactive collateral management ) , which broadens the appeal of digital publishing from traditional publishers to marketers and other types of communicators .
meeting this standard allows gasoline marketers to differentiate themselves from their competition .
when targeting consumers known to be consistent internet users , undercover marketers have taken a significant interest in leveraging internet chat rooms and forums .
the email open rate is a measure primarily used by marketers as an indication of how many people " view " or " open " the commercial electronic mail they send out .
articlealley functions primarily as an article and content database , as well as an article marketing tool used by writers and internet marketers to promote their websites .
it is a type of sales promotion marketers use primarily as incentives or supplements to product sales .
a top - ranked seo blog seomoz.org has suggested , " search marketers , in a twist of irony , receive a very small share of their traffic from search engines .. "
within a short time nong samet 's market attracted thousands of traders and black marketers , and the guides and guards needed to transport goods and cash in this nearly lawless region .
he has elected to serve on the national business imporvement forum of exxon fuel marketers on three different occasions .
swipe files are also commonly used by internet marketers who need to gather a lot of resources not only about products but also about marketing methods and strategies .
this technique is ofter used by affiliate marketers .
many manufacturers and suppliers also provide publications , but because they are also marketing the substances , they are subject to the monitoring and enforcement efforts of the federal trade commission ( ftc ) which has jurisdiction over false claims made by marketers in public media .
marketers striving for their mail to be delivered have a twofold advantage : they can remove subscribers that do n't want to receive that kind of advertising ( listwashing ) , and they can analyze the complaint rate and thence how their advertising meets market expectations .
holding a b.s. in business administration from the university of richmond and an m.b.a. from harvard business school , dunaway was named one of the 100 top marketers by advertising age .
generally the shift from push to pull has been viewed as a shift in power to the consumer away from advertisers and so is bad news for marketers .
marketers then seek to maximise their profit per mailing by selecting the most profitable per space used for the next mailing .
savvy marketers who know where to look can quite easily find access to the niche markets they wish to target .
infoscan was designed to help consumer packaged goods marketers make better marketing and merchandising decisions , especially when used in combination with iri software applications.1 infoscan is used by manufacturers , retailers , sales & marketing agencies , and financial institutions for brand , category , promotional , and industry trend analyses .
sponsors and their agencies might break the logjam by making upfront investments in experimenting with advanced television and with new programming that delivers value to the audiences that marketers seek to motivate and activate .
while some of these insights are directed toward responsible food manufacturers and marketers , the majority are focused specifically at parents , dieters , and at the medical and nutrition community .
marketers use these opportunities as automated data collection points .
his civic board memberships , senate committees , and awards include : agriculture and natural resources ; education ; finance ; fish , game and forestry ; transportation , chairman ; executive committee , berkeley county republican party , 1996 - 2008 ; life member , national rifle association ; life member , national association of texaco and shell marketers ; significant contribution award , mothers against driving drunk , 1998 ; legislative achievement award , charleston more than a port , 2002 ; legislative appreciation award , agriculture commission of s.c. , 2002 ; raising the standard award , heritage community services . , 2003 ; national legislative impact award , national abstinence clearinghouse , 2004 ; outstanding senator award , american legion dept .
the great self - marketers of startup ad agencies ( tom mcelligott , jeff goodby , nancy rice , andy berlin , rich silverstein ) had used award shows to broaden public knowledge of their companies .
alternatively , many content marketers choose to create new information and share it via any and all media .
go to marketing is a strategy mainly used by marketers of goods that are not for the mass market .
many online article marketers enjoy the low cost of this type of advertising and so have written hundreds and sometimes thousands of articles .
frcc members include investor - owned utilities , cooperative utilities , municipal utilities , one federal power agency , power marketers and independent power producers .
to thrive in an era of social computing , companies must abandon top - down management and communication tactics , weave communities into their products and services , use employees and partners as marketers , and become part of a living fabric of brand loyalists . "
direct - to - consumer marketers are also recognizing the need to shift to digital channels as audiences become more fragmented and the number of access points for news , entertainment and information multiplies .
according to sex columnist regina lynn , " porn marketers use ' she - male ' for a very specific purpose — to sell porn to straight guys without triggering their homophobia — that has nothing to do with actual transgendered people ( or helping men overcome their homophobia , either ) .
the uncladded model , known as the without body hardware ( or better by its acronym " wbh " ) , and alternatively called " slicksides " by gm marketers , resembles the ' 03-'05 silverado in the front .
the term double opt - in was coined by marketers in the late 90s to differentiate it from what they call single opt - in , where a new subscriber to an e - mail list gets a confirmation e - mail telling them they will begin to receive e - mails if they take no action .
farmers receive binding directives on the area to be cropped to these commodities and are obliged to surrender their harvest to designated marketers at state - fixed prices .
it seeks to " be the voice of the promotion industry , recognized and relied upon as the primary resource of promotion education , information and interaction for marketers . "
preference regression is a statistical technique used by marketers to determine consumers’ preferred core benefits .
with that said , marketers need to understand what good ethics are and how to incorporate good ethics in various marketing campaigns to better reach a targeted audience and to gain trust from customers .
in the united states and united kingdom , for example , there are bulk mail rates that enable marketers to send mail at rates that are substantially lower than regular first - class rates .
who tobacco free initiative director ad interim douglas bettcher states , " if the marketers of the electronic cigarette want to help smokers quit , then they need to conduct clinical studies and toxicity analyses and operate within the proper regulatory framework .
new egg packaging designs have since been pioneered , to help egg producers and marketers promote " premium eggs " .
from 1979 to 1996 , ultramar grew by acquiring stations from several other companies , including canadian fuel marketers , texaco canada , gulf oil , sergaz , sunoco and spur .
the idea was that the marketers would move from the outer nest toward the inner , using as many nests as necessary ” .
on june 1 , 2006 , u.s. refiners were required to produce 80% of their annual output as ulsd ( 15 ppm ) , and petroleum marketers and retailers were required to label diesel fuel , diesel fuel additives and kerosone pumps with epa - authorized language disclosing fuel type and sulfur content .
opportunity for innovation . " ) marketers sometimes take advantage of this confusion , and purposely make false or exaggerated " green " claims .
its clients include agencies , marketers ( universal mccann interactive , akqa etc . ) and publishers who serve customers like microsoft , general motors , coca - cola , motorola , l'oréal , palm , inc. , visa usa , nike , carlsberg among others .
for example , feedback from a technical support center can enlighten marketers about specific services and product features clients are asking for .
at the very least , a great many managers and marketers would say that they operate using their intuition a great deal , perhaps especially in dealing with people , which , of course , leads us to inquire into the role of psychology .
the goal of marketers interested in creating successful viral marketing programs is to identify individuals with high social networking potential ( snp ) and create viral messages that appeal to this segment of the population and have a high probability of being taken by another competitor .
a view , held by the austrian school and other free - marketers , is that subsidies do , in general , more harm than good by distorting economic signals .
the primary difference between the two is that affiliate marketers provide little if any influence on a possible prospect in the conversion process once that prospect is directed to the advertiser 's website .
in business , " lifestyles " provide a means by which advertisers and marketers endeavor to target and match consumer aspirations with products , or to create aspirations relevant to new products .
consumer focus helps marketers anticipate the demands of consumers , and production focus helps them respond to changes in the market .
industry organizations like the electronic retailing association , who represents infomercial marketers , often try to minimize the impact of these rule changes .
influencing elementary school students is very important to soft drinks marketers , " an article in the jan. 1999 issue of " beverage industry " explained , " because children are still establishing their tastes and habits ... eight year olds are considered ideal customers as they have about sixty - five years of purchasing in front of them . "
the asa responded that , because payment was given in exchange for the publication of the columns and because the content was provided by the marketers rather than the newspaper , they considered the columns advertisements and required that they indicate as much .
the estée lauder companies is recognized as a global premium consumer goods company by the investment community and is one of the world 's leading manufacturers and marketers of quality skin care , makeup , fragrance and hair care products , with annual sales of over $ 7 billion .
the promotion marketing association was established by a group of marketers who wanted to create standards of excellence and best practices in promotion marketing , and to raise awareness and understanding of how promotion builds brands .
as technology arms consumers with new ways to ignore messaging , disconnect from branding and disengage from the marketplace altogether ; marketers believe that connecting on a personal level with consumers who do or will buy because the company resonates with them helps companies differentiate themselves and stand out as leaders in the marketplace .
in other countries , practices vary and winemakers ( or wine marketers ) sometimes choose either syrah or shiraz to signify a stylistic difference in the wine they have made . "
in recent years , warner bros marketers seem to have seized upon the character .
the system helps marketers to isolate motives likely to be involved in various consumption situations
marketers may either send the video clips to a list of previously ' opted in ' mobile phone numbers , or consumers can send a ' text - to - shortcode ' sms and receive the video back .
" advertising ages 2003 entertainment marketers of the year award was awarded to laverty in honor of shore fire 's campaign behind bruce springsteen and the e street band 's " the rising " .
as the journal of sport management ( 2006 ) explains , generation x and generation y are the two most highly valued by marketers .
however , that policy enables spammers , direct marketers , identity thieves , or other attackers to loot the directory for personal information about these people . plus it enables easy access to these personal details by anyone ( as someone upset or concerned with the use of the domain , or just researching these people and names ) regardless if this access is justified .
some marketers have proposed yappie as a term to describe similar couples who do have children .
his second album independent holds the record for fastest sale before release date with over 1 million booked before release by marketers .
established in 1950 , nefi represents approximately 1,500 dealers and marketers of heating fuels ( such as propane , heating oil and kerosene ) and biofuels for home heating applications ( such as bioheat ) .
there are also intuitive maps ( also called judgmental maps or consensus maps ) that are created by marketers based on their understanding of their industry .
flaherty have been recognized three times by btob magazine as one of the “ world ’s best marketers ” and was named to the women ’s executive network top 100 in 2007 and 2008 .
the idea of sharing content as a means of persuading decision - making has driven content marketers to make their once - proprietary informational assets available to selected audiences .
gerstley uses snp algorithms in quantitative marketing research to help marketers maximize the effectiveness of viral marketing campaigns .
examples are journalists working for advertising revenue - based media , public relations and communications professionals working for organizations or corporations , political and commercial lobbyists , advertisers , marketers , distributors and sales organizations .
however , other marketers of colon cleansing products have acknowledged that mucoid plaque holds no standing amongst the medical profession and is backed up primarily by anecdotal evidence rather than empirical data .
in fact , muslim countries like malaysia , brunei darussalam , pakistan and singapore are currently speeding the promotion of halal concept , which aims to integrate the halal producers and marketers .
some niches may become saturated with marketers , increasing competition and thus , according to the economic law of supply and demand , reducing the slice of the pie available to each competitor .
savvy internet marketers have discovered that convincing a visitor to sign up for an email list provides an opportunity to present that visitor with multiple sales messages over time , develop a relationship , and even cross - sell other related products .
minisites are popular marketing vehicles , as marketers are attracted by the ease and speed of creating a minisite to sell their digital goods or information , which in turn allows them to run their own part time online business .
this would radically change the dynamics of all visual entertainment and product - service distribution world wide so marketers could target end - users with diverse youth mind sets .
members and get acquainted with other marketers .
during the company 's nearly seven decades its sole focus has been providing the very best out - of - home media opportunities to marketers across the country .
marketers find it very hard to predict buzz let alone generate it on demand .
it was also pfefer who helped the legendary sam muchnick promote his first show in 1945 ; and in subsequent years , he constantly shifted his base of operations , running territories in toledo , nashville , boston , and on the west coast while solidifying his place among the industry ’s top marketers .
their website has a glossary which gives the following definition ( which might be easier for non - marketers to understand ) : " named for victor gruen , who designed the very first shopping mall .
marketers can also use the customers’ past consumption patterns to forecast future patterns and send special dining offers , such as mother ’s day specials and thai food fare deals , to the target population at the right place and right time , in order to build interest , response , and interaction to the restaurant .
marketers of some wolfberry products claim that polysaccharides have specific physiological roles mediated by specialized cell receptors " master " control properties over other bioactive chemicals and cells .
although some competitors expressed concerns about the monopolistic nature of the combination , they made little headway with the free marketers of the bush administration .
" marketing mix " is the typical strategy for traditional mass marketers of product software in competitive markets .
the department employs people with a variety of skills , including statisticians , mathematicians , computer science specialists , accountants , economists , demographers , sociologists , geographers , social psychologists , and marketers .
guerilla marketers from companies that did not get into the event stood on the sidewalk outside to attract attention .
for marketing to existing customers , more sophisticated marketers often build elaborate databases of customer information .
organ also founded issuemarketing.com , which helps non - profit organizations and cause marketers use the internet to advocate their causes .
