during the east york mayoralty race in 1966 she called beth nealson a " wish - washy , prissy , sweetheart " .
in an interview on 22 february 2007 , mr. norris demonstrated his continued interest in , and passion for , the mayoralty .
he also contested the wellington mayoralty .
the first session of the new city council , which was boycotted by the sdl councillors , elected rohit kumar unopposed to the mayoralty , with jesoni balewai as his deputy .
during this time , he also unsuccessfully contested the mayoralty in perth .
chlothar was induced by warnachar and rado to make the mayoralty of the palace a lifetime appointment at bonneuil - sur - marne , near paris , in 617 .
in 1386 he secured the election of his accomplice , nicholas exton , who was thus mayor at the time of the petition , so that the mayoralty was still , it urged , " tenuz par conquest et maistrie " . "
after a change in the cincinnati city charter that made the mayoralty a separately - elected office and established a " strong - mayor " form of government , luken returned to politics .
mayoralty .
during his mayoralty , meyrick park , two free libraries , and the first two schools of art in the borough were opened .
kaohsiung mayoralty .
all ceremonies surrounding the mayoralty , and all rights and privileges were to be continued .
after sabotaging jeffrey 's campaign , she won the mayoralty race only to be poisoned ( perhaps accidentally ) .
mayoralty .
taunton deane was granted borough status in 1975 , perpetuating the mayoralty of taunton .
brown announced his candidacy for the manukau mayoralty in 2006 , barry curtis announced that he would not be running for re - election , and brown 's main opposition were former olympic runner dick quax and radio personality willie jackson .
from 1986 to 1989 he was an adviser to the council of caleta olivia and from 1987 he was also adviser to the caleta olivia mayoralty .
in 2004 , he unsuccessfully contested the mayoralty of christchurch , new zealand , placing fifth out of 10 with 1.9 percent of the vote ( 1665 votes ) .
awaya took the mayoralty in july 1943 .
pepin 's appointed successor , theudoald , under his widow , plectrude , initially opposed an attempt by the king , dagobert iii , to appoint ragenfrid as mayor of the palace in all the realms , but soon there was a third candidate for the mayoralty of austrasia in pepin 's illegitimate adult son , charles martel .
after representing quebec city 's saint - roch ward as alderman since 1896 , drouin won the 1910 mayoralty contest with a 1328 vote margin over his opponent , federal politician philippe - auguste choquette .
as a result , the municipal law was changed so that the runner - up in the mayoralty contest no longer had the right to succeed to the mayor 's chair should the position become vacant between elections .
the situation was a result of mismanagement and waste in the city 's local government , particularly during the mayoralty of marion barry .
as president of the board of supervisors upon the death of mayor moscone , feinstein succeeded to the mayoralty on december 4 , 1978 .
mayoralty of rudy giuliani .
it arose from twain 's involvement in a campaign for the mayoralty of new york city .
lastman ran for the mayoralty of the new " megacity " against incumbent toronto mayor barbara hall .
" the economist " wrote , " the billionaire businessman [ bloomberg ] is usually seen as one of the post - september 11th winners ( if such a word can be so used ) : he would probably have lost the mayoralty to mark green , a leftish democrat , had the terrorist strike not happened .
mayoralty .
a member of the tribes of galway , lynch was instrumental in securing the mayoralty for galway from richard iii , his brother peirce becoming the town 's fist mayor in september 1485 .
in the late 1930s , during the mayoralty of stefan starzyński , the municipal authorities began refurbishing the old town and restoring it to its former glory .
mayoralty of gavin newsom .
the shortest mayoralty was by tommy taylor in 1911 , who died three months after being elected .
the city 's local government , particularly during the mayoralty of marion barry , was criticized for mismanagement and waste .
the akbar block ( liberal party - atienza wing ) , led by the late wahab akbar , 3-term governor and alleged abu sayyaf co - founder , together with his wives , and his nephews and nieces , all of whom have been rewarded with a mayoralty post in all the municipalities as well as the biggest electoral prize - isabela city , which is under his second wife cherrylyn santos - akbar .
the process was smooth with the significant exception of the 12th district council for cotonou , the contest that would ultimately determine who would be selected for the mayoralty of the capital city .
appointed judge advocate general by governor squire in january 1886 , struve took a prominent part in directing the militia when seattle was placed under martial law following the anti - chinese riots of february 1886 ( during the mayoralty of henry l. yesler ) .
in 2002 legislation was passed by the oireachtas whereby the lord mayoralty would become a directly elected office from 2004 .
offices of local government , such as a mayoralty , may also have term limits .
the rpr lost the mayoralty of paris in 2001 , in aid of the left .
his personality , especially during the time of his first auckland mayoralty term , has been called that of a bully , " raised by sir robert muldoon in the ways of the bear pit " .
at the same time as the legislative election , the 262 municipalities held elections with the fmln retaining the most important post , the mayoralty of san salvador , when carlos rivas zamora defeated evelyn jacir de lovo of arena .
mayoralty of the municipality of iaşi . redone by constantin crengăniş , 1995 - 1999 . "
the nfp accuses the sdl of having broken the agreement by forging a coalition in 2004 with the fiji labour party to retain the mayoralty .
the republican party has dominated the mayoralty , the city had more republican mayors than democratic mayors .
as a natural result of the course of his life , john ryle had by this time gained unbounded popularity throughout the city , and although he had heretofore never allowed his name to be used as a possible candidate for any public office , yet he succumbed to the importunities of his friends and consented in the spring of 1869 to become candidate for the mayoralty of paterson .
after him , stefan gillich , who at the time already held the mayoralty of the " verbandsgemeinde " of deidesheim , was elected .
mayoralty .
post - mayoralty years .
the magnates elevated erchinoald to his mayoralty in neustria .
mayoralty .
he was elected to the wanganui city council as a councillor in 1977 , re - elected in 1980 and stood for the mayoralty in 1983 upon the retirement of mayor ron russell .
he was defeated in a run for the saskatoon mayoralty , but nonetheless attracted the attention of the then - moribund saskatchewan progressive conservative party , and gained its leadership in 1973 .
george mcaneny was president of the board of aldermen of the city of new york ( first in succession to the mayoralty ) , 1914 - 1916 ; new york city comptroller , 1933 .
russell - cotes was offered the mayoralty in 1893 but declined it due to temporary ill health .
some unparished areas have charter trustees to maintain a historic charter , such as city status ( an example being in bath ) or simply the mayoralty of a town .
his mayoralty witnessed a determined campaign against moral offences , the wardmote inquests being required in april 1550 to make fresh presentments of ill rule , ‘ upon which indictments the lord mayor sat many times’ ( hume , 167–9 ) .
-“detroit ’s first african - american mayor , coleman young , much like his white predecessors , used city employment and city contracts to reward loyal supporters over the course of his twenty - year mayoralty ( 1974 - 1994 ) .
he was director of policy for the new york state department of health aids institute , and associate commissioner for medical and legal policy for the new york city department of health under the mayoralty of david dinkins .
it was torn down by developer david azraeli in 1973 under the mayoralty of jean drapeau to make way for what was considered by many architecture lovers to be an eyesore .
he was opposed by sam mcbride , who had also challenged church for the mayoralty in the previous election .
he was a dunedin city councillor 1944 - 47 & 1950 - 59 , and unsuccessfully contested the dunedin mayoralty in 1956 and the port chalmers parliamentary electorate in 1925 .
cermak and his rise to the mayoralty has also been mentioned in jeffrey archer 's novel " kane and abel " .
power 's mayoralty has been marked by ongoing efforts to diversify the city 's mining - based economy .
she went on to win the mayoralty in 2001 and was re - elected in 2004 and 2007 .
it is expected to take over the former borough 's mayoralty and regalia .
this decision was later reverted in december 2000 during milan bandić 's mayoralty of zagreb .
murray had won a significant majority of the votes in the charleswood and st. james communities in the previous mayoralty election but could not translate that support what was a close race against the rising popularity of the recently reunited conservative party .
after the elections , padilla lost the mayoralty race .
following an unsuccessful campaign as liberal candidate for the mayoralty of toronto in 1969 , clarkson was active in the liberal party for six years .
but his untimely death brought the vice - mayor barabag to the mayoralty seat in 2002 to finish the term up until 2004 .
he represented the provincial riding of toronto centre in the legislative assembly of ontario from 1999 to 2010 , when he resigned to contest the mayoralty of toronto in the 2010 municipal election .
she did not run again in the 2009 montreal municipal election , and union lost the mayoralty race to pierre gagnier of projet montréal .
he made a successful bid for the mayoralty in 1920 against opponent isaac ruttle .
squeegee men disappeared from city streets during giuliani 's mayoralty and have yet to reappear in significant numbers .
the remainder of his mayoralty focused on building wellington 's image as an exciting and diverse city to visit and to live in .
for instance , in 1902 , during harrington 's mayoralty , king edward vii visited dublin but harrington refused to even meet his sovereign lord , and turned down tempting offers by wyndham to support an address .
the group was founded by winnipeggers who opposed the mayoralty of sam katz .
johnson also spoke of livingstone 's " courage and the sheer exuberant nerve with which you stuck it to your enemies " and expressed a desire that the new conservative administration could " discover a way in which the mayoralty can continue to benefit from your transparent love of london " .
he was succeeded by tom laughren , the sole declared candidate for the mayoralty .
mayoralty races started to go after this group of people in future elections .
when he vacated the mayoralty , allen became the coordinator for planning and development of louisiana state university medical center in shreveport , having served in that capacity from 1979 - 1988 .
mayoralty .
in 1998 he was re - elected to the mayoralty ( and given back the mayoral car ) and has been the mayor ever since .
coming so close in the insurance commissioner 's race , williamson tried once again in politics : he contested the mayoralty of shreveport in 1982 in an effort to succeed one - term mayor william t. " bill " hanna , a fellow democrat and , like williamson 's father , an automobile dealer , but ford , rather than chevrolet .
the chamberlain memorial was erected in chamberlain square , birmingham , england on october 20 , 1880 , to commemorate joseph chamberlain 's mayoralty who was present at the inauguration ceremony .
that same year giscard suffered a humiliating defeat when he was defeated in a bid for the mayoralty of clermont - ferrand .
two years later the city received the further honour of a lord mayoralty .
in his mayoralty he exhibited clearly his republican tendency and his hatred of the old monarchy , especially on 20 june 1792 , when he allowed the mob to overrun the tuileries and insult the royal family .
in attempting to regain the mayoralty in october 2004 , she was initially overshadowed by the incumbent and by new challenger dick hubbard .
in addition , during the spring of 2010 competitions would be launched for city status , a lord mayoralty and lord provostship .
a new pedestrian bridge extends from the north quay , at mayoralty street , into the complex .
the city of bath 's ceremonial functions , including the mayoralty – which can be traced back to 1230 – and control of the coat of arms , are now maintained by the " charter trustees of the city of bath " .
mayoralty .
mayoralty .
in march 1990 , takahide ran for the yokohama mayoral election to succeed michikazu saigō , who died during his mayoralty the previous month .
he was elected once again in 1916 , mr. adshead resigned his seat on council in 1917 december to contest the mayoralty but was defeated by michael costello .
he was a member of the perth city council from 1890 to 1902 , unsuccessfully contesting the mayoralty in 1900 ; and he became a justice of the peace in 1893 .
first mayoralty .
in november 2006 laws announced he would not contest the mayoralty at the 2007 local - body elections .
the mayoralty would then have fallen to the second mayor friedrich schreck ; however , he would not have suited those now in power , as he had already twice been interned for resistance against the nsdap .
under a memorandum of understanding , the two parties agreed to hold the mayoralty for one year each .
gill appointed progressive austin griffiths — one of his opponents for the mayoralty — as police chief .
a number of new zealand newspapers speculated that catherine will run for the mayoralty of wellington in 2007 .
a proposal , in 1896 , to name a street for his father , during his mayoralty , was rejected by the council of nijmegen .
in 2009 , after a seemingly lenghty legal battle on the resolution of his election protest which affected even the residents of the city ( the comelec earlier ruled that sarmiento is the duly - elected mayor , thus nullifying roquero 's election ) , he returned to his mayoralty seat after the supreme court dismissed the petition of acting mayor reynaldo s. san pedro to stop sarmiento from assuming the seat .
toti and dodot become mates starting in 2006.upon finishing his congressional term , he filed his coc as the mayor against the incumbent mayor 's son , andal ampatuan for the 2007.together with toti , their party is partido pasigueño with the 2004 vice mayoralty candidate , briccio " echie " ramos .
in 1973 , ann arbor 's democratic / hrp governing coalition lost power , as republican james e. stephenson won the mayoralty and republicans also took control of seven of the ten council seats .
perhaps because of this determined moralism , which seems to have owed something to pressure from the protestant pulpits , and perhaps because of the coincidence of his mayoralty with a decisive turn in the english reformation , hill is often described as the first protestant lord mayor of london , but this tradition seems to date from no earlier than 1795 , when a descendant , sir rowland hill , bt , erected an obelisk to his memory in hawkstone park , shropshire .
" the economist " wrote , " the billionaire businessman [ bloomberg ] is usually seen as one of the post - september 11th winners ( if such a word can be so used ) : he would probably have lost the mayoralty to mark green , a leftish democrat , had the terrorist strike not happened .
to mark the diamond jubilee of elizabeth ii , another competition is to be launched for towns to bid for city status , including lord mayoralty or provostship , with the competition set to begin in spring 2010 .
in february 2009 a petition to recall price from the mayoralty failed to collect enough signatures prior to its deadline .
penhaligon 's widow wrote his biography in 1989 ; his son matthew is an active member of the liberal democrats who was the party 's candidate for the mayoralty of hackney in may 2006 .
he later moved to cochrane , and was elected mayor of that town in 2003 , similarly becoming one of the only canadian politicians ever to have held the mayoralty of two different municipalities .
in november 1991 , through " a stunning upset " trainer defeated incumbent edith fuller , in office since 1980 , in the town of haldimand mayoralty race .
doria resigned his senate seat and his mayoralty and assumed the commissionership on an acting basis on october 10 , 2007 .
he gives his name to the lycée hubert clément , a school in esch - sur - alzette , the construction of which was made possible by the city 's purchase of the land in 1938 , under clément 's mayoralty .
before joining abc news , hernandez was a political reporter at ny1 news where she covered the 2000 united states senate campaign of hillary clinton and the mayoralty of rudy giuliani .
the mayoralty had been earlier removed in 1792 , when the act made madras as a municipality .
between 1995 and 1999 , the sculptor constantin crengăniş paid by the iaşi mayoralty , reconstructed the monument based on photographs .
a democrat who explicitly appealed to the working class , haynes is chiefly remembered for securing newark a safe and abundant water supply , and his mayoralty is seen as a turning point in the prosperity of newark .
declined to accept mayoralty of colne , 1919 .
during his mayoralty he was able to help raise £ 3 million towards the project and for him was a highlight of his year of office .
however , according to o'donohue 's memoirs , eggleton broke the pact and unilaterally declared himself a mayoralty candidate forcing o'donohue to stay out of the race in order not to split the vote .
the dunedin mayoralty election 2007 re - elected peter chin as mayor of dunedin .
although it has its own mayoralty , the village is considered as a quarter or suburb of the town of targovishte .
he was an unsuccessful candidate for the republican and democratic mayoralty nomination in 1927 .
this form of government stood until the city of erie was incorporated on 14 april 1851 , when a mayoralty and select council were established .
he was the first mayor of chennai ( then called madras ) when the mayoralty was reinstated for the corporation of chennai in 1933 .
giuliani continued to highlight crime reduction and law enforcement as central missions of his mayoralty throughout both terms .
a republican , levine has been elected to the mayoralty twice , in a municipality with a heavy democratic advantage in voter registration .
all of these activities , programs , and concepts are reflected in the wagner collection , which consists of correspondence , transcripts of 3,000 speeches ( now available online in full - text are , spanning his terms in office as well as his pre- and post - mayoralty career ) , over 7,000 photographs , personal artifacts , and a 100-interview oral history collection .
cllr quigley has made inclusion and tolerance key themes of her mayoralty .
in 1902 , wigram was nominated for the mayoralty and was elected unopposed .
he lost to former sen. alfredo lim for the 2007 mayoralty race , but he said that he agreed to lose .
cleveland mayoralty , 1977–1979 .
the most famous reminder of those days is " ceann an bhalla " ( the head of the wall ) , now known as the spanish arch , constructed during the mayoralty of wylliam martin ( 1519–20 ) .
as the independent councillors were required for the liberal candidate to secure the mayoralty , the liberals moved to support cr etmekdjian who 3 of the 4 independents were willing to support .
on 1 july 1948 , fürst took over the mayoralty for half a year .
the office of mayor was however re - created in 1933 and kumararajah m.a. muthiah chettiar made the transition from last president to first new mayor - and the mayoralty has remained thereafter .
canada 's " national post " newspaper ran the headline " monkey wins mayoralty , regains human form " .
he was challenged by nathan phillips , a long time city councillor who had made a previous attempt to win the mayoralty .
in advance of the 1959 municipal election , the city 's mayoralty was up for grabs .
bremen 's legislative assembly decided to elect böhrnsen as mayor after he had won the social democrat primary for the mayoralty , which had become vacant after incumbent henning scherf announced on 28 september 2005 that he intended to resign in december .
in 1895 , older became managing editor of the " san francisco bulletin " ( later merged with the " san francisco call " in 1929 ) , and gained notoriety when he took on the boss abe ruef machine in san francisco , during the mayoralty of eugene schmitz , which led to the corruption trials during the rebuilding of san francisco following the 1906 earthquake and fire .
he threatened to challenge the law imposing term limits on elected city officials and run for another full four - year term , if the primary candidates did not consent to the extension of his mayoralty .
lacson successfully unseated the incumbent presidentially - appointed mayor manuel de la fuente in the first ever mayoralty election in the city .
prior to his mayoralty , bowdon had served a single term in the louisiana house of representatives from 1948 - 1952 .
mayoralty .
in august 2009 , brown stated he would run for the mayoralty of the combined auckland " super - city " in the auckland mayoral election , 2010 .. brown announced his candidacy in front of more than 300 supporters at sorrento in the park , one tree hill , maungakiekie .
the former principal of the school , martin elliott , caused some controversy over his use of obscenities during his ill - fated run for the mayoralty of hamilton in 2004 .
in october 2007 , parker successfully stood in the local government elections , for the christchurch mayoralty , after the retirement of garry moore , receiving just over 46,000 votes — well ahead of his nearest rival .
following the same policy under which the members of the constituent assembly had barred themselves from the legislative assembly , in october , lafayette resigned the command of the national guard , and bailly retired from the mayoralty of paris .
nevertheless , that same year , anthony morris secretly fled to bucks county to avoid being notified of his election to the mayoralty .
city status and lord mayoralty .
prior to her mayoralty service , beard was a small business owner and a member of the shreveport city council from southwest shreveport .
on november 9 , 2007 , bernard kerik , whom giuliani had appointed to several top positions during his mayoralty , brought in as a partner at giuliani partners , and recommended for secretary of homeland security , was indicted on 16 counts of tax fraud and other federal charges .
hiram gill ran successfully for the seattle mayoralty in 1910 on " open city " platform , defeating real estate man george w. dilling .
then he failed in turn to win the elections for the presidency of the île - de - france region in 1998 , the rpr nomination for the mayoralty of paris in 2001 , and the chair of the national assembly in 2002 .
on august 1 , 1778 , at a full court of mayoralty , parr was elected master of the grammar school of norwich and early in the following year moved to the city to start work .
new orleans ' peak population was reached during morrison 's mayoralty , when the 1960 census recorded 627,525 inhabitants , a 10 percent increase from the 1950 figures .
deputy mayors do not have any right to succeed to the mayoralty in the case of vacancy or incapacity of the mayor ( the order of succession is public advocate , then comptroller ) .
a prominent businessman and lawyer , masunda was elected unanimously by the harare council on july 2 , 2008 for a five - year term after emmanuel chiroto , an mdc member who was previously elected executive mayor by the mdc - majority council on june 15 , voluntarily stood down from the mayoralty and accepted the position of deputy mayor , after allegations that his wife was captured and tortured by zanu - pf youth .
however , the mayor ( later lord mayor of the city of london ) generally served as sheriff before becoming mayor , and in 1385 the common council of london stipulated that every future lord mayor should " have previously been sheriff so that he may be tried as to his governance and bounty before he attains to the estate of mayoralty " ; this tradition continues to this day .
the concept of rural boroughs had originally been announced by henry brooke , minister of housing and local government in the house of commons on july 29 , 1957 when he said he was considering that in future rural districts could include " what might be called a rural borough or country borough with the mayoralty and corporate existence continuing so that the burgesses could go on enjoying the traditions and the corporate property which their predecessors had handed down " .
langlie , meanwhile , set his sights again on the mayoralty .
dunedin mayoralty election , 2007 .
when he came back to cebu in the year 1988 , he vied for the mayoralty and won election without the backing of a party or endorsement by a national office .
dunedin mayoralty election , 2004 .
the city won , after much movement of political leaders , business , unions and community , its autonomy in 1985 and was elected that year onwards juberlan de oliveira , hydekel lima de freitas ( in 1990 left the post to take a seat on senate ) , josé carlos lacerda ( vice mayor of hydekel , took office after his resignation ) , moacyr rodrigues do carmo , josé camilo zito dos santos filho and washington reis de oliveira , and the last returned to the mayoralty in 2009 .
in the fall of 1976 , while penn was a first - year law student at columbia university , he and his business partner douglas schoen became the pollsters for congressman ed koch 's second ( and first successful run ) for the mayoralty of the city of new york .
in 1950 he was a wellington city councillor , and suggested to frank kitts that he should stand on behalf of labour for the mayor and council ; kitts was the highest - polling councillor , although he did not win the mayoralty until 1956 .
since 1385 , prior service as sheriff has been mandatory for election to the lord mayoralty .
noosa 's mayor , bob abbot , won the mayoralty of the new council over maroochy 's joe natoli with 70% of the combined vote .
after a three year term on the council , turner chose to contest the mayoralty , challenging long - serving incumbent richard walls .
edward makuka nkoloso was a grade school science teacher , candidate for the mayoralty of lusaka , zambia and former activist for the independence of zambia who became notorious at the time of independence when he established the zambia national academy of science , space research and philosophy , zambia 's first ( unofficial ) space program .
mayoralty election .
one of his first acts after ascending to the mayoralty was to issue an official proclamation commemorating the twelfth , the anniversary of the victory of william of orange over the irish .
volavola , a councillor representing the tamavua ward , was elected lord mayor in 2003 , under a memorandum of understanding between of his united fiji party ( sdl ) and the national federation party ( nfp ) of his predecessor , chandu umaria , according to which the two parties agreed to hold the mayoralty for one year each , with the parties choosing the lord mayor jointly in the third year ( 2004 ) .
in 1985 , he withstood a challenge from city councillor anne johnston , a fellow liberal , who ran against eggleton for the mayoralty in that year 's civic election .
in october 2008 pakhomov became the fourth occupant of the mayoralty of sochi since the announcement of the city as the host of the 2014 winter olympics .
he began his mayoralty in 2003 .
osborne was knighted at westminster on 2 feb. in the year of his mayoralty , and was also elected to represent the city in parliament in 1586 .
he took an interest in public affairs in his home city of new york , but eschewed the role of politician , turning down an offer of the mayoralty on no less than three occasions .
following the assassination of mayor anton cermak kelly was hand picked by his friend , patrick nash , chairman of the cook county democratic party , for the mayoralty election of 1933 .
the new york city mayoralty has played a central role in several films and television series . " spin city " ( 1996 - 2002 ) , set in city hall , starred michael j. fox as a deputy mayor making efforts to stop the dim - witted mayor from embarrassing himself in front of the media and voters . "
in 2001 , uy failed in his reelection bid to gelacio p. gementiza , but regained the mayoralty seat in the 2004 elections as gementiza became provincial governor of davao del norte .
winnipeg was formally incorporated as a city in 1873 , and cornish declared himself a candidate for the city 's mayoralty .
christchurch mayoralty .
the liberal party 's campaign rally was held to proclaim the candidacies of eight senatorial bets as well as the candidate for the mayoralty race in manila .
bryan nicolson , a spokesman for the british high commission in new zealand , announced on 30 october that governor richard fell had formally dismissed steve christian from the mayoralty , and his son , randy , from the chairmanship of the powerful internal committee .
rodgers defeated an incumbent in his first bid for the mayoralty , defeating a candidate backed by jersey city mayor frank hague 's hudson county democratic party machine .
later , in the december 6 , 1932 village election , he won the mayoralty on the workers ticket with 529 votes , against 359 votes for incumbent f. h. kraus and 301 votes for ernest b. erickson ; he was inaugurated on january 3 , 1933 .
harliss greer was a politician in an unnamed city who succeeded to the mayoralty on the sudden death of the elected mayor .
helen soller lazo adopted dr. azcueta as her vice - mayoralty candidate and had only 4 candidates for councilor .
although , whereas furigay is said to be a shoo - in for lamitan in 2010 , isabela city 's mayoralty post , is hotly contested with at least 3 other major candidates vying for the same plum position .
under a new system , the mayoralty now had a four - year term .
however , after harold washington won the democratic nomination for mayor , and subsequently the mayoralty itself , in 1983 , natarus supported washington ( who was black ) in the racially - charged " council wars " battle that followed .
he lost a mayoralty contest to moreland lynn in 1978 and later accused lynn of being in a conflict of interest over the awarding of an office furniture tender .
he was brought to the mayoralty by the resignation of the previous mayor , nicholas girod , but subsequently served two full terms , to which he was elected by landslide majorities ; after which he declined further terms .
representative lacson successfully unseated incumbent manila mayor manuel de la fuente in the first ever mayoralty election in the city .
in the same year he was counsel for william sacheverell , a prominent whig , who with others was indicted for a riot at an election for the mayoralty of nottingham .
he cared little for political honors , but in 1864 yielded to the almost unanimous call of the citizens of clinton that he should take the mayoralty and the affairs of the city thrived under his administration .
mayoralty .
rangel was one of the city 's most recognizable politicians , and there was speculation that rangel would run for the mayoralty in 1985 , but rangel preferred to remain in the house , with the goal of eventually becoming ways and means chairman and in the best possible case even house speaker .
during the 1998 elections , he ran for the mayoralty post of the town of sto .
in the second form , known as mayor - council government , the mayoralty and city council are separate offices .
in 1943 , awaya was offered the mayoralty of hiroshima by his senpai okinori kaya .
important projects during his mayoralty were things such as opening up building development areas like breite wiese , dredging the aschaff for flood control , and laying down requirements for further development at the ymos metalworks which were then being operated in the community , employing more than a thousand workers .
the new council elected vikash singh to the mayoralty , a position with a one - year term but renewable .
bloomberg 's first mayoralty coincided with a major shift of authority over the city 's public school system from the state government to the city government .
in the 1992 elections , he again won together with his vice - mayoralty candidate and fifteen of his sixteen party mates for the council seats .
he was re - elected to the mayoralty the following year and , in his second term of office , he had to guard the town against rindepest and cholera . "
he was in office when the city of adelaide became a lord mayoralty in 1919 , and so became adelaide 's first lord mayor .
after reentering politics , rieger subsequently come a distant third in the 2008 mayoralty race .
by the end of his mayoralty , however , his political fortunes were dwindling , and he failed to effectively respond to the growing civil rights movement .
he was first elected to the mayoralty of sherbrooke in 1994 .
he continued to promote the sport during his mayoralty and in the 1970s the city 's first suburban swimming pool at douglas was named the gus healy municipal swimming pool .
in the general election , although giuliani won the mayoralty , badillo lost to hevesi .
madrid has tended to be a stronghold of the people 's party , which has controlled the city 's mayoralty since 1989 .
sir william walworth was the most distinguished member of the fishmongers guild , and he invariably figured in the pageants prepared by them when one of their members attained the mayoralty .
in a few cases charter trustees , a special committee of district councillors , were formed to pepetuate the mayoralty of a town or city .
between them deceased jose dolores hernandez and his wife lolita pastora you present yourself much wanted by the people jose dolores years of his life was employed as secretary at the municipal mayoralty of this people
kaohsiung mayoralty .
led by the opposition national conservative party , right - wing nationalists won a majority of the seats nationwide and also captured the riga mayoralty in the 29 may 1994 municipal elections .
he was its mayoralty candidate during the 2009 montreal municipal election .
and their maintenance responsibility case runs idem , foundation attached to the mayoralty maracaibo .
following his retirement from the mayoralty , copps costello became connected with the calgary iron works , where he worked in an executive capacity for many years before retiring for reasons of indifferent health .
it was an ominous beginning for the mayoralty of john v. lindsay , but is perhaps better remembered for the jailing of quill and for his death only weeks afterwards .
post - mayoralty .
campbell lost the mayoralty , but on city council six veteran members of the old guard were defeated .
following a successful career in business after his lord mayoralty , and in order to formalise his personal tradition of philanthropic giving , in 2001 mr meers founded the nelson meers foundation .
it was constructed during the mayoralty of wylliam martin in 1584 , been called " ceann an bhalla " ( " the head of the wall " ) .
in the action for false imprisonment during his mayoralty brought by sir william pritchard against ex - sheriff papillon on 6 november 1684 , an incident in the attack made by the court upon the liberties of the city , maynard conducted the defence with eminent skill and zeal , though a jeffreys - ridden jury found a verdict for the plaintiff with £ 10,000 damages .
power returned to the mayoralty for a term later in 1991 and served continuously until 2000 .
he was elected an alderman to cork corporation as an independent in 1967 , and unsuccessfully sought the mayoralty in 1970 .
the monk , lucian , told of a chester procession of clerics in the year 1195 and the annals mention a parade in 1397/8 but it was not until the mayoralty of richard goodman who served from november 1498 until november 1499 ( most modern writings place he midsummer watch in the year 1498 which is unproved ) that the " wach on midsummer eve was first sett out and begonne " .
in 1977 , " mehdi zana " a supporter of ksp - t won the mayoralty of diyarbakir in the local elections .
the former mayor was previoulsy a justice of the peace by virtue of holding the mayoralty .
andrew stein was the last president of the new york city council ( the office that replaced the president of the board of aldermen and preceded the new york city public advocate as first in succession to the mayoralty ) 1986–1993 .
he was the third and youngest son of thomas chicheley , who appears in 1368 in still extant town records of higham ferrers as a suitor in the mayor 's court , and in 1381–1382 , and again in 1384–1385 , was mayor : in fact , for a dozen years he and henry barton , schoolmaster of higham ferrers grammar school , and one richard brabazon , filled the mayoralty in turns .
that year , the liberal / radical coalition lost power , as republican james e. stephenson won the mayoralty and local republicans took control of seven seats on the ten - seat city council .
he criticized the mayor on pay issues , saying , " the inability to keep veteran cops on the job or to recruit adequate numbers of new ones can be traced directly back to the giuliani mayoralty . "
in these he is accused of tyrannous conduct during his mayoralty of 1383–4 , especially of beheading the cordwainer constantyn for the riot in cheapside , and of securing his re - election in 1384 by increased violence .
on 1 june 1945 , ernst böhme was given back his mayoralty by the united states military administration .
on one occasion , andrews placed a distant second in the mayoralty race as no serious candidate ran against popular incumbent , david crombie .
2003 toronto mayoralty race .
mayoralty .
in 1745 , alderman abraham taylor was fined thirty pounds for refusing the mayoralty ; council then elected joseph turner , who also refused and was likewise fined .
" you did n't bring us together , our pain brought us together and our decency brought us together . we would have come together if bozo was the mayor " , said civil - rights activist al sharpton , in a statement largely supported by fernando ferrer , one of three main candidates for the mayoralty at the end of 2001 .
in 2000 , while a member of the pmn party , he succeeded to the mayoralty when the são paulo state court sentenced pitta to the loss of his office , due to corruption charges stemming from an irregular loan given to him by businessman jorge yunes .
in the years following his mayoralty , weightman would be curator of the columbia institute ; a founding member and officer of the washington national monument society ; grand master of the freemasons of the district of columbia ; chief clerk , and later librarian , of the united states patent office ; and a general in the union army during the civil war — not to mention the center of washington 's social activity .
it has recently ( i.e. since 2002 ) become the established rule that newly - created cities should wait for an interval of at least 10 years before making an application for a lord mayoralty .
if he had carried his home - town mayoralty in 1933 , ... he 'd probably not be remembered at all ...
after the war of the sixth coalition , trechtingshausen remained with the mayoralty of niederheimbach in st. goar district in the rhine province .
