scholars point out that puranic texts are fluid and dynamic , often citing more ancient material and undergoing later interpolations ; they caution that it is meaningless to define a specific date for a purana because generations of storytellers have been involved in its transmission and adaptation .
robson left shilton out of the third and final group game as it was now meaningless , but england still managed to lose it , also 3–1 .
this proved meaningless as anne was never allowed to succeed queen regnant elizabeth i of england .
climax of this technique are zündel ’s totally meaningless , incoherent answers on the psychiatrist ’s questions .
their final two regular - season games thus rendered meaningless , the eagles sat out most of their first - string players in these games and lost them both , yet still finished with a 13 - 3 record , their best 16-game season ever .
this mirrored the views of his mother , who has in the past stated that ' titles are meaningless because peers are no longer legislators ' .
some specimens have meaningless characters .
she is sure that his flings are just that – meaningless encounters .
mahamat nouri of the national alliance said that no fundamental change could occur under déby and described the appointment as a meaningless " non - event " .
but the surrender of the third french republic and the retreat of british forces from continental europe rendered the assurances that both countries had made to romania meaningless .
there were planets and moons and the tiny feathery whorls of the dim nebulae , and they had themselves filled it with junk and traffic and the emblems of a thousand different languages , but they could not create the skies of a planet within a galaxy , and they could not ever hope , within any frame of likelihood they could envisage existing , to travel to anywhere beyond their own system , or the everywhere - meaningless gulf of space surrounding their own isolated and freakish star .
each block was embossed with a unique but meaningless symbol and then used to make the prints for the exhibit .
bennett was described as , " an ungracefully - aging hippie himself , offers up more gratuitous profanity than intellectual political thought " , samuels was summarized by , " any random listen could be whining about anything meaningless , like the day i caught her discussing snot and boogers " , while thompson had the least critical description of , " while a smart , passionate guy , has a program so mellow in tone that it can literally put you to sleep .
similarly , the elevation of meaningless considerations of status and vanity over personal happiness and well - being is continuously portrayed throughout the movie .
in a separate chapter he suggests that the perennial question , " does the end justify the means ? " is meaningless as it stands : the real and only question regarding the ethics of means and ends is , and always has been , " does this particular end justify this particular means ? "
he still believed in the viewpoint he shared with the logical positivists : that large parts of what was traditionally called " philosophy"– including the whole of metaphysics , theology and aesthetics– were not matters that could be judged as being true or false and that it was thus meaningless to discuss them .
for mazzoni , even “ poetry ” is a meaningless category –
as early as march 1987 , education advisory inspectors became concerned with the excessive amounts of " mechanical work and meaningless homework " .
but neither are double given names typical of english , nor are surnames meaningless , since surnames usually identify a family relationship .
however , since no one knows the " blinding fraction " " f " , no one has preexisting expectations about the meaningless neutrino count " n ' = n x f " in the visible data ; therefore , the analysis does not introduce any bias into the final number " n " which is reported .
according to the logical positivists , unless a statement could be verified by experience , or else was true or false by definition ( i.e. either tautological or contradictory ) , then it was meaningless ( this is a summary statement of their verification principle ) .
in reality , the book seems to be a meaningless collection of advertisements , half - remembered news segments , and bits of instruction manuals .
this meaningless loss of life impressed itself on the public imagination .
since reach is a time - dependent summary of aggregate audience behavior , reach figures are meaningless without a period associated with them : an example of a valid reach figure would be to state that " [ example website ] had a one - day reach of 1565 per million on 21 march 2004 " ( though unique users , an equivalent measure , would be a more typical metric for a website ) .
in true baatorian fashion , their mythology is a byzantine masterpiece of historical revisionism and state - mandated " truth " , which might have little factual basis from an objective viewpoint , and the second fiendish codex openly admits to this , though to the devils themselves , the difference might be meaningless .
a meaningless basket with three seconds remaining by rebecca lobo -- who was limited to nine points — allowed new york to avoid its lowest point total of the season .
robert anton wilson in the new inquisition developed a non - aristotelian system of classification in which propositions can be assigned one of 7 values : true , false , indeterminate , meaningless , self - referential , game rule , or strange loop .
palmer organises an expensive and unauthorised raid that yields nothing but a piece of audio tape , marked " ipcress " , that produces a meaningless noise when played .
on 1 june 1983 , ' pakjun 1983 ' brought deregulation of the banking system , and the end of the meaningless 6% official deposit rate , with a more market - based financial system .
his flowering world becomes a wasteland of dry stones and his life feels meaningless – even though , like king minos , he may through titanic effort succeed in building an empire or renown .
to palmerston the basis seemed meaningless , the proposed settlement to settle nothing .
thus if " x " is distributed uniformly on formula_2 it is truly meaningless to condition a probability on " formula_39 " .
while ginsberg sees voting as a passive and meaningless act which gives the illusion of public control over government , he sometimes criticizes both political parties as having a " resistance " to sincerely working towards increased voter participation .
a meaningless life followed by oblivion is consistent with the purport of much ( though not all ) of the rest of the tanakh as to the state of the dead ( ecclesiastes 9:5 , 10 ; genesis 3:19 ; psalms 6:5 ; 115:17 ) .
demonstrations of the independence of syntax and meaning , such that a sentence may be syntactically valid but meaningless .
such a design may seem meaningless today , as it takes two camshafts to operate the valves , creating an engine that is more complicated and expensive to produce than a normal l - head .
though he condemned the operation , he stated that " supporting our brothers only with words is meaningless , considering the big tragedy they are facing . "
he also said that being moved to lemden was meaningless because he " remain[ed ] a president under house arrest " .
without this step , the reading is meaningless .
( in arabic , " jiba " is a meaningless word . )
then , zalinsky says that the purchase order is meaningless as he will soon own callahan auto .
still , their natural denotations of weights and measures were superficially meaningless : " two minas , a shekel and two parts . " .
the legal authority to perform certain functions is meaningless if local authorities are deprived of the financial resources to carry them out .
jake refuses , saying that to quit now would make his sacrifices meaningless .
however judicial review of legislation was made largely meaningless by the ease with which the oireachtas could alter the constitution .
this second success here was equally as meaningless as his first , as neither power could decisively defeat the other in battle .
meyers chose the meaningless campaign slogan " watch ' er click with vic " .
software - based overwriting uses a software application to write patterns of meaningless data onto each of a hard drive 's sectors .
in a general setting , such statements are meaningless .
dorson complained that popularizers had sentimentalized folklore , stereotyping the people who created it as quaint and whimsical — whereas the real thing was often " repetitive , clumsy , meaningless and obscene " .
in a sequence of calculations , these rounding errors generally accumulate , and in certain ill - conditioned cases they may make the result meaningless .
the lack of inter regional competitions , the use of non national teams in tournaments , missing results and a lack of clarity over the make up of teams has made this increasingly meaningless .
because meaningless quantifiers can be added to any formula , once a formula is assigned the classification formula_1 or formula_2 it will be assigned the classifications formula_26 and formula_27 for every " m " greater than " n " .
the last qualifier was a meaningless affair away at cyprus ( the match was actually played in athens since cyprus were penalized for the riots during their match versus scotland ) , and savićević got a chance to start along with a slew of other young and up - and - coming players from the domestic league that osim normally shied away from using in competitive matches such as darko pančev , robert prosinečki , branko brnović , and slobodan marović .
manolo retired from the game in 1997 , after two meaningless seasons with mérida ud , one in the second level ; he was just three goals shy of 100 in the spanish top level .
the rocket departs , and the android family continues on with its meaningless daily life .
however , some critical theorists suggest that meaning is only divided into smaller structural units via its regulation in concrete social interactions ; outside of these interactions language may become meaningless .
other commentators argue that calling abortion technically illegal is incorrect , or otherwise pointless , since that is " a meaningless category in law . "
the utopian plans of his distant french cousin not only seem to schultze stupid and meaningless , but are positively wrong for the very fact that they issue from a frenchman and are designed to block " progress " which decreed that the degenerate french are due to be subdued by the germans .
but if you ask who are the top five roulette players in the world , the response is utterly meaningless : roulette is purely a game of chance ...
as with truman capote 's " in cold blood " , the inspiration for " natural affection " came from a newspaper account of a seemingly meaningless and unmotivated murder .
nothing in space stands still — more precisely , standing still is meaningless without defining what " still " means .
the same journal defined " situationism " as " a meaningless term improperly derived from the above .
despite pulling out of the rlc cup after defeats against telford and luton vipers rendered the remaining two games meaningless , was focussed on more of the same , which would take place once again at four ashes , an area that would become the wizards ' home .
despite joyce 's revolutionary techniques , the author repeatedly emphasized that the book was neither random nor meaningless ; with ellmann quoting the author as having stated : " i can justify every line of my book . "
richard has become suicidal since jacob 's death because he believes that his life on the island has been meaningless .
both von rauffenstein and de boëldieu view their military service as a duty , and see the war as having a purpose ; as such , renoir depicts them as laudable but tragic figures whose world is disappearing and who are trapped in a code of life that is rapidly becoming meaningless .
thus for coordination complexes the standard electron configuration formalism is meaningless and the d electron count formalism is suitable substitute .
so far , then , it is meaningless to speak of " sephardic custom " : all that is meant is jewish law without the particular customs of the ashkenazim .
the overwhelmed zips find themselves behind 41 - 3 at halftime against penn state , who subs in the backups , penn state scores once in the third to make it 48 - 3 , and akron scores a late , meaningless touchdown against the lions to bring the score to 48 - 10 .
and the resources that actually went all the way to the front line was used on civilian targets in bloody , meaningless acts of terror .
a review in " computer gaming world " described the game as " a mediocre effort at best . " criticisms of the game included poor documentation , poor class balance , and meaningless character alignment .
the word ' buggery ' today also serves as a mild expletive and can be used to replace the word ' bugger ' as a simple expletive or as a simile as in the phrase " it hurts like buggery " or in apparently meaningless phrases such as " run like buggery " , largely equivalent to " run like hell . "
these people : " bollocks " ; this whole industry : complete " bollocks " ; these prizes : meaningless " bollocks " ; all these free gifts : marketing " bollocks " ; this food : pure " bollocks " .
the order fell rapidly into disuse during john 's captivity in london , but afterwards the nominal ranks swelled so enormously that by the time of charles v its bestowal was meaningless .
the concept of the city of license has also become a nearly meaningless legal fiction over the years , as stations no longer have any requirement to air any local content .
the gestures used here are all meaningless , such as placing the hand flat on the top of the head or flat outward with the fingers towards the ear .
according to blas infante , the creation of the arms can in no way be seen as a meaningless invention , but as that of a series of modifications of traditional andalusian elements : " we , andalusian regionalists or nationalists , have not come to invent anything new .
he has stated that his paintings ' titles are meaningless , and that they only exist as a form of identification .
he prides himself in being " team leader " , not realising his title is mostly meaningless , and " assistant regional manager " , which david constantly undercuts .
claims about genetic potential are meaningless except in light of this requirement .
a lengthy shaggy dog story derives its humor from the fact that the joke - teller held the attention of the listeners for a long time ( such jokes can take five minutes or more to tell ) for no reason at all , as the story ends with a meaningless anticlimax .
the basic premise of the test is that objective meaning can be extracted from responses to blots of ink which are supposedly meaningless .
when used in a specifically psychiatric context , it labels a morbid mental condition characterized by the writing of long successions of unconnected meaningless words .
despite being scientifically meaningless , they do provide useful reference points in the sky for human beings , including astronomers .
unrecognized accreditations are meaningless to the academic community .
this theory holds that the text of the voynich manuscript is mostly meaningless , but contains meaningful information hidden in inconspicuous details — e.g . the second letter of every word , or the number of letters in each line .
poul - henning is responsible for the widespread use of the term bikeshed colour to describe contentious but otherwise meaningless technical debates over trivialities in open source projects .
however , in the late 19th and early 20th century , this attitude began to shift , as arguments were made that if the court did not recognize that the fourth amendment provides protection against unlawful searches , the amendment itself would be meaningless .
criticism of atheism in its strong form also comes from agnostics , who contend that there are insufficient grounds to assert authoritatively that any supreme being does not exist , and from ignostics , who take the theological noncognitivist position that the " question " of the existence of god ( per that definition ) is meaningless or not properly defined to allow one to take a meaningful position on .
even if the encrypted emails are intercepted and accessed , its contents are meaningless without the encryption key .
this is meaningless , unless you substitute oxygen for nitrogen ( hydrogen and oxygen is rocket fuel , and mars has abundant oxygen in its surface rocks ) .
to align the data , it may be necessary to insert some meaningless bytes between the end of the last data structure and the start of the next , which is " data structure padding " .
the main cause of their disgust is that she uses her 36d breasts to have lots of meaningless sex and turns herself into media sex object , and maybe even a prostitute .
daze is a eurodance / bubblegum dance band whose music has a bouncy / fun rhythm with interesting ( and sometimes meaningless ) lyrics .
to address what these poems are about is a meaningless endeavor .
hazing is the harassment of new members as a rite of passage , by giving them meaningless , difficult , dangerous or humiliating tasks to perform , exposing them to ridicule , or playing practical jokes on them .
although the name quite clearly refers to the two main ingredients , the controversy over cocaine content would later prompt the coca - cola company to state that it is " meaningless but fanciful " .
whatever success this might have had in academe , this attempt to construct a genre was as abortive as the meaningless namecalling noted by metzger , since by the " genre 's " own definition the work it includes is " radically different and highly individualistic " ( mauceri 1997 , 190 ) .
meredith whitney of cibc world markets has called the fico score " virtually meaningless " .
still today , each parish in england and wales gives to its incumbent the title rector or vicar depending on the historical situation with tithes , but , as all clergy in these churches are paid from central funds , the distinction is meaningless .
this constitution was touted as reform , but in practice granted meaningless representation to indians and coloureds and left the black majority in the same position .
joel coen said they wanted the score to be " something big and bombastic , something important sounding but absolutely meaningless . "
another problem caused by the redecoration was that the state and principal bedrooms were now moved upstairs , thus rendering the state rooms an enfilade of rather similar and meaningless drawing rooms .
forms such as k.m and km are ill - formed and technically meaningless in the si system , although the intended meaning might be inferred from the context .
he beat three unknowns and georgios gazis , then he was stopped in the meaningless final by darren sutherland .
palin also claimed that , after the discussion , both his foes said " how pathetic , hopeless and meaningless and juvenile it was .
the numerals in a running desk calculator are as meaningless as the numerals on a page of hand - calculations .
it is meaningless and led to confusion as locals spelt is as zimuto , and the settlers spelt as zimutu .
this disconnection of the war machines from the machinic phylum , of the military institution from the social formation , may result in erratic war machines that become nomads because of a lack of political control : if battles are not strategically ordered following political objectives , then even their victories become meaningless .
" jargon aphasia",is characterized by incoherent , meaningless , speech with neologisms ( newly invented words ) .
the soundtrack features " ( i 'm gon na ) kick you out " by the caesars , taken from their album , " 39 minutes of bliss ( in an otherwise meaningless world ) " .
a cuban rumba song often begins with the soloist singing meaningless syllables , which are called ' diana(s ) ' .
this is a very time effective way to crack or recover a password as it does n’t check meaningless combinations of letters .
the song is featured on the band 's " 39 minutes of bliss ( in an otherwise meaningless world ) " , " paper tigers " , and " love for the streets " albums .
one reviewer at drownedinsound.com gave the album 2 out of 10 stars , saying that it was " utter meaningless trash that achieves nothing but widen the dichotomy between them and anyone with at least half a braincell . " .
the episode then focuses upon epiphanies by the main characters - elliot realizes she carried on a meaningless relationship due to her desire to be married ; consequently , she calls off the wedding twice .
there were no meaningless cuts .
thus , the individual events are meaningless when considered by themselves —
this song features some excellent acoustic guitar with the waters family backing vocalists singing the meaningless words , ” badadup , badadup , badadup , ba pa pa ba pa pa .
the debate over whether the work represented a contribution to physics , or instead was meaningless , spread from usenet to many other internet forums , including the blogs of notable physicists .
the kantian categories are demonstrable and true , but their application to the given is meaningless and unthinkable .
antigone rejects life as desperately meaningless but without affirmatively choosing a noble death .
time became meaningless , he writes , and he has no idea how long he stood there , arms outstretched .
as aristotle pointed out , since some sentences are questions , commands , or meaningless , not all can be truthbearers .
however , the amptp has commented on these types of agreements as " meaningless " , although talks between them and wga are to continue over the weekend and many critics believe the strike can be over within two weeks .
he decides his life without his love is meaningless and plans to have a very public death with help from rani sitara devi , a pr agent .
ultimately , the plague enables people to understand that their individual suffering is meaningless .
for authors who define intervals as subsets of the real numbers , those notations are either meaningless , or equivalent to the open variants .
they are : brahmins and their " mantras " should be utterly avoided ; meaningless rituals , piling mud pots , one on another , having the traditional lamp during day time , ritual smoke - all these should be avoided .
an item truly exists only so long as it is observed ; otherwise , it is not only meaningless , but simply nonexistent .
this view believes that since all registers originate in laryngeal function , it is meaningless to speak of registers being produced in the head .
many years later mccartney stated that the strange coincidence between reality and lyric could be a product of his subconscious , rather than being a meaningless fluke .
in a typical mathews conceit , the title of the novel is apparently meaningless until the reader reaches the final pages , at which point it reveals an important twist in the story that is nowhere revealed in the text of the book itself .
the general talks to the priest about the futility of war and the meaningless of the enterprise .
it may also sometimes be used to describe people who are viewed as stupid or useless or even meaningless , similar to wanker .
the lines are the starting lyrics of hindi songs , transcribed phonetically into english . unless you know hindi and are interested in indian music , these words are actually meaningless to native english speakers .
jónsi sang the lyrics of " ( ) " entirely in " vonlenska " ( " hopelandic " ) , a made - up " language " which consists of meaningless words and syllables .
in addiction to recognizing what is meaningless , the song was a way for me to come to grips with that fact that i need to let go of the vain things that i cling to .
secondly he had become deeply influenced by the theories of gandhi , and had realised that for the african majority in south africa constitutional politics were meaningless and hopeless .
the right to exist , however , remains meaningless , if people are not supplied with goods and services of prime necessity .
the philosopher richard taylor uses the myth of sisyphus as a representation of a life made meaningless because it consists of bare repetition .
the principle of ' self - determination , ' embodied in the league of nations covenant was not considered to apply to these colonies and was " regarded as meaningless . "
the poet edith sitwell coined the term " abstract poetry " to describe some of her own poems which possessed more aural than literary qualities , rendering them essentially meaningless : " the poems in " façade " are " abstract " poems -- that is , they are patterns of sound .
due to the continuing effects of the genophage , the krogan are a dying species and are trapped in a downward spiral of meaningless violence .
the american anthropological association has declared that " differentiating species into biologically defined ' races ' has proven meaningless and unscientific as a way of explaining variation , " while the american psychological association has stated that the causes of inter - group iq differences are unknown .
curtis was the co - writer with philip pope of the hee bee gee bees ' single " meaningless songs ( in very high voices ) " released in 1980 to parody the style of a series of bee gees ' disco hits .
the reason to use session tokens is that the client only has to handle the identifier ( a small piece of data which is otherwise meaningless and thus presents no security risk ) - all session data is stored on the server ( usually in a database , to which the client does not have direct access ) linked to that identifier .
bbc radio 5 live 's film critic mark kermode delivered an all - singing , all - dancing review , describing the experience as ' the closest you get to see a - list actors doing drunken karaoke ' . " the guardian " was more negative , giving it one star , stating that the film gave the reviewer a " need to vomit " , while bob chipman of " escape to the movies " said it was " so base , so shallow and so hinged on meaningless spectacle , it 's amazing it was n't made for men " . " the daily telegraph " stated that it was enjoyable but poorly put together ( " finding the film a total shambles was sort of a shame , but i have a sneaking suspicion i 'll go to see it again anyway . " ) , whereas " empire " said it was " cute , clean , camp fun , full of sunshine and toe tappers . "
other translations include " empty " , " futile " , " meaningless " , " absurd " , " fleeting , " " evanescent , " or " senseless " .
however , the constitution of the russian federation is legally the primary law for every federal subject , therefore following the text and the spirit of the federal constitution any reference to " sovereignty " or " foreign policy " or any other attribute of an independent state in the tyvan constitution is illegal and practically meaningless .
the trick involves inserting enough meaningless dle messages into the bytes that the modem will discard ( that is , a dle followed by a byte without any specific meaning ) so that there are exactly 11520 bytes ( assuming a serial port locked at 115200 bit / s ) which will take exactly 1 second to transmit through the serial port .
looking back on all of the meaningless things i had left behind it makes sense to ask the question : how could i go back to live amongst the dead ? "
a recording of speech could be digitalized on a cd into millions of meaningless bits .
the patriots would add a meaningless touchdown at the end to make the final score 46 - 10 , the most lopsided defeat in super bowl history at the time .
this is a story that is true to life because it is about life itself , the tragedies and trials and travails , and even the triumphs , momentary and meaningless as they sometimes seem .
" meaningless " is singer - songwriter jon brion 's 2001 debut solo album .
and , indeed , the tompkins concept becomes meaningless in our existence if a dimensional quantity such as " c " has changed , even drastically .
the poets argued that their construction method disassembles the poet 's voice and renders the poems meaningless .
being pitied even by the range watchers and thinking his life meaningless , he fell into despair and came to the grove to die there .
marketing speak is characterized by its heavy use of buzzwords , neologisms , and terms appropriated from specialized technical fields which are eventually rendered almost meaningless through heavy repeated use in inappropriate contexts .
in the midst of the war of the five kings , this pledge at first was believed to be meaningless , as robb and house stark appeared to need help in the form of soldiers .
the person addressed has a mind that is " full of red " in the sense of being full of thoughts about the spilled blood of the dead lover , and , perhaps , full of rage at his meaningless death , which was based on " lies " about the war and its purposes .
" unless there were ' meaningless ' or ' indeterminate ' variation in the triggering conditions of the various frogs ' eyes , there could be no raw material [ ... ] for selection for a " new " purpose to act upon .
swords and gadgets and armor are meaningless .
however , such meaningless uses of inoffensive words are seldom referred to as " expletive " .
in a meaningless game for both teams , cote d'ivoire defeated serbia and montenegro 3–2 , despite serbia and montenegro taking a two - goal lead .
he stated " the term " jazz " , per se , is meaningless to me in a certain way .
where formula_19 i.e. the topological support of the pushforward measure formula_20 as can be seen from the integral above , the value of formula_21 for points " x " outside the support of the random variable is meaningless ; its significance as a conditional probability is strictly limited to the support of " t " .
apart from him , church is meaningless .
metaphysical statements belong to this second kind and therefore they are meaningless .
a proposition can not be built from real things or ideas , but it is not just meaningless words either .
malcolm created krono and had kilokhan send it into an atomic clock in england to render time in the world meaningless .
when the fitness of a single genotype becomes meaningless because of the high rate of mutations , the cloud as a whole or quasispecies becomes the natural unit of selection .
while particular values of mse other than zero are meaningless in and of themselves , they may be used for comparative purposes .
before that time , the territory of present - day el salvador formed part of other political entities ; it is meaningless to talk of a unified identity that aspired to literary expression .
they may repeat meaningless phrases or speak only to repeat what the examiner says .
the original purpose of the meetings had been to revive aspects of their former student life in heidelberg , with its traditions , its songs and its drinking sessions , but the meeting ended in meaningless conversations : " our life here would actually be quite bearable , if we only had a bowling lane . "
a large tame snake with a false human head , wound round alexander 's body as he sat in a shrine in the temple , gave " autophones " , or oracles unasked , but the usual methods practiced were those of the numerous oracle - mongers of the time , of which lucian gives a detailed account , the opening of sealed inquiries by heated needles , a neat plan of forging broken seals , and the giving of vague or meaningless replies to difficult questions , coupled with a lucrative blackmailing of those whose inquiries were compromising .
approaching the geographical south pole ( or north pole ) the meridians of longitude converge , eventually making a measure of longitude meaningless , as a degree of longitude will become smaller and smaller .
whilst he is credited with producing many films , in the audio commentary for the uk release of " zu warriors from the magic mountain " , tsui hark in conversation with bey logan explained that this credit is mostly meaningless .
however , the conflict resumed in 1999 , thus rendering the 1997 peace accord meaningless .
when a sequence of calculations subject to rounding error are made , errors may accumulate in certain cases known as ill - conditioned , sometimes to such an extent as to dominate the calculation and make the result meaningless .
for someone who was born and raised in one of the poorest neapolitan neighbourhoods this must surely have been quite an achievement but in claiming the titles ( at the time they had become meaningless ) the consummate comedian also mocked them , showing their intrinsic worthlessness .
the first letter designators were p - portsmouth , c - chatham , and d - devonport , with the final letter being meaningless " checksum " .
they argue that the verb is transitive , and pre - fixed to a predicate ( e.g. , an apple " is red " ) : without a predicate , the word is meaningless .
additionally , according to legal historian john phillip reid , " as a matter of constitutional law the statute was meaningless " , because future parliaments would not be bound by the current parliament 's pledge not to impose taxes .
the asian part of his identity he considers practically meaningless , because of the diversity and distinctness of people it includes .
new orleans would end the game with a meaningless 32-yard td pass from brees to wr lance moore .
but such a wrong conception of allah makes their belief in allah meaningless .
british musicians john otway and wild willy barrett recorded the song on their 1978 album " deep & meaningless " .
there is no right or wrong decision , thought or practice , and whatever choice a human being makes is just as meaningless and empty as any other choice he or she could have made .
in his original review of " there will be blood , " white suggested that the " musical wit disguises the story 's incoherence — its meaningless siblings , silences and opportunistic sadism " , feeling that the film 's finale was " confusing and slapdash " and " comes across as just secular - progressive prejudice and loopy , unconvincing drama " .
sufis believe the following four ranks are free of time and space and therefore life and death becomes meaningless .
famously , the album cover for the beatles ' 1965 album " help ! " was to have portrayed the four band members spelling " help " in semaphore with their arms , though the result was deemed aesthetically unpleasing , and the band 's arms were instead positioned in a meaningless but aesthetically pleasing arrangement for the final version of the album art .
all its rich elements are in balance and plausible — not the patchwork confederacy of made - up languages , contrived customs , and meaningless histories that are the hallmark of so many other , lesser novels .
as the title would imply , the song is about gigolo who craves real love rather than meaningless sex .
the lexer would contain rules to tell it that the characters codice_3 , codice_6 , codice_9 , codice_4 and codice_8 mark the start of a new token , so meaningless tokens like " codice_16 " or " codice_17 " will not be generated .
we have to give law to the real association and withdraw meaningless privilege from the imaginary one . "
on the other hand , " confuciusornis " might be closer to enantiornithes than to living birds rather than about equally distinct from both , which in turn would render the ornithothoraces meaningless too .
in february 1931 , he denounced cremation , declaring , " that funeral honors should be paid to a cremated corpse is a defiance of catholic conscience which objects to cremation ... any funeral is meaningless after destruction of the body by burning " .
banerjea supported the morley - minto reforms 1909 - which were resented and ridiculed as insufficient and meaningless by the vast majority of the indian public and nationalist politicians .
on the other hand , from a strict formalist perspective this paraphrase would be considered meaningless because it presupposes that mathematical " truth " and " falsehood " are well - defined in an absolute sense , rather than relative to each formal system .
ibn khaldūn , in any case unhappy with his respected but politically meaningless position , followed his teacher abili to fez .
the best known of these is the bee gees parody " the hee bee gee bees " , with their song " meaningless songs ( in very high voices ) " , which became a moderate hit .
arcade falls in love , joins the revolutionary movement of angels , and towards the end realizes that the overthrow of god is meaningless unless " in ourselves and in ourselves alone we attack and destroy ialdabaoth . "
therefore they say it is meaningless .
however , mohists believed that if you acted like a righteous person , such morality was meaningless in the eyes of heaven unless you also truly believed in what you were doing .
any other claim , including the claims of ethics , aesthetics , theology , metaphysics , and ontology , are meaningless ( this theory is called verificationism ) .
in addition , nfl coaches were reluctant to part with their new draftees ( who would miss part of training camp ) for a meaningless exhibition at which the players might be injured .
ironically by this time the land battle through northern europe was making the bomber offensive increasingly meaningless .
as this system does not provide a unique identifier ( the numbers are repeated every century ) it may be replaced by a meaningless identifier in the near future .
this legal fiction became increasingly meaningless as the emperors consolidated their power ; however , it was maintained at least to a ceremonial degree until the very end of the roman empire ; 476 in the western roman empire .
thus , koirala presents a passionate plea against the philosophy of the bhagavad - gita which assumes that the world is but an illusion and thus makes life and death a meaningless phenomena and that the observance of one 's own duty is the ultimate priority .
an mvtr result without specifying these conditions is almost meaningless .
one notorious forum on dreamless was " 08 - meaningless and shallow " , a topical free - for - all which lead to numerous flame wars , post floods and user - led xss vandalism .
the case went to court and resulted in the team running out of money and withdrawing from formula one , meaning that shannon 's eventual victory was essentially meaningless .
as he chokes musashi , baiken states that musashi 's life is ultimately meaningless in the grand scheme of things .
otherwise , the notion of being spacelike is meaningless .
his father describes everyone on the planet as meaningless and insignificant .
under combined reporting rules , as is used in 22 states currently , the parent company and all its related subsidiaries file a single , unified tax return , rendering the shifting of profits between affiliates meaningless , and thereby shutting down a host of tax loopholes at once .
in baseball , statistics are meaningless without context ; hitting 30 home runs in the 1930s is a lot different than hitting 30 today .
the treaty of tordesillas was rendered meaningless between 1580 and 1640 while spain controlled portugal .
by 1954 only three comic publishers were still members , and schultz admitted that the acmp seals placed on comics were meaningless .
apophenia is defined as " the spontaneous finding of connections or meaning in things which are random , unconnected or meaningless " , and has been put forward as a possible explanation .
it is meaningless to create a monotonous or fixed brain wave for the learning .
denby wrote that the film was too dark and lacked humor , concluding that " the lurid , meaningless violence of this movie left me exhausted and sickened by the end .
4 ) being specific - where do you want confidence ? ' confidence ' is meaningless until you tie it to something specific .
for autonomous agents it is meaningless to make promises about another 's behaviour .
in 1974 , the ne win government 's new constitution granted rakhine division " state " status but the gesture was largely seen as meaningless since the military junta held all power in the country and in rakhine .
given that photoresists easily diffuse acid molecules , it would be no surprise that the smaller and lighter electrons produced by euv or other ionizing radiation would diffuse faster and further , rendering the expected optical resolution meaningless .
reaching no result can mean that actions are inefficient , ineffective , meaningless or flawed .
this was echoed by the saigon press , which ran articles assailing communist elections as shambolic , rigged and meaningless ; at the time , the northern half of vietnam had a greater population than the south .
( note that once an operating system is running on the computer , the code displayed by such a board is often meaningless , since some oses , e.g. linux , use port 80 for i / o timing operations . )
the lyrics thus are often meaningless or nonsensical .
however the building 's lack of " meaningless decoration " was one of the features enthusiastically praised in the special june 1932 edition of the modernist " architectural review " .
this is especially poignant when compared to czerny 's etudes , which are called " emotionally meaningless " by modern critics .
arbitrary does not mean random or meaningless .
david wootton , for instance , argues that throughout history the meanings of the term " republicanism " have been so diverse , and at times contradictory , that the term is all but meaningless and any attempt to build a cogent ideology based around it will fail .
the third estate had been granted " double representation "— that is , twice as many delegates as each of the other estates — but at the opening session on may 5 , 1789 they were informed that all voting would be " by estates " not " by head " , so their double representation was to be meaningless in terms of power .
including the overseas territories of member states , mercosur experiences most types of climate from arctic to tropical , rendering meteorological averages for mercosur as a whole meaningless .
evolution is viewed as a spiritual process that it is not meaningless blind chance .
the carolina panthers ended up scraping together a meaningless victory against the second and third stringers of the saints 31 - 21 .
in " the door " , a high school girl named manatsu feels that her life is boring and meaningless .
choronzon is the dweller within the abyss , and his purpose is to trap the traveller in a meaningless world of illusion .
in this sense to claim to believe in x or y is a meaningless assertion in the same way as " i believe that colorless green ideas sleep furiously " is grammatically correct but without meaning .
there is no such thing as a neutrally valued object , or a meaningless object , and the notion of an object as " nonsense " is itself a meaningful determination - as the existentialists would say , we are condemned to meaning .
the theory considers the sentence " the present king of france is bald " and whether the proposition is false or meaningless .
incredibly minor incidents inspire paranoid suspicion in grassy knollington and before anyone can stop him he starts hunting through the school library or googling around on the internet , drawing far - reaching conclusions from meaningless coincidences and concluding that he has found some sort of global conspiracy , one that is invariably intent on some nefarious activity .
for to say that a [ statement ] has consequences and that what has none is meaningless , must surely mean that it has a bearing upon some human interest ; they must be consequences to some one for some purpose .
he criticised vithoulkas for substituting assertion for hard evidence and constructing an almost meaningless argument on the basis of a dubious theory of disease .
however , due to thompson 's alleged dishonesty in obtaining the hare in the first place , it should be noted that there is no guarantee that any solution exists , or that the game is anything more than a collection of meaningless text and graphics intended to part hopeful treasure - hunters from their money .
the citizenship opt - out stated that european citizenship did not replace national citizenship ; this opt - out was rendered meaningless when the amsterdam treaty adopted the same wording for all members .
after she confronts him with the sad truth , burnett loses himself in a world of drugs and meaningless affairs .
george orwell wrote in 1944 that " the word ‘ fascism’ is almost entirely meaningless ... almost any english person would accept ‘ bully’ as a synonym for ‘ fascist’ " .
