it catalyzes the oxidative deamination of biogenic and xenobiotic amines and plays an important role in the metabolism of neuroactive and vasoactive amines in the central nervous system and peripheral tissues .
he is board certified in pediatrics/ endocrinology , metabolism and diabetes .
this size difference is thought to be due to higher atmospheric oxygen levels ( allowing diffusion through spiracles over greater distances ) and higher temperatures ( enhancing metabolism ) .
in other words , vinpocetine may help support brain functions such as concentration and memory by activating cerebral metabolism .
this enzyme participates in arachidonic acid metabolism .
many proteins are enzymes that catalyze biochemical reactions and are vital to metabolism .
like most animal tissues , brain metabolism depends primarily on glucose for fuel in most circumstances .
it has no documented side - effects and is a naturally occurring human metabolite known to be involved in insulin metabolism .
folic acid , a vitamin crucial for dna metabolism ( he did not know the significance of dna at that time ) , had been discovered by lucy wills , when she was working in india , in 1937 .
glucose metabolism by the brain is impaired in alzheimer 's disease , and it is proposed that ketone bodies may provide an alternative energy source .
lead also interferes with the normal metabolism of calcium in cells and causes it to build up within them .
endpoints investigated have included subchronic and chronic changes in metabolism , histopathology , and function of most systems ; reproductive effects ; growth ; teratogenicity ; and mutagenicity .
it has a specific role in lipid metabolism .
in contrast , typical " western " diets are said to be insufficient for long - term health , necessitating the use of megadose supplements of vitamins , dietary minerals , proteins , antioxidants , amino acids , ω-3 fatty acids , ω-6 fatty acids , medium chain triglycerides , dietary fiber , short and long chain fatty acids , lipotropes , systemic and digestive enzymes , other digestive factors , and prohormones to ward off hypothetical metabolism anomalies at an early stage , before they cause disease .
3-methylglutaconyl coa is an intermediate in the metabolism of leucine .
carbohydrate metabolism .
metabolism .
these proteins include blood clotting factors and in addition , enzymes and transporters involved with glucose , cholesterol , and fatty acid transport and metabolism .
in this setting it is relevant that impaired liver function is not a hazard with lorazepam since lorazepam does not require oxidation , hepatic or otherwise , for its metabolism .
this enzyme participates in sphingolipid metabolism .
furthermore , first - pass metabolism , which is biochemically selective , can destroy the pharmacological activity of a compound despite good druglikeness .
gludhs are ubiquitous enzymes that occupy an important branch - point between carbon and nitrogen metabolism .
sarcosine has no known toxicity , as evidenced by the lack of phenotypic manifestations of sarcosinemia , an inborn error of sarcosine metabolism .
considering the importance of nad+ in energy metabolism , dna repair and transcriptional regulation , maintaining intracellular nad+ reserves emerges as a major therapeutic target for the treatment of several age - related degenerative diseases , including alzheimer 's disease ( belenky et al . , 2007 ) .
biomagnification of pcp in the food chain is not thought to be significant due to the fairly rapid metabolism of the compound by exposed organisms .
he has served as an associate editor of " clinical and translational science " , and a member of the editorial boards of the " american journal of physiology : renal physiology " , the " american journal of physiology : endocrinology and metabolism " , the " journal of the american society of nephrology " , " kidney international " , and the " american journal of medicine " .
this enzyme participates in glutathione metabolism .
sometimes the use of a prodrug is unintentional , however , especially in the case of serendipitous drug discoveries , and the drug is only identified as a prodrug after extensive drug metabolism studies .
this enzyme participates in selenoamino acid metabolism .
however , if injured , his accelerated metabolism is capable of repairing itself many times faster than an ordinary human is capable of .
in excess , it both overstimulates metabolism and exacerbates the effect of the sympathetic nervous system , causing " speeding up " of various body systems and symptoms resembling an overdose of epinephrine ( adrenaline ) .
thus rxr is a common partner of two nuclear receptors acting in opposite directions with regard to fatty acid metabolism .
the image to the right is a summary of relationships between the storage quantity " q " , the forces " x , n " , and the outflows " j " , resistance " r " , conductivity " l " , time constants " t " , and transfer coefficients " k " of ecosystem metabolism .
the most important processes for converting the energy trapped in chemical substances into energy useful to sustain life are metabolism and cellular respiration .
this enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways : benzoate degradation via hydroxylation , carbazole degradation , and nitrogen metabolism .
they are produced from e.g. an incomplete metabolism of carbohydrates , fats , and proteins .
critics have pointed to research that indicates that because whey protein isolate is digested so quickly it may in fact enter the bloodstream and be converted into carbohydrates through a process called gluconeogenesis much more rapidly than was previously thought possible , so while amino acid concentrations increased with whey it was discovered that oxidation rates also increased and a steady - state metabolism , a process where there is no change in overall protein balance , is created .
the increase in antioxidant capacity of blood seen after consumption of anthocyanin - rich foods like açaí is not caused directly by the anthocyanins or other polyphenols , but most likely results from increased uric acid levels derived from polyphenol metabolism .
on the other hand , warmer climates impose the opposite problem : body heat generated by metabolism needs to be dissipated quickly rather than stored within .
this gene is associated with a kinase enzyme called g protein receptor kinase 3 , which appears to be involved in dopamine metabolism , and may provide a possible target for new drugs for bipolar disorder .
this division supports research related to liver and biliary diseases , pancreatic diseases , gastrointestinal diseases , including neuroendocrinology , motility , immunology , and digestion in the gi tract , nutrient metabolism , obesity , eating disorders , and energy regulation .
metabolism .
in the black - legged kittiwake ( which shares this winter habit ) resting metabolism is 40% higher on water than it is in air .
in summary , the first priority of metabolism during a prolonged fast is to provide enough glucose for the brain and other organs that dependent upon it for energy in order to spare proteins for other cellular functions .
without mrna , essential protein synthesis , and hence cell metabolism , grind to a halt and the cell dies .
admiral naismith of the dendarii was supposed to kill her to save her suffering at the hands of her new owners and save her a painful death when her metabolism failed , however when he realised that she was a human being despite her looks , he switched his mission to rescue her , a " damsel in distress " instead .
daily torpor , sometimes called temporary hibernation is a ( usually short - term ) state of decreased physiological activity in an animal , usually characterized by a reduced body temperature and rate of metabolism .
harvey 's " de motu cordis " in 1628 was the beginning of the end for galenic theory , and alongside santorio santorio 's studies of metabolism , it served as an influential model of quantitative approaches to physiology .
the production of methane is an important and widespread form of microbial metabolism .
waxy endosperm is inherently a defect in metabolism , and its low frequency in most maize populations in the face of recurring mutations indicates that it is acted against by natural selection .
this enzyme participates in inositol metabolism .
his mutant metabolism enabled him to do this on his own .
this enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism .
the cytochrome p450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol , steroids and other lipids .
living organisms undergo metabolism , maintain homeostasis , possess a capacity to grow , respond to stimuli , reproduce and , through natural selection , adapt to their environment in successive generations .
enzymes that are important in detoxification metabolism include cytochrome p450 oxidases , udp - glucuronosyltransferases , and glutathione " s "- transferases .
dpp-4 plays a major role in glucose metabolism .
he shared half of the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 1958 with george wells beadle for showing that genes control individual steps in metabolism .
a well - known example is methanol , which is only mildly toxic and minimally intoxicating , but when not competing with ethanol for metabolism , methanol breaks down into the substances formaldehyde and formic acid which in turn can cause blindness , an array of other health complications , and death .
drug metabolism is controlled by a number of specific enzymes , and the action of these enzymes varies among individuals .
this enzyme participates in porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism .
it is a coenzyme in many reactions , especially in the metabolism of amino acids and nucleic acids .
sir archibald edward garrod was an english physician who pioneered the field of inborn errors of metabolism .
other names in common use include met8p , sirc , and cysg. this enzyme participates in porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism .
community metabolism .
the services and specialties available at mch range from pediatric inpatient services ( medicine , surgery and all subspecialties ) , pediatric intensive care , neonatal intensive care , pediatric oncology , outpatient specialty clinics , emergency services specializing in the care of children , nutrition , metabolism and exercise program , developmental pediatrics & rehabilitation , integrated child & adolescent mental health and a comprehensive and collaborative child health research institute .
it can result from an inborn error of sarcosine metabolism , or from severe folate deficiency related to the folate requirement for the conversion of sarcosine to glycine .
metabolism is the set of chemical reactions that happen in living organisms to maintain life .
he was a major figure in the field of drug metabolism , the study of how drugs interact in the body and how they are absorbed .
metabolism of maltose by yeast during fermentation then leads to the production of ethanol and carbon dioxide .
this enzyme participates in methane metabolism .
secondary metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glycerolipid metabolism .
it is also attributed a minor role in activation of the phospholipase c pathway , growth hormone is required for normal postnatal growth , bone growth , regulatory effects on protein , carbohydrate , and lipid metabolism . although this is mainly a function of the gq alpha subunit .
this enzyme participates in starch and sucrose metabolism .
according to vainio 's interview in 2004 he took his next injection after the rotterdam marathon around july 10 and he was sure that this time period will be long enough to allow metabolism to take its effect and ensure him to give negative test at the olympics .
this enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism .
it catalyzes two reactions in the tryptophan metabolism pathway , and both can be traced back to serotonin .
she questions the premise that the metabolism of modern humans must be genetically adapted to the dietary conditions of the paleolithic .
such a functionality is needed because all organisms actually produce alcohol in small amounts by several pathways , primary amongst them fatty acid synthesis , glycerolipid metabolism , and bile acid biosynthesis .
many lactobacilli are unusual in that they operate using homofermentative metabolism ( that is , they produce only lactic acid from sugars in contrast to heterofermentative lactobacilli which can produce either alcohol or lactic acid from sugars ) and are aerotolerant despite the complete absence of a respiratory chain .
carbohydrate metabolism .
the only other obstacle to a wider dissemination of pet - ct is the difficulty and cost of producing and transporting the radiopharmaceuticals used for pet imaging , which are usually extremely short - lived ( for instance , the half life of radioactive fluor18 used to trace glucose metabolism ( using fluorodeoxyglucose , fdg ) is two hours only .
microbiota alteration changes carbohydrate metabolism with decreased short - chain fatty acid absorption and an osmotic diarrhea as a result .
both energy metabolism and body temperature increases are observed in humans following extracted capsinoids or ch-19 sweet administration .
it is possible that " w. mirabilis " uses crassulacean acid metabolism ( cam ) photosynthesis ; if this were true , w. mirabilis would be the only known gymnosperm to do so .
fatty acid metabolism .
thioinosinic acid is an intermediate in the metabolism of azathioprine .
first used as an exploration and comparison modeling tool by abel wolman in " the metabolism of cities " .
allopurinol is used in dogs with altered purine metabolism to prevent the formation of uric acid .
lipidomic profiling was also used to study the effect of rosiglitazone , a pparγ agonist , on lipid metabolism on mice .
he developed an increasing interest in chemical pathology , and investigated urine chemistry as a reflection of systemic metabolism and disease .
the metabolism of paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) to the hepatotoxic metabolite napqi via the cytochrome p450 oxidase system .
in addition to its effects on protein metabolism , some studies demonstrated a major role for added leucine and leucine metabolites ( hmb , β-hydroxy butyrate bhb , β-hydroxy methyl glutarate hmg ) in modulating the immunocompetence cells , especially of lymphocyte activity .
this enzyme participates in glycine , serine and threonine metabolism and lysine biosynthesis .
the reactions in these pathways are of particular interest in medicine as part of drug metabolism and as a factor contributing to multidrug resistance in infectious diseases and cancer chemotherapy .
most antidepressants will restrain the metabolism of serotonin or norepinephrine or both .
ugt2b7 is the major enzyme isoform for the metabolism of morphine to the main metabolites , morphine-3-glucuronide ( m3 g ) and morphine-6-glucuronide ( m6 g ) .
vitamin a may be needed for normal haematopoiesis ; deficiency causes abnormalities in iron metabolism .
this enzyme participates in butanoate metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glycine , serine and threonine metabolism .
ulipristal acetate should not be taken by women with severe liver diseases because of its cyp mediated metabolism .
he published work on skin pigmentation , cysteine metabolism and the carcinogenic nature of benzol and many many more .
disorders of glycogen metabolism .
his accelerated metabolism increases his tolerance to drugs , meaning a larger dose is needed to cause the usual effect , and he can recover from the effects rapidly .
this enzyme participates in androgen and estrogen metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism .
because of the differences in the metabolic pathways of nad biosynthesis between organisms , such as between bacteria and humans , this area of metabolism is a promising area for the development of new antibiotics .
this enzyme participates in d - glutamine and d - glutamate metabolism .
notable effects of adrenaline and noradrenaline include increased heart rate and blood pressure , blood vessel constriction in the skin and gastrointestinal tract , blood vessel dilation in skeletal muscles , bronchiole dilation , and decreased metabolism , all of which are characteristic of the fight - or - flight response .
metabolism occurs mainly in the liver by cytochrome p450 enzymes cyp2c9 , cyp2c19 , and cyp3a4 .
oxidation randomly damages rnas , each attack would bring problem to the normal cellular metabolism .
this enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glycine , serine and threonine metabolism .
metabolism of methohexital is primarily hepatic ( i.e. , taking place in the liver ) via demethylation and oxidation .
when administered concomitantly with drugs that inhibit cyp3a4 , such as ketoconazole , the metabolism of solifenacin is impaired , leading to an increase in its concentration in the body and a reduction in its excretion .
spermine is a polyamine involved in cellular metabolism found in all eukaryotic cells .
in the metabolism of porphyrin , the enzyme uroporphyrinogen iii decarboxylase generates " coproporphyrinogen iii " from uroporphyrinogen iii , and coproporphyrinogen iii oxidase converts it into protoporphyrinogen ix .
pinoline is a methoxylated tryptoline that occurs in the pineal gland during the metabolism of melatonin .
this enzyme participates in pyrimidine metabolism .
the variations in cerebral metabolism in chronic pvs patients indicate that some cerebral regions can retain partial function in catastrophically injured brains ( schiff et al . , 2002 ) .
european studies show that selective imidazoline agonists , such as moxonidine and rilmenidine , are reasonably effective against hypertension while improving glucose tolerance and lipid metabolism .
diseases of anaplerotic metabolism .
this enzyme participates in 3 metabolic pathways : nucleotide sugars metabolism , streptomycin biosynthesis , and polyketide sugar unit biosynthesis .
during the latent infection , the metabolism of the host cell is disrupted .
this enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism .
impaired glucose metabolism and obesity have been shown to be constituents of the metabolic syndrome and may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease .
birds , again due to their smaller size and more rapid metabolism , are even more susceptible to its toxic effects .
this enzyme participates in galactose metabolism .
in the most recent experiment , which was conducted in normandy ( france ) , two monks from the buddhist tradition wore sensors that recorded changes in heat production and metabolism ( cromie , 2002 ) .
one of the most important features of the davenport diagram is its usefulness in depicting movement from one point on the equilibrium surface to another following changes in respiration and/or metabolism .
this enzyme participates in tyrosine metabolism .
figure 1 is a clear picture of where " n- acetylserotonin o - methyltransferase " is used during tryptophan metabolism ( see two locations of enzyme number 2.1.1.4 ) .
there is also a suggestion that it can increase endurance in exercise by improving fat metabolism .
this enzyme participates in porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism .
this enzyme participates in ascorbate and aldarate metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism .
the neurons in heterotopia appear to be normal , except for their mislocation ; nuclear studies have shown glucose metabolism equal to that of normally positioned gray matter .
metabolism .
the 2 ' hydroxyl group ( —oh ) in normal glucose is needed for further glycolysis ( metabolism of glucose by splitting it ) , but fdg is missing this 2 ' hydroxyl .
" the energy - requiring part of metabolism in which simpler substances are transformed into more complex ones\ , as in growth and other biosynthetic processes . "
this form of metabolism evolved early , and it is even possible that the first free - living organism was a methanogen .
computer models have been constructed to model human metabolism , to study plaque build - up and cardiovascular risk , and to evaluate toxicity of drugs , tasks for which animals are also used .
metabolism .
furthermore , the altered glycolysis metabolism in some cancer cells leads to low oxygen ( hypoxia ) .
beutler also developed an early interest in iron metabolism , prompted by his clinical observation of the rapid symptomatic improvement of iron deficient patients treated with iron : an improvement that preceded any major hematologic change , and showed that numerous enzymes were sensitive to iron deficiency .
thus , in different models of epilepsy , researchers have had differing results as to whether or not metabolism and perfusion become uncoupled .
this enzyme participates in glyoxylate and dicarboxylate metabolism .
the first diplomonad to have its genome sequenced was a " giardia " isolate ( wb ) and the 11.7 million basepair genome is compact in structure and content with simplified basic cellular machineries and metabolism .
introduction to galactose metabolism .
metabolism of fat produces about 107.1 grams of water per 100 grams , protein 41.3 grams , and starch 55.1 g.
park et al.have found that rifampin increases gliclazide metabolism in humans in vivo .
this enzyme participates in ascorbate and aldarate metabolism .
this receptor has been suggested to be important for the metabolism of apoprotein - e - containing triacylglycerol - rich lipoproteins , such as very - low - density - lipoprotein ( vldl ) , beta - migrating vldl and intermediate - density lipoprotein .
ceramide thus acts as an intermediary signal that connects the external signal to the internal metabolism of the cells .
although alligators have a heavy body and a slow metabolism , they are capable of short bursts of speed , especially in very short lunges .
in this case , " haemophilus " colonies will frequently grow in small " satellite " colonies around the larger " staphylococcus " colonies because the metabolism of " staphylococcus " produces the necessary blood factor by - products required for " haemophilus " growth .
in vitro studies have shown that cyp2d6 and cyp3a4 are involved in galantamine metabolism .
at the center of the sun , fusion power is estimated by model to be about 276.5 watts / m3 , a power production density which more nearly approximates reptile metabolism than a thermonuclear bomb .
metabolism .
it has a high first - pass metabolism , which results in a poor bioavailability when taken orally .
by the mid-1960s , the intellectual core of molecular biology — a model for the molecular basis of metabolism and reproduction— was largely complete .
hence , enzyme induction by drug a would increase the effectiveness of the drug b by increasing its metabolism to its active form .
in addition to metabolism , the coronary circulation possesses unique pharmacologic characteristics .
metabolism of sucrose .
qualitative metabolites are defined as toxins that interfere with an herbivore ’s metabolism , often by blocking specific biochemical reactions .
the low body temperature results in a slower metabolism .
when the cell is slightly damaged , it begins to form the phase of metabolism stimulation .
it is also noteworthy that the mitochondrion , the small membrane - bound intracellular organelle that is the site of eukaryotic energy metabolism , arose from the endosymbiosis of a bacterium related to obligate intracellular " rickettsia " , and also to plant - associated " rhizobium " or " agrobacterium " .
this enzyme participates in purine metabolism .
in a person with normal metabolism , the elevated blood glucose level will cause the beta ( β ) cells of the islets of langerhans located in the pancreas to release insulin ( " postprandial " ) .
atp - derived hydrogen ions are primarily responsible for the decrease in ph. during intense exercise , aerobic metabolism can not produce atp quickly enough to supply the demands of the muscle .
these two types , along with gilbert 's syndrome , dubin - johnson syndrome , and rotor syndrome , make up the five known hereditary defects in bilirubin metabolism .
also controls metabolism in our body system .
this enzyme participates in pyruvate metabolism .
although not clinically significant , pioglitazone decreases the level of triglycerides and increases that of high - density lipoproteins ( hdl ) without changing low - density lipoproteins ( ldl ) and total cholesterol in patients with disorders of lipid metabolism , although statins are the drug of choice for this .
3-hydroxyisobutyric acid ( or 3-hydroxy-2-methylpropanoic acid ) is an intermediate in the metabolism of valine .
it is created from acetyl - coa by thiolase , and it is acted upon by hmg - coa synthase to form hmg - coa. ( during the metabolism of leucine , this last reaction is reversed . )
the dead box helicases are involved in various aspects of rna metabolism , including nuclear transcription , pre mrna splicing , ribosome biogenesis , nucleocytoplasmic transport , translation , rna decay and organellar gene expression .
these liver cells have the ability to metabolize , detoxify , and inactivate exogenous compounds such as drugs , ( drug metabolism ) , and insecticides , and endogenous compounds such as steroids .
this enzyme participates in selenoamino acid metabolism .
mg2 + is the fourth most abundant metal ion in cells ( in moles ) and the most abundant free divalent cation — as a result it is deeply and intrinsically woven into cellular metabolism .
the body wants to stay at a " set - point " weight and , to establish that , slows the metabolism and hangs on to fat .
this enzyme participates in androgen and estrogen metabolism .
the asbmr encourages and promotes the study of this expanding field through annual scientific meetings , an official journal ( " journal of bone and mineral research " ) , the " primer on the metabolic bone diseases and disorders of mineral metabolism " , advocacy and interaction with government agencies and related societies .
the conjugation of xenobiotic molecules with hydrophilic molecular species such as glucuronic acid is known as phase ii metabolism .
this enzyme participates in sulfur metabolism .
its metabolism slows and it becomes less active to survive in an environment with less food .
nitrogen metabolism and antibiotic resistance .
the draft horse ’s metabolism is often similar to that of ponies in that draft horses have lower needs per bodyweight than light horse breeds , but because of their size , most are fed a significant amount of feed and hay per day .
jbmr ’s " impact factor is a healthy 6.527 and is ranked thirteenth out of 87 journals in the endocrinology and metabolism categories .
the glycerol component can be converted to glucose by the liver and provides energy for cellular metabolism .
metabolism .
the calcitonin receptor ( ct ) is a g protein - coupled receptor that binds the peptide hormone calcitonin and is involved in maintenance of calcium homeostasis , particularly with respect to bone formation and metabolism .
this enzyme participates in sulfur metabolism .
there is some evidence that the autonomic nervous system can alter liver glucose metabolism independently of the counterregulatory hormones .
this enzyme participates in tryptophan metabolism .
2 . holtum j. a. m & winter k 1999 degrees of crassulacean acid metabolism in tropical epiphytic and lithophytic ferns .
the only slight difference was in the cells ' metabolism .
university of queensland researchers have discovered that their cell metabolism changes during a dormancy period , allowing the frogs to maximize the use of their limited energy resources without ever emptying .
many organisms consist of modules , both anatomically and in their metabolism .
retinol absorption and metabolism depends on lipocalins that act as binding proteins .
in animal studies , piperine also inhibited other enzymes important in drug metabolism .
since there is visible bioluminescence in many bacteria and other cells it can be inferred that the ( extremely small ) number of photons in ultra - weak bioluminescence is a random by - product of cellular metabolism .
while all carabid beetles have this sort of arrangement , in some cases hydrogen peroxide , which is a common by - product of the metabolism of cells , is mixed in with the hydroquinone , and some of the catalases that exist in most cells makes the process more efficient .
like many other genetic disorders that affect lipid metabolism , there are several forms of mld , which are late infantile , juvenile , and adult .
tyrosinemia type i , an inherited disorder in tyrosine metabolism impacting the second enzyme in the heme metabolic pathway is associated with a high risk of developing hcc in younger populations , including children .
the journal publishes studies on all aspects of medicinal chemistry : organic synthesis ; biological behavior ; pharmacological activity ; drug design ; qsar ; molecular modeling ; drug - receptor interactions ; molecular aspects of drug metabolism ; prodrug synthesis and drug targeting .
the area postrema ’s position outside of the blood - brain barrier makes this particular region of the medulla a key player in the autonomic control of various physiological systems , including the cardiovascular system and the systems controlling feeding and metabolism .
the cytochrome p450 proteins are monooxygenases which catalyze many reactions involved in drug metabolism and synthesis of cholesterol , steroids and other lipids .
this led to the theory that there were several eukaryotic protein kinases present required for secondary metabolism .
clinics in endocrinology and metabolism .
this balance is maintained for the most part by chemical processes in the body to sustain aerobic metabolism and life .
the iron - responsive element binding proteins , also known as ire - bp and irbp , bind to iron responsive elements ( ires ) in the regulation of human iron metabolism .
it has been connected to hiv infection , leukemias , myelomas , solid tumors , type ii diabetes mellitus and bone metabolism , as well as some genetically determined conditions .
this enzyme participates in ascorbate and aldarate metabolism .
very little data exists about the pharmacological properties , metabolism , and toxicity of eme .
metabolism .
this enzyme participates in c21-steroid hormone metabolism .
he had initial difficulty convincing several world experts of the time ( drs denny brown and cumings ) of its efficacy , as they held that wilson 's disease was not primarily a problem of copper homeostasis but of amino acid metabolism , and that dimercaprol should be used as a chelator .
the metabolism of fructose at this point yields intermediates in gluconeogenic pathway leading to glycogen synthesis , or can be oxidized to pyruvate and reduced to lactate , or be decarboxylated to acetyl coa in the mitochondria and directed toward the synthesis of free fatty acid , resulting finally in tg synthesis .
epoxide hydrolase ( also known as epoxide hydratase ) functions in detoxication during drug metabolism .
in 1991 , the ftc charged that two corporations led by jeffrey bland ( healthcomm and nu - day enterprises ) had falsely claimed that their diet program could cause weight loss by changing consumers ' metabolism and cause them to lose weight without exercising so that fat is lost as body heat instead of being stored .
ampk also plays an important role in lipid metabolism in the liver .
for example , when studying the metabolism of benthic organisms , it is the specific bottom layer concentration of available chemicals in the water column that is meaningful , rather than the average value of those chemicals throughout the water column .
biosynthesis / metabolism .
the name " glucocorticoid " derives from early observations that these hormones were involved in glucose metabolism .
second , unless the specimen is drawn into a fluoride tube or processed immediately to separate the serum or plasma from the cells , the measurable glucose will be gradually lowered by " in vitro " metabolism of the glucose at a rate of approximately 7 mg / dl / hr , or even more in the presence of leukocytosis .
plant toxins are also a risk to grazing animals ; for instance , fluoracetate , found in some african and australian plants , kills by disrupting the cellular metabolism .
acetogens can use a variety of compounds as sources of energy and carbon ; the best studied form of acetogenic metabolism involves the use of carbon dioxide as a carbon source and hydrogen as an energy source .
fructose metabolism .
while all genera within the archaeoglobaceae are related to each other phylogenetically , the mode of metabolism used by each of these organisms is unique . "
his studies of silicon metabolism often involved growing diatoms of various species in different concentrations of silicon and then studying the effect on specific metabolic pathways .
they are involved in the detoxification of alcohol - derived acetaldehyde and in the metabolism of corticosteroids , biogenic amines , neurotransmitters , and lipid peroxidation .
breath tests have been developed to test for bacterial overgrowth , based on bacterial metabolism of carbohydrates to hydrogen , or based on the detection of by - products of digestion of carbohydrates that are not usually metabolized .
" spiroplasma " shares the simple metabolism , parasitic lifestyle , fried - egg colony morphology and small genome of other " mollicutes " , but has a distinctive helical morphology , unlike " mycoplasma " .
the results of this study showed that these proteins ( p68,srmb , mss116 , vasa , pl10 , mammalian eif4a , yeast eif4a ) involved in rna metabolism had several common elements .
vitamin d metabolism is complex because the provitamin can be formed in the skin by ultraviolet irradiation or obtained from the diet .
reserves are synthesised from environmental substrates ( food ) for use by the metabolism for the purpose of somatic maintenance ( including protein turnover , maintenance of concentration gradients across membranes , activity and other types of work ) , growth ( increase of structural mass ) , maturity maintenance ( installation of regulation systems , preparation for reproduction , maintenance of defence systems , such as the immune system ) , maturation ( increase of the state of maturity ) and reproduction .
polyprenols also play a vital role in cell metabolism .
like a reptile , he has cold - blooded characteristics and is therefore sensitive to drops in temperature ; a sufficiently cold environment will cause his metabolism to slow drastically and become dormant if he is exposed to cold temperatures for too long .
even without dietary intake , theobromine may occur in the body as it is a product of the human metabolism of caffeine , which is metabolised in the liver into 10% theobromine , 4% theophylline , and 80% paraxanthine .
the ire is found in utrs ( untranslated regions ) of various mrnas whose products are involved in iron metabolism .
this enzyme participates in glycerolipid metabolism .
" rna " is a peer - reviewed scientific journal that focuses on all aspects of rna molecules ; both their structures , metabolism , functions and evolution .
studies done in rats have shown that consuming sulphorane at levels provided by a normal diet containing broccoli have beneficial impacts on carcinogen metabolism .
this enzyme participates in urea cycle and metabolism of amino groups .
this enzyme participates in porphyrin and chlorophyll metabolism .
this enzyme participates in nitrogen metabolism .
this universal ancestral cell was prokaryotic and probably a methanogen that had extensive amino acid , nucleotide , carbohydrate and lipid metabolism .
nutriomics is an omics study for nutrition and energy metabolism related genes and proteins .
in the metabolism of porphyrin , the enzyme uroporphyrinogen iii decarboxylase generates coproporphyrinogen iii from uroporphyrinogen iii , and coproporphyrinogen iii oxidase converts it into protoporphyrinogen ix .
the structure was determined by x - ray crystallography to 2.1 angstrom resolution and was seen to crystallize as a homotetramer.[2 ] kam was first purified and characterized in " clostridium subterminale " for studies of lysine metabolism .
holmium plays no biological role in humans , but may be able to stimulate metabolism .
in the field of physiology he published articles on metabolism of urea with the aid of nathan zuntz ( 1847 - 1920 ) .
