" some men , he says , were dragged to death , while " those who did these things , mimicked the sufferers , like people employed in the representation of theatrical farces " .
haemophilia a can be mimicked by von willebrand disease .
their effects are mimicked by the pharmacological agent , thapsigargin , which is sometimes used in fluid secretion assays when a kinin is not available .
this accomplishment was mimicked in other organizations : jose de jesús , josé ruíz matos , john john molina and héctor camacho did it in their respective divisions in the world boxing organization ( wbo ) , while ángel almena was the first pugilist to win the international boxing organization 's super flyweight title .
she controls her armor through a control interface system which allows her movements to be directly mimicked by her armor , thus taking advantage of her athletic abilities .
it was mimicked as if the direction of the sound were moving : it sounded as if the shaman had flown around in the tent and left .
in the alternate ending , a " thing " which has mimicked one of the sled dogs looks back at the burning camp at dawn before continuing on into the antarctic wilderness .
the self - promotional diy approach has since been mimicked by other underground rappers such as mickey factz , kid cudi and charles hamilton , albeit slightly more successfully .
buerger ’s disease can be mimicked by a wide variety of other diseases that cause diminished blood flow to the extremities .
the album cover was designed in the colors of the nation ’s flag ( black , red , and gold ) , a move that was mimicked by the turkish hip hop group cartel .
as member of the group labor for refugees , robertson fought in 2002 to overturn the labor party 's policy on asylum seekers , which mimicked the policy of the howard government at the time .
missouri was torn by internal conflict that mimicked in miniature the larger war that was convulsing the nation ; maryland was kept in the union by jailing many of the opposition faction ; and kentucky tried to keep the peace by proclaiming its neutrality , whereby it would aid neither the north nor the south if they would agree to leave the state alone .
the fleet air arm museum has subsequently mimicked the ship 's island and flight deck in its central hall as an " aircraft carrier experience " exhibition .
( it is this latter aspect of the sound of the voice that can be mimicked by skilled performers . )
that building deliberately mimicked the appearance of the temple of thesæus in athens , and wilds designed st mary the virgin as a replica of another ancient greek edifice , the temple of nemesis .
after the band had walked offstage , in a move described by " nme " as the most meaningful of the concert , the audience faced the troops in the stadium and broke into a spontaneous round of applause , which quickly turned into an ovation , an act which the soldiers mimicked in turn .
in a campaign that curiously mimicked skleros ' revolt a decade earlier , phokas proclaimed himself emperor and overran most of asia minor . "
not only did hebb 's model for the working of the mind influence how psychologists understood the processing of stimuli within the mind but also it opened up the way for the creation of computational machines that mimicked the biological processes of a living nervous system .
in this study a number of volunteers mimicked illnesses ( pretending to hear a voice in their head that simply said " thud " ) to obtain admission to hospital and then subsequently behaved normally .
these mimicked an earlier railroad telegraph convention where short , two - letter identifiers served as morse code abbreviations to denote the various individual stations on the line ( for instance , " ax " could represent halifax ) . ' n ' and two letters would identify us navy ; ' m ' and two letters would be a marconi station .
the show mimicked the controversy that had resulted when the character j. r. ewing was shot on the series " dallas " in the episode titled " a house divided " , known by most as " who shot j.r. ? " .
since the original macintosh super bowl commercial in 1984 , which mimicked imagery from george orwell 's " 1984 " , apple has maintained a style of homage to contemporary visual art in many of its more famous ad campaigns .
many icelanders were themselves encouraged to learn the craft of masonry during the stone construction boom period , leading to the building of many stone houses which mimicked the design of icelandic turf houses .
in fact , the key here is that the model actually " benefits " from being mimicked , because it can share the troublesome burden of enlightening the predator of its harmful properties .
on margaret 's show , 3 march 2008 with two boxes remaining - 1p and £ 20,000 the banker can be heard screaming " 1p ! " down the phone , and , on 4 march 2008 in steve 's game , the banker mimicked his wife 's " rabbish ! ! " ( originally meaning rubbish ) saying , which was heard clearly .
one of the passages in the letter revolves around a serial necrophiliac and murderer named raymond andrew joubert making his way through maine ; it turns out he was the space cowboy , confirmed when jessie confronted him in a court hearing and joubert mimicked jessie 's arm positions while she was in the handcuffs .
it has been mimicked in a number of japanese adult anime movies , as well as having dozens of on - line reviews and a long - running ( now defunct ) adult website dedicated to it and similar movies .
the giants mimicked the cubs in the bottom of the first when thompson walked , went to third on a clark single , and scored on a kevin mitchell ground out .
one of these tab commercials was mimicked in the " family guy " episode " the tan aquatic with steve zissou . "
it is believed that cowboy created the term while teasing a friend who had just joined the u.s. army , by scat singing the words " hip / hop / hip / hop " in a way that mimicked the rhythmic cadence of marching soldiers .
front end styling for the ' 63 models mimicked the big galaxie models , but the rear end retained the small tailfins and " pieplate " taillamp styling cues .
some would say that oregon chai defined the taste of chai to westernized markets because they were the first to produce this type of sweet , milk - based chai that is now very popular and has since been mimicked by various other companies , although oregon chai still controls over 60% of the chai tea market share .
he contends that the dutch system of pillarization , in which catholics and protestants developed their own religious schools , associations and political parties , was mimicked in indonesia to a striking degree .
the effective slashing of clubs from the first grade rugby league competition was mimicked in the slashing of crowd figures as fans became disgruntled by the club they had supported for many years being torn apart .
crawford logan as paul temple and gerda stevenson as steve effectively mimicked their earlier incarnations in a mono production employing vintage microphones and sound effects .
other teams mimicked the idea and the " lines of three " quickly became , and still is , the norm .
in the 1830s hoop trundling was seen as an activity so characteristic of the young that it was adopted by a fanatic sect in kentucky whose members mimicked children 's activities in order to gain access to heaven .
the children 's discovery system was targeted toward children aged 6 to 11 and mimicked the look of a contemporary consumer - grade computer .
though miami won the 2002 bcs national championship and played in the 2003 national championship game , the 2007 miami team has not mimicked their successful predecessors .
this is also used by poppa and mimicked by pearl .
the music video was inspired by madonna 's admiration of marilyn monroe and mimicked the later 's performance of the song " diamonds are a girl 's best friend " from the 1953 film " gentlemen prefer blondes " .
the condition can be mimicked by a ruptured cyst of the pericardium , ruptured aortic aneurysm and acute coronary syndrome .
naffah mimicked the songs’ percussion parts until he mastered more and more complex combinations and beats .
in " shadowboxing " , peter is shown constantly using the healing ability mimicked from jeremy to stabilize dying patients at accident sites and the er .
( this mimicked the 1961 aerodynamics of the similar - looking but significantly different il-62 . )
fowler just laughed at the failure of milsom 's scheme , and mimicked his partner 's protesting of the verdict .
he also mimicked footage from talking heads original video for " once in a lifetime " .
when xavier tested that drug , he was given powers that mimicked wolverine 's , including claws , enhanced senses and a healing factor .
taylor mimicked their accent in the song , which features a child begging his father to take him to different places and buy these treats .
the helen doron method provided an english - speaking environment that successfully mimicked the natural process of mother tongue learning .
this piece also mimicked the death of dante 's love in his autobiographical work , vita nuova .
however , their prank is apparently mimicked by an unseen entity , and the five decide to move on upon harrys instructions to " leg it " .
the single issue mimicked " the deadly hands of kung fu " magazine 's format in almost every way except it did not contain any comic book elements , but instead instructional features by frank mclaughlin .
the cars were easily recognizable by their uniquely styled rounded - triangle shaped headlights and parking lights , which mimicked the shape of hudson 's triangle logo .
the only time when rocket hasn't presented was when he took on tubes ( in which tubes won and the rest of the crew jokingly mimicked the normal crowd)instead trev dressed in a battenburg costume took his place
pander ( also a new addition to the cast ) and robo - z gold are the only hidden characters that have a unique dance style , other hidden characters merely mimicked other characters ' dance moves .
indeed , when jagdish chandra was later detained during india 's freeom struggle , kamalshri suffered immensely being alone with her small children -- an irony that mimicked jagdish chandra 's own childhood .
as well as being basic - compatible , though , it also mimicked the machine code entry points in the zx interface 1 - the so - called " hook codes " .
the amstrad cpc version mimicked the three - button control of the original by combining the joystick control with the cursor keys .
like the tigers ( " danaus " spp ) , the crows are inedible and thus mimicked by other indian butterflies ( see batesian mimicry ) .
joshua garrison mimicked chan 's " political pseudo - documentary style " in his " virginia tech massacre " , a controversial " halo 3"–based re - enactment and explanation of the eponymous real - life events .
the ecstasy of martyrdom is mimicked by the ecstasy of sex .
because he mimicked tendou , souji possesses the dark kabuto zecter , a zecter that mirrors the kabuto zecter .
his ideas for marketing the met 's gift shops and collectible reproductions have been mimicked by other museums and nonprofit institutions worldwide .
the season 's schedule mimicked the wsc format .
unable to afford a new body , lincoln stylists attempted to disguise this fact with a lincoln - esque grille and wheels , along with a " humped " trunk lid that mimicked the spare tire bulge of the continental mark coupe .
initially a more unique design , later ships produced also mimicked the " galaxy "- class secondary hull and deflector .
it featured an art style and presentation that mimicked european rpgs .
in the middle of the fight , ace distracted king crab by assuming a sumo wrestler - type of stance to which king crab mimicked , then ace charged forward and beat down king crab .
in game engines such as " cube " , room - over - room can be mimicked using 3d models .
the sdp endorsed the idea of a " führer " and mimicked nazi methods with banners , slogans , and uniformed troops .
prince michael soutzos left the city and ordered its defense by the remaining garrison of albanians , but disagreements over payment owed led the troops themselves to discard the place ; the city soon fell to widespread disorder and the brief rule of beggars and vagabonds ( who apparently mimicked a coronation ceremony ) — this episode was ended by the violent intervention of ottoman troops stationed in the vicinity , and ultimately led to soutzos ' deposition .
besides gleefully recounting the unpleasant details of the stories , the characters squabbled with one another , unleashed an arsenal of puns and even insulted and taunted the readers : " greetings , boils and ghouls ... " this irreverent mockery of the audience also became the trademark attitude of " mad " , and such glib give - and - take was later mimicked by many , including stan lee at marvel comics .
these modified dnas mimicked the behavior of natural dna in the absence of stabilizing factors as salts , proteins , and medium factors .
capability monitoring usually refers to synthetic transactions where user activity is mimicked by a special software program , and the responses received are checked for correctness .
ellsworth then began designing computer circuits that mimicked the behavior of her first computer , the commodore 64 .
the rough , demanding , course even included a railroad track crossing and mimicked monaco , with a tunnel on the main straight .
the trx was intended to cash in on the 90 's craze for big twin sportsbikes of the type first made popular by ducati , and mimicked in that decade by honda and suzuki .
instead , after his marriage to the daughter of rabbi dovid dov kreuzer ( a talmudist from klutsk ) , reb leib opted to create a yeshiva and kollel that mimicked the pre - war european mir .
a 17th century reconstruction consisted of a probably equally tall structure , but one suited toward 17th century living and whose upper story footprints mimicked the lower course .
the split - ring resonator mimicked an lc oscillator which generated waves with frequency ωlc = ( lc)−1/2 .
jennifer gentle mimicked the influence of 60s psychedelic rock icon syd barrett ( pink floyd ) , and recorded their first album " i am you are " in their own basement ( silly boy entertainment 2001 ) .
in the time immediately following the advertisement , it was usually said in a manner which mimicked the advertisement , but today is usually spoken with a casual , slightly stern tone .
in the early united states , the dress of judges and practicing lawyers strongly mimicked british court dress of the 18th century : both wore white powdered wigs and ( typically ) black robes in the lower courts and in the higher ones judges would wear red with black markings .
on july 28 , 1986 , wylf became wzsh , " wish 95 , " moving from adult standards to soft adult contemporary with a format that mimicked lerner 's successful wssh in the boston market .
mr. kunert created the show ’s frightening ambiance , developed the oft - mimicked visual and musical style and streamlined the show ’s editing process where on a weekly basis , over 250 hours of contestant generated video was edited into 45-minute episodes .
there are also corner pillars and stone supports which mimicked wood supports of a wood pagoda .
this technique can be employed with any film camera and can be somewhat mimicked with digital software as well .
colors vary from black to yellow , depending on the mimicked ant species .
the practice has also been mimicked in online video games .
it mimicked the american fashion for giant tailfins , wrap - around windows and whitewall tyres but in an understated way compared to the cadillacs and buicks of the time .
the " x - sentinels " created by steven lang mimicked the appearances and powers of specific members of the original team of x - men , causing confusion among the new x - men until wolverine sensed their true nature and ripped the robot double of jean grey to shreds .
record labels feverishly rushed out whole albums of music to monkey or limbo by , or else mimicked the discothèque effect by assembling compilations of everything from the foxtrot to the boogaloo .
as american business people of the second industrial revolution created sprawling industrial towns and cities in the northeast , the growing upper class of the gilded age mimicked the high society of their former mother country in dress , morality , and mannerisms .
life after liftoff , a band based out of dayton , ohio , have been the first to not only copy the music genre played by national act angels and airwaves , but they have also mimicked the exact style and graphic concepts of the band .
the early street names of kensington also bore this out as they mimicked the titles of the crown ; king street ( now beach ) , queen street ( now richmond ) , prince street ( now girard avenue ) and duke street ( now thompson ) , etc .
" iwsb " mimicked television baseball coverage by showing the batter from a modified " center field " camera , the baserunners in corner insets and defensive plays from a camera behind the batter .
to create a fuller look , eyebrows can be cloned in an eyebrow transplant , wherein individual strands of the eyebrow are mimicked to create a natural looking eyebrow of the desired shape .
the 1905 also mimicked the 1893s sling arrangement by having a slot in the buttstock for attaching a sling .
the lhs 's leather mimicked the gathered style of its cloth seats , and projected a more expensive look than the new yorker 's more traditionally styled leather .
stu cook played a gut bass and doug clifford strummed a washboard , which mimicked the appearance the band as they appear on the album cover .
these artifacts often mimicked a " digital chirp " during the quiet portions of the song or when there was only speaking .
much like the italy 's own spaghetti westerns , the euro war film mimicked the success of american films such as " the dirty dozen " and " where eagles dare " .
podge and rodge have mimicked foster and allen .
as one of the most recognisable guinness advertisements of the 1990s , " anticipation " has been mimicked or parodied in a number of more recent guinness campaigns , including the irish " waiting " spot in 2004 promoting cans of guinness draught beer , and the british " eskimo " commercial , which was part of an extended campaign promoting guinness extra cold in summer 2004 and 2005 .
the ability of market trackers to store and quickly recall historical data should be mimicked by the u.s. government ... "
on the other hand , poole sees the " dixie " car horn , mimicked by white southerners , as another example of the song 's role as a symbol of " working - class revolt " .
it was presumed that a mechanical device that mimicked that movement would catch the eyes of approaching motorists and give an unmistakable warning .
thus , manipulating the endogenous levels of this gas evokes specific physiological changes ; ( v ) functions of this endogenous gas can be mimicked by its exogenously applied counterpart ; ( vi ) its cellular effects may or may not be mediated by second messengers , but should have specific cellular and molecular targets .
frequently named after the ethnic group that was characterized in the lyrics , these humorous songs were often accompanied by non - orchestral , “ ethnic ” instruments , such as rattles , tambourines , bagpipes , and gourds , while the lyrics mimicked the speech patterns of these groups .
the tradition of wearing a representative symbol on the chest was mimicked by many subsequent superheroes , including batman , spider - man , fantastic four , green lantern , the flash and many others .
it seems to have been the first new model for which george himself had been principally responsible , though here too he had less than a totally free hand , having reluctantly agreed to a requirement from fellow directors to incorporate a side - valve engine because that mimicked the engine design competitor manufacturers were using at the time .
initially , roll leaf mimicked authentic gold and silver leaf .
jeff goldman , the visual effects supervisor , stated " early in the sequence , we mimicked the actual behavior of the fish in our animation , but as the scene plays out , the fish are a counterpoint to steve carell 's comedic timing . "
also , the form of the solution of models based on the poisson process often provides insight into the form of the solution to a queueing problem whose detailed behavior is poorly mimicked .
just as shredder was ordering stockman ( who was now just a head attached to a robot spider body and under shredder 's control ) to activate the device , the turtles ' friend the fugitoid mimicked shredder 's voice and released him , who then shocked the shredder before departing .
charles was extremely discontent at the loss of spain , and as a result , he mimicked the staid spanish habsburg court ceremonial , adopting the dress of a spanish monarch , which , according to british historian edward crankshaw , consisted of " a black doublet and hose , black shoes and scarlet stockings " .
though at times his songs mimicked a given raga 's melody and rhythm faithfully , he also blended elements of different ragas to create innovative works .
peter leaves once he mimicked jeremy 's healing touch , but noah stays to assure jeremy will get the help he needs , mainly because noah feels he let jeremy down in the past .
her life at home also mimicked her life at school , where she was also abused and tormented by her peers .
kiefer began his career as a photographer with performances in which he mimicked the nazi salute calling for germans to remember and to acknowledge the loss to their culture through the mad xenophobia of the third reich .
not only would the guerrilla tactics and organisation of the issarak forces be mimicked by the communist forces during the cambodian civil war , but many later communists were first introduced to the concepts of marxist - leninism whilst involved with the issaraks .
in january 1998 gascoigne again courted controversy after he mimicked playing a flute ( symbolic of the flute - playing of orange order marchers ) during an old firm match at celtic park , which was televised live on sky sports .
the style of the situation room has been mimicked on other cnn programs , most notably the international desk on cnn international , which is presented by hala gorani .
while a member of the group , cowboy created the term " hip hop " while teasing a friend who had just joined the us army , by scat singing the words " hip / hop / hip / hop " in a way that mimicked the rhythmic cadence of marching soldiers .
studebaker electrics were available in a variety of body styles , many of which mimicked the bodies that it had long produced for its lucrative passenger carriage line .
his mother sang songs around the house and according to lloyd mimicked the gipsy singers that she 'd heard .
of the later slasher films that largely mimicked carpenter 's work on " halloween " , few have met with the same critical success .
chloe was crushed , however , when she went to the doctor and discovered her body had mimicked pregnancy and she was never really pregnant .
circa 212 bc , ariston ’s discourse on morality included several proud character types and mimicked the theophrastan style .
at a concert at world trade center in dubai on april 22 , 2004 , she mimicked the song " kabhi to nazar milaao " in the voices of noor jehan , lata mangeshkar and ghulam ali .
porcelain factories in france , germany and england mimicked the chinese " blanc de chine " in the seventeenth and eighteen centuries .
it is mimicked by a marine snail , " trivia millardi " .
following her rendition , she mimicked the often - seen actions of players by spitting and grabbing her crotch as if adjusting a protective cup .
sphere - and - ring boards are increasingly being used by other board riders , as the freedom of movement makes them a more realistic trainer than other types of balance boards are ( other than for skateboarding , which is mimicked more closely by a rocker - roller board with a tapered roller ) .
behavior can be taught , mimicked , and/or modified .
he has become an icon for colombia as well as coffee in general , and juan valdez 's iconic appearance is frequently mimicked or parodied in television and other media .
an analysis of ca1 hippocampal synapses revealed that inhibitory avoidance training induced " in vivo " ampa receptor phosphorylation of the same type as that seen in ltp " in vitro " ; that is , inhibitory avoidance training mimicked ltp .
in the television series " the simpsons " , the plot was mimicked in the episodes " smart and smarter , " in which lisa hides in a local science museum in embarrassment at discovering her baby sister is smarter than she , and the episode " last tap dance in springfield " features bart and milhouse hiding out in the shopping mall for one week while ostensibly on a camping trip .
this feature mimicked the current trend of the mobile phone market at the time and ensured the continuing popularity of the genre .
jane fonda has said that elements of the story mimicked their real - life relationship , and helped them resolve certain issues .
like other unpalatable butterflies the common jezebel is mimicked by " prioneris sita " , the painted sawtooth .
he was widely criticised for a series of incorrect decisions during india 's tour of australia in 2003 - 04 .. the bcci also alleged bucknor mimicked rahul dravid , who had been charged with ball tampering .
red gravel for the palace courtyard was mimicked using clay that was bound for a new tennis court under construction nearby .
it is indistinguishable from reed warbler except for the species that are mimicked .
however , instead of using the companies ' own marketing resources and assets , they closely mimicked and replicated apple 's marketing .
inversion of cortical layers , absence of cerebellar foliation , and the migration of purkinje cells in these animals precisely mimicked the phenotype of mice lacking reln or dab1 .
the philosophical and aesthetic influence of crass on numerous punk bands from the 1980s were far reaching , even if few bands mimicked their later more free - form musical style ( as on " yes sir , i will " and their final recording , " 10 notes on a summer 's day " ) .
the hpm-40 also has a cheaper vinyl finish that mimicked veneer instead of true walnut veneer .
the aesthetics of the glitch have also recently been mimicked and re - created by other means ( using traditional design tools / software ) and used in a more traditional art sense .
most notably plycraft company , now defunct , issued dozens of chairs that directly mimicked or were in - the - style - of the eames 670 .
according to vianu , this was a theme first debated by " junimeas theodor rosetti . " moft ! " thus mimicked the common answer to any important or merely exacerbated problem , and caragiale also used it to illustrate what he saw as a common national feature .
a grid view , however , can be mimicked by using a standard html table with each cell containing a text input element .
schools unaffiliated with the lds church have also mimicked byu 's honor code .
in response he built siri fort , mimicked massive turkish ones .
that year , the galaxie range of six models were simply upscale versions of ford 's long - running ford fairlane with a revised rear roofline that mimicked the concurrent thunderbird .
as noted in the instruction booklet , working designs ' opening animation would have mimicked the japanese version of the game ( gems morphing into the logo ) but once working designs " were made aware of a logo created for the english rayearth " by media blasters , they decided to change the opening to incorporate the new logo .
along with a clever use of miniatures of actual buildings , matte paintings , and full - scale sets , " earthquake " combined decades old special effects techniques with those developed especially for the film ( including a revolutionary " shaker mount " camera system , which mimicked the effects of an earthquake by moving the entire camera body several inches side to side , versus merely shaking the camera lens ) .
boundedness of a certain place in an inherently bounded net can be mimicked in a non - inherently bounded net by doing a " place - transformation " , where a new place ( called " counter - place " ) is created , and all transitions that put x tokens to the original place take x tokens from the counter - place , and all transitions that take away x tokens from the original place put x tokens to the counter - place .
per åhlin wanted the paintings to be destroyed after the vernissage so they would n't be spread as per åhlin - paintings when they were only " per åhlin - paintings that mimicked picasso for a movie full of lies " .
once viewers are forced to take a second look at the mimicked popular meme they are forced out of their comfort zone .
in musical compositions , the galliard often filled the role of an " after dance " written in 6 , which followed and mimicked another piece ( sometimes a pavane ) written in 4 .
the flexibility of the schedules at the school mimicked that of many colleges , which helped prepare students for college .
early traps mimicked the form of cattle but this seems unnecessary and recent traps are simple sheets or have a biconical form .
it was dubbed ' richthofen 's flying circus ' because it mimicked a circus 's logistics by using dedicated railway trains to transport it to forward airfields , and because of its vividly painted aircraft .
diacylglycerol can be mimicked by the tumor - promoting compounds phorbol esters .
although not a direct imitation , the riff that string quartet repeats at the end of the song is mimicked at the end of bruce springsteen 's " born to run " ( which is an indicator that morrison had great influence on springsteen ) .
the stripes are mimicked on the inner margin of the fore wing .
much to camus ' surprise , hyoga mimicked his aurora execution technique , and was ready to use it on him .
beria used the espionage information as a way to double - check the progress of his scientists , and in his effort for duplication of the american project even rejected more efficient bomb designs in favor of ones which more closely mimicked the tried - and - true " fat man " bomb used by the u.s. against nagasaki .
thematic story dances told the story of a particular group of people through movements which mimicked their work ; such dances included shevchyky ( , " the shoemakers " ) , kovali ( , " the blacksmiths " ) , and kosari ( , " the reapers " ) .
this timbre is mimicked and reproduced using the voice or rich harmonic producing instruments .
the course as it originally was designed mimicked exactly a course used in the 1949 giro d'italia .
delhomme 's most recent performance mimicked the early season problems , with a 0 td , 4 int game against the new york jets .
the symptoms are , when taken as a group , fairly unique and not easily mimicked by other illnesses , though certain types of neurological injury and infection do need to be ruled out . verifying the diagnosis in a laboratory
this has two possible consequences : first , either the organism will be spared as a self antigen ; or secondly , that the antibodies produced against it will also bind to the mimicked native proteins .
goldberg mimicked the house style decarlo set , and later went on to work with him at archie , as did occasional " millie " artist henry scarpelli . al hartley and
bogart 's portrayal of mantee mimicked the notorious and recently deceased bank robber john dillinger , whom bogart resembled .
djokovic , known for his off - court impersonations of other star players ( many of them his friends ) , mimicked mcenroe 's pre - service ritual and some of his best - known antics before motioning mcenroe to come down from the press box to join him .
he mimicked her distinctive bob haircut , sing - song voice and ' school - prefect ' manner but added cruelty , blood and a naughty hand puppet called bongo to the juvenile story - telling .
the opening of the clip mimicked the music video moulin rouge , while the ending of the video was a tribute to the international blockbuster æon flux .
the palazzo 's design has been mimicked in several buildings outside italy , including the château grimaldi near aix - en - provence , france , the national building museum in washington , d.c. , usa , and the chief secretary ’s building in sydney , australia .
the show mimicked a standard current affairs format .
this signal may be mimicked by other butterflies .
the new designation , which mimicked that of the navy ’s a-18 hornet , was intended to highlight plans to give the raptor a ground - attack capability amid intense debate over the relevance of the expensive air - superiority jet .
since then secretaries of the president have mimicked their master 's signatures on these documents ( known as " proxy " signatures ) .
backup lamps were moved up into the endcaps that terminated the quarter panels , in slotted body - color housings that mimicked the parking lamps of the 1967 pontiac grand prix , although the look was certainly unique and tasteful .
nowadays , walla actors make use of real words and conversations , often improvised , tailored to the languages , speech patterns , and accents that might be expected of the crowd to be mimicked .
batesian mimicry finds greatest success when the ratio of " mimic " to " mimicked " is low ; otherwise predators learn to recognise the imposters .
in one comedy sketch , he mimicked a real - life incident in which president gerald ford accidentally tripped while disembarking from air force one in salzburg , austria .
just as well , animals and beasts usually were the mimicked in ceremonial dance .
these events can not be mimicked satisfactorily in vitro yet .
a tree view could also be mimicked through nested tables or , more semantically appropriately , nested lists .
the fictional burglary has been mimicked by criminals in actual crimes around the world .
hornig reported that mice belonging to the sensitive strain developed harmful repetitive behaviors following injections with thimerosal on a vaccine schedule that mimicked pediatric vaccine schedules .
thereafter it became the podcast 's signature introduction and was highly recognized and often mimicked on other podcasts .
hyperaldosteronism can be mimicked by liddle syndrome , and by ingestion of licorice and other foods containing glycyrrhizin .
at first , peter could only mimic powers while in close proximity to their source , but then learned how to recall previously mimicked powers with greater and greater ease with the help of claude .
the musicologist charles warren claimed in his article " brunelleschi 's dome and dufay 's motet " that the proportional structure of the motet mimicked the proportions of the building itself .
still another clip that is often shown is of " the today shows news correspondent ann curry starting her report by saying , " good morning , good morning everybody , in the news this morning , good morning , " which olbermann mimicked on his appearance on the july 25th , 2008 show .
like other artists such as yves klein , benglis ' mimicked jackson pollock 's flinging and dripping methods of painting .
lanfranco was a versatile and eclectic trainee of the carracci , and continued their tradition with dramatic flair compared to the often restrained domenichino , who mimicked mainly annibale 's grand manner .
originally , three glass filters whose transmittance spectra mimicked the cie color matching functions ( shown on the right ) were employed .
in addition there was another radio station that operated in 1959 that was a black propaganda effort that mimicked the pro - qassim station but attacked his government and was widely considered to be u.s. funded .
the bolt design closely mimicked that of the soviet pps , and the magazine was based on the magazine used in the german mp 40 .
kang was easily the star of the show , as he often mimicked famous stars and singers with his uncanny ability to sing and make eccentric facial expressions .
this trick closely mimicked normal human vision , which helped to further involve the audience .
when the rangers first appeared in kitchener , their sweater design mimicked their nhl sponsor , the new york rangers , with the ranger letters set diagonally across the sweater .
the layout was able to be mimicked so faithfully because the media conglomerate taft broadcasting owned both parks at the time .
this is a unique style that was later mimicked by several other chicano rappers .
in fact , it is claimed that cowboy created the term " hip hop " while teasing a friend who had just joined the us army by scat singing the words " hip / hop / hip / hop " in a way that mimicked the rhythmic cadence of marching soldiers .
they mimicked the musical stylings of rush and played progressive rock rather proficiently as a trio .
it was initially well - known because of its experimental flexible modular scheduling system that essentially mimicked a college scheduling system when the school opened in the 1970s .
with an 85 mm bore and 69 mm stroke , it mimicked the high - revving oversquare dimensions of the f40 's v8 , but with 4.7 l , it did n't need a turbo to produce 520 hp ( 388 kw ) .
the episodes had a gorgeous look and , although filmed in color , mimicked what had been done by hollywood filmmakers during the " film noir " era of the 1940s and 1950s in terms of tone , look , and story content .
kuniyoshi also produced during this time works of purely natural subject matter , notably of animals , birds and fish that mimicked traditional japanese and chinese painting .
" he mimicked ( and somewhat exaggerated ) the vibrato style of carmen lombardo , and the two of them once sang a duet of lombardo 's signature song " boo hoo ( you 've got me crying for you ) " on " the tonight show " .
another genre , space age pop , mimicked space age sound effects of the time and reflected the public interest in space exploration .
most varieties of estoc provided a long grip like that of a greatsword , though others mimicked the " zweihänder " in providing a long ricasso with a secondary guard of " parrierhaken " .
some residents mocked the purchase with striped t - shirts and ties that mimicked the painting .
architectural and artifact styles ( talud - tablero , tripod slab - footed ceramic vessels ) epitomized at teotihuacan were mimicked and adopted at many distant settlements .
this mimicked the method by which the chinese script indicates repeated characters with an iteration mark ( 々 ) .
wnęk built several wing models and although he did not understand the aerodynamics of lift , he mimicked the upper curvature of a bird 's wing .
issue # 53 featured a dream sequence that mimicked the stan lee / jack kirby " fantastic four " , specifically the galactus storyline .
in june 2007 , the company filed suit against an american fork , utah , restaurant named chadder 's for trademark infringement , claiming that the " look and feel " of the restaurant too closely mimicked in - n - out , and that the restaurant violated trademarked menu items , such as " animal style , " " protein style , " " double - double , " and so forth .
third - party developers started producing skins for customizable applications for mac and other operating systems which mimicked the aqua appearance .
the first two are similar characters that mimicked old pulp magazine heroes , wearing a suit of copper armor and shooting paralyzing or lethal darts , while the third is a member of the serpent society .
physical therapists developed exercises that mimicked what patients did at home or work in order to return to their lives or jobs after an injury or surgery .
version 2.03 , and later 3.0 , faced challenges from apple over its overlapping windows and other features apple charged mimicked the ostensibly copyrighted " look and feel " of its operating system and " embodie[d ] and generated a copy of the macintosh " in its os .
ah dat - ta created a system that mimicked the deft evasion and vital point striking of the white crane and the ape 's powerful swings and grabbing techniques .
during the final show , identical commercials featuring cook and fellow finalist archuleta mimicked the tom cruise scene from " risky business " where he dances in his underwear playing an air guitar ; they were promoting the game franchise " guitar hero " .
while others mimicked this style when shooting layups , gervin was known to " finger roll " from as far as the free throw line .
zhu tian cai comments that small frame tradition routines tended to be practiced by " retired " chen villagers ( and mimicked by younger children ) .
they also made a music video for the second single , " sic transit gloria ... glory fades " , where lacey acts like a human voodoo doll ; discovering that when he moves a particular body part , it is mimicked by the target of his action .
there is a slight difference between the selvages in handweaving and in industry , because while industrial looms originally very closely mimicked handweaving looms , modern industrial looms are very different .
that proved crucial as they moved on to a penalty shoot - out where liverpool triumphed 3–2 when dudek , at the urging of colleague jamie carragher , consciously mimicked bruce grobbelaar 's legendary 1984 " spaghetti legs " routine .
soon jean - pierre serre noticed that some properties of étale coverings mimicked those of open immersions , and that consequently it was possible to make constructions which imitated the cohomology functor h1 .
after falling , stewie mimicked her " over - exaggeration . "
comedian doodles weaver mimicked mccarthy in his 1948 novelty recording ( with spike jones ) of the " william tell overture " .
to some extent , these biographies mimicked the personal stories and traits found in the two vcr games that were released in the mid-1980s .
capitalizing on his blond good looks , he mimicked elvis presley 's stage style as well as the slicked - back hair .
in addition to impersonating martin & lewis , petrillo mimicked other film stars and cartoon characters , and mitchell would sing in the styles of frankie laine , vaughn monroe , and billy daniels , among others .
skits based upon the film have appeared on " saturday night live " and " robot chicken " , the latter of which mimicked the visual style of " 300 " in a parody set during the american revolutionary war , titled " 1776 . "
it is so named because it was believed to have mimicked a dutch sauce for the state visit to france of the king of the netherlands .
many restaurants have mimicked the " throwed roll " concept , but lambert 's cafe holds that they are the first restaurant to practice it .
consequently , the crowded effects may be mimicked " in vitro " by adding high concentrations of an inert molecule such as polyethylene glycol or ficoll to assays containing purified components .
when doctors asked the patient to imagine playing tennis they saw peaks of activity in the premotor cortex part of the brain that mimicked responses of healthy volunteers .
the group was known for the odd costumes its members would wear on stage ; an eclectic collection of attire which at times included , goggles , tutus , and heavy eye makeup that mimicked the black facial coloring of raccoons .
television ir signals can be mimicked by a universal remote , which is able to emulate the functionality of most major brand television remote controls .
consisting of two side platforms , the wooden construction mimicked what could be found on the port chester extension .
this encrypts the " p - code " so that it can not be mimicked by an enemy transmitter sending false information .
the round form of the orange tree mimicked by the round oranges themselves broken up by the lines of palm fronds , fences and crates .
ricky rankin wore his flying nun drag as we boarded the plane , and mimicked the flight attendants ' announcements , which amused most but not all of them .
the connection to spirituality was also emphasised through the hat and loose fabric , which mimicked that of a priest .
he mimicked john milton 's previous " areopagitica . "
