determining marketing roi on the basis of marketing - mix models alone can lead to misleading results .
it was widely ( and incorrectly ) credited with firing the first shots in the land war , due to a sergeant misleading the press .
they blamed the west for misleading the muslim leaders and the muslim leaders for blindly following the european ways .
section 52 of the trade practices act 1974 prohibits conduct by corporations in trade or commerce which is misleading or deceptive or is likely to mislead or deceive .
iii . authority for the federal trade commission ( ftc ) to investigate misleading ratings .
in 1985 , the hospital failed a state inspection , and was accused of misleading the inspection team about certain issues , with overcrowding being the top problem .
the murderers in the mask are behind this , and orchestrate for one cop to shoot his partner by misleading him into thinking he 's shooting one of them .
some claim that these aggregate figures are misleading because large agribusinesses , rather than individual farmers , receive a significant share of total subsidy spending .
the name , stemming from earlier automotive designs where the accelerator pedal was on the left and could be actuated with the heel while the brake pedal was actuated with the toe , is misleading regarding how the technique is carried out in modern cars , i.e. , operating the brake with the left edge of the foot , while rocking it down and to the right to operate the throttle .
while this term is technically correct , it is somewhat misleading .
however , now many , including nivedita menon , argue that it is " misleading ... to claim that hindu personal law was reformed [ in the 1950s ] .
a " svenska dagbladet " report accused him of deliberately misleading the swedish public regarding the controversial contents of his sermons .
on july 10 , 2008 , kucinich introduced one article of impeachment against president george w. bush for misleading congress into war .
marketing terminology is often misleading in this area - for example , daimler ag calls the mercedes - benz cls - class sedan a " four - door coupé " because its semi - fastback design tries to give the impression of a coupé .
variations in etiquette between communities using similar technologies can be seen when comparing standards governing wiki editors : ibm 's redwiki guidelines threaten the loss of editing privileges over factual mistakes , while memory alpha and other public wikis take the open - source - inspired line that " false or misleading information " should simply be corrected , barring apparent malice .
there has been debate as to whether or not the red hand defenders have become an entity in their own right made up of dissident factions from both the uda and the lvf ( both of which have now declared ceasefires whilst the rhd has not ) , though much intelligence has been based on the claims of responsibility which , as has been suggested , are frequently misleading .
the rather misleading term has caught on because planetary scientists typically use " rock " , " gas " , and " ice " as shorthands for classes of elements and compounds commonly found as planetary constituents , irrespective of what phase they appear in .
they further argue that the term " software patent " is itself a misleading concept since it could imply that an invention must be in the form of software to count as a cii .
commentators in the media have speculated that if this plan is implemented , it would lead to a mass exodus of subscribers leaving at&t , although this is misleading as internet traffic may go through the company 's network anyway .
a debugger is necessary to obtain a stack trace , and may be required to ascertain the true cause of the problem ; as the information on - screen is limited and thus possibly misleading , it may hide the true source of the error .
though this plane is fictional , it could have been misleading , because all the other available planes of the game are real ones , for example the f-20 tigershark or the yf-23 black widow ii .
although the manufacturer does not make direct claims for aqua detox in the treatment or cure of disease , the aqua detox international was the subject of a british advertising standards authority adjudication for april 6 , 2005 , specifically challenging the use of user testimonials which " implied " efficacy in serious disease , and challenges to the general efficacy of the device ; both complaints were upheld , with the advertiser not addressing the efficacy of the device but promising to remove the misleading testimonials from their advertisements .
the advice chiropractors gave to their patients is often misleading and dangerous .
advocates both for and against the measure advanced misleading arguments during the 2006 campaign : once in a voter 's pamphlet article by the league of women voters , and again in a radio advertisement by oregonians in action .
scholars quoted in the work have accused wells of purposely misquoting them and misleading readers .
this picture however is misleading , as the sources do not support any degree of uniformity in size or number of subdivisions in the different " themata " , nor indeed an exact correspondence of the territorial with the tactical divisions : depending on the tactical exigencies , smaller administrative " tourmai " could be joined together on campaign and larger ones broken up .
the films were financially successful , winning avn awards for the best selling pornographic films of their year ; however the events were effectively un - officiated and the record breaking claims often misleading .
one blogger , claiming to be a former wellingtonian journalist who identifies himself or herself as " poneke " , accused the " sunday star - times " of publishing misleading data about crime statistics .
macdonald complained that the bbc was " biased " and was " misleading the public " and other labour party figures were just as critical .
they argue that the metaphor of " capital " may be misleading because unlike financial capital , which is a resource held by an individual , the benefits of forms of social organization are not held by actors , but are results of the participation of actors in advantageously organized groups .
the name self changing gears was somewhat misleading because the gearboxes were not fully automatic and gear - changing had to be done by the driver .
they claim it is misleading because no latino or hispanic nationality exists since no latino state exists , so generalizing the term " latino " slights the various national identities included under the umbrella .
a misleading portion of the book is villehardouin 's treatment of the envoy and negotiations that lead to venice being the central port for the fourth crusade .
he was convicted , and the case was ultimately appealed to the u.s. supreme court , which ruled in " bronston v. united states " that literally truthful , but technically misleading , answers can not be prosecuted .
many species will immediately seem familiar to visitors from the northern hemisphere - australian wrens look and act much like northern hemisphere wrens and australian robins seem to be close relatives of the northern hemisphere robins , but in fact the majority of australian passerines are descended from the ancestors of the crow family , and the close resemblance is misleading : the cause is not genetic relatedness but convergent evolution .
this device of an unreliable narrator misleading a man into believing the infidelity of his wife and thus murdering her is also later used in " un capitano moro " , a tale from giovanni battista giraldi 's " gli hecatommithi " ( 1565 ) , and its theatrical adaptation , shakespeare 's " othello " ( 1603 ) .
many philosophers and historians did of course paint a more nuanced picture , but it was not until the publication of thomas kuhn 's " the structure of scientific revolutions " that this approach became seriously suspected as being misleading .
authors were accused of being deliberately misleading , presenting controversial findings as fact .
the notion of skimming the net might be misleading .
the name of the dvd is misleading as it really is a heavily edited mix of both nights they performed at the tokyo dome .
it ultimately concluded that syncronys ' claims about softram were " false and misleading " .
it should be noted that the title is misleading ; contrary to popular belief , man did " not " , in fact , evolve from today 's modern apes - man and modern apes split off from a common ancestor , who was an archaic species of ape such as dryopithecus .
david jones claimed that this statement contained a number of misleading and deceptive representations - including that " david jones eroticises children in order to obtain profits " .
notable rulings include the february 2007 judgment that the government 's 2006 energy review had been " misleading " and " unlawful " in its handling of the uk nuclear energy debate .
biscardi blamed an unnamed woman for misleading him , and the show 's audience for being gullible .
in current usage , the perception of the term has been extended beyond second identities of people who already post in a forum or blog to include other uses of misleading online identities .
however , the figures may be misleading as the majority of us education funding comes from the state level , not federal .
this makes the name " calvinism " somewhat misleading if taken to imply that present doctrines of " calvinist churches " or all calvinist movements teach every major feature of classical calvinism .
as kittel and kroemer put it , " the probability of " hamlet " is therefore zero in any operational sense of an event … " , and the statement that the monkeys must eventually succeed " gives a misleading conclusion about very , very large numbers . " this is from their textbook on thermodynamics , the field whose statistical foundations motivated the first known expositions of typing monkeys .
in late november 2005 , bune clashed in parliament with ratu naiqama lalabalavu , a cabinet minister and " tui cakau " ( paramount chief of the tovata confederacy ) , accusing lalabalavu of misleading the house .
on 9 august 2007 , countywatch removed four " welcome to bedfordshire " signs from luton , claming they were misleading to the public .
his naval records show another censure for " misleading and inaccurate reporting " regarding the boilers of the uss vicksburg in 1909 .
when he meets alex 's ex - wife gloria , she reveals information to terry that proves to him and arthur that first impressions can be misleading .
the term fixed income is sometimes misleading since inflation linked bonds deliver variable income , and a default may reduce the return .
" a red cross official responded to his comments , saying that accusing all homosexuals of being responsible for aids was misleading .
its distinct summits are poorly identified , and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading .
carl bialik of " the wall street journal " " the numbers guy " blog and mark blumenthal of pollster.com called the poll " misleading " .
the main characters in the pilot episode included dr louella " ella " davis , the moral centre of the firm whose passion lies equally distributed between her work at st albans hospital emergency ward , and defending doctors ; " happy " henderson , a lawyer whose nickname can be greatly misleading ; dr jamie lawless , an optimistic young doctor whose passion for helping others often leads him to inner conflict ; caitlin king , the new law recruit at mda whose ambitions far exceed what she can do at the firm ; layla young of the bahá'í faith , the friendly receptionist ; dr tony mckinnon , a doctor who works with ella at the hospital ; and richard savage - the cut - throat plaintiff 's advocate who often does battles with mda .
this was misleading because the economy had been in a virtual collapse in 1975 , making it an unrealistic basis for comparison .
incidence / prevalence is said to be 20/100,000 in the united states , however , many cases of eczema are diagnosed as garden - variety atopic eczema without further investigation , so it is possible this figure is misleading .
however the original united kingdom term pat ( portable appliance testing ) , is somewhat misleading as test and tagging can involve inspection and testing of fixed appliances , such as wall mounted air - conditioners that are not " hard wired " etc .
it could be misleading to name this tongue in association with one of these partial sources .
its common name is misleading , because it is not a close relative of the " typical " fulvettas , which are now in the genus " fulvetta " and are actually sylviidae .
little is known about wren ’s life at windsor and it is misleading to say that wren and the son of charles i became childhood friends there and " often played together " .
the australia institute was sued by retail department store david jones for allegedly engaging in misleading and deceptive conduct : " david jones ltd v the australia institute ltd " [ 2007 ] fca 962 .
most questions had misleading wording and pun answers given in this format , known as a " swerve " in quiz bowl culture .
the annual report of the federal trade commission for the fiscal year ended june 30 1944 mentions the following case pending in the courts : " manhattan brewing co. , chicago .-- seventh circuit ( chicago ) , misleading use of words “
the boys encountered baffling , sometimes misleading clues and danger before finally solving the crime .
even individuals who had knowledge of the fact , sometimes intentionally or unintentionally provided false or misleading information .
soul singer vv brown criticised the show for misleading young singers about how the music industry works , claiming at the 2009 mobo awards " i do n't like it –
maldivies has accused previous allies like iraq and libya of misleading and exploiting maldives .
the result was misleading information taken out of context .
note that this diagram is misleading as a description of the mathematical relationship between these problems , as there exists a polynomial - time reduction between any two np - complete problems ; but it indicates where demonstrating this polynomial - time reduction has been easiest .
the album 's title is slightly misleading , in that it is not an entirely new volume : the first installment in the metal fingers series , " special herbs , vol . 1 "
in this kind of approach , which emphasizes the relevance of history to the present , things which do not seem relevant receive little attention , resulting in a misleading portrayal of the past .
at sang - drax 's misleading suggestion , xar has gone to pryan with the pretext of taming the tytans , and he is frustrated with his inability to reach marit .
this makes the common use of the phrase " cablecard 2.0 " as a requirement for video on demand misleading , since two way services have been provided with the actual cards from the very beginning .
the move attracted much press comment , and criticism from " oxford civic society " , which described the new name as misleading ; the airport is from marble arch .
as a result , the classification of royal navy vessels in this period can be misleading , as they often carried more cannon than were listed .
subsequent writers have noted that this was misleading , because great britain had a very closely connected legislature and executive , with further links to the judiciary ( though combined with judicial independence ) .
in the u.s. , manufacturers and retailers are allowed to list the tube size , which is misleading and confusing to many customers , especially when comparing both crt and lcd models together .
despite a misleading name , the mercedes - benz 300slr was based neither on the famous 1954 300sl ( w198 ) gullwing road car , nor the earlier 1952 ( w194 ) race car , although it bears a strong resemblance to both ( including , in the coupe version , the distinctive ' gullwing doors ' ) . instead , it was based on the 1954 - 1955 formula 1 mercedes - benz w196 race car ; it was mercedes ' marketing department , who found ' w196s ' an uninspiring name , who ordered the name ' 300slr ' .
the title " more pink " may be misleading , as many of the b - sides on the disc did not come from " under the pink " singles but in fact from the 1992 album " little earthquakes " , and in one case , from a christmas compilation .
previous analytic work done in internet studies adopted assumptions such as exponentially - distributed packet inter - arrivals , and conclusions reached under such assumptions may be misleading or incorrect in the presence of heavy - tailed distributions [ 3 ] .
the trouble with islam today " , irshad manji argues that the allegation of apartheid in israel is deeply misleading , noting that there are in israel several arab political parties ; that arab - muslim legislators have veto powers ; and that arab parties have overturned disqualifications .
the name is misleading , as it implies that the camouflage is made up of ones and zeroes ; " pixellated camouflage " would be more accurate , but " digital " has stuck .
furthermore , she argued that reconstructing our biological history based only on the dna frequencies of extant populations is misleading , challenging the idea that basques represent a proxy population for palaeolithic europeans ( instead she attributed their genetic uniqueness to thousands of years of endogamy ) .
these students claimed that although the word limit instruction was stated in the paper , they were not clearly informed of the marking criteria , and that the marking scheme the hkeaa adopted in the previous year gave them a misleading impression .
the name of the tax is misleading , since most ruminant methane production is a product of the burping of methane produced by bacteria in the first stomach ( the rumen ) rather than of flatulence .
these terms are not recognized by the breed standards and may be misleading .
over 50 public interest groups have defended lloyd , calling conservative claims " false and misleading . "
in library journal , oregon state librarian jim scheppke notes that the statistics that haplr relies on are misleading because they rely too much on output measures , such as circulation , funding , etc . and not on input measures , such as open hours and patron satisfaction .
note that with derailleur gears the advertised number of gears may be somewhat misleading .
the plant was closed in 2005 after the company lawyers reportedly produced a misleading environmental study regarding pollution on the cruces river .
this is misleading however , since these universities do not offer any of the specific engineering courses , instead providing a general engineering course ( which allows specialization in later years ) , where they were ranked 1st , 2nd and 5th respectively in 2005 .
it was mistakenly thought to be " casey " because of one misleading strip .
the term " goose bumps " is misleading because the bumps on a goose 's skin does not qualify as piloerection , though birds do have the same reflex of extending their feathers out , a function of keeping themselves warm .
in july 2007 democratic senators patrick leahy and dick durbin accused kavanaugh of " misleading " the senate committee during his nomination stemming from the bush white house detention policy .
in addition , kennedy 's use of the term " ethnic cleansing " to describe assimilation of melungeons into the white community was misleading because it does not conform to the term 's definition .
however this figure was misleading on two counts .
in it they show that the expectation that a metabolic pathway will be controlled by a single pacemaker reaction is a fallacy , and most of the experimental criteria used in the supposed identification of such steps are misleading .
the bee gees’ single " new york mining disaster 1941 " — despite its misleading title , aimed at selling the record in america — is a moving response to the aberfan disaster .
however many academics have questioned the applicability of the concept to tibet , a recent example being heidi fjeld who in 2003 argued that feudalism and the use of the term ' serf ' was misleading in relation to the social system of tibet and instead described it as " a caste - like social hierarchy " .
the use of ' unification ' in this section is misleading indeed as under the reign of the tu'i tonga the whole group was unified for 1000 years ( 450 ad - 1550 ad ) .
he is one of a number of senior clergy to have been heavily criticized for inaction and for making misleading statements in connection with clerical sex abuse in dublin .
further , the investors should be protected from misleading , manipulative or fraudulent practices , including insider trading , front running or trading ahead of customers and the misuse of client assets .
this name change was partly prompted by misunderstandings that had occurred in english - speaking countries , where ' technische hochschule ' had often been mistakenly transliterated as ' technical high school ' , providing a totally misleading connotation .
the name " mycosis fungoides " is somewhat misleading -- it loosely means " mushroom - like fungal disease " .
the democratic party accused the developer of misleading ; the consumer council recognised the accepted common practice of skipping the 13th and 14th floors , but suggested that developers " imaginary heights brought back to earth . "
though sri guru granth sahib ji contains the compositions of both sikh gurus as well the other great saints ( bhagats)—including those of the hindu and muslim faith — no distinction whatsoever is made between the works of sikh gurus and the works of the bhagats contained within the siri guru granth sahib ; the titles " guru " and " bhagat " should not be misleading .
" dissembling " likewise describes the presentation of facts in a way that is literally true , but intentionally misleading .
the plaintiff perfect 10 asserted that defendants ccbill ( payment service company ) and cwie ( webhosting and connectivity service company ) violated copyright , trademark , and state law violation of right of publicity laws , unfair competition , false and misleading advertising by providing services to websites that posted images stolen from perfect 10 ’s magazine and website .
morgagni , in the preface to his own work , discusses the defects and merits of the " sepulchrelum " : it was largely a compilation of other men 's cases , well and ill authenticated ; it was prolix , often inaccurate and misleading from ignorance of the normal anatomy , and it was wanting in what would now be called objective impartiality a quality which was introduced as decisively into morbid anatomy by morgagni as it had been introduced two centuries earlier into normal human anatomy by vesalius .
other issues were publicised by the murdoch university student guild , including alleged misleading advertising and intimidation of overseas students by the college .
the straightforward modification of a current prefectural map is helpful because it makes use of a familiar template ; however , this helpful graphic is somewhat misleading because it implies a too - simple congruence between the current prefectural boundaries and the inevitable " fuzzy logic " of regional boundaries .
sierra 's pro bono lawyers claimed that mann was responsible for disruption , and that he could have taken the opportunity to teach his students about tolerance and constitutional rights instead of making misleading and incendiary comments in the media .
under the aicpa 's code of professional ethics under rule 203 - accounting principles , a member must depart from gaap if following it would lead to a material misstatement on the financial statements , or otherwise be misleading .
postwar findings support the defense intelligence agency ( dia ) february 2002 assessment that ibn al - shaykh al - libi was likely intentionally misleading his debriefers when he said that iraq provided two al - qa'ida associates with chemical and biological weapons ( cbw ) training in 2000 ... no postwar information has been found that indicates cbw training occurred and the detainee who provided the key prewar reporting about this training recanted his claims after the war . "
additional complaints have been made about misleading advertising , and that background information provided by the company is inaccurate or has not been updated .
murdoch also opposed sending canberra jet bombers to vietnam on what were later described as " misleading " grounds that the type was unsuitable for low - level strike and close air support ; however their deployment went ahead in april 1967 .
chapter five explores unemployment and orwell explains that the unemployment statistics of the time are misleading .
unceasingly sticks to my misleading dreams
if company directors have been misleading shareholders by falsifying accounting information , they will strive to prevent the auditors from reporting this .
in 2004 , the saskatchewan party 's aggressive questioning of the provincial ndp government over a bad investment , spudco , forced cabinet minister eldon lautermilch to apologize for misleading the legislature , a fact that only became apparent once sworn evidence was acquired from a civil lawsuit against the province .
it should be noted that the fp10 units were never extended beyond their original length , thus making the " p " in their designation misleading .
charles was an advocate of scandinavianism and the political solidarity of the three northern kingdoms , and his friendship with frederick vii of denmark , it is said , led him to give half promises of help to denmark on the eve of the war of 1864 , which , in the circumstances , were perhaps misleading and unjustifiable .
these labels claim to independence are slightly misleading as there was no independent distribution system in place at the time , and both labels were very much reliant upon support from the major polydor label , which is illustrated by the text " polydor records " appearing underneath the track logo on the record labels .
the name manila tamarind is misleading , since it is neither closely related to tamarind , nor native to manila .
sometimes , belarus and belarusians have been referred to ( in western languages , not russian ) as " white russia " and " white russians " , which can be misleading ; see those articles for discussion in more depth .
he allegedly accused both goh and lee for misleading parliament over an alleged $ 17 billion loan to former indonesian president suharto .
relying on knowledge of pre - roman gaul , or 13th century ireland , as a guide to the picts of the 6th century may be misleading if analogy is pursued too far .
but this value can be misleading unless each determination of the age is of equal significance .
on 5 july 2007 , reuters reported that the dutch advertising standards authority had ruled that a complaint made by friends of the earth netherlands about a royal dutch shell “ green ” themed advertising campaign was well founded and that the advertising was misleading .
" having therefore so confident a hope , dearly beloved , abide firm in the faith in which you are built : lest that same tempter whose tyranny over you , christ has already destroyed , win you back again with any of his wiles , and mar even the joys of the present festival by his deceitful art , misleading simpler souls with the pestilential notion of some to whom this our solemn feast day seems to derive its honour , not so much from the nativity of christ as , according to them , from the rising of the new sun .
the most common wall covering for residential use and generally the most economical is prepasted vinyl coated paper , commonly called " strippable " which can be misleading . clothed
plimer 's action failed , judge ron sackville said " courts should not attempt to provide a remedy for every false or misleading statement made in the course of public debate on matters of general interest . "
in the united kingdom , the law requires that any health claim on food labels must be true and not misleading .
it also created the impression that he would be better suited over a longer journey - an impression that may have been misleading .
on october 29 , 2009 , the wikileaks project obtained a document http://wikileaks.org/wiki/sirsidynix_corp_restricted_lobby_paper_against_open_source_technologies%2c_sep_2009 showing sirsidynix spreading deliberately false and misleading information about open source products and vendors .
some manufacturers will opt for a less misleading approach , describing the system generically as a " tv game , " " 8-bit console , " " multi - game system , " or " plug & play , " but even these examples generally say nothing to suggest any compatibility with nes hardware .
the work is made up almost entirely of biographies of illustrious men of the order , which makes the title somewhat misleading .
literally translated , it means ' something to wipe the body with ' ( " ga" = body , " mosa" = to wipe ) however , interpreting the word " gamosa " as the body - wiping towel is misleading .
in his victory speech , hunter described the campaign of the conservatives as ' nasty ' and ' misleading ' .
occasional use of the term breathwork to describe buddhist anapanasati , “ mindfulness of breathing ” or " conscious breathing " appears to be misleading , because the meditator breathes naturally , without attempting to change the length or depth of the breath , simply observing it .
if the asa has trouble with a repeat offender , it can refer the matter to the oft under the control of misleading advertisements regulations 1988 .
on december 7 , 2009 , birkenfeld 's attorneys sent a letter to holder detailing alleged misleading statements by the prosecutor , which were the most prejudicial to birkenfeld 's harsh sentence , and filed a motion with the judge regarding the same .
grimaldi and engel , pointing out that the colloquial term " giant dragonfly " is therefore misleading , suggest " griffinfly " instead .
he firstly highlights the use of the word ' mass ' and claims that most of the media today are not produced for the masses , rather they are produced for niche markets . " the term ' mass ' is especially misleading .
the words " with three groups " proved dangerously misleading .
some scientists and animal rights organizations , such as peta and buav , question the legitimacy of it , arguing that it is cruel , poor scientific practice , poorly regulated , that medical progress is being held back by misleading animal models , that some of the tests are outdated , that it can not reliably predict effects in humans , that the costs outweigh the benefits , or that animals have an intrinsic right not to be used for experimentation .
however , the application of such terminology in the korean case is misleading since local bronze production did not occur until approximately the late 8th century b.c. at the earliest , bronze artifacts are rare , and the distribution of bronze is highly regionalized until after 300 bc .
4 . screen capture images from misleading advertisements .
as with other roman social ties , that of " clientelia " , or " clientship " shifted in significance in late antiquity and the early middle ages , while retaining the designation , which gave a misleading air of continuity .
after the radio ad began running , the use of the statistic was widely criticised by factcheck.org , politifact.com , by " the washington post " , and others who consulted leading cancer experts and found that giuliani 's cancer survival statistics to be false , misleading or " flat wrong " , the numbers having been reported to have been obtained from an opinion article by giuliani health care advisor david gratzer , a canadian psychiatrist in the manhattan institute 's city journal where gratzer was a senior fellow .
products that are labelled , advertised , and marketed in the u.s. as " american made " must be " all or virtually all made in the u.s. " the federal trade commission , to prevent deception of customers and unfair competition , considers an unqualified claim of " american made " to expressly claim exclusive manufacture in the u.s. " the ftc act gives the commission the power to bring law enforcement actions against false or misleading claims that a product is of u.s. origin . "
the " trb from washington " column by michael kinsley and an article by yale public policy professor theodore marmor and yale law professor jerry mashaw criticized mccaughey 's " no exit " article as being confused and misleading in the february 14 , 1994 issue of " tnr " .
the name entropy of mixing is misleading , since it is not the intermingling of the particles that creates the entropy change , but rather the change in the available volume per particle .
the select committee also made findings against richard curry , director general of the department of indigenous affairs and jane brazier , director general of the department of community development , who “ gave responses to the premier based on incorrect , misleading and unsubstantiated anecdotal evidence ” and did not test “ the veracity of information given to them or their departments in areas that they should have known to be a government priority ” .
he has been quoted as saying that , " politicians are promoting the wind industry as a green icon , but they are misleading the public into believing the propaganda of the wind industry .
cynical , pessimistic , sarcastic and lazy ( in many episodes he is shown sleeping in a hammock in the middle of the day ) , he sometimes makes the effort to horde the things he likes , trip up the plans of the other groundlings , give misleading information , and waste resources .
the title ' dictionary ' is misleading as the document is as much encyclopedic dictionary as it is a record of the culture and traditions of the koyukon people .
because of this weight , it is misleading to call this bit the " sign bit " .
in the pitt interview , ritter also remarked on several examples of members of the bush or clinton administration making statements he knew to be misleading or false with regard to iraqi wmd ’s
for this reason , fda considers labels such as " no msg " or " no added msg " to be misleading if the food contains ingredients that are sources of free glutamate , such as hydrolyzed protein .
the stone remains seen are misleading .
these comments had not been approved in advance by the ndp , but schreyer 's position was vindicated in 2001 , when local pc organizer heather campbell - dewar pleaded guilty to defaming nevakshonoff 's character and making a false or misleading statement to the police .
upon receiving the documents , whitlam dismissed rex connor from his government for misleading parliament .
accusations have also been levelled at peterson about sensationalistic and misleading advertising about scars , often involving claims of how widely the system has been taught in the navy .
dharma transmission is sometimes juxtaposed with the term inka , though such a combination of terms can be misleading and cause confusion when not applied to the proper tradition .
there is also some concern that such preliminary results are often inaccurate and may be misleading to the public .
messiaen said that the terms " tonal " , " modal " and " serial " ( and other such terms ) are misleading analytical conveniences , and that for him there were no modal , tonal or serial compositions , only music with colour and music without colour .
the video 's sleeve notes were misleading and described the film as uncut .
in haldeman 's view , this makes even bieber 's unimpressive claims of success misleading .
most front - line child welfare organisations , such as plunket , barnardos , save the children , unicef , women 's refuge , cpag , epoch and jigsaw , believed the referendum question was misleading , and encouraged their supporters to vote " yes " .
the new york city comptroller has charged that freeport - mcmoran knowingly made " false or misleading " statements about payments to the indonesian military and might have filed false proxy statements in violation of the securities exchange act .
the german command drew self - congratulatory and misleading lessons from their narrow escape , concluding that they could overcome soviet encirclements with supplies from the air while mounting a relief operation .
on march 16 , 2004 , at waxman 's request , the committee on government reform minority office published " iraq on the record , the bush administration 's public statements on iraq " a detailed and searchable collection of 237 specific misleading statements made by bush administration officials about the threat posed by iraq .
in november 2001 , the national center for science education stated that the then current version of the document appeared " to be very artfully phrased " to represent a diverse range of opinions , set in a context which gives it a misleading spin to confuse the public .
in 1994 he was one of 52 signatories of " mainstream science on intelligence " , a public statement written by linda gottfredson and published in the " wall street journal " as a response to what the authors viewed as the inaccurate and misleading reports made by the media regarding academic consensus on the results of intelligence research in the wake of the appearance of " the bell curve " earlier the same year .
misleading lady .
the main purpose of the regulations is to protect consumers against misleading practices .
the bullshitter generally either knows the statements are likely false , exaggerated , and in other ways misleading or has no interest in their factual accuracy one way or the other .
through political smears , misleading press reports , on set mishaps , and a wild western ride , these families band together in a classic black hat / white hat tale of heroism .
an alternative explanation given the high frequency of hybridisation in ducks ( carboneras , 1992 ) would be that the mtdna of the present - day gwt is originally derived from spotted teal females by introgression and thus the molecular data gives a misleading picture of the species ' true relationships .
quechup was criticized by many users for misleading them and hiding the nature of the feature in the ' small print ' of the site 's terms .
however , when running a machine at 3,000rpm and applying the brake at its catalog torque , at that rpm , is misleading .
the united states department of commerce imposed a $ 142,000 civil penalty on illinois tool works in 2000 , to settle allegations that the company illegally exported chemicals to brazil on seven occasions between march 1994 and october 1997 without the required licenses and making false or misleading statements on shipper 's export declarations .
often the name of the store , such as " dollar store " , is only a suggestion , and can be misleading .
the same letter also stated , " the supervisory authority contends that citigroup 's presentation , as well as the presentation from terra securities asa , appears insufficient and misleading because central elements like information about potential extra payments and the size of these are omitted . "
numerous people have complained that the data on spoke is inaccurate and misleading , and report that requests to correct the information have gone unanswered .
supporters of abandoning this habit claim that adding czech female suffix to a foreign surname means deliberately changing a woman 's name and is therefore both misleading and inconsiderate , whereas traditionalists point out that only by adding the suffix the name can by used as flexible feminine adjective within naturally sounding czech sentence .
the statements that one meets with , that this or that form is " common , " or " regular , " in plautus , are frequently misleading , or even incorrect , and are usually unsatisfying ... i have gained an increasing respect for the manuscript tradition , a growing belief that the irregularities are , after all , in a certain sense regular .
tiki,’’ among others to claim a nordic ancestry for at least some of the olmec leadership ... [ however ] , it is extremely misleading to use the testimony of artistic representations to prove ethnic theories .
it is therefore desirable that each proxy is labeled with the name of the card it substitutes , and its basic game - relevant characteristics , and erase all decorations and printed information that may be misleading .
misleading reports about the extent of the gains made by the australians deprived them of necessary artillery support and , although elements of the 4th division briefly occupied sections of german trenches , they were ultimately forced to retreat with heavy losses .
the name " phytosaur " ( plant reptile ) is very misleading , and their snapping jaws clearly show that phytosaurs were predators .
" suskind 's book is misleading .
on december 7 , 2009 , federal regulators sued three former officers of new century financial corp. , accusing them of misleading the company 's investors about the company 's prospects , as pervasive bad acts in the mortgage industry began to become widely known .
his work has been overwhelmingly dismissed as trivial and misleading ever since .
air canada 's signage concerning baggage liability was also held to be misleading .
comparing ytd measures can be misleading if not much of the year has occurred , or the date is not clear .
of course , scientists realize that beauty can sometimes be misleading .
more modern versions of the theory do not apply such potentially misleading descriptions to universals .
a speaker for the foundation countered the criticism by stating : " we entirely reject the accusation that our online publication " complementary healthcare : a guide " contains any misleading or inaccurate claims about the benefits of complementary therapies .
its ruling , that literally truthful yet technically misleading answers can not be prosecuted as perjury , has formed an important part of jurisprudence on the matter ever since , even being invoked by president bill clinton 's attorneys when he was charged with perjury during his impeachment .
it should be noted , however , that terms " oriental despotism " and its development , the " muscovite " or " russian despotism " , have been criticized as misleading , since muscovy , and russia , never had characteristics of pure despotism , such as the ruler being identified with a god ) .
the common name " sand viper " is misleading , as this species does not occur in really sandy areas .
the movie 's treatment of military history is somewhat misleading compared to the original book ; in particular , the reasons for the delay in xxx corps reaching the arnhem bridge differ considerably from the book , which led to the failure of the attack .
" making or certifying misleading financial statements exposes the people involved to substantial civil and criminal liability .
however , due to shifts in " ecological niches " of words , a common etymology is sometimes misleading as a guide to current meaning in one or the other language .
the trade descriptions act 1968 is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom which prevents manufacturers , retailers or service industry providers from misleading consumers as to what they are spending their money on .
an example of an approved referendum question that is both leading and misleading is the nz referendum on child discipline 2009 proposed by larry baldock .
misleading conclusions can also be drawn in the presence of linkage disequilibrium , genetic heterogeneity , pleiotropy , or population stratification ( davey smith & ebrahim 2003 ) .
in intel 's " family / model / stepping " scheme , the pentium ii overdrive cpu identifies itself as family 6 , model 3 , though this is misleading , as it not based on the family 6/model 3 klamath core .
other sources refer instead to " provinces " , though in pre-1795 contexts this may be misleading since the word " province " ( in polish , " prowincja " ) was applied , until the third and last of the partitions of the polish - lithuanian commonwealth in 1795 , to the three main regions ( greater poland , lesser poland and lithuania ) of the polish – lithuanian commonwealth , each of which comprised a number of voivodeships .
in looking over the wealth of material it is quickly realised that the image of the indolent wilde , carefree and idle for much of the time , is misleading .
nortel also paid out us$ 575 million and 629 million common shares in 2006 to settle a class - action lawsuit that accused the company of misleading investors about the health of the company .
section 43(a)(1)(b ) is also often utilized in law when false or misleading statements are alleged to have hurt a business .
misleading financial analysis .
the term is somewhat misleading since concrete is a construction material composed of cement , and this contains no cement .
planned parenthood affiliates of california and others filed a lawsuit with the sacramento county superior court in early august to strike out all references to " sarah " and " sarah 's law " and " other misleading language in the voter 's guide " for proposition 4 .
these are highly misleading emails .
in german , standard german is often called , a somewhat misleading term since it collides with the linguistic term high german .
" there are those who think they can be happy by taking control over others and misleading them .
reviewing the.480 's ballistics however , reveals this is somewhat misleading , as this " special " reference , may cause one to consider the.480 as a low powered target round .
this had the desired effect of misleading the german high command as to the location of the primary invasion , thus inducing them to keep reserves away from the actual landings .
it is a common marketing practice to exaggerate how green a product is by using misleading statements(sands , 2002 ) .
two italian scholars , matteo luigi napolitano and andrea tornielli , confirmed that the memorandum was genuine although the reporting by the " corriere della sera " was misleading , as the document had originated in the french catholic church archives rather than the vatican archives and strictly concerned itself with children without living blood relatives that were supposed to be handed over to jewish organisations .
broszat accused irving of seeking to generate a highly misleading impression of a conference between hitler and the hungarian regent , admiral miklós horthy , in april 1943 by re - arranging the words to make hitler appear less brutally anti - semitic then what the original notes showed .
tractive effort is the figure most often quoted when comparing the power of different steam locomotives , but its use can be misleading , because tractive effort shows the ability to start a train , not the ability haul it .
the court of appeal later reversed the $ 25,000 punitive damages , though it upheld the defamation finding , describing bolt 's conduct as " at worst , dishonest and misleading and at best , grossly careless . "
specific penalties are given within the individual acts and more generally are also covered by the " misleading and deceptive conduct " provisions of the trade practices act 1974 , permitting fines in excess of $ 10 m aus .
when using the simpson index for lower numbers , misleading results can be obtained , with obviously less diverse areas having a higher index than they should .
hans georg heer ( known as " hannes " ) ( born 16 march 1941 in wissen an der sieg ) is a controversial german historian , chiefly known for the widely discredited " wehrmachtsausstellung " ( german army exhibition ) in the 1990s , an exhibition that was withdrawn in 1999 after facing severe criticism for being politically motivated , lacking in scientific method and deliberately misleading .
the directive describes two major categories of unfair commercial practices:- those that are misleading ( articles 5(4)(a ) , 6 and 7 ) and those that are aggressive ( articles 5(4)(b ) , 8 and 9 ) .
the sale was thus ruled by the asa to have been in breach of tv advertising standards code rules on ' misleading advertising ' .
under the saic , the consumer protection bureau enforces standards for market products and investigates fake products , the enterprise registration bureau issues business licenses , the department of personnel and education oversees local saic departments , and the department of advertising regulation works against fake or misleading advertising .
the title " drunken tai chi " is misleading .
" the authorities found a way to track down cocoy ; and in order to save santino from the forthcoming pursuit , cocoy then decides to leave his little brother alone in a safe place as he tries misleading his hunters .
while the top management of both the companies insists that their products adhere to the most stringent norms and are safe for consumption , cse toughens its stand that the cola companies are misleading the general public and have a long way to go before actually meeting those safety norms .
" there are some excellent features and good performances in this amiable film but it suffers from misleading advertising and uncertainty about its intentions .
however , that can be misleading as people tend to think that all of it was distributed in this way but evidence suggests that the vast majority of it was purchased by the housewife to brighten up the home at a time when only the well off could afford bright electric lighting .
the film is set in the era of diocletian , nearly two millennia before the west coined the word " homosexual " ( such a category simply did not exist in sebastiane 's world ) , therefore it is highly misleading to suggest that the roman soldiers ' male - to - male desires are the result of an absence of women .
if a signal strength meter is used in this situation , it may not read the strength accurately and can be misleading , because it registers the strength of the strongest signal , which may be the closest computer .
two italian scholars , matteo luigi napolitano and andrea tornielli , confirmed that the memorandum was genuine although the reporting by the " corriere della sera " was misleading , as the document had originated in the french catholic church archives rather than the vatican archives and strictly concerned itself with children without living blood relatives that were supposed to be handed over to jewish organisations .
recently , the concept has been criticized for the term " footprint " which is misleading for people familiar with carbon footprint as the water footprint concept as described above only includes sums of water quantities without considering related impacts .
the target was very heavily defended and difficult to identify owing to the exceptional number of searchlights but , after worrying and misleading the defences for an hour , he dived and attacked from 1,000 feet to ensure hitting the target .
the action was purported to be brought on behalf of a class of purchasers of the company ’s stock during the period march 14 , 2007 to january 4 , 2008 and alleged that the defendants violated the federal securities laws during this period of time by , among other things , having made materially false or misleading statements and that the defendants engaged in insider trading .
the report was termed as misleading marxist propaganda by idrf who later published a report of their own responding to the charges leveled by foil .
used in biased or misleading ways .
all in all , it is best not to assume the accuracy of penfield 's motor homunculus as it is misleading .
a report by the then - majority republican party staff of the united states senate committee on investigations published in october 2005 asserted that galloway had given false " or misleading " testimony under oath when appearing before them .
in practice this tends to be confusing and can give misleading results if averaged out over a department .
biased or misleading data .
some biochemists have argued that the name glucokinase should be abandoned as misleading , as this enzyme can phosphorylate other hexoses in the right conditions , and there are distantly related enzymes in bacteria with more absolute specificity for glucose which better deserve the name and the ec .
