at the trial before the volksgerichtshof on february 1 , 1945 it was not possible to prove that he had known about the assassination plans , but he was sentenced to two years’ imprisonment for defeatist statements made during a tea party in august 1943 , whereby his age and failing health mitigated the punishment .
this concern can be partially mitigated by using such a chip without implanting it , as by inserting it into the wristband of a watch , which can then be removed at will .
this has been somewhat mitigated by the development of online bookselling , which makes less popular titles more accessible to average readers .
although a loss for the roosevelt administration and new deal supporters , it was mitigated by the narrowness of the court 's opinion , which did not deny congress 's authority to regulate interstate oil commerce .
during this time period , the plebeian plight had been mitigated due to the constant state of war that rome was in .
the nsw immigration restrictions of 1888 had not had a great impact on total numbers and a continued inflow of chinese from queensland mitigated even this .
also the evil effects of kethu during its transit period would be mitigated .
the ttc mitigated this change by introducing a weekly $ 30 pass that could be transferred among several users .
in many cases , this problem can be mitigated by placing an aide in the classroom to assist the student with special needs , although this raises the costs associated with educating this child .
as with used motor oil or other wastes , its impact on the environment should be mitigated .
despite these problems , most of which were mitigated in service , the ships were well received and proved outstandingly successful in combat .
such a situation , called a forfeiture , can be mitigated by the addition of a period - certain feature under which the annuity issuer is required to make annuity payments for at least a certain number of years ; if the annuitant outlives the specified period certain , annuity payments continue until the annuitant 's death , and if the annuitant dies before the expiration of the period certain , the annuitant 's estate or beneficiary is entitled to the remaining payments certain .
those problems persisted until its dissolution , despite being mitigated somewhat by reforms , particularly during the 19th century .
to some extent this issue is mitigated by the corresponding lower death benefit .
the risk of bloat can be mitigated by seeding non - bloating legumes with the grasses .
however , it considers , that on the basis of the applicant 's evidence and the officer 's reviews to date , that some adverse effects can not be avoided , remedied or mitigated .
an actuary uses actuarial science to assess and predict future business risk , such that the risk(s ) can be mitigated .
during this time period , the plebeian plight had been mitigated due to the constant state of war that rome was in .
patients are reported to want " information about what happened , why the error happened , how the error 's consequences will be mitigated , and how recurrences will be prevented . "
this trend is expected to be mitigated by increased percentage of more efficient diesel and hybrid vehicles .
the sink hole has since been mitigated and plans to develop on the site have been proposed .
in 1876 , the problem was mitigated when new prisons were erected in marquette and ionia ; this only somewhat eased the overcrowding .
the risks mentioned can be mitigated by using other sources of information , e.g. glonass , galileo or multilateration .
their time is passed in an emotional atmosphere of joy and discovery , mitigated only by the influence of the mysterious ringmaster , who interferes several times with their activity , and by melanie 's conflict with ryan 's grandfather , who wishes ryan to " make the leap " across the arena and thereby contradicts melanie 's desire that all things remain " in status quo " forever .
this overhead can be mitigated using run length encoding .
the first is to insist that the inequalities between nations need to be mitigated ...
while the 1986 loss was mitigated by building the space shuttle " endeavour " from replacement parts , nasa has no plans to build another shuttle to replace the second loss , and instead may be transitioning to a new spacecraft called orion .
most of the reviews were united in being critical of the game lacking online features , and even though this was slightly mitigated by the free downloadable content later released , there was still a bit of disappointment , succinctly summed up by the armchair empire 's preference to " blow up [ their ] friends over xbox live than just have rankings and downloadable content " .
the information about rajyavardhana 's death , furnished by the banshkhera copper plate inscription of harsavardhana , is meagre , but the negative impressions created by the accounts of banabhatta and xuanzang are considerably mitigated when it is related in the inscription that rajyavardhana lost his life in keeping with the truth ( satyanurodhena ) in the abode of his enemy ( although the name of the enemy is not given ) .
these reports often indicate how significant impacts generated by the development will be mitigated - the cost of which is usually paid by the developer .
despite the one wall centre being the first traction elevator project by the company , most problems ran into during construction were mitigated .
this problem can be mitigated , however , by deploying an appropriate link budget strategy when designing the satellite network , and allocating a higher power consumption to reduce rain fade loss .
this second reason however is mitigated by features such as active directory group policy , or dhcp and automatic proxy detection .
the emergence of central banks mitigated the dangers associated with fractional reserve banking .
the risk can also be mitigated by use of static analysis tools that can detect this issue ( e.g. lint ) .
initial drops in water levels were mitigated by the construction of three rock - fill weirs on the chenal des quatre forches , revillon coupé , and riviere des rochers , the first of which was later removed due to complaints from muskrat trappers .
visible condensation on windowpanes and purlins that results in dripping can be somewhat mitigated with ventilation however insulation is the preferred method of condensation prevention .
cost concerns are mitigated to a degree due to the absence of physical structures and church buildings .
thereby also reoccupying the space vacated by oil and gas – has partially mitigated the problem .
the dark presence of selznak and an omnipresent , sinister witch is mitigated by light encounters with an inept stage magician , and an extraordinarily extended panegyric to the virtues of coffee .
some of auburn 's former rivals included the florida gators , the tennessee volunteers and the georgia tech yellow jackets , each of which was mitigated ( or , in the case of georgia tech , ended ) with the sec expansion and division restructuring , as well as past series with the clemson tigers and the florida state seminoles .
these reports often indicate how significant impacts generated by the development will be mitigated - the cost of which is usually paid by the developer .
this problem was mitigated in the design of the nuvvo logo , which in using two checkmarks for the two ' v 's , accentuates the peculiar spelling .
it is critical to increase the hardness of santoku steel so edge retention is maintained and " rolling " of the thin cutting edge is mitigated .
due to its industrial and social networks , the majority of residents work or study within the city , and has mitigated its transformation into a commuter town .
this problem can be mitigated by adding some domain knowledge in the move generation and a greater level of search depth on top of the random evolution .
the jacob blaustein institutes for desert research , a faculty of the ben - gurion university of the negev , has a solar energy research programme that has developed some interesting demonstrations of how the extremes of heat and cold experienced in the desert can be mitigated through efficient storage of heat during the day for release at night .
this problem can be mitigated with copious use of bypass capacitors placed connected across each power supply pin and ground .
these risks can be mitigated somewhat : for example , multiple recovery aircraft can be used .
only digby , tried on a separate indictment , pleaded guilty , insisting that the king had reneged upon promises of toleration for catholics , and that affection for catesby and love of the catholic cause mitigated his actions .
some of this harshness can be mitigated by using dolby b on playback .
by describing and analysing the situation , critical risks can be identified and mitigated by selecting actions and an appropriate strategy .
the risks of leachate generation can be mitigated by properly designed and engineered landfill sites , such as sites that are constructed on geologically impermeable materials or sites that use impermeable liners made of geotextiles or engineered clay .
numerous concepts in political science , such as john fenton 's ( 1966 ) distinction between policy - oriented states ( minnesota , wisconsin and north dakota ) and job - oriented states ( michigan , illinois , indiana and ohio ) reflect differences in the role of contemporary commercial interests in u.s. state governments ( although one could argue that the differences fenton saw may have been considerably mitigated - generally in the direction of the commercial state - in these midwestern states over the past 40 years . )
the transportation of specific types of lpg streams can be expensive so local disparities in economic conditions are often not fully mitigated by cross market movements of alkylation feedstocks .
security features introduced in then recently released internet explorer 7 mitigated some of these vulnerabilities .
although some believe that the increased flexibility allowed by the repeal of glass – steagall mitigated or prevented the failure of some american banks .
howson has been debilitated , at times , by spasmodic dysphonia which robbed him of his voice : gasping and stuttering ; it is periodically mitigated by botox injections into his larynx .
decreased focusing capability is mitigated by wearing a small plus - powered ( + 1.00 to + 1.50 ) over - the - counter pair of eyeglasses .
the lemur rests during the day , and it has a tendency to sleep in the open , which increases the risk of predation ; although this danger is somewhat mitigated by sleeping alone .
however , he did believe in a form of mitigated dualism , in which the soul plays a larger part in the process than the body .
targeted reinnervation could also utilize implantable electrodes to record more localized signals from the target muscle , so that crosstalk can be further mitigated 1 .
all of these problems have been substantially mitigated to varying degrees in the past two decades of research by using various beam smoothing techniques and beam energy diagnostics to balance beam to beam energy though rt instability remains a major issue .
in the case of a physical scarcity , stagflation is mitigated either by finding a replacement for the missing resources or by developing ways to increase economic productivity and energy efficiency so that more output is produced with less input .
regardless of original cause , this problem could be mitigated as the ' contextual help ' paradigm comes into play .
plank roads were particularly attractive as they greatly reduced rolling resistance and mitigated the problem of getting mired in mud .
return to operation ( rto ) is an itil term which describes the point at which business impact(s ) resulting from an incident have been mitigated such that users are able to perform their critical business processes unimpeded .
by providing certified open source distributions of a product , users can enjoy mitigated risk through enterprise - level support , consulting and training .
in another george macdonald 's tale , " little daylight " , the evil swamp - fairy , arriving uninvited , tries to continue her curse , claiming that the fairy who had mitigated hers had broken in when she was not done , but the fairies had wisely kept two fairies from giving their gifts until she had come , and the second one was able to mitigate the curse she added .
however the fuel tanks were inside the crew 's fighting compartment , presenting a greater risk of the crew being burned if the tanks were punctured , although this was mitigated by the use of less - flammable diesel fuel .
investors mitigated it by buying small shares of many ships at the same time .
in the latter half of the 20th century , much industry declined and withdrew from the region , though the effects have been somewhat mitigated by providence 's attempts to market part of the area as an industrial park .
unnecessary tensions which have been building themselves up among sister churches [ that ] have been worked out and ably mitigated or resolved , and light has been shed upon gross misrepresentations of coptic fundamental pre - occupations by western theologians and co - religionists . ”
however , as the tour progressed , it became evident that this intention was somewhat mitigated by the fact that thousands of fans who wished to see the band were shut out of shows because of the scarce availability of concert tickets .
according to arnold many in the wise use movement believe the possibility of unlimited economic growth in which environmental and social problems can be mitigated by market economy and the use of technology .
the time to achieve rto is measured from the beginning of the business impact until that business impact has been mitigated .
such effects can be mitigated by judicious use of casts or bitmasks ; for example , " codice_22 " effectively results in a logical shift .
still , the problem is mitigated with the addition of a few more toll gates — although only in a line ( vertically instead of horizontally ) .
" this effect can be mitigated by using other materials , such as bamboo and hemp .
while classic repos are generally credit - risk mitigated instruments , there are residual credit risks .
modern large wind turbines have mitigated these concerns , and have become a commercially important energy source .
and even the news that eldest son james has enlisted is mitigated by the fact that jewel , now pushing 40 , is pregnant with one last child .
prevent an instability , the effects of a disruption can be mitigated by various techniques .
however in the recent years this difference has mitigated , since milan is now owned by current conservative prime minister of italy silvio berlusconi and inter is owned by a centre - left businessman , massimo moratti .
however , these higher initial costs can be effectively mitigated by the savings incurred over time due to the lower - than - industry - standard operational costs which are typical of a leed certified building .
subsequent research has shown the o - t effect to be very wide ranging , but that its effects can be mitigated by proper macroeconomic measures taken to ensure a slow but steady decrease in inflation .
twinning can be mitigated by subjecting the crystal to compression stress in the x direction , or an ac or dc electric field along the x axis while the crystal cools through the phase transformation temperature region .
during interglacial times , such as at present , drowned coastlines were common , mitigated by isostatic or other emergent motion of some regions .
however , this is mitigated significantly with nearby development of shopping and recreation areas .
typically , rockfall events are mitigated in one of two ways : either by passive mitigation or active mitigation .
insurance losses stemming from flood damage were largely the responsibility of the property owner , although the consequences were sometimes mitigated through provisions for disaster aid .
the alliance mitigated the threat of domnall mac lochlainn , king of ailech , bringing stability to the irish sea world , and security to magnus ' new irish sea " empire . "
a combination of improved mechanical technology such as multi - stage injectors which fire a short " pilot charges " of fuel into the cylinder to initiate combustion before delivering the main fuel charge , higher injection pressures that have improved the atomisation of fuel into smaller droplets , and electronic control ( which can adjust the timing and length of the injection process to optimise it for all speeds and temperatures ) , have mostly mitigated these problems in the latest generation of common - rail designs , while improving engine efficiency .
using lower performing ddr2 memory in a system capable of higher performance results in the bus running at the rate of the lowest performance memory in use ; however , in many systems this performance hit can be mitigated to a small extent by setting the timings of the memory to a lower latency setting .
better design techniques developed in the 1980s largely mitigated this penalty and leading edge cuffs are used on current high performance light aircraft like the cirrus sr20 and lancair columbia .
this emphasis on business was in part mitigated by theodore roosevelt , mckinley 's successor after assassination , who engaged in trust - busting .
the effects of wear can be mitigated by frequent cleaning of the chain and other exposed drivetrain parts .
owner trusts allow credit risk to be mitigated by over - collateralization by using excess reserves and excess finance income to prepay securities before principal , which leaves more collateral for the other classes .
the weight of the skull was mitigated by numerous sinuses permeating the walls of the cranium , like those in an elephant 's skull .
the dam mitigated the effects of these dangerous floods such as in 1964 and 1973 and the effects the droughts in 1972 - 1973 and the drought of 1983 - 1984 that devastated east africa and somalia .
while this may , at first , seem like it would significantly increase file system fragmentation , the negative effect can be mitigated with readahead features on modern operating systems – when dealing with short files , several tails may be close enough to each another to be read together , and thus a disk seek is not introduced .
by this means , information - sharing is superior , and group domination is mitigated by having the experts separately come to their own conclusion before aggregating the hep scores .
in the court proceedings , reinhardt saw himself in the role of a financial expert who was limited to reich finances , mitigated penalties inflicted on jews , and otherwise had to bend other ministries ' decisions .
the blow dealt to the community 's industrial economy in the 1970s , was slightly mitigated by the presence of auto production plants in the metropolitan area .
while the departure terminal is fixed depending on destination , the terminal to be used by each arriving flight has to be confirmed two hours prior to arrival , causing cases of confusion amongst the travelling public , although a caas spokesman said that the confusion has since been relatively mitigated due to greater public awareness of the arrangement .
the effect of this error was somewhat mitigated by the construction of partitions on the floor below , which helped redistribute the excess load well such that no damage was incurred .
while this breakage can be mitigated by pouring the nuts through initially at very broad settings and only later at finer settings , this practice does not eliminate the breakage and destroys the efficiency aspect .
while light compared with punishments for murder , or even for many types of sexual crimes and sins , the appearance of this standard forty - day punishment is a clear indication that the medieval conscience still carried with it the gospel call for nonviolence , however mitigated by circumstances .
the problem could be mitigated by replacing the default power supply with a higher rated supply , such as the one supplied with the a500 .
this was generally mitigated by the small number of ships so equipped , generally operating in concert with coal - fired ships .
some risks are present in all breast milk , and are only mitigated by the use of infant formula .
unfortunately this coast is so popular with day - trippers and sunday drivers that at weekends the pleasure of a drive along sarıyer 's is mitigated by the crawling queues of traffic .
more recently , new zealand lgbt communities were concerned about the continued existence of the provocation defence ( section 169 of the crimes act ( nz ) 1961 ) argument which they held had mitigated the seriousness of homophobic homicides through reducing probable , intentional murder convictions to the lesser charge and penalty of manslaughter ( see gay panic defence ) .
however , by adopting vertical hand - overs ( hand - overs between different networks ) , the coverage issue can be considerably mitigated .
while there are potential hazards involved with solo diving , most of these can be planned for and mitigated by the proper use of redundancy in equipment .
this mitigated the danger but also drowned the several hundred crewmen manning those stations , who were given no notice that their compartments were about to fill with water .
often , ethical conflicts can be mitigated or enhanced by the actions of a sub - editor or picture editor , who takes control of the images once they have been delivered to the news organization .
also the evil effects of kethu during its transit period would be mitigated .
rarely ( depending on circumstances ) murder charges are " mitigated " and reduced to manslaughter charges .
such a range eliminates the need for placing radar absorbers behind the target , however multi - path interactions with the ground must be mitigated .
in criminal law , provocation is a possible defense by excuse or exculpation alleging a sudden or temporary loss of control ( a permanent loss of control is in the realm of insanity ) as a response to another 's provocative conduct sufficient to justify an acquittal , a mitigated sentence or a conviction for a lesser charge .
at that time more consideration was given to economic issues and how the effect on the community and the built environment could be mitigated – with schemes sometimes going so far as to relocate historic buildings affected by road schemes .
in heavy seas , they shipped large amounts of water ( only partially mitigated by the fitting of a hurricane bow during the scb-110/110a upgrades ) and corkscrewed in a manner that hampered landing operations .
the idea is that crime and delinquency can be controlled and mitigated through environmental design .
this difficulty is somewhat mitigated because all tau absorb didactic learning modules during their youth which impart the knowledge of many languages used by other species , including imperial gothic used by the imperium of man .
a key question , of course , was whether us intelligence could have prevented or mitigated the attacks , and how it might prevent future attacks .
plank roads were particularly attractive as they greatly reduced rolling resistance and mitigated the problem of getting mired in mud .
the leather valve along the top of the pipe tended to dry out and air could then leak in , but this was mitigated slightly by the passing trains spraying water on the leather .
many of the processes that deteriorate the strength of engineering concrete are surface water driven and can be mitigated by early preventative maintenance with a alkyl alkoxy impregnating silane .
if direct person to person communications are established between individuals at the nodes of each subsystem then potentially harmful open links can be mitigated or closed , and beneficial ones enacted .
in years when drought is particularly severe , the problem is mitigated if necessary , with occasional nocturnal restrictions during summer and water - bearing subterraneans exploitation .
in one of the studies , researchers at the national cancer institute also reported that the increased likelihood of hpv infection caused by n-9 was mitigated through the use of carrageenan - based lubricants mixed 1:1 with n-9 .
additionally , the loss of original righteousness is important to both concepts of what the essence of man is ( e.g. whether man is essentially perverse or some righteousness remains in a mitigated form ) , the nature of the resurrection of the dead into perfected flesh at the last judgment ( e.g. whether it is a figurative or literal recasting of perfected bodies for the risen ) , and the nature of the forcefulness of grace ( e.g. if man 's soul is entirely depraved , then grace must carry more force than if man has an echo of original righteousness ) .
the government acknowledges that the existence of a liability for chancel repair will , like any other legal obligation , affect the value of the property in question , but in many cases this effect can be mitigated by relatively inexpensive insurance .
the troubles of rural farm life are not mitigated by economic progress , however .
this is somewhat mitigated because the allied player ( because the usa broke the japanese code ) gets to move second in every phase , e.g. he can wait to see where the ijn raiders are placed before placing his own raiders , and in battle he can see the results of japanese attacks before allocating his own fire .
the practice of harvesting traditional foods – and to some extent medicines – is enthusiastically pursued , especially by older people , and this is likely to have mitigated the advent of those metabolic diseases which have elsewhere been so damaging .
a long - term planning for flood control in the kullu valley needs to be taken up immediately with the advice of an organisation having expertise in the field , and permanent measures shall be taken to protect the area so that recurrence of such a heavy flood is mitigated permanently .
in religion alaric was an arian , like all the early visigothic nobles , but he greatly mitigated the persecuting policy of his father euric toward the catholics and authorized them to hold in 506 the council of agde .
this device never worked as intended and was quickly discarded , and the whipover effect was greatly mitigated when the fie mandated stiffer sabre blades in the s2000 specification .
the injection - site reactions can be mitigated by rotating injection sites , or by using one of the medications that requires less frequent injections .
however the consequence of having a freeboard of only 15 feet or so were that the vessels were unable to cope with very rough seas , although this was mitigated by their spending most of their active service in the relatively calm mediterranean .
in an apib gun such as the mk 108 , this problem was mitigated by using a chamber longer than necessary to hold the cartridge case .
over time , however , these legal differences were mitigated with legislation .
part of this problem is mitigated by the use of rail anchors , which grips the rail at the bottom and anchors it to a railroad tie .
gladwell brings up the concept in the context of how crews relate to each other in the cockpit of a commercial airliner , graphically illustrating the degree to which mitigated speech can be detrimental in high risk situations which require clear communication .
a bustless , waistless silhouette emerged and aggressive dressing - down was mitigated by feather boas , embroidery , and showy accessories .
contaminants such as metals , pesticides , solvents , explosives , crude oil and its derivatives , have been mitigated in phytoremediation projects worldwide .
these are thought to have derived from nosegays which would have mitigated the smell of some of the less salubrious parts of the town in times past .
this was mitigated by adding considerable torsional rigidity to the wings , and was wholly cured when the mk .
recent changes have mitigated the complexity and difficulty somewhat .
resistance to colonial rule was mitigated to the extent that local authorities and courts were able to manage affairs .
but when the founder had mitigated his rule somewhat , three more monasteries were founded and three others reformed and united with the order during his lifetime .
the latter proposal , which became law as the deodands act 1846 , to some extent mitigated railway hostility .
the dreyfus affair , however , mitigated these nationalist tendencies by prompting public skepticism about the competence of the military .
during the perón years , the bank began advancing home ownership by promoting direct lending to builders , and by allowing an accelerated amortization of its loans , whereby borrowers ' 4% mortgages were mitigated further by inflation , which averaged 26% from 1944 to 1974 ; as two - thirds of the institution 's loans at the time were on a 15- or 20-year basis , this became an important subsidy for local borrowers , extending home ownership to a majority of households .
although the forty days of great lent end on the day before lazarus saturday , the day is still observed as a fast ; however , it is somewhat mitigated .
lizzie ’s social position , physical appearance , and public performance all mitigated against a guilty verdict .
this risk can be mitigated by leaving plenty of rope at the working end outside of the knot , and by dressing the knot cleanly and tightening it as fully as possible before loading .
the screen door effect on dlp projectors can be mitigated by deliberately setting the projected image slightly out of focus , which blurs the boundaries of each pixel to its neighbor .
the loss of private agricultural and forest land has been or will be mitigated by the acquisition of private land at an above - market rate .
there are passages on the taste of local foods , the strange patois , mitigated by methodical learning .
plastic and fibreglass reinforced plastic are combustible and their effect is easily mitigated through the use of fire retardants or fireproofing .
modern transport links and means of communication have mitigated this and done much to foster a sense of nationhood , but social and political instability , and in particular fears of armed groups and bandits on intercity highways , have contributed to the maintenance of very clear regional differences .
he also featured in ireland 's historic victory over the west indies at the belfast venue in june 2004 , when three valuable wickets mitigated the 67 runs mooney surrendered off his ten overs .
the financial consequences of the collapse of their company were mitigated be a series of three benefit performances , in coordination with the local russian - language theater company .
this discipline , which was rapidly mitigated , ceased to be observed by the close of the fourth century .
unlike other major bridges , the traffic disruption that this causes can be mitigated in part by the diversion of traffic through one of the dartford tunnels which were in place before the bridge opened .
the effects of this disparity are mitigated by three factors : education , medicine , and land tenure .
offenders between fourteen and sixteen years of age are to be held criminally liable only if they commit homicide , robbery , arson , or " other offenses which gravely jeopardize public order , " and offenders between sixteen and eighteen years of age " shall be given a lighter or mitigated penalty . " in most cases juvenile offenders charged with minor infractions are dealt with by neighborhood committees or other administrative means .
its theorists believed that even if markets and private property could be tamed so as not to be excessively " exploitative " , or crises could be effectively mitigated , capitalist social relations would remain significantly unjust and anti - democratic , suppressing universal human needs for fulfilling , empowering and creative work , diversity and solidarity .
criticisms can be mitigated by review and testing procedures to detect fraudulent code or hardware , if such things are present , and thorough a verifiable chain of custody to prevent the insertion of such hardware or software .
spring frosts often mitigated by proximity to suisun bay .
in addition , non - target sensitivity is mitigated by the environmental characteristics of spinosad , including rapid dissipation in the water column , sorption and binding of residues with sediment and lack of bioaccumulation in living tissues .
the severity of discomfort can be mitigated somewhat by riding position , but is essentially inherent in most designs of upright bicycle .
failure - to - warn defects arise in products that carry inherent nonobvious dangers which could be mitigated through adequate warnings to the user , and these dangers are present regardless of how well the product is manufactured and designed for its intended purpose .
fortunately , some of these effects can in part be mitigated by leukoreduction of blood transfusions or avoidance of blood transfusions .
in a related phenomenon connected to the company 's promotion tactics , news stories reported cases of elderly americans travelling to florida in an effort to collect the money ( the company , at least for some time , routed their mail through st. petersburg , florida ) , that they believed they had won , because of the promotional language contained in the sweepstakes entry forms ( for instance , their frequently used phrase you may have already won $ 10,000,000 ! , although mitigated by an introductory line that stated " if you have the winning number ... , " led people to believe that they had already won the major prize ) .
upon the vasus appealing to vashishta 's mercy , the seven vasus who had assisted in stealing nandini had their curse mitigated such that they would be liberated from their human birth as soon as they were born ; however , prabhasa being protagonist of the theft , was cursed to endure a longer life on the earth .
these “ off - design ” conditions can be mitigated to a certain extent by providing some flexibility in the compressor .
the controversy can be mitigated by only embedding the characters required to view the document , but this necessarily prohibits addition of previously unused characters to the document .
it has been found that with low phosphate levels , " p. aeruginosa " is activated from benign symbiont to express lethal toxins inside the intestinal tract and severely damage or kill the host , which can be mitigated by providing excess phosphate instead of antibiotics .
it was thought that by combining the antiemetic effects of diphenhydramine with a stimulant , the extreme drowsiness induced by the former could be mitigated somewhat by the latter .
therefore , canaerospace recommends to limit the bandwidth usage to 50% of the maximum bandwidth so that unpredictability is mitigated .
this was somewhat mitigated by two communists winning seats on the toronto board of education .
in fact , historically , it can be said that it is has been more common for an idd to be performed than for an odd to be performed , despite strong academic arguments and empirical evidence that overall risk ( ie , investment risk and operational risk ) is best capable of being understood and mitigated where both an idd and an odd are performed .
where harsher flavours do exist in beer ( most notably in those brewed in yorkshire ) , these are traditionally mitigated by serving the beer through a hand pump fitted with a " sparkler " , a device that mixes air with the beer , oxidising it slightly and softening the flavour .
recent studies show that breast cancer is linked to several environmental and genetic factors which can be controlled or mitigated .
this source of error is known as gibbs phenomenon and it may be mitigated by simply ensuring that all significant content lies near the center of the transparency , or through the use of window functions which smoothly taper the field to zero at the frame boundaries .
this effect is often mitigated by reducing aluminum particle size , inducing turbulence ( and therefore a long characteristic path length and residence time ) , and/or by reducing the aluminum content to ensure a combustion environment with a higher net oxidizing potential , ensuring more complete aluminum combustion .
although the forty days of great lent end on the day before lazarus saturday , the day is still observed as a fast ; however , it is somewhat mitigated .
the " soaking " rule was mitigated by the lightness of the ball , about 2 - 1/2 ounces compared to 5 ounces for a modern baseball .
the rose - colored towers of new york appear , a vision whose harshness is mitigated by distance . "
this effect can be partly mitigated by using thinner photoresist .
according to a theistic view , the effects of one 's bad karma may be mitigated .
the improvements are designed to widen bridges and create significantly more merging space so that collision hazards are mitigated .
trunchbull 's violence to children is also slightly mitigated .
when akasha and enkil become vampires , they made khayman bring maharet and mekare back into egypt to find out how their insatiable bloodlust can be mitigated .
risks that fall into the " unacceptable " category ( e.g. , high severity and high probability ) must be mitigated by some means to reduce the level of safety risk .
perceived cons of vacation rentals can include having to communicate directly with the property owner , being unfamiliar with the property , lack of on - site staff , and concerns about quality or cleanliness -- however , these are most often mitigated by dealing with villa or vacation rental agencies that manage vacation properties for owners and they offer many of the same services hotels offer to their guests , e.g. , front desk check - in , 24-hour maintenance , in - house housekeeping , concierge service .
this is mitigated in part by 11 - 15 cards remaining valid from first issue until the end of the academic year in which the cardholder turns 16 .
the risks to the employer can sometimes be mitigated by discretionary elements in the benefit structure , for instance in the rate of increase granted on accrued pensions , both before and after retirement .
a sufficiently traumatic impact to retear the acl is unlikely to be mitigated by the use of a brace .
the one piece construction of the monolithic dome also eliminates many of the seams through which air can leak , though this is mitigated to some degree in residential domes by the addition of multiple doors and windows .
generally , this limitation is mitigated by ensuring that the fusion proteins of interest are expressed at endogenous concentrations .
the characters ' temperament has notably changed over the years ; originally depicted as more awkward and oblivious but otherwise normal , after a time his more " stupid " characteristics became far more exaggerated though this has been mitigated somewhat as of late in favor of plain weirdness .
this effect can be mitigated by explicit selection of those rules the parser will memoize .
this process is an interactive experience as players can be shot down upon entry by players and anti - aircraft turrets alike , though these situations can be avoided or mitigated by using the " air - brake " feature which allows the player to make mid - air adjustments .
this can be mitigated by first bringing the matrix " a " to upper hessenberg form ( which costs formula_2 arithmetic operations using a technique based on householder reduction ) , with a finite sequence of orthogonal similarity transforms , somewhat like a two - sided qr decomposition .
the potential financial gains for house atreides are mitigated by the fact that mining melange from the desert surface of arrakis is an expensive and hazardous undertaking , thanks to the treacherous environment and constant threat of giant sandworms which protect the spice .
in particular , mr murphy ’s obligation to deliver to ms egan a dramatic and media - worthy response mitigated against a considered and measured resolution ”
commonly , the molecules of mitochondrial dna in eukaryotes is circular and replication and transcription result in topological stress that is mitigated by enzymes called topoisomerases .
it requires vehicular traffic in all directions to stop , losing time for motorists and reducing an intersection 's vehicular capacity , although it may be mitigated by time gained removing pedestrian signals across individual streets .
in the test strategy is described how the product risks of the stakeholders are mitigated in the test levels , which test types are performed in the test levels , and which entry and exit criteria apply .
by adopting a launch on warning nuclear posture , the possibility of a first - strike can be significantly mitigated .
not only are the specific effects of development to be mitigated , but attempts are made to minimize the overall effect of development on the local and global environment .
while it does suffer from an inherent cross - term contamination when analyzing multi - component signals , by using a carefully chosen window function , the interference can be significantly mitigated .
again , this issue can be mitigated due to the offering of risers ( usually with storage drawers underneath ) to raise the door opening closer to the user 's level .
the dpb , introduced in statutory form in 1973 , mitigated these difficulties .
this hazard is mitigated , but not entirely eliminated with vacuum distillation .
when a feast day occurs on a fast day , the fast is often mitigated ( lessened ) to some degree ( though meat and dairy are never consumed on any fast day ) .
but mock 's age mitigated against his assuming the presidency at the upcoming membership convention .
generally , transhumanism holds that the potential benefits are at least equal in scope and magnitude to the existential risks ( or that the risky technology would be impossible to prevent regardless ) , and many transhumanists , including bostrom , are actively engaged in consideration of how these risks might best be reduced or mitigated .
" el días challenges were not mitigated by the return to democracy in 1973 .
while this idea was not uncommon during swedenborg 's own time , it is mitigated by his activity in the swedish riddarhuset ( the house of the nobility ) , the riksdag ( the swedish parliament ) , and the royal swedish academy of sciences .
for a propellant depot to effectively store cryogenic fluids , boil - off caused by heating from solar and other sources must be mitigated or eliminated .
if archaeologists determine the site contains highly significant cultural remains , the adverse development effects on the site must be mitigated through a structured programme that is often long and expensive .
in 2008 , mark moir presented at sun labs open house 2008 rock 's transactional memory and how to exploit it , discussing transactional memory as well as scouting threads and how these mitigated the computing problems not solved by innovative use of massive thread counts of slower processors .
the drop in local sales could not be mitigated by exports outside of the australian and new zealand market .
many residents on thorncliffe park drive are at considerable walking distance from shops , although this problem is mitigated somewhat , even in winter , by well kept sidewalks and walkways and by frequent bus service .
however the use of high altitudes by usaaf bombers resulted in factors that demanded a tighter bomb pattern and the combat box continued in use even after the advent of fighter escort largely mitigated the threat of fighter interception .
most of these criticisms have centered on the sustainment - load pack and frame , due to the external plastic frame being too fragile and subject to breaking in the field ( since mitigated ) , that the zippers have a tendency to burst when stuffed full , and that the pack 's straps lack sufficient length to easily accommodate body armor .
the church suffered oppression during this period , as did organized religion throughout the soviet union , which was partly mitigated from 1943 to 1958 and in the last years of the soviet union under mikhail gorbachev .
this paucity of available material has been mitigated to some extent in the internet age , with an appreciable slice of his journalism gradually becoming available online .
various forms of dll hell have been solved or mitigated over the years .
the risks to the employer can sometimes be mitigated by discretionary elements in the benefit structure , for instance in the rate of increase granted on accrued pensions , both before and after retirement .
during interglacial times , such as at present , drowned coastlines were common , mitigated by isostatic or other emergent motion of some regions .
this business approach is centered on the belief that property losses can be prevented or mitigated .
the assembly of the republic ( " cumhuriyet meclisi " ) has 50 members , elected for a five year term by mitigated proportional representation .
although philby 's damage was mitigated for several years by his transfer as head of station in turkey , he later returned and was the sis intelligence liaison officer at the embassy in washington d.c ..
since the short story format includes a wide range of genres and styles , the actual length is mitigated somewhere between the individual author 's preference ( or the story 's actual needs in terms of creative trajectory or story arc ) and the submission guidelines relevant to the story 's actual market .
this was mitigated to 17% by disabling dma while the crt scanned right to left .
this could be mitigated by smoothing or averaging out the data but this caused delays in the feedback loop that enabled the target to escape .
a recent court decision somewhat mitigated this rule , in some northeastern states .
to some extent , these longer process times can be mitigated by increasing the temperature of the reaction area .
keeping these issues in view , the building and construction improvement program ( bacip ) set out to improve the living condition by developing several home – improvement products that mitigated the negative impact of planning and building inefficiencies on these traditional households and lessened the burden on the surrounding environment .
the high cost of carbon fiber is mitigated by the material 's unsurpassed strength - to - weight ratio , and low weight is essential for high - performance automobile racing .
a period of decline in clan fortunes was mitigated with the rise of the tokugawa clan .
the project mitigated for the trans - basin diversion by creating the uinta and upalco units .
this has been somewhat mitigated due to online acknowledgement agreements requiring the client to read or scroll through the notice and check a box to accept terms .
there can be no doubt that for the majority of the pillar hermits the extreme austerity of which we read in the lives of the simeons and of alypius was somewhat mitigated .
marathon 's humanitarian efforts have mitigated some of the criticism resulting from their dealings with nguema 's regime .
conversely noise pollution is mitigated by cut sections since an effective blockage of line of sight sound propagation is created by the depressed roadway design .
however , the impact of this decision was mitigated as williams was separately sentenced to five years imprisonment for having unprotected sex with two other women without disclosing his hiv positive status .
moreover , because coherent detection allows an optical signal ’s phase and polarization to be detected and therefore measured and processed , transmission impairments which previously presented challenges to accurate data reception , can , in theory , be mitigated electronically when an optical signal is converted into the electronic domain .
