in 1654 rich began to show his millenarian colours by associating with fifth monarchist critics of the cromwellian regime .
manuel marques de sousa , count of porto alegre ( june 13 , 1804–july 18 , 1875 ) , was a brazilian military officer , monarchist and politician .
almost all the resistance was anti - monarchist .
the german government was accused of being behind zhang xun 's monarchist coup in china to prevent duan qirui 's pro - war faction from supporting the allies .
v. d. nabokov attended a cd political conference in berlin on 28 march 1922 , when a russian monarchist approached the stage singing the tsarist national anthem and opened fire at the politician and publisher pavel miliukov .
this phenomenon was the inspiration for the founding in 1970 of the monarchist league of canada ( mlc ) as an organised way for citizens to voice their opposition to any downplaying of the crown .
russian monarchist party - russian monarchic , nationalist organisation , has arisen in the spring of 1905 in moscow . with 1907
the monarchist league had become virtually dormant by the mid-1980s , although michael wynne - parker continued to engage in debates on behalf of the league , such as the one in 1982 at wymondham college , norfolk , when the motion , proposed by a mr. matehall , a member of the communist party , was " this house would abolish the monarchy " .
from her various speeches and her general disposition , we can surmise that she favours a monarchist system of government with a style of aristocratic meritocracy operating beneath it .
also on december 5 , 1848 , the berlin assembly was dissolved and replaced with the bi - cameral legislature allowed under the monarchist constitution .
the " fédérés " of 1792 effected a transformation of the guard from a constitutional monarchist force into a republican revolutionary force .
a founder member of acción española , vegas latapie was noted for his extreme monarchism to the point that he lost faith variously in alfonso xiii , his son juan and grandson juan carlos , to whom he was a tutor , as he felt that they were not monarchist enough .
returned to parliament as a monarchist candidate again during 1889 , arenberg continued his opposition to republican government .
preto was one of the leaders of the people 's monarchist party in the period between the carnation revolution ( 1974 ) and his death ( 1977 ) .
though not a monarchist himself , griffith advocated such an approach for the anglo - irish relationship .
as the assembly began to divide into factions , lameth , a constitutional monarchist , was identified with the feuillants .
udd has also been criticized as an ' anti - monarchist ' movement .
he has lectured to the monarchist league of canada .
although italy has been a republic since 1946 , volunteer members of italian monarchist organisations maintain a vigil over the royal tombs in the pantheon .
the russian revolution of february 1917 had a great effect in bulgaria , spreading antiwar and anti - monarchist sentiment among the troops and in the cities .
these guns were used in the battles of the russo - japanese war and world war i. after the collapse of the russian empire in 1917 m1902 guns were employed by different factions : bolshevist red army , monarchist or counter - revolution white guard , nationalist forces in russian - minority areas , national armies of poland and finland and simply anarchists and bandits throughout the vast territories of former imperial russia .
in the 1998 constitutional convention for the republic he represented monarchist group safeguard the people .
many ( but not all ) of its members had monarchist sympathies of varying flavors : constitutional vs. autocratic , romanov vs. non - romanov oriented .
konstantin nikolayevich leontyev ( ) ( 1831–1891 ) was a conservative , monarchist reactionary russian philosopher who advocated closer cultural ties between russia and the east in order to oppose the catastrophic egalitarian , utilitarian and revolutionary influences from the west .
thus , by the time of canada 's formation in 1867 , constitutional monarchy was , after their analysis of the american republic , unanimously selected by the fathers of confederation led by the monarchist john a. macdonald , and including delegates from quebec and approved of by the four elected legislatures of upper and lower canada , nova scotia , and new brunswick .
following a failed royalist coup , the monarchist parties abstained , leading to a landslide for the liberals and their allies .
with his power secure , many of yuan 's supporters , notably monarchist yang du , advocated for a revival of the monarchy , asking yuan to take on the title of emperor .
he was also chairman of the london - based russian monarchist league , and chaired their annual dinner on 6 march 1986 , when the guest - of - honour was the mp , john biggs - davison .
at the trial for the portella della ginestra massacre , gaspare pisciotta said : " those who have made promises to us are called bernardo mattarella , prince alliata , the monarchist mp marchesano and also signor scelba , minister for home affairs … it was marchesano , prince alliata and bernardo mattarella who ordered the massacre of portella di ginestra .
monarchist groups are strictly banned under the government of the islamic republic and supporters are typically subject to imprisonment should their affiliation be made public .
henceforth and for several decades , greek political life would be dominated by two opposing forces : liberal , republican venizelism and conservative , monarchist anti - venizelism .
in 1905 , sun joined forces with other anti - monarchist societies in tokyo to form the " tongmenghui " or the revolutionary alliance , a group committed to the overthrow of the qing dynasty and the establishment of a republican government .
however , he was then imprisoned and charged of treason for supporting the monarchist faction that wanted a monarchy as government for the new nation .
the treaty of paris of 1783 ended the american war for independence and sent a wave of monarchist refugees northward to quebec and nova scotia .
the left wing favored class struggle , land reform , autonomy to the regions and reduction in church and monarchist power .
both qutb and the muslim brotherhood welcomed the coup against the monarchist government — which they saw as un - islamic and subservient to british imperialism — and enjoyed a close relationship with the movement prior to and immediately following the coup .
however , on account of his monarchist political views throughout the political crises of the 1860s , and of his almost bigoted roman catholicism , he was regarded by liberal politicians as a reactionary , and , unlike the other army commanders , he was not granted a money reward for his services .
it is also against parliamentarism , pro - decentralization , national syndicalist , highly roman catholic , and monarchist .
de broglie was born in rome , italy where his father , monarchist politician albert , 4th duc de broglie held a diplomatic post .
described by " der spiegel " as a " fervent admirer " of empress zita , he was part of the monarchist committee which organized her funeral in 1989 .
these included the monarchist georges - paul wagner .
pequito rebelo was involved in the monarchist uprising of 1919 and suffered serious wounds in the fighting .
consequently , during the afternoon of 24 december 1942 , a 20-year - old french monarchist , fernand bonnier de la chapelle , entered darlan 's headquarters in algiers and shot him twice .
one of the émigrés , prince irakli of the house of mukhrani ( a collateral branch of the bagrationi dynasty ) ( 1909 - 1977 ) , tried to enlist the support of european powers for a georgian monarchist cause .
although he was not fundamentally anti - monarchist , he was forced to this stance when charles refused to recognise the legality of the court or answer the charges of tyranny against him .
the jangal ( jungle ) movement ' " , in gilan , was a rebellion against the monarchist rule of the qajar central government of iran .
he has pro monarchist views and is pro the controversial law of denationalisation in serbia .
it thus saw its main task as the defense of the weimar republic against enemies from the national socialist , monarchist and communist camps .
extract ” that portrayed meslier as a fellow - deist and entirely suppressed meslier ’s anti - monarchist , proto - communist opinions .
there also existed the independent militaries such as the green army and the revolutionary insurrectionary army of ukraine aka the “ black army ” of nestor makhno , officially against the communist reds and the monarchist whites — although they did establish opportunistic alliances with either nemesis .
puritan authors such as john milton were forced to retire from public life or adapt , and those diggers , fifth monarchist , leveller , quaker , and anabaptist authors who had preached against monarchy and who had participated directly in the regicide of charles i were partially suppressed .
as a result , groza 's government was permanently estranged from the united states and great britain , who nominally supported the waning influence of the monarchist forces under king michael i.
he was a staunch monarchist , possibly due to his father 's generous treatment by queen victoria , even hanging a portrait of oliver cromwell upside - down in his lavatory at blo ' norton .
military gains made by the monarchist ethiopian democratic union in begemder were rolled back when that party split just as it was on the verge of capturing the old capital of gondar .
the last monarchist rebellion occurred in 1904 , in what was called the vaccine revolt .
the june rebellion or the republican insurrection in paris in june 1832 was an unsuccessful , anti - monarchist uprising of parisian students from june 5 to june 6 , 1832 .
in 1995 , " the economist " referred to him as " an ephemeral catholic monarchist "
a monarchist is an individual who supports this form of government out of principle , independent from the person , the monarch .
the young monarchist group is coordinated by university students tom richards , graeme scotchmer , and daniel whaley .
in 1945 , toward the end of world war ii , he was one of those who attempted to form a republican government in exile , hoping to reach an accord with the monarchist opposition to francisco franco , ruler of spain since the end of the civil war , with at view to restoring spanish democracy .
similar ideas were expressed by the evraziitsi party and the pro - monarchist mladorossi .
as part of a fifth monarchist deputation rich criticized the parliament , " whereby power is derived from the people , whereas all power belongs to christ " .
the royalist deputies supported marshall macmahon , a declared monarchist of the legitimist party , as president of the republic .
cyril held his court - in - exile in france and erected a functioning machinery for the monarchist movement .
albanian democratic monarchist movement party ( in albanian : " partia lëvizja monarkiste demokrate shqiptare " ) is a political party in albania led by guri durollari .
maurras was born in an old provençal family , and brought up by his mother and grand - mother in a catholic and monarchist environment .
having run an even cheaper campaign than the monarchist party , jim was brought on board and dubbed sir james of parking lot 4 .
pmp is member of international monarchist conference .
the center - right coalition aliança democrática , formed by the psd , the cds , and the monarchist party , the ppm , was in power ; the ps had been voted out of office , and the pcp was politically isolated .
( 29 october 1879 2 may 1969 ) was a german nobleman , roman catholic monarchist politician , general staff officer , and diplomat , who served as chancellor of germany in 1932 and as vice - chancellor under adolf hitler in 1933–1934 .
on august 3 , 1921 he was arrested by cheka on allegation of participation in monarchist conspiracy .
vietnamese constitutional monarchist league .
the battle of preston started from longridge , cromwell halting there before taking on monarchist forces from scotland .
on 1 january 1933 , alfonso and some thirty other monarchist prisoners escaped in a boat , travelling 1800 miles to lisbon .
degrelle 's actions inside the catholic party saw him come into opposition with the mainstream of the same party , many of whom were monarchist conservatives or centrists .
following the overthrow of the monarchist regime on february 11 , 1979 ( 22 bahman 1357 ) , members of the old regime : senior generals , were executed by revolutionary leadership .
inspired for the monarchist " gaspar silveira martins " , it had as military head " gumercindo saraiva " .
a monarchist , he was during these years close to the italian liberal party ( pli ) , and became representant of the pli at the national liberation committee ( " comitato di liberazione nazionale " ) .
being a committed monarchist himself , bismarck could not envision any effective constitutional check to the power of the emperor , thus placing a time bomb in a foundation of the state he created .
in 2004 national mp richard worth , an avowed monarchist , questioned whether the government had considered that the earl of wessex be the next governor - general .
as a rightwing conservative and monarchist who would have preferred to see crown prince wilhelm , kaiser wilhelm ii 's eldest son , succeed adolf hitler , popitz became active in the resistance circles beginning in 1938 , including the group around carl friedrich goerdeler .
alberto ( played by diogo morgado ) is a young portuguese monarchist who in 1912 is exiled to brazil .
rect 481 80 492 120 monarchist national party 2,78
henrique mitchell de paiva cabral couceiro ( são mamede parish , lisbon 30 december 1861 - são sebastião da pedreira parish , lisbon , 11 february 1944 ) , son of a portuguese father and an irish mother , was a portuguese soldier , colonial governor , and monarchist politician .
ndp is member of the international monarchist conference .
burgess was a conservative catholic and monarchist , harbouring a distaste for all republics .
the " blocco " obtained 29 percent of the vote , while the ( christian democrat party ) got 20.5% and the qualunquist - monarchist bloc came third with 14% .
charles maurras , a monarchist writer and founder of the " action française " movement , judged that pétain 's accession to power was , in that respect , a " divine surprise " ; and many people of the same political persuasion judged that it was preferable to have an authoritarian government similar to that of francisco franco 's spain , albeit under germany 's yoke , than have a republican government .
" kuehnelt - leddihn often argued that majority rule in democracies is a threat to individual liberties , and declared himself a monarchist and an enemy of all forms of totalitarianism .
in 1796 , with the situation in the capital and government apparently stabilised and the war going poorly ( see also : french revolutionary wars ) , napoleon lobbied to join the armies attempting to secure the revolution against the invading monarchist forces .
he escaped a first assassination attempt , but was shot on december 14 , 1918 by josé júlio da costa ( great - grandfather of the present mayor of lisbon antónio costa ) , at rossio railway station , in lisbon , when he was preparing to board a train to porto , to hold discussions with the monarchist leaders of the northern military juntas .
a staunch monarchist , he was a leading figure in action française .
additionally , some conservative commentators such as the institute of public affairs , australians for constitutional monarchy and australian monarchist league criticised what they saw as the unrepresentative nature of the delegates , which in their view biased the final report towards republicanism and ideas such as constitutional reform and a bill of rights .
though political scholar david smith theorised that the canadian monarchy had benefited from the dearth of discussion around it , he also expressed his feeling that those monarchist arguments in favour of the crown that focused on legalities , despite their strong legislative and logical foundations , were actually counter - productive , serving only to further distance average canadians from their monarchy , which they perceived mostly through the filter of mass media .
in response to this statement , on 5 july 2006 nuno da câmara pereira , member of the portuguese parliament , then leader of the people 's monarchist party addressed the president of the assembly of the republic , asking for a clarification as to the official recognition of dom duarte as claimant to the throne and as duke of braganza .
others include : neo - monarchist pamyat , and movement against illegal immigration .
lüttwitz , an organiser of " freikorps " units in the wake of world war i , and a fervent monarchist , responded by calling on president friedrich ebert and defense minister gustav noske to stop the whole programme of troop reductions .
a loyal monarchist , lord st john enjoys a close relationship with the british royal family soon after elevation to the lords , photographs of him in purple bedroom slippers appeared in hello ! magazine lounging in the bedroom of his northampton rectory a signed photograph of the late princess margaret prominently displayed .
the combined mexican monarchist and french forces won victories up until 1865 , but then the tide began to turn against them , in part because the american civil war had ended .
in historical and monarchist references to formerly reigning families , " dynastic " describes a family member who would have succession rights if the monarchy 's rules were still in force .
although a self - proclaimed monarchist himself , franco had no particular desire for a king yet , and as such , he left the throne vacant , with himself as " de facto " regent .
the " abwehr " also predicted the cretan population would welcome the germans as liberators , due to their strong republican and anti - monarchist feelings , and would want to receive the " … favorable terms which had been arranged on the mainland … "
today , there are no known monarchist movements in finland nor any pretenders to any of the earlier planned or actual positions of dukes , grand dukes or kings of finland .
he was also an active freemason and shriner , and is a life member of the monarchist league of canada and the royal canadian legion .
this was not merely a by - product of the kulturkampf but part of an integrated strategy to promote republicanism in france by strategically and ideologically isolating the clerical - monarchist regime of president marie edme macmahon ( 1808 - 93 ) .
the revolt was an anti - monarchist , anti - feudal autonomist movement inspired by the italian republics .
rolo the anti - monarchist .
feigl was a long - time monarchist activist , and in 2006 was awarded honorary membership of the black - yellow alliance , which favors the return of the house of habsburg to power .
luis was seen by his parents as the only member of the imperial family capable of helping the monarchist movement in brazil .
a group of bishops who had left russia in the wake of the russian civil war gathered in sremski - karlovci , yugoslavia , and adopted a pro - monarchist stand .
the austrian monarchist erik von kuehnelt - leddihn proposed that the 25-point program was pro - labour : “ the program championed the right to employment , and called for the institution of profit sharing , confiscation of war profits , prosecution of userers and profiteers , nationalization of trusts , communalization of department stores , extension of the old - age pension system , creation of a national education program of all classes , prohibition of child labour , and an end to the dominance of investment capital . ” whereas historian william brustein proposes that said program points , and party founder anton drexler ’s statements , indicate that the nazi party ( nsdap ) originated as a working - class political party .
it is written from a monarchist perspective , it is a romantic thriller set against the background of contemporary subversion and conflict in the celtic countries .
doulcet was subsequently elected to the french directory 's council of five hundred , but was suspected of royalist sympathies , and had to spend some time in retirement between anti - monarchist coup of 18 fructidor ( 4 september 1797 ) and the establishment of the consulate ( the 18 brumaire coup of 9 november 1799 ) .
in portugal it is a monarchist and traditionalist movement of ideas and not a republican and state capitalist movement as was fascism .
in january 1908 , many of the nation 's prominent politicians committed to the revolutionary intentions of the republican party , were arrested , including several members of the ostensibly - monarchist progressive party .
these criticisms were seen to be summed up by one of its members , praise - god barebone , a leather seller , fifth monarchist and lay preacher from fleet street in london .
drexler followed the typical views of militant nationalists of time , such as opposing the treaty of versailles , having anti - semitic , anti - monarchist , and anti - marxist views , and believing in the superiority of germans whom nationalists claimed to be part of the aryan " master race " ( " herrenvolk " ) , but he also accused international capitalism of being a jewish - dominated movement and denounced capitalists for war profiteering in world war i. drexler saw the situation of political violence and instability in germany as the result of the new weimar republic being out - of - touch with the masses , especially the lower classes .
the government and the irish media wrongly blamed sinn féin , then a small monarchist political party with little popular support for the rebellion , even though in reality it had not been involved .
the international monarchist league , founded in 1943 , which has been very influential in canada and australia , has always sought to promote monarchy on the grounds that it strengthens popular liberty , both in a democracy and in a dictatorship , because by definition the monarch is not beholden to politicians .
the separate international monarchist league in australia replaced it as an affiliate in 2006 .
a persistent libertarian and monarchist critique of democracy is the claim that it encourages the elected representatives to change the law without necessity , and in particular to pour forth a flood of new laws .
many of these , such as the german revolution , were defeated by monarchist military units .
being a monarchist , however , was no impediment for his success as a diplomat : the baron of rio branco reached the heights of his career during the republic , when he acted as minister of foreign affairs for 10 years and settled all of brazil 's remaining border disputes by peaceful means .
in revolutionary times the vendée had been a hotbed of monarchist sympathies but now it was fiercely republican .
originally a nationalist organization , which attracted figures such as maurice barrès , it became monarchist under the influence of maurras , following the earlier ideas of counter - revolutionary theorist joseph de maistre .
one edition of " the monarchist " appeared that year and nothing at all the following year .
in 1911 - 1912 miguel took part in the monarchist uprisings in portugal led by henrique mitchell de paiva couceiro , in an unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the first portuguese republic .
he became an associate of king norodom sihanouk , and by the late 1940s , when he set up a right - wing , monarchist , pro - independence political group , was becoming increasingly involved in the developing cambodian political scene .
another popular campaign slogan was " both the sga ( student government association ) and the monarchist party are jokes .
with the rise of the national socialist party , freiherr von lehár was , as a dedicated austrian - hungarian monarchist , soon considered suspect .
carrero blanco himself was a monarchist .
this has sometimes been adduced as evidence that cromwell shared harrison 's fifth monarchist beliefs , welcoming the assembly as the start of christ 's kingdom on earth .
many members of the oas terrorist group during the algerian war ( 1954 - 62 ) were part of the monarchist movement .
the people 's party ( cds / pp ) , the left bloc ( be ) , the unitarian democratic coalition ( cdu ) and the people 's monarchist party ( ppm ) are also represented in the local parliament .
the kke boycotted the march 1946 elections , which were won by the monarchist united patriotic party ( " inomeni parataxis ethnikofronon " ) , the main member of which was konstantinos tsaldaris ' people 's party .
he was a leader and principal thinker of " action française " , a political movement that was monarchist , anti - parliamentarist , and counter - revolutionary .
at that time , his anti - monarchist platform and his demands for the national autonomy of azerbaijan , aligned him with social democrats and future communists .
both hecker and struve belonged to the radical democratic , anti - monarchist wing of the revolutionaries .
under adolf hitler 's national socialist ( nazi ) party , which laid to rest monarchist hopes of a hohenzollern restoration , the building was largely ignored .
the old monarchist officers , such as luis alves de lima e silva ( duke of caxias ) , polidoro da fonseca quintanilha jordão ( viscount of santa teresa ) , antonio de sampaio , manuel marques de sousa ( count of porto alegre ) and manuel luis osório ( marquis of herval ) had deceased .
both the australian republican movement and opponent monarchist groups , such as australians for constitutional monarchy , remain active .
some monarchist groups claimed that there was manipulation by northern republicans and socialists .
in 1919 reports from geneva said he was credited in diplomatic circles there as being at the bottom of the monarchist movement in favor of both the hohenzollerns and habsburgs , the nucleus of which was said to be under way in switzerland .
in the chamber , he voted consistently with the monarchist right and conservatives .
rather it was a lobby group and " grass roots " organisation , promoting butler 's mix of anti - communist , social credit , monarchist and pro - british ideas .
the party of democratic reform was a liberal - monarchist political party in the russian empire , founded at the beginning of 1906 during the elections to the first duma , from elements who found the cadet programme too left .
rashtriya prajatantra party ( nationalist ) was a right - wing monarchist party in nepal .
in order to operate as a student organization between elections , the group also incorporated itself as the young monarchist 's league .
hindenburg himself was said to be a monarchist who favored a restoration of the german monarchy .
this seems to be the start date of the markland medieval mercenary militia and there is some evidence that monarchist party split from the militia to make sure it would continue to get funded by the student government association .
against the wishes of the italians , who favored finance minister sotirios gotzamanis , he was replaced by ioannis rallis , a monarchist politician .
between 1938 and 1945 a few of these films were made with an anti - semitic , anti - monarchist and anti - democratic undertone , for example e. w. emo 's " wien 1910 " .
in early 1943 , maliq bej bushati , an anti - monarchist nationalist , reorganized the pfsh as the guard of great albania and worked to distance albania from italy , striking fascist symbols from the flag ( two fasces , one on each side of the albanian eagle ) and asserting albanian autonomy in many spheres .
on february 15 , 2008 , rjp formed the samyukta samabeshi morcha , a front of ' monarchist and democratic forces ' , along with nepali rastriya janabhavana party , rastriya janamukti party and rastriya jana ekta party .
in april 1937 , franco managed to fuse the ideologically incompatible national - syndicalist falange ( " phalanx " , a far - right spanish political party founded by josé antonio primo de rivera ) and the carlist monarchist parties under a single - party under his rule , dubbed " falange española tradicionalista y de las juntas de ofensiva nacional - sindicalista " ( fet y de las jons ) , which became the only legal party in 1939 .
thomas baylie ( 1582 - 1663 ) was an english clergyman , member of the westminster assembly , fifth monarchist and ejected minister .
the lady and the duke " caused considerable controversy in france , where its negative portrayal of the french revolution led some critics to label it monarchist propaganda .
even a country such as the united states , which has been a republic from its foundation , has some monarchist adherents .
there are various regional southern italy autonomist movements , covering the political spectrum from socialist to bourbon monarchist .
her reviews also reveal her to be a staunch monarchist and opponent of the french revolution .
but the agreements were important steps in reconciling the miguelist and the braganza - saxe - coburg branches of portugal 's royal family , and helped move the supporters of each toward a united monarchist movement .
charles maurras , the leader of the monarchist action française ( af ) movement , threatened blum to death , alluding to his jewish origins .
after the war , guareschi returned to italy and founded a monarchist satirical magazine , " candido " .
some republicans blamed the conservative and monarchist prime minister john howard ( elected in 1996 ) , whose leadership certainly did not aid the republican cause .
monarchist soldiers participated in the federalist revolution that occurred in 1893 with intention of restoring the empire .
in the 1930s dumézil supported the monarchist " action française " and held benito mussolini in high regard .
however , there were various rumors that monarchist sympathizers had spirited the young dauphin away from the temple prison and that he was living elsewhere in secret .
the word " counterrevolutionary " originally refers to thinkers who opposed themselves to the 1789 french revolution , such as joseph de maistre , louis de bonald or , later , charles maurras , the founder of the " action française " monarchist movement .
a convinced monarchist , he was opposed to revolutions and no proponent of general voting rights .
such monarchist parties as union of the russian people expressed clearly antisemitic attudes , and included antisemitic paragraphs in their political program .
they are monarchist and opposed to australian republicanism and see strong relations with great britain as fundamental to australian identity .
despite its director of global studies having received , according to the monarchist league , the mlc chariman 's comments regarding freighted wording of questions , angus reid conducted another poll in 2008 in which people were again asked about " formal ties " with the " british monarchy " , with 55% of respondents supporting an end to them .
the abahuza party is a monarchist political party in burundi .
these seven parties made up 194 of the 205 seats allocated in the nepalese legislative elections , 1999 , the only significant exception being the monarchist rashtriya prajatantra party .
jörg was a conservative , a convinced bavarian monarchist and a determined opponent of the bavarian liberal party and of the subordination of bavaria to prussia .
other notable states include the monarchist kulu kingdom , the communist moon - mars alliance , the oshanko imperium , new washington , new california and srinagar .
nepal panchayat parishad ( nepal panchayat council ) , a minor right - wing monarchist party in nepal .
he was heavily influenced by the nationalist intellectual maurice barrès and the leader of the monarchist " action française " ( af ) , charles maurras
he also attempted to unite the monarchist movement behind gonçalo ribeiro telles 's movimento popular monarquico .
a new conservative senate , with a monarchist majority , was formed by j.k. paasikivi in may 1918 .
several new monarchist and protofascist groups also arose to subvert the new order .
the french legislative election , held in the aftermath of the collapse of the regime of napoleon iii , resulted in a monarchist majority in the french national assembly , favourable to peace with prussia .
to eam , london 's preferences were clear : although eam was by far the largest and most active group , british material support was directed mostly to the more " reliable " zervas , who by 1943 had reversed his earlier anti - monarchist stance .
in addition , through much of the white terror , the thermidoreans did nothing to stop the monarchist resurgence .
although the party was not officially royalist , theotokis was a noted royalist , giving the party somewhat of an association with the monarchist right .
they formed a curious alliance with the staunchly monarchist and pro - british anglicans of english canada ( often members of the orange order ) to form the basis of the canadian conservative party .
according to his own testimony , novačan asked for an audience with king alexander i of yugoslavia , where he promised to the monarch that he would dissolve the party and became a monarchist if he were to be accepted to the diplomatic service of the kingdom .
then only ten years old , pedro luís was seen beside his father during the monarchist restoration campaign .
he is a monarchist .
in 1936 , four members of the dnvp were tried for founding a monarchist organization .
in 1915 , he crafted a monarchist movement which begged him to take to the throne .
both he and his elder brother , prince luiz , are engaged in the monarchist proselytism in brazil .
vii ) attribute to the films ' left - wing screenwriters — a rather odd claim in light of schoenberg 's statement that he was a " bourgeois " turned monarchist ( stuckenschmidt 1977 , 551–52 ) .
veteran by - election candidate bill boaks stood as a " democratic monarchist " .
in 1810 , he was involved in a monarchist plot against the first junta of the may revolution .
there he published the monarchist journal " blagovest " .
lewis , a self - described " strong monarchist , " wrote " civilization is more than an abstraction .
rastakhiz party is member of the international monarchist conference .
the party is staunchly monarchist , on the grounds that australia was founded on the british judeo - christian political and legal systems .
it would strengthen the political argument for abolishing the monarchy on the death of queen elizabeth ; and it would test monarchist support by seeing how many canadians even notice or holler .
the hussards may best be understood as a literary expression of the monarchist " action française " ( af ) or , in a broader sense , of the literary right .
the northern netherlandish provinces that made up the new state had traditionally been less important artistic centres than cities in flanders in the south , and the upheavals and large - scale transfers of population of the war , and the sharp break with the old monarchist and catholic cultural traditions , meant that dutch art needed to reinvent itself entirely , a task in which it was very largely successful .
the people 's monarchist party , that had n't participated in the previous election , ran in coalition with the democratic party of the atlantic and did n't elected a single mp .
rect 474 200 480 240 italian democratic party of monarchist unity 1,75
to bache , washington was a cowardly general and a money - hungry baron who saw the revolution as a means to advance his fortune and fame , adams was a failed diplomat who never forgave the french their love of benjamin franklin and who carved a crown for himself and his descendants , and alexander hamilton was the most inveterate monarchist of them all .
he was an activist of the " action française " monarchist movement in the 1930s , and personal secretary of its leader , charles maurras .
h.m. muhammad al - badr ( february 15 , 1926 – august 6 , 1996 ) ( ) was the last king of the mutawakkilite kingdom of yemen ( north yemen ) and leader of the monarchist regions during the north yemen civil war ( 1962 - 1970 ) .
the legality movement party ( lmp ) ( or ) is a monarchist political party in albania , led by eqerem spahia .
orchard is a devoted monarchist , and supports an increase in federal powers at the expense of the provinces .
they arrived on 2 april , and hallowell landed at procida to restore monarchist rule .
a few years later , maurras would join the monarchist " action française " , created by maurice pujo and henri vaugeois in 1898 .
along with pedro sainz rodríguez and others , maeztu founded the right - wing , monarchist acción española movement in 1931 .
the monarchist reaction in the wake of the french revolution and the later emergence of constitutional governments served alike , though in different ways , to sponsor that development .
she is an active episcopalian ( though she often refers to her agnosticism ) , a member of phi alpha theta , and a monarchist .
" tradition und leben e . v. " ( tul ) , = “ tradition and life , ” is a monarchist organisation in germany .
at different times he was a leveller and a fifth monarchist .
while campaigning in anglophone sections of the province , hatfield accused daigle of being an anti - monarchist for supporting pierre trudeau 's constitutional reforms .
the hated anti - monarchist coalition of opportunist republicans and radical republicans had secured control of the french chamber .
after the defeat of the german empire in world war i , the monarchist policy had collapsed and ståhlberg , as the first president of finland elected on july 25 1919 , became the leader of the republic of finland .
in fact , the main line of conflict in france during the 19th century was between monarchist opponents of the republic ( mainly legitimists and orleanists , but also bonapartists ) and supporters of the republic ( radical - socialists , " opportunist republicans " , and later socialists ) .
unable to help in restore of monarchy after monarchist loses and streghten of republican forces , mac - mahon resigned in 1879 and grevy was elected to replace him without a significant opposition .
antônio 's eldest brother is prince luiz of orléans - braganza , the current head of the brazilian imperial family and , from a monarchist perspective , " de jure " emperor luiz i of brazil , born in 1938 and often referred to as the " prince of brazil " .
he was wearing a sandwich board bearing anti - monarchist slogans such as " abolish the monarchy " and " royalists are kow - towing colonialists suffering from an inferiority complex " and an offer to argue the topic with anyone who cared to pay 20c for the privilege .
theo , despite his growing affection for the bright but vulnerable mickle , begins to find his new life too dishonest for his tastes and abandons the group , eventually falling in with florian , an anti - monarchist and rebel who plans revolution with his band of loyal followers .
all of the monarchist party campaign material was made by those running for office , and their supporters .
conservative - monarchist club .
soon after his return , the king replaced many of the world war i veteran officers and he appointed inexperienced monarchist officers to senior positions .
" alleanza monarchica " , or monarchist alliance is a minor italian political party dedicated to the restoration of the monarchy in italy , which was abolished in a 1946 referendum .
having joined forces with the monarchist party , gonatas committed himself to support the restoration of the monarchy in the 1946 plebiscite , which restored king george ii to the throne .
though not a monarchist himself , griffith advocated such an approach for the anglo - irish relationship , namely that ireland should become a separate kingdom alongside great britain , the two forming a dual monarchy with a shared monarch but separate governments , as it was thought this solution would be more palatable to the british .
mucr kept the monarchist general alexander kutepov ( александр кутепов ) , head of a major emigrant force , russian all - military union ( русский общевоинский союз ) , from active actions , who was convinced to wait for the development of the internal anti - bolshevik forces .
a minority of members joined with svinhufvud the conservative , monarchist national coalition party ( together with the majority of the finnish party ) , while the majority joined with ståhlberg the liberal , republican national progressive party .
since valero had developed anti - monarchist feelings following his experiences in spain , he revolted against iturbide .
he has also described himself as a monarchist : " i 'm still loyal to the queen .
( " i 'm a monarchist ( reprise ) " ) having been absolved their indiscretions and declared friends and heores of the monarchy , blondel and fiona renew their relationship and declare their love for each other .
ideologically , he was not a falangist ( a member of the original falange española , the fascist - like party , before it absorbed the other anti - republican parties ) , but a monarchist and a leader of the dynamic and powerful catholic movement within the francoist coalition .
georges bernanos ( 20 february 1888 – 5 july 1948 ) was a french author , and a soldier in world war i. of roman catholic and monarchist leanings , he was a violent adversary to bourgeois thought and to what he identified as defeatism leading to france 's defeat in 1940 .
attacked both by the monarchist and the republican press , he resigned in may. later in the year he was sent as ambassador to brussels , where he remained for two years .
in the wake of the coup d'état of 1934 he was in opposition to the monarchist regime and semi - legally headed banu " aleksandar stamboliyski " .
in 1979 the cds proposed a coalition to the social democratic party and the people ’s monarchist party .
on the other hand , the legitimists continued to be harshly anti - republicans , while charles maurras founded the in 1898 , a monarchist far - right movement which would be very influential in the in the 1930s .
monarchist officers of higher ranks were imprisoned , banished or executed by firing squad without due process of law and their subordinates also suffered harsh punishments .
a staunch monarchist , he supported constantine i and opposed greek entry into world war i. eleftherios venizelos , the prime minister , resigned over the refusal of metaxas to aid the allies ' unsuccessful dardanelles campaign and used the war as the major issue in the elections .
a group of bishops who had left their sees in russia gathered in sremski - karlovci , yugoslavia , and adopted a clearly political monarchist stand .
the monarchist electoral commission as well participated with an official support of 1,324 or 0,1% of the electorate .
taj ( ) means ' crown ' in persian , and after the revolution , any sign of the previous monarchist regime was not tolerated .
” they followed partly the tradition of monarchist organisations and personalities from the time of the weimar reich ( 1919–1933 ) , especially the “ bund der aufrechten , ” founded in november 1918 , and partly the older german traditionalist völkisch movement of the 19th and early 20th centuries .
supporting monarchism and military traditions , they were often reactionary and protectionist ; they were often anti - liberal , siding with the conservative monarchist forces during the revolution of 1848 .
towards the end of the 19th century , naumann , who was a monarchist and adherent of the german emperor wilhelm ii , espoused a liberal imperialism .
university circles were adamantly opposed to communists , and mostly to the right — a lot of them were members of the monarchist " action française " ( af ) .
vladimir alexandrovich kislitsin ( ) ( born january 9 , 1883 , bila tserkva — died may 18 , 1944 , harbin ) was an officer in the imperial russian army and later commanding officer of the pro - monarchist white army in the later stages of the russian civil war .
in october 1954 , in the run - up to the 1955 elections , chhuon formed an alliance between his ' victorious north - east ' party and several other small parties ( including lon nol 's ' khmer renovation ' party ) which proclaimed themselves as monarchist , traditionalist and rightist .
duan toppled the monarchist putsch and was hailed as the saviour of the republic , giving him greater clout .
hedvig gustava albertina , baroness de staël - holstein or simply albertine ( 1797 - 1838 ) , was the daughter of erik magnus staël von holstein and madame de staël , the granddaughter of jacques necker and suzanne curchod , wife to victor , 3rd duc de broglie , and mother to albert , a french monarchist politician .
monarchy new zealand ( formerly known as monarchist league of new zealand ) is an organisation formed in 1995 whose object is to support the retention of constitutional monarchy of new zealand .
