iraq 's first , monarchical , constitution was imposed by the british authorities in 1925 and remained in effect until the 1958 revolution established a republic .
variations on the term have been " inclusive monotheism " and " monarchical polytheism " , designed to differentiate differing forms of the phenomenon .
the new commander of the uprising , tomasz wawrzecki , was not able to control the spreading internal struggles for power and ultimately became only the commander of weakened military forces , while the political power was held by general józef zajączek , who in turn had to struggle with both the leftist liberal polish jacobins and the rightist and monarchical nobility .
the whigs , under lord shaftesbury 's leadership , wished to exclude the duke of york from the throne due to his personal character , his catholicism , his favouring of monarchical absolutism , his connections to france and the effects of the popish plot .
some suggested a monarchical restoration under a later comte de paris after the fall of the vichy regime but this did not occur .
adolf von harnack was of the view that diotrephes was the first monarchical bishop of whom we have the name .
however , hans hermann hoppe has argued that the only form of state that can pragmatically be restrained from expanding is a monarchical ( privately owned ) state .
all candidates had to adhere to three basic principles : " faith in iran 's constitution , loyalty to the monarchical regime , and fidelity to the ' white revolution ' . "
according to the succession provisions of the romanian kingdom 's last democratically approved monarchical constitution of 1923 , upon the death of king michael without sons , the claim to the crown devolves once again upon the hohenzollern - sigmaringen family , ( see " line of succession to the romanian throne " ) .
it is considered to be mildly monarchical yet often leaning to the pro - business catalan nationalist stances represented by ciu and the catalanist stande of the psc .
from 8 august to 12 november 1850 he went about france stating the case for a revision of the constitution in speeches which he varied according to each place ; he held reviews , at which cries of " vive napoléon ! " showed that the army was with him ; he superseded general changarnier , on whose arms the parliament relied for the projected monarchical " coup d'état " ; he replaced his orléanist ministry by obscure men devoted to his own cause , such as morny , fleury and persigny , and gathered round him officers of the african army , broken men like general saint - arnaud ; in fact he practically declared open war .
when his brother , charles x became king in 1824 , he reinstated the traditional monarchical coronation in reims and was crowned using the remaining pre - revolutionary french royal crown , the crown of louis xv .
the writer is a supporter of church and state , an upholder of monarchical principles .
this policy of " divide and conquer " enabled him to achieve a monarchical position in all but name in the republic .
al - husayni and awni abd al - hadi met with the syrian nationalists and they made a joint proclamation for a unified monarchical state under a son of ibn sa'ud .
it was in chenier 's anti - monarchical " charles ix " , produced on november 4 , 1789 , that a prophetic couplet on the destruction of the bastille made the house burst into a salvo of applause , led by mirabeau .
he quickly established his philosophy about college leadership , proclaiming that a monarchical system best suits a college administration , with the president serving as king .
however , such progress has also caused two nations ; the kingdom of gohtza , and the republic of uhra , recently changed from a monarchical society ; to develop new and more powerful weapons of mass destruction .
of course , intrigue , murder and military force could also mingle in for appointing successors , the roman imperial tradition made no exception to other monarchical traditions in this respect .
many biographers believe that thomas jefferson and washington had a big falling out over a letter jefferson sent to philip mazzei in italy , which called washington 's administration as anglican , monarchical , and aristocratical as england and claimed that washington had appointed as military officers " all timid men that prefer the calm of despotism to the boisterous sea of liberty " .
the centre party , whose pragmatic principles generally left it open to supporting either a monarchical or republican form of government , proved one of the mainstays of the weimar republic , continuing the cooperation with spd and ddp in the weimar coalition .
he refused the trappings of power and veered from monarchical government and traditions and twice — despite considerable pressure to do otherwise — gave up the most powerful position in the americas .
mccargo praised handley 's " understanding of bhumibol as a political actor , as the primary architect of a lifelong project to transform an unpopular and marginalized monarchical institution — on the verge of abolition more than once — into the single most powerful component of the modern thai state . "
once overseas , almonte became involved in the promotion of foreign intervention and monarchical schemes for mexico .
the orléanists aimed politically to find a common measure for the monarchical principle and the " rights of man " as set forth by the revolutionary leaders in 1789 and the princes of the branch of orléans became the advocates of this attempted compromise .
on a general level , she articulates an " opposition to monarchical government , disapproval of class distinction , abhorrence of slavery and war and their concomitant cruelties " similar to that in her historical novels " valperga " ( 1823 ) and " perkin warbeck " ( 1830 ) .
sahib - ul - ma'ali was a style used to address nobility during egypt 's last monarchical era .
the society of the planet tara is a mix of the feudal and the futuristic , with a rigid social monarchical hierarchy developed alongside a skill in advanced electronics and android making , which is an ability endowed on the lesser orders .
the soviet union eventually withdrew from northern iran , at anglo - american behest ; stalin observed his 1944 agreement with churchill and did not aid the communists in the struggle against the british - supported monarchical regime in greece ; in finland he accepted a friendly , noncommunist government ; and russian troops were withdrawn from czechoslovakia by the end of 1945 .
this is not accepted by non - fundamentalist scholars , who on the basis of internal evidence date the yahwist sources to the period in which the aaronic priesthood was established and entrenched in their control over the jerusalem temple , in the monarchical period .
this , however , was a mere pretext , it was for his anti - monarchical sentiments that he was really prosecuted .
it has been suggested that the face - slapping scene that caused so much trouble was inspired not by anything in french monarchical history , but by a rumored incident in which elizabeth struck essex .
frustrated with traditional histories that highlighted only military and monarchical history , hume and others emphasised commerce , the arts , and society .
the provisions , meant to ensure unity fragmented the country even further and resulted in a decline of monarchical power .
monarchical absolutism is of the past , and so is ecclesiolatry . "
in march 1547 , he secured letters patent from king edward granting him the almost monarchical right to appoint members to the privy council himself and to consult them only when he wished .
though the order was not egalitarian or democratic , its mission was the abolition of all monarchical governments and state religions in europe and its colonies .
republican ideals by their wider definition did , though , still have influence during the setting period following confederation , when the use of laws and the institutions formed by them was moulded by popular attitudes coexistent with monarchical preference .
in addition to the ideological differences between france and the monarchical powers of europe , there were continuing disputes over the states of imperial estates in alsace , and the french were becoming concerned about the agitation of emigré nobles abroad , especially in the austrian netherlands and the minor states of germany .
also central to the " la france des lumières " is the establishment of certain preconditions for the progressive social transformation that took place during the enlightenment , specifically that criticisms of all aspects of human behavior arose , the symbols of monarchy were gradually eroded , and a space formed for political activity in spite of french society ’s nature and traditions as a monarchical state ..
his background was in a state with little monarchical control of religion , and this meant that his court was disengaged .
just as the ruling families of britain , russia , belgium , and the netherlands had all become patrilineally german by the twentieth century due to the propensity of monarchical heiresses , seeking dynastically equal marriages , to choose princes consort from among germany 's many minor princely families , monaco was on the verge of the same fate .
wriothesley , a religious conservative , objected to somerset ’s assumption of monarchical power over the council .
at first , he was much loved and called the " citizen king " and the " bourgeois monarch , " but his popularity suffered as his government was perceived as increasingly conservative and monarchical , despite his decision of having napoleon 's remains returned to france .
by tradition a deposed monarch who has not freely abdicated , though no longer head of state , is allowed to use their monarchical title as a courtesy title for their lifetime .
queen elizabeth would remain as scotland 's head of state , while the united kingdom would " become a monarchical and social union – united kingdoms rather than a united kingdom – maintaining a relationship forged in 1603 by the union of the crowns " .
promoted and installed by the french , with some support from the austrian and spanish crowns , the intervention attempted to create a european - style monarchical system in mexico .
ancient tamil nadu contained three monarchical states , headed by kings called " ventar " and several tribal chieftaincies , headed by the chiefs called by the general denomination " vel " or " velir " .
ironically , lucrece 's rhetorical eloquence forecloses the possibility that she herself could seek out a more active , violent retribution on tarquin , her rapist , and the monarchical regime that he represents .
the american edition of 1800 also included " a sketch of the private and public character of p. pindar " , an attack on the anti - monarchical satiric poet john wolcott ( 1738 - 1819 ) , a pairing publisher william cobbett apparently saw as " a marketable combination " for a presumably tory readership .
the latter had memories of the new model army and the anti - monarchical social and political revolution that it brought about .
the already anti - monarchical , tudeh supporters were radicalized and on the morning of august 17 " an angry crowd began to attack symbols of the monarchy " and demanded its abolition .
foucault goes on to argue that disciplinary punishment leads to self - policing by the populace as opposed to brutal displays of authority from the monarchical period .
monarchical power .
the first mexican empire was the official name of independent mexico under a monarchical regime from 1821 to 1823 .
political upheaval and communist insurrection put an end to the monarchies of indochina after world war ii : a short - lived attempt to leave a monarchical form of government in post - colonial south vietnam came to naught in 1955 , a military coup overthrew the kingless monarchy in cambodia in 1970 and a communist takeover ended the monarchy in laos in 1975 .
to justify its action before the people , the government has asserted that the sympathies of a great number of catholics , including the many of the clergy , were for the monarchical parties .
originally a monarchical clan , the panchals appear to have switched to republican corporation in the sixth and fifth century bce .
he ground his teeth when talking about the ruler of the day , who was bringing calamity to the country and disaster to the people ; as much as to say that if the system of monarchical autocracy were not abolished , simply restoring the country 's independence would bring no happiness . "
we are an ancient kingdom , with a history of continuous monarchical rule stretching back nearly five centuries .
for the reasons cited above , brazil chose a representative constitutional monarchical system .
soon afterward , the tarquinii abandoned their monarchical dreams and went to tusculum .
it is probable that in clement 's time there was as yet no monarchical episcopate at corinth , though such a state did not endure much past clement 's time in any of the major christian centers .
the republic of heaven , in philip pullman 's philosophical fantasy trilogy " his dark materials " from 2000 , refers to the idea that humans must build their happiness in the here and now , and that the official church 's emphasis on the afterlife is no more than a diversion by the powerful to repress the common people , even by the monarchical sound of its name : the kingdom of heaven .
after the downfall of the gupta empire in the middle of the sixth century c.e. , north india reverted to small republics and small monarchical states .
they include proses recording monarchical merit acts and poetic works , the earliest of which was " yakhaing minthami eigyin " ( cradle song of the princess of arakan ) , dated to 1455 .
he believed that monarchical conscience of law corresponds to such values as religious piety and family .
malay cultural influences filtered out throughout the archipelago , such as the monarchical state , religion ( hinduism / buddhism in the first millennium ad , islam in the second millennium ) , and the malay language .
rather , iranian activists saw the only way forward as revolutionary overthrown of the entire monarchical system , inspired by the recent successes of armed movements in viet nam , cuba , algeria , and palestine .
their monarchical title in lithuanian primarily was , by some folkloristic data , " kunigų kunigas " ( " duke of dukes " ) , and later on , " didysis kunigas " ( " great / high duke " ) or , in a simple manner , " kunigaikštis " .
the term originated in the french revolution , to denote the counter - revolutionaries who wanted to restore the real or imagined conditions of the monarchical " ancien régime " .
the new , anti - monarchical government had no root in law and little hold on public opinion .
a document both liberal and monarchical , " la charte " was the second trigger of the july revolution .
both tribal and more complex pre - columbian societies existed under monarchical forms of government , with some expanding to form vast empires under a central king figure , while others did the same with a decentralised collection of tribal regions under a hereditary chieftain .
for the republican and monarchical civic states of the 19th century , collections in the form of public museums became emblems of self - determination .
in the leading city of florence , the republic was from 1434 onward dominated by the increasingly monarchical medici family .
it was in reaction to that circumstance that the aristocratically dominated monarchical polity was begun ( the star kingdom of manticore ) .
rassilon , as a scientist , opposes the religious and monarchical power wielded by the pythia .
the monarchical regime maintained on brazilian soil " was a force of continuity and tradition " .
the royal crown which has fallen to the ground beside him symbolizes the new republic 's release from the monarchical control of great britain ; virginia and new york are the only u.s. states with a flag or seal displaying a crown .
in contrast , france had a large peasantry that is stationary on land yet politically volatile , leading to the alternating between violent revolutions and monarchical reactions .
thus in many cases precedence is given to monarchs over republican heads of state , mostly in monarchies ; in some nations the pope ( himself a monarchical head of state ) ranks above secular heads of state , especially in roman catholic countries .
the prospect of a monarchical restoration died definitively after the republicans gained control of the senate on 5 january 1879 .
on 20 november 1943 , amr was given the higher - ranking title of " pasha " , one of the most important in monarchical egypt .
in 2005 , the cpn(m ) sought a different strategy of seeking permanent peace accords while forming a pro - democratic alliance with several other mainstream political parties in opposition to the monarchical dictatorship of king gyanendra .
in later times this took on a monarchical
as a republican he declared himself hostile to any kind of agreement with the monarchical and took part in the tortosa pact ( 18 may 1869 ) , signed by representatives of republican organizations in catalonia , valencia , the balearic islands and aragon .
while these distinctions were clearly defined during the early empire , eventually they were lost , and the emperor 's powers became less constitutional and more monarchical .
though legally the " princeps civitatis " ( his official title , roughly ' first citizen ' ) could never become a sovereign , as the republic was never abolished , emperors were to be deified as divus , first posthumously but ultimately while reigning , and thus enjoyed the legal protection provided for the divinities of the state cult ; by the time it was exchanged for christianity , the monarchical tradition in all but name was well established .
monarchy was not the only subject of importance to milton within " eikonoklastes " ; milton also defended calvinistic principles , and he claims that reformation can not accept episcopal or monarchical control .
foreign monarchical rule over malta lasted a total of 874 years .
moxon traces its origins to 1556 ; which was a period of monarchical uncertainty in england .
in the treaty , new spain is recognized as an independent empire , which is defined as " monarchical , constitutional and moderate . "
after this , he launches a coup , with a large part of the army behind him , but fails to gain control over decision palace in corvere and the hereditary arbiter ( the ancelstierran head of state , the monarchical figurehead similar to the queen of england ) .
together with the monarchical and dynastical chivalric orders ( see above ) these honorific orders are the prime ancestors of the modern - day orders of knighthood ( see below ) which are orders of merit in character .
in most places where communes arose ( e.g. britain and flanders ) they were absorbed by the monarchical state as it emerged .
the " encyclopédie " was only the first step in philosophizing mankind and was necessary to spread the impious and anti - monarchical writings .
through much of this time there was discussion of " fusion " with the orleanist party so that the two could effect a monarchical restoration .
indeed , the greatest focus in king joseph i 's reign was the utter elimination of any obstacles whatsoever in the way of complete monarchical power .
his opinion was ignored , and the english restoration soon after took place , heralding a form of monarchical government opposite in tendency to what milton desired .
the detail of the actual moment of the emperor 's deliverance was lost , and although otherwise faithful to the original design , the replacement took on a less monarchical and more religious tone .
both books contain vivid albeit rather one - sided descriptions of the damage that had been done to the country by monarchical leaders since the middle ages .
in 1990 , nepal officially changed from a monarchical non - party system to a parliamentary model .
david 's native name kawānanakoa was developed personally for him , and his own descendants have taken it for their family and name of their monarchical royal house .
early nation - state development and oceanic pursuits allowed the aristocracy based monarchical system to have exaggerated power , and also caused portugal to not develop industrially at the same rate as other european powers .
but many people also had a genuine ideological attachment to the " monarchical " principle .
governmental archives reveal that the monarchical designation of the king was intended , at least tentatively , to be " charles i , king of finland and karelia , duke of åland , grand prince of lapland , lord of kaleva and the north " ( " kaarle i , suomen ja karjalan kuningas , ahvenanmaan herttua , lapinmaan suuriruhtinas , kalevan ja pohjolan isäntä " ) .
" sahib ul - makam al - rafi " ( ) ( alternative spelling : " saheb al - makam al - rafie " ) was a manner of address used in egypt during the monarchical era that was attached to the second highest court rank .
unlike many other monarchical wives in the middle east , sheikha mozah has been a high - profile figure in her nation 's politics and society , actively involved in qatar 's government .
he took an active part in politics , defended the conduct of marshal bazaine , and served on the committee which elaborated the monarchical constitution .
the first two presidents , george washington and john adams , delivered the speech in person before both houses of congress , but that practice was discontinued under thomas jefferson , who deemed it too monarchical and sent written reports instead .
in malaysia the four non - monarchical states -penang , malacca , and the two on borneo : sabah and sarawak- each have a ceremonial governor styled " yang di - pertua negeri " , appointed by the federal king yang di - pertuan agong of malaysia , with a seat but no vote in the federal " majlis raja - raja " ( council of rulers ) .
the democratic element took the form of the legislative assemblies , the aristocratic element took the form of the senate , and the monarchical element took the form of the many term - limited executive magistrates .
the 1867 collapse of the french - sponsored second mexican empire left brazil as the only latin american monarchical regime .
an articulate , albeit eccentric propagandist , gordon inflamed the mob with fears of papism and a return to absolute monarchical rule .
a monarchical state for most of its history , the ethiopian dynasty traces its roots to the 10th century bc .
he was proud of being a junker , and throughout his writings , despite their liberal tendencies , may be perceived the loyalty and affection with which he clung to monarchical institutions .
although he had little formal education , he was made the editor the local gazette , " ouriense " , in which he displayed his anti - monarchical and anti - religious opinions .
the constitution of the church is not , by christ 's institution , monarchical , and the pope , though entitled to a certain primacy , is subordinate to the universal church .
as the title suggests , it drew parallels with the marriage and divorce of prince charles and diana , such as caroline and diana 's popularity among the british working classes , charles and george 's unpopularity during their divorce proceedings , the fickleness of such popularity or unpopularity , caroline and diana 's use by anti - monarchical figures for their own ends , and the power of the press .
quebec 's monarchical status is illustrated via associations between the crown and many organizations within the province , as well as through royal names applied regions , communities , schools , buildings , and monuments , many of which may also have a specific history with a member or members of the royal family .
accordingly , the soc was unable to restore cambodia 's monarchical tradition .
more generally , the spanish , who were too thoroughly monarchical to blame the king himself , held his favourite responsible for the numerous misfortunes of the country in the 1640s .
in the lead - up to confederation in 1867 , there was debate over whether the new polity should adopt a republican or monarchical form of government .
saskatchewan 's monarchical status is illustrated via associations between the crown and many organizations within the province , such as the court of queen 's bench for saskatchewan , as well as through royal names applied regions , communities , schools , buildings , and monuments , many of which may also have a specific history with a member or members of the royal family .
a principality ( or princedom ) is a monarchical feudatory or sovereign state , ruled or reigned over by a monarch with the title of prince or princess , or ( in the widest sense ) a monarch with another title within the generic use of the term " prince " .
in later times , after centuries of monarchical government , this same public opinion rose against the abuse of power committed by its kings in the name of their pretended divine right , and thus made an implicit amende honorable to what the church had taught concerning the origin , the limits , and the responsibility of all power , which had been forgotten or misinterpreted by the lawyers of philip iv when they set up their pagan state as the absolute source of power .
today , it often simply means a state with an elected or otherwise non - monarchical head of state , such as the islamic republic of iran or republic of korea .
though a well known monarchical people in the earlier period , the kurus are known to have switched to a republican form of government during the sixth to fifth century bce .
michael refused to make this promise since it would have violated romania 's monarchical constitution , and would be likely to have a detrimental impact upon any possible restoration .
honours and titles are bestowed by the monarch in recognition of service to the state ( example : margaret thatcher , baroness thatcher of kesteven ) thus demonstrating aspects of meritocracy within the monarchical model .
saskatchewan 's monarchical history begins with the explorations of henry hudson , who , in 1611 , embarked on the first trading voyage that led to the formation of the hudson 's bay company ( hbc ) , founded by royal charter from king charles ii .
an adherent of the theory of the divine right of kings , which advocates the divine origin and lack of temporal restraint of monarchical rule , louis continued his predecessors ' work of creating a centralized state governed from the capital .
barruel believed that the philosophes had created a lasting influence as their spirit survived through their writings and continued to promote anti - monarchical feelings within the jacobins and the revolutionaries .
the emperor diocletian ( 285 - 305 ) , the father of the tetrarchy , was the first to stop referring to himself as " princeps " altogether , calling himself " dominus " ( " lord , master " ) , thus dropping the pretense that emperor was not truly a monarchical office .
in normal times the monarchical office was hereditary , but might be transmitted by the king to a younger son ; in two instances the supreme power was held by queens .
throughout the middle - east , and in particular egypt , the various branches of the muslim brotherhood have significantly challenged the secular nationalist or monarchical muslim governments .
his nominal reign of 82 years , 9 months is the longest precisely dated monarchical reign on record and the longest documented reign of any monarch since antiquity .
the bourbons sought a return to the monarchical ideal of having outsiders , who in theory should be disinterested , staff the higher echelons of regional government .
the new field colours , especially green , were not traditional in the flag 's composition and represented a radical republican - inspired change that broke the bond with the former religious monarchical flag .
some , like the shilluk , developed a centralized monarchical tradition that enabled them to preserve their tribal integrity in the face of external pressures in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries .
in 1801 , thomas jefferson discontinued the practice of delivering the address in person , regarding it as too monarchical ( similar to the speech from the throne ) .
today it is mainly divided between the indian state of west bengal and the independent people 's republic of bangladesh ( previously east bengal / east pakistan ) , although some regions of the previous kingdoms of bengal ( during local monarchical regimes and british rule ) are now part of the neighboring indian states of bihar , assam , tripura and orissa .
although some historians classify order of saint hubert as a confraternal order , it actually falls in classification under the monarchical orders ; it was awarded by a monarch , control of membership was maintained by a monarch , and its purpose was to foster loyalty to a specific dominion .
confronted with a total lack of expertise amongst the aristocracy in government affairs , the regent reverted to the monarchical organisation of government that existed under louis xiv and , by 1718 , reinstated secretaries of state .
modern orders of merit and decorations can trace their origin back to the monarchical and honorific orders of chivalry as established in the middle ages . while these were " societies , fellowships and colleges of knights " , created by european monarchs in imitation of the military orders of the crusades , granting membership in such societies gradually developed into an honour that could be bestowed in recognition of service or to ensure the loyality of a certain clientele .
he at once set to work to strengthen the orleanist party by recruiting from the smaller nobility the officials of the local monarchical committees .
von liebenfels had illiberal , pan - german and monarchical sentiments .
most nations had forms of government that were monarchical or aristocratic .
the four non - monarchical states are headed by a yang di - pertua negeri ( governors ) .
it marked the reconciliation of republican brazil with its monarchical past .
adopting a literary career , he was inspired by anti - austrian feeling and devotion to the royal house of savoy , and in early life his combination of a sympathy for national independence with monarchical sentiments brought him into trouble in both quarters , to the point that guerrazzi expelled him from tuscany in 1849 for his praise of carlo alberto .
the history of monarchy in canada stretches from pre - colonial times through to the present day , though canada 's monarchical status is typically seen as beginning with the first european settlements of what is now canada ; newfoundland was claimed for edward vii in 1497 and the establishment of new france by king francis i took place in 1534 .
in march 1872 , however , in consequence of criticisms of his negotiations concerning the commercial treaties between britain and france , he resigned his post and took his seat in the assembly , where he became the leading spirit of the monarchical campaign against president thiers .
the constitution can be amended by the legislative assembly , provided this does not affect the " law of liberty " , the monarchical succession , or the titles or estates of the nobles .
it is distinct from monarchism , which advocates a monarchical system of government , but not necessarily a particular monarch .
a queen regnant ( plural " queens regnant " ) is a qualifying reference to a female monarch ( queen ) possessing and exercising all of the monarchical powers of a ruler , in contrast to a " queen consort " , who is the wife of a male reigning as monarch and who is without any official powers of state .
religious conflict between charles and other " high " anglicans and the more extreme protestants - at this stage mostly still within the church of england ( the puritans ) formed a strand of the anti - monarchical leanings of the troubled politics of the period .
the " anti - monarchical source " describes samuel ( thought by a number of scholars to be a cipher for god himself ) to have thoroughly routed the philistines , yet begrudgingly accepting that the people demanded a ruler , and thus appointing saul by cleromancy .
there was no centralized administrative structure on a monarchical pattern .
romanian liberal radicals of ploieşti and elsewhere were opposed to the new ruler of the country , prince carol of hohenzollern - sigmaringen ( future king of romania ) , and desired a republic to replace the monarchical regime established by the 1866 constitution - the main argument being that a new constitutional system , viewed as more democratic , was to put an end to the partnership between the monarch and the conservatives ( which had effectively blocked the liberals out of government ) .
poetry is also a popular genre today , as it was during the monarchical times , but unlike novels and other works , which use literary burmese , may use the vernacular , instead of literary burmese .
the council of basel had sanctioned the defeat of the thesis conciliarists and reaffirmed a monarchical structure of the papacy .
when after the death of frederick henry his son stadtholder william ii of orange tried to fulfill the monarchical aspirations his late father had always fostered by establishing a military dictatorship , the states of holland made overtures to cromwell , seeking his support against william , suggesting vaguely the province of holland might join the commonwealth .
although in political reality " adoption " was an alternative technique to aim for the same result in terms of succession ( succeeding to produce one genealogically " false " but politically satisfactory dynasty of so - called adoptive emperors ) , constitutionally , this was a horror as the republic had never been abandoned in law , so monarchical succession in the principate , however realistic , was officially out of the question , regardless of the trappings during the dominate ; designation could at least be justified by qualitative criteria .
on his return to italy he gave his support to the national fascist party , in which he would consistently represent the monarchical and ‘ moderate’ wing .
prince edward island 's monarchical status is illustrated via associations between the crown and many organizations within the province , as well as through royal names applied regions , communities , schools , buildings , and monuments , many of which may also have a specific history with a member or members of the royal family .
linked to this was anti - monarchical thinking , represented in the famous early renaissance fresco cycle allegory of good and bad government in siena by ambrogio lorenzetti ( painted 1338–1340 ) whose strong message is about the virtues of fairness , justice , republicanism and good administration .
those like the university of lethbridge 's professor of native american studies tony hall , george grant , and eugene forsey , theorised that the greatest threat to the canadian crown was not its british origins , but instead the " expansionist powers of manifest destiny in the united states and those who wished to move canada closer to the american sphere and its presidential style marketplace politics , " where corporate personalities amongst the sovereign populace could wield significantly more power over government than in the monarchical system where sovereignty is above popular control .
ontario 's monarchical status is illustrated via associations between the crown and many organizations within the province , as well as through royal names applied regions , communities , schools , buildings , and monuments , many of which may also have a specific history with a member or members of the royal family ; for example , ontario has at least 47 distinct features named for queen victoria : one county , one township , 14 populated places , and 31 physical features .
to 's view of the relationship between society and its ruler magnified the confucian concept of the subject 's obligation of loyalty to the monarch ( trung quan ) by reinforcing it with the catholic notion of monarchical rule by divine right .
monarchical rule in early modern spain was a balancing act , as the monarch attempted to preserve unity and loyalty among each part which required placating local interests .
at the time of its downfall in 1889 , monarchical brazil had 636 factories ( representing an annual rate of increase of 6.74% from 1850 ) with a capital of rs 401.630:600$000 ( annual growth rate of 10.94% since 1850 ) .
in the preparatory parliament of the march revolution , however , they were in the minority with their radical , far reaching anti - monarchical ideas .
in the uae - which is a federation of seven monarchical emirates - the federal national council also functions only as an advisory body , and now has a portion of its members elected from a small electoral college nominated by the seven rulers .
some of the symbolism within the coronation ceremony for british monarchs , in which they are anointed with holy oils by the archbishop of canterbury , thereby " ordaining " them to monarchy , perpetuates the ancient roman catholic monarchical ideas and ceremonial ( although few protestants realize this , the ceremony is entirely based upon that of the coronation of the holy roman emperor ) .
they charged that some local authorities refused to process applications without certain " supporting documents " that were virtually impossible to obtain ( e.g. , a presidential decree authorizing the existence of a church that had been established during the country 's monarchical era ) .
the american revolution is an example where the monarchical government was abolished and replaced with a representative democracy .
manitoba 's monarchical history begins with the explorations of henry hudson , who , in 1611 , embarked on the first trading voyage that led to the formation of the hudson 's bay company ( hbc ) , founded by royal charter from king charles ii .
in monarchical commonwealth countries country - wide government corporations often use the style " crown corporation " .
the times produced a common need among thinkers to explain social upheavals of the industrial revolution taking place , and in the seeming chaos without the feudal and monarchical structures of europe , show there was order still .
many biographers believe that thomas jefferson and washington had a big falling out over a letter jefferson sent to philip mazzei in italy , which called washington 's administration anglican , monarchical , and aristocratic and claimed that washington had appointed as military officers " all timid men that prefer the calm of despotism to the boisterous sea of liberty " .
in addition to these documents , which would have been of great interest to iraqi citizens as well as to historians , the inla lost records and documents from the ottoman reign , the british occupation , the monarchical era , and much more .
he was regarded by the monarchical right as one of the most dangerous obstacles in the way of a restoration , which he did as much as any man ( except perhaps the comte de chambord himself ) to prevent , but by the extreme left he was distrusted for his moderate views , and gambetta never forgave his victory at bordeaux .
a ruler includes the yang di - pertuan agong ( king ) , the sultans of monarchical states in malaysia , the yang di - pertua negeri , and the yang di - pertuan besar , ie : the head of states of malaysia and its component states .
no record has survived about ancient kings of finland , but finland has repeatedly been part of monarchical states as a sub - unit of a monarchy based outside finland proper .
in response to the republican claim that canada becoming a republic would appease the drive for quebec sovereignty , monarchists say that those in quebec who wish for their province to secede from confederation rely on anti - british , historical revisionism , and view any federal authority as repressive , regardless of whether that authority is republican or monarchical ; hence , the future of the monarchy is regarded as a non - issue by separatist parties like the bloc and parti québécois .
vatican city is an ecclesiastical or sacerdotal - monarchical state , ruled by the bishop of rome — the pope .
even though there were no political ties with ethiopia at the time , belbachir ’s monarchical background coerced him to pay the due respect to the deposed monarch .
a queen consort usually shares her husband 's rank and holds the feminine equivalent of the king 's monarchical titles .
in many countries , the resolution of this conflict was the rise of monarchical absolutism .
brothers succeeding each other as a system leads quickly , particularly in the following generations , to complex patterns and also to disputes between branches which have formed within the monarchical house .
linus , cletus and clement were probably prominent presbyter - bishops but not necessarily " monarchical bishops " .
an absolute monarchy is a monarchical form of government where the ruler has the power to rule his or her land or country and its citizens freely , with no laws or legally - organized direct opposition in force .
political and trade delegations between commonwealth realms are usually frequent and informal , but both countries also respect the principles of monarchical pomp and circumstance when governors - general are involved .
in the third stanza , with a call for " einigkeit und recht und freiheit " ( unity and justice and freedom ) , hoffmann expressed his desire for a united and free germany where the rule of law , not monarchical arbitrariness , would prevail .
after the april movement for democracy , the anthem was abolished as it was widely accused of being just a tune for monarchical glorification instead of representing the nation as a whole .
the group sought to revive in french literature the old monarchical spirit , the spirit of mediæval mystery and spiritual submission .
under a monarchical system of government , the monarch usually must consult and seek a measure of acceptance for his policies if he is to enjoy the broad cooperation of his subjects .
though she was not a political woman , as a queen known to be a staunch supporter of monarchy in its traditional conception , maria amalia was able to escape the suspicion of many of the french who worried that her husband ’s ideology was not monarchical enough and tended toward middle class , bourgeois , values at the expense of the proper treatment and conduct of royalty .
yet , throughout the seventeenth century , venetian electors repeatedly preferred to elect old men as doge so that the doge did not grow too powerful : it was feared that a younger , more martial doge would be likely to expand his power base and move the most serene republic in a more monarchical direction .
given the tendency of self interest to overpower the pleasure felt through sympathy , the eventual accumulation of wealth necessitated the development of some form of government , initially somewhat monarchical , to ensure that the rules of justice were followed .
its main provisions were the following : it established the principle of monarchical sovereignty , as the monarch was the decisive power of the state ; the legislative power was to be exercised by the king - who also had the right to ratify the laws - by the parliament , and by the senate .
being a monarchical state , with its roots invested in colonial england , black letter law is that which is a term used to describe basic principles of law that are accepted by the majority of judges in most provinces and territories .
initially , there were monarchical and feudal societies which made no distinction between state and society or between public and private , and which had organized themselves politically around symbolic representation and status .
the experiment , however , proved unsuccessful ; the monarchical coup infuriated bulgarian liberal and radical politicians , and the real power passed to two russian generals , sobolev and kaulbars , specially despatched from saint petersburg .
the uromi kingdom is a monarchical territory headed by a king [ enijie ] who handles the leadership of the kingdom .
chhuon went over to the french , while chantaraingsey eventually left the knlc and aligned with the right - wing , anti - monarchical khmer nationalists , the khmer serai , under son ngoc thanh .
at this time , queen isabella was otherwise occupied achieving a monarchical revenge against mexico , supporting , jointly with france , the habsburg – orléans empire using the royal figures of maximilian of habsburg and charlotte of belgium , as maximilian i and carlota of mexico .
this marks the beginning of the era of disintegration of the young polish state and the decline of monarchical power in poland .
canadian loyalists further aver that , rather than be ashamed of the country 's monarchical chronicle and present arrangements , they should be embraced .
however , this was not without the help of the scientific view of the world [ of the enlightenment ] , which wore down the “ monarchical and religious dogma of the old regime ” .
mongo political structure is exclusively monarchical .
with the conservative parliamentary majority intent upon disarming the red guards and establishing a monarchical form of government , the nation descended into civil war .
he was commissioned in costa rica in granada , nicaragua ( 1822 ) , a member of the special tribunal that tried the monarchical coup participants joaquin munoz oreamuno and trinity ( 1823 ) , a member of the representative council ( 1829 - 1831 and 1836 -- 1838 ) and alternate judges of the supreme court of costa rica ( 1832 ) .
now kalanilehua was well versed respecting her position as the only hooilina or successor to her sister so long as her sister remained single , as well as conscious that all the honors should be paid to her sister , and aware of the duty of abiding by the monarchical law that required respect and kindness toward all royal visitors at the court .
in successfully arguing for the king 's execution , saint - just destroyed the façade of monarchical divine right and ensured that kings could never again enjoy such unchecked power as the bourbons did .
most pre - columbian cultures of the americas developed and flourished for centuries under monarchical systems of government .
it is clear , however , that at some point in the late archaic period the model of spartan society was changed from a monarchical system to a democratic aristocracy for the elite warrior class .
they were also considerably different from the absolutist monarchies of spain and france , and were strongly attached to civic liberty and anti - monarchical republications.;;.
return of the monarchical system .
following the end of the second world war and facing hard economic realities and corruption of the ancient regime ( the monarchical system under king farouk ) , a general impetus for another radicalization of egyptian politics became evident .
further , prime minister éamon de valera used the departure of the monarch as an opportunity to remove all monarchical language from the constitution of the irish free state .
pope clement vii willed his relative alessandro de ' medici to be the monarchical ruler of florence , and went about requisitioning that dignity carefully ; he wanted to give the impression that the florentines democratically chose alessandro to be their monarch .
he had no taste for abstract political dogma , but seemed to venture no further than to think that " men should live in some competent state of freedom , " and that the limited monarchical and aristocratic government was the best adapted for his country .
part of volume ii was concerned with the international experience in moving from monarchical to republican headships of state .
those that remained up to that period were eventually defeated by the agents of european monarchical powers , who , while they remained on the european continent , thereafter established new american administrations overseen by delegated viceroys .
in recent years , cultural historian robert darnton has written on the " libelles " , arguing for the subversive power that the " libelles " of the late eighteenth century exercised in undermining monarchical authority .
during the monarchical period of some countries listed here , there was no reigning house as it is known in the european sense – those are for example tibet or the central african empire .
by the late 19th century pseudo - medieval symbols were the currency of european monarchical state propaganda .
he invited the officers of the mediterranean squadron to lunch at algiers , and , practically renouncing his monarchical sympathies , to which he clung as long as the comte de chambord was alive , expressed his support of the republic , and emphasized it by having the " marseillaise " played by a band of his pères blancs .
in various times the society coalesced around monarchical forms , but the republican societies did not die out , but maintained their existence with remarkable resilience .
a subnational monarchy is a territory governed by a hereditary leader , but which is subordinate to a higher national government , either monarchical or republican in form .
the clauses of the provisions which limited monarchical authority were then annulled , but the legal clauses of the provisions of westminster were reaffirmed in the statute of marlborough ( 1267 ) .
though a prosperous farming family , anti - monarchical feelings prevailed in the household .
at the time , rjp tried to profile itself as a centrist party , in between positions advocating direct monarchical rule and republic .
while these distinctions were clearly defined during the early empire , eventually they were lost , and the emperor 's powers became less constitutional and more monarchical .
the first half of the 19th century saw a prolonged struggle in germany between liberals , who wanted a united , federal germany under a democratic constitution , and conservatives , who wanted to maintain germany as a patchwork of independent , monarchical states , with prussia and austria competing for influence .
the castle has been inhabited by various monarchical leaders in the past , although it is associated most with duke pignatelli .
like his father , a republican of the intransigent type , he was bitterly disappointed by the triumph of the monarchical principle after the revolution of july 1830 , in which he had taken part .
the constitutional powers granted to the king in the norwegian monarchical system made his position very important and enabled the government in exile to continue its work with the utmost legitimacy .
criticism of royalty may refer to the criticism of monarchy as a form of government , or to the criticism of particular monarchical governments , as controlled by hereditary royal families .
sihanouk 's public criticism and mockery of the ' khmer viet minh ' had the damaging effect of increasing the power of the hardline , anti - vietnamese , but also anti - monarchical , members of the cpk , led by pol pot .
in monarchical commonwealth countries , particularly canada , country - wide government corporations often use the style " crown corporation " , indicating that the conglomerate is technically owned by the reigning sovereign .
statute i of 1920 confirmed the monarchical form of government ( albeit with a vacant throne , the king 's powers being exercised by regent miklós horthy and his ministers ) and vested legislative power in a national assembly .
the vietnamese monarchy was unpopular however , largely because monarchical leaders were considered collaborators during french rule .
was concerned that the formation of a new state would deprive england of its ancient liberties , taking on the more absolutist monarchical structure which james had previously enjoyed in scotland .
the image of the crown of thorns is often used symbolically to contrast with earthly monarchical crowns .
germanic monarchy , also called barbarian monarchy , was a monarchical system
tacitus was sure that only the " principatus " ( the " prince " , that is , the monarchical emperor ) could maintain peace , the fidelity of the armies , and the cohesion of the empire .
he comes up with a kind of constitutionalism but not an outright anti - monarchical argument .
strongly anti - clerical and republican , his work was often on historical and religious themes , through which he sought to convey a message of opposition to monarchical and clerical oppression .
the group included indigenous leftists , vietnamese leftists , anti - monarchical nationalists ( khmer serei ) loyal to son ngoc thanh , and plain bandits taking advantage of the chaos to terrorize villagers .
the central principle of the medieval , renaissance and " ancien régime " periods , monarchical rule ' by god 's will ' , was fundamentally challenged by the 1789 french revolution .
in addition to the ideological differences between france and the monarchical powers of europe , there were continuing disputes over the status of imperial estates in alsace , and the french were becoming concerned about the agitation of émigré nobles abroad , especially in the austrian netherlands and the minor states of germany .
