this was also his first project at monogram pictures , which he joined shortly after the folding of his company victory pictures .
it is a minimal outline , monogram , or diagram that realizes or executes an abstract , general concept or idea ( idee ) as actual , perceptual experience .
carr and johnston left and reactivated monogram pictures ; darmour resumed independent production for columbia pictures ; levine left and never recovered from the loss of his studio , staff , and stars , all of whom now were contracted to republic and yates .
monogram decided on roland winters as toler 's replacement .
the frankie darro series was so successful that monogram used it as a haven for performers whose own series had been discontinued : jackie moran , marcia mae jones , and keye luke joined darro and moreland in 1940 , and gale storm would be added in 1941 .
the obverse central medallion depicts the belgian lion rampant , the reverse medallion bears the royal monogram .
during the monarchy ( 1935 - 1974 ) the letters were removed and the badge was topped by a crown , while the badge 's reverse side featured the monogram of the reigning monarch .
the second panel depicts the " mystery of the trinity " and an angel carrying the monogram of christ to earth .
ferdinand died in 1516 , and johanna 's son charles became king carlos i of aragon and regent of castille , so the last coppers struck in the early 1520s had a carlos - johanna monogram .
after this date , when he had moved to frankfurt , his monogram became ' hsb ' .
he appeared in several films produced at monogram pictures , including " spooks run wild " ( 1941 ) , " dick tracy vs. crime inc. " ( 1941 ) , " mr. wise guy " ( 1942 ) , and " smart alecks " ( 1942 ) .
the reverse features a wreath , the inscription " krigsmedalje " and the king 's monogram .
it consists of decorative floral panels framing various figured panels , including one with the complex monogram of the bishop .
model kit maker revell monogram and vex robot supplier innovation first announced more details of their new consumer robot kit february 13 , 2007 .
sultan mahmud ii 's monogram appears on both sides of the inscription and reads , " hala sultan tekke was built by god 's beloved great ottoman cyprus governor " .
african - american actor mantan moreland was hired as regular character birmingham brown , a fact which led to criticism of the monogram films in the forties and since ; some call these performances " brilliant comic turns " , while others describe moreland 's roles as an offensive and embarrassing stereotype .
some of the needlework on display in the house incorporates bess 's monogram " es " , and may have been worked on by bess herself .
neath brooklyn bridge " is a 1942 drama film released by monogram pictures .
the drill showcases the northwestern monogram and a line of brass spanning length of the football field .
he appeared in many low - budget " poverty row " westerns , mostly at monogram pictures and serials for mascot pictures corporation .
the obverse gilt central disc bore the crown of prussia , surrounded by a blue enamel ring bearing the motto of the german empire " gott mit uns " ( god with us ) ; the reverse gilt disc has the royal monogram , surrounded by a blue enamel ring with the date 18 october 1861 .
it replaced the crest of the stanley family with a depiction of the ducal coronet of the duke of atholl above the monogram letters a.d. ( for the latin , " atholl dux " ) .
publishers in several countries produced special monogram & crest albums .
major francis monogram ( voiced by jeff " swampy " marsh ) is perry the platypus 's boss and gives him missions to stop dr. heinz doofenshmirtz 's endless attempts at instigating a " reign of terror " upon the tri - state area .
monogram .
unfortunately the monogram has now disappeared .
monogram pictures .
for all years the school 's monogram is printed on the shirt pocket .
they begin to introduce themselves when doofenshmirtz interrupts this to point out monogram 's first name is francis , as indicated by the announcer .
in 1632 , he used this monogram early in the year , then added his patronymic to it , " rhl - van rijn " , but replaced this form in that same year and began using his first name alone with its original spelling , " rembrant " .
there exist some coins issued in severus ' name that bear a monogram sometimes identified with ricimer 's ; even if these coins were actually issued in the period between severus ' reign and his successor anthemius ' reign , it is nonetheless an honour unheard of for a barbarian , who was even mentioned on the inscriptions just after the emperors ( « salvis dd .
foreign car kits were left to the likes of monogram or revell .
obverse : queen elizabeth ii reverse : the royal monogram ( 4 double " l"s surmounted by a crown with fleur de lis and the motto " chrs regn vinc imp " ( " christ reigns , defeats and commands " ) . engravers : royal canadian mint engravers .
most of the information known about the agency comes from the interaction between major monogram and perry the platypus , along with agent p 's nemesis , dr. heinz doofenshmirtz .
the floor of the chapel itself is inlaid with polychromatic marbles , and at the foot of the steps leading to the altar is the crowned monogram of an interlaced double “
the current pulpit was installed in 1662 and was carved by abel schrøder and stands in the natural colour of its oak , except from the king 's monogram which is gilded .
the ligatured hp is a monogram used by the " himmelpforten " cistercian convent to mark its estate .
one common design is the usage of chinese characters ( hanzi , 汉字 ) as monogram such as fu ( 福,'happiness ' in chinese ) , shou ( 寿 , ' longevity ' in chinese ) to spread good luck and wishes .
in the beginning of the 18th century the garden was enlarged , the late baroque parterre ornamentation was replaced with régence motives completed with sieniawska 's coat of arms " szreniawa " in the northern parts and her monogram in the southern part .
the insignia consists of a red st george cross , in the centre a white globe with the monogram of the institutor , two opposite letters c surrounding xiii , in gold .
following the debacle surrounding the production of " the magnificent ambersons " ( which ended with the expulsion of the mercury team from the rko lot ) endfield signed on as a contract director at mgm , directing a wide variety of shorts ( including the last films in the long - running " our gang " series ) , before moving on to freelance on low - budget productions for monogram and independents .
initially christians avoided iconic images of religious figures and sarcophagi were decorated with ornament , christian symbols like the chi rho monogram and , later , narrative religious scenes .
monogram pictures signed moreland to appear opposite frankie darro in the studio 's popular action pictures .
the monogram brand name was finally retired in 1953 .
these stones bear the monogram of several of the founding families .
they all carry the monogram of saint euphrasius .
the badge was silver with a monogram of the letters " encircled by a frosted wreath " ( baird 's 1879 ) .
it was a french shield parted horizontally with a yellow field above bearing the minor state seal of the russian empire and a red field below bearing the yellow contour of the six - bastioned fort of st. elizabeth with her personal monogram inside between the figures " 17 " and " 54 " which meant the year of the fortress ' foundation .
however , in the episode " it 's a mud mud mud world " , he is a part of phineas ' and ferb 's scheme , he was also in the o.w.c.a but after he saw perry as an agent , he tripped in a plug and got stuck in the memory - eraser before carl and monogram see 's him , after that , he was a baby and agent p had to control his replica .
monogram hotels re - named the galway hotel ‘
boris karloff brought a touch of class to the monogram release schedule with his " mr. wong " mysteries .
the letter " i " for " imperatrix " was added to queen victoria 's monogram after she became empress of india in 1877 .
the monogram of prince carol was in the corners , surrounded by a laurel crown , while the flagpole was topped by a metal eagle with the motto “
monogram focused on custom , hot rod , tv , movie , racing cars , aircraft , and ships .
the first was " the range busters " ( 1940 - 1943 ) from monogram pictures which starred original mesquiteer ray " crash " corrigan as the character " crash " corrigan .
the film was released on october 29 , 1950 by monogram pictures and is the twentieth film in the series .
kitchen aid major appliances competes against products from ge monogram , fagor , bosch , and electrolux .
toler 's monogram output matched his fox output : 11 films for each studio .
in the central medaillon is the monogram of the duke , two intertwined " f " 's . the reverse is flat but the central medaillon bears the text " für verdienst " ( for merit " )
belgian euro coins feature only a single design for all eight coins : the portrait or effigy of king albert ii of the belgians and his royal monogram .
three of these used old voc designs with new dates ( from 1802 to 1806 ) , while the fourth , the designated central mint of the new republic at enkhuyzen , bore the inscription ' india batav ' where the voc monogram had been , and with the arms of the crowned states instead of the individual province 's arms .
when eve awakes the next morning , " her " luggage is delivered - a set of trunks bearing the czerny monogram and holding a complete new wardrobe .
to date , the company has worked with brands like kitchen aid , ge monogram , bosch , viking range and fagor .
she shared top billing in monogram 's " cosmo jones in the crime smasher " ( 1943 ) , opposite edgar kennedy , richard cromwell , and frank graham in the role of jones , a character derived from network radio .
gray appeared in a number of westerns throughout the 1930s , 1940s and 1950s , many of which were produced by monogram pictures .
a common practice in north america is to create a specially designed jewish monogram which is composed of an artistic rendition of the celebrant 's names in hebrew in the shape of something recognizable such as a flame , the trick being to try to make out the actual letters .
kit makers aurora , pyro , revell and monogram also appeared earlier than mpc , but did not enter the promotional business of pre - assembled models .
with the popularity of the books , magazine short stories and radio show , criterion pictures released two renfrew films through grand national pictures and six more through monogram pictures .
they signed their best works in monogram , and painted not only very small miniatures , but larger ones measuring as much as 10 in × 9 in ( 250 mm × 230 mm ) .
for those of captain 's rank the gorget was gilt with the king 's monogram under a crown in blue enamel , while more junior officers wore silver - plated gorgets with the initials in gold .
regardless , disney , monogram and several independents bargained with csu while columbia , fox , mgm , paramount , rko , universal , and warner did not .
minor members of the group were jacob binck and hans brosamer , and there are some prints by a " master ib " , named after his monogram , who may be either pencz , sebald beham , or a separate artist .
in the press kit for this film , monogram advised exhibitors to sell " it along the same lines as paramount 's the ghost breakers ( 1940 ) . "
crime themes dominated the roster at monogram in the late thirties and early forties .
on july 2 , 2004 , the theme was revamped to go along with a completely revamped title sequence , featuring a " b&b " monogram logo above the show 's title and video headshots of the current contract players ( accompanied by the character name and since 2005 , the actor 's name ) .
they carried with them on their missions in the turbulent cities of italy a copy of the monogram of the holy name , surrounded by rays , painted on a wooden tablet , wherewith they blessed the sick and wrought great miracles .
archiepiscopal minting was interrupted immediately after the west saxon takeover , but resumed shortly before wulfred ’s death using the same monogram reverse as the royal coinage in conjunction with an archiepiscopal name and bust on the obverse ; a type that continued under wulfred ’s successor ceolnoth , who came to power in 833 .
the artist defended her " simple living " campaign and her right to artistic freedom in a written response to louis vuitton on february 27 , 2008 , calling attention to the lack of the famous monogram , further asserting that the illustration refers to ' designer bags ' in general , with no specific mention of the louis vuitton brand in either the illustration or any associated campaign material .
during this time his artist signature changed to his monogram : ' bws ' .
h7 was the monogram of the norwegian head of state , king haakon vii ( 7th ) , who reigned from 1905 to 1957 .
( " if god be for us , who can be against us " ) , as well as frederick philipse ’s monogram , “ vf .
before his first selection of poems , he writes more ten theatrical works scarcely simplified in a monogram : " ( primero sábado que domingo ) " .
it was produced at the old monogram studios backlot that was later sold to kcet .
when monogram became allied artists pictures corporation in 1953 , it phased out its western productions , and elliott finished out his contract with a series of modern police dramas , his first non - westerns since 1938 .
monogram pictures signed errol to appear as fight manager knobby walsh in the " joe palooka " sports comedies ( 1946 - 50 ) .
der saarlandenzirkel is a collegiate monogram of the four letters v , c , f , s and an exclamation point .
with the exception of the fictional nightingale helicopter , airborne aircraft carriers and both monogram and testors versions of the f-19 stealth fighter model kits , all were based on real aircraft .
the film was released on october 10 , 1948 by monogram pictures and is the eleventh film in the series .
the school monogram is be printed on the shirt pocket .
but the combination of letters into a monogram is a new motif , one that will be developed extensively in later manuscripts .
the gold center medallion bore the royal monogram of friedrich i ( " fr " for " fredericus rex " ) .
since its establishment in 1912 , the studios located at the site have been the home of motion picture producers including lubin , essanay , willis and inglis , j.d. hampton , charles ray , ralph like , monogram pictures , allied artists , and colorvision .
the charlie chan series was now in the hands of monogram pictures , with sidney toler continuing in the leading role .
the obverse central disc has a gold crown on a blue enamel background ; the reverse central disc has the face - to - face monogram " l " ( for king leopold ii ) on a blue enamel background .
with his name now in ( dim ) lights , jackie moran went on to star in several youth - oriented films for low - budget and poverty - row studios , such as republic and monogram .
jacob faber or jakob faber , also known as the " master if " from the monogram on his prints , was a formschneider ( " block - cutter " ) of woodcuts and metalcuts , engraver , designer of decorative prints ( alphabets , borders etc ) and publisher .
on may 2 , 2007 , hobbico inc. announced it had acquired revell - monogram , llc , the corporate owner of revell .
ironically , the signature monogram canvas was created to " prevent " counterfeiting .
they also reached a worldwide audience when they began appearing in films , including the monogram pictures production “ lady , let 's dance ” in 1944 .
monogram explains that they 've begun an emergency evacuation due to a tape they 'd received from doofenshmirtz .
" in the list to be disposed of are fifty bedroom suites , many yards of carpet , silverware and table ware with the club monogram engraved thereon and many odd pieces of furniture and bric - a - brac .
the chi - rho monogram , which was adopted by constantine i in the fourth century as his banner ( see labarum ) , was another early christian symbol of wide use .
after perry leaves , monogram then says that perry 's answer sets up the next video perfectly , and cues video number 5 .
the monogram and crown of nuestra señora la santísima virgen de plata is placed in the top center portion of the shield .
a five star hotel in galway city , it is the flagship of the monogram hotel group - a subsidiary of irish developer edward holdings .
the elder hoskins was buried on february 22 , 1664 , in st paul 's , covent garden , and as there is no doubt of the authenticity of this miniature or of the signature upon it , it is evident that he had a son who survived him thirty - six years and whose monogram we find upon this portrait .
his monogram and his cipher , a griffin in a crown , can still be seen on the exterior of the building .
in 1938 darro joined monogram pictures to star in a series of action melodramas .
an example of a harbinger is that of constantine the great , who , as legend goes , saw a vision in which either ( depending on the version ) a cross , a fish or a labarum monogram was emblazoned in the sky .
many chrysler corporation vehicle parts also bore variants of the dpcd monogram , for " dodge - plymouth - chrysler - desoto " , well after the 1961 end of desoto production .
founded in 1987 , the company shares distribution agreements with monogram , revell germany and italeri in europe , and hasegawa and gsi in japan .
ten straight b noirs that year came from poverty row 's big three : republic ( " blackmail " and " the pretender " ) , monogram ( " fall guy " , " the guilty " , " high tide " , and " violence " ) , and prc / eagle - lion ( " bury me dead " , " lighthouse " , " whispering city " , and " railroaded " , another work of mann ) .
it marked the debut of allied artists pictures , the higher - budget division of monogram pictures , formerly a low - budget film studio .
each column bore the exhibition 's monogram : " ate " .
another independent , paul malvern , released his lone star western productions ( starring john wayne ) through monogram .
( in 2001 an updated style of the guernsey adding a " pfc " monogram on the front was adopted ) .
kg ( inc. ) , and is independent since its formal separation from revell - monogram llc in september 2006 .
furthermore , the monogram is often identical on their coins , indicating that the moneyer , or the place of mint , were the same .
the use of alternating colors the almost resemble enamel plaques such as are seen in this manuscript 's ini monogram will also become a standard technique in later manuscripts .
hotpoint , ge profile , and ge monogram models are all made here .
every sultan of the ottoman empire had his own monogram , called the tughra , which served as a coat of arms .
a number of small hollywood companies had folded around the turn of the decade , including the ambitious grand national , but a new firm , producers releasing corporation ( prc ) , emerged as third in the poverty row hierarchy behind republic and monogram .
the films were well - received , but monogram opted not to continue the series .
the obverse central disc features a lion on a black enamel background ; the reverse central disc has the face - to - face monogram " lr " ( for king leopold i ) ; both discs are surrounded by a red enamel ring with the motto " unity is strength " in french ( " l'union fait la force " ) and in dutch ( " eendracht maakt macht " ) .
kidrobot also makes monogram bags with the artist tilt .
fox declined , but toler sold the idea to monogram pictures , a lower - budget film studio .
the coat of arms of iran has been placed in the center of the white band which is meant to have multiple meanings , but is essentially a geometrically - symmetric form of the word allah as well as overlapping parts of the islamic phrase " la ilaha illa allah " ( " there is no god but allah " ) , forming a monogram .
many manufacturers began production in the 1950s and gained ascendancy in the 1960s such as aurora , revell , amt , and monogram in america , airfix in uk and heller sa in france .
when the classic blues craze began to wither in the early 1930s , austin settled into the position of musical director for the monogram theater , at 3453 south state street in chicago where all the t.o.b.a. acts played .
despite the frequent appearance of a characteristic " he " monogram , the attribution of works to eworth — and the identification of his sitters — remains in flux .
the huge pretentious organ with christian v ’s gilded monogram was built by the botzen brothers from 1698 - 1700 and is mounted on the wall and supported by two elephants .
that $ is a monogram of u. s. , used on money bags issued by the united states mint .
the left upright of the monogram is over twice as long as the right .
many of the company 's products utilize the signature brown damier and monogram canvas materials , both of which were first used in the late 19th century .
1980 's to present - navy blue with white ' ifc ' monogram
in october 1874 sir james fergusson announced that , " ... that the seal or badge to be worn in the union jack used by the governor of new zealand when embarked in any boat or other vessel shall be the southern cross as represented by four five - pointed red stars emblazoned on the white shield aforesaid , and the monogram nz in red letters in the centre of the southern cross .
the bottom part bears a copper strip adorned with a monogram separated by rosettes * in * pe * ra * to * re bt * , which means : jhezus nazarenus * principi emathie * regi albaniae * terrori osmanorum * regi epirotarum * benedictat te ( jesus nazarene blesses thee [ skanderbeg ] , prince of mat , king of albania , terror of the ottomans , king of epirus ) .
the major appliances are quickly gaining market share and compete against bosch , ge monogram , kitchen aid , jenn air , miele , electrolux and asko .
regan went on to headline musical comedies at both republic and monogram studios .
the reverse is a stylised ' double l ' crowned leopold ii monogram within a palm wreath .
monogram has released and re - released a 1985 fiero gt model ( the re - release is currently available ) .
nowadays , the initials are also called the royal cypher , but to aid clarification the monogram is referred to as the royal cypher interlaced and reversed .
jo - han , revell and monogram started producing model car kits about this same time , and the mid-1960s was considered a " golden age " for model car building from these new innovative customizing kits .
the guild 's logo was designed by mr. de lemos , who arranged the letters aag in a monogram depicting a boat sailing upon a tranquil sea .
a chrismon is one of number of christian symbols intended to represent aspects of the person , life or ministry of jesus christ and the life , ministry or history of the christian church through a single image , emblem or monogram .
years after graduating , duerson won the notre dame monogram club , which honors the school 's most distinguished alumni .
in 1968 he started at the university of sussex a film journal ( " brighton film review " ) , which he continued to edit from 1971 to 1975 under the name of " monogram " in london , encouraged by peter wollen and supported by a grant from the education department of the british film institute .
the king 's monogram was also painted and otherwise reproduced on various surfaces as a show of resistance to the occupation .
another type of flask , the union flask , was used until the turn of the century , and none were made with the monogram design .
the department of posts and telegraphs continued installing similar pillar boxes and wall boxes , but with the initials sé ( for saorstát éireann ) , a harp or the " p & t " logo , instead of a monarch 's monogram .
the grand necklace consisted of thirty interconnected medallions with crowned lions , alternated with the monogram of the founder knyaz alexander i and eight edges orthodox cross .
after revell merged with monogram , the hq was established in northbrook , illinois .
bradbury wrote almost all of the early monogram and lone star westerns .
faylen and l & h supporting player charlie hall were teamed briefly by monogram pictures .
this miniature is the largest and most lavish extant chi rho monogram in any insular gospel books and is the culmination of a tradition that started with the book of durrow .
in 1962 , he recorded the single " let 's dance " on monogram records .
era distributed other labels including monogram and trey .
by 1989 , monogram had quietly withdrawn from the radio control market .
the badge of the club was circular with an elaborate coat of arms on one side , and f.h.c. in a large monogram on the other .
but for the change of the monogram from vfl to afl in 1990 , the design , shape and size of the medallion itself has remained virtually unchanged from that of 1924 .
top songwriter frank loesser became gimbel 's mentor and , through loesser , he met composer moose charlap with whom he wrote the first of his numerous songs to appear in films , " past the age of innocence " , from the 1951 monogram musical , " rhythm inn " .
he was the first printmaker to sign his prints with an engraved monogram , which was standard practice on significant pieces of metalwork .
a center disc of red and white enamel displays a gold double - k monogram , surrounded by a white enamel band , on which is inscribed " kulia i kanuu " - " strive to reach the summit " .
in 1915 the team changed its name from swifts to western a.f.c. , and in doing so , changed the team strip from black jersey with a red sash , to a black jersey with the school monogram .
afterwords , he briefly joined the agency , joining along with major monogram and several agents in the song that 's how the animals go .
the range busters were monogram 's version of republic pictures ' the three mesquiteers .
the first six monogram productions , all starring sidney toler , were released by mgm in 2004 .
genre pictures made at very low cost remained the backbone of poverty row , with even republic 's and monogram 's budgets rarely climbing over $ 200,000 .
emigrating to the united states in 1950 at age 21 , he worked in the publicity department of monogram pictures ( later allied artists ) and subsequently became a freelance publicist .
this low budget film is hardly pure dostoevsky , but it has a visual style superior to and more cohesive than the typical monogram product . "
the picture was originally slated for monogram release , yet the producers , the king brothers productions , chose united artists as the distributor .
in the centre is a laurel wreath around the raf monogram surmounted by an imperial crown .
soon boetticher began a career as a journeyman director of b movies on the backlot at monogram , columbia , and other small studios , making pictures he later disparaged .
he is generally referred to as a producer but records show he only produced two b movies , both for the low - tier monogram , prior to his marriage to judy garland , one movie starring garland , and none thereafter .
the original -- signed with eworth 's " he " monogram -- was donated to the courtauld institute of art by lord lee of farnham in 1932 .
the original jacana jumper was purple with a yellow jfc monogram .
these churns and pails featured the queen 's monogram .
while this campaign was successful in most of nazi - occupied europe , it failed in norway : despite continued official use , the opposition also adopted the v - sign as an abbreviation of " verlieren " ( german for " to lose " ) , and filled in the nazi v 's with the h7 monogram .
low - budget companies such as monogram , producers releasing corporation , and screen guild productions were cinecolor 's chief employers .
the striking terracotta relief panel , " the city of refuge " , on the front elevation of the chapel , was created by the renowned doulton & co artist george tinworth and is signed with his monogram .
monogram continued the series with actor roland winters .
in 1942 , fresco started , with lou glaser , the revell plastics company ( now revell - monogram ) , manufacturing a broad range of plastic and die - cast models of cars , aircraft , military vehicles and ships .
the mane was exaggeratedly widened in order to accommodate the crowned monogram of king louis xiv , framing the number 5 .
in his spare time he plays and sings in country - folk - pop group monogram with stephen mcconnachie and corinna reicher they first performed live at the drill hall , london in october 2004 and they recorded their first album for the irregular records subsidiary label for new bands , unlabelled .
company 's monogram is still located above the central arch .
unlike monogram 's static models which were produced in the united states , both the lightning and thunder were produced in japan by yonezawa and sold in their home market as the wave hunter .
on the floor tiling are written nicolas rolin 's monogram and his motto " seulle " referring to his wife , guigone de salins .
while more lavish than some monogram productions , they were pale copies of her earlier work .
4 & 5(boys ) : white shirt with the monogram according to the house colour and khaki short pants , black shoes with lace and black socks .
the central portion of the cross has a blue oval medallion , encircled with diamonds , with a crowned monogram of sophie magdalene and christian vi .
this interpretation is supported by the issue at this time of the special celebratory london monogram coinage from the london mint , now under the control of alfred , and by the issue at the same time of coins from oxford and gloucester in southern mercia .
folio 19v has a large decorated chi rho monogram to mark the text of .
though the company is still experimenting with a logo , most of the clothing either carries a small embroidered rugby player , " rrl " monogram , or a skull and crossbones motif .
shortly thereafter , the division approved a shoulder sleeve insignia with a " yd " monogram to reflect this .
pluto was discovered in 1930 by clyde tombaugh shortly after he was hired by lowell observatory near the location expected for planet x. partly in recognition of lowell 's efforts , a stylized p - l monogram ( the first two letters of the new planet 's name and also lowell 's initials ) , was chosen as pluto 's astronomical symbol .
with that in mind , katzman enlisted the screen writing team of carl foreman and charles r. marion to pen the screenplay , which would feature monogram 's two most popular draws for the first time together on screen : bela lugosi and the east side kids .
the monogram name is currently used exclusively on the company 's high end " pro modeler kits " .
their military involvement appears to be in the training of division leaders , such as major monogram .
in fact , he had not even one shred of experience that could possibly resemble the fictional persona that monogram created for him .
the b-52 was a monogram 1:72 scale model composited into the arctic footage which was sped up to create a sense of jet speed .
the international crest of the marist brothers is the a.m. monogram - the marist " m ” .
phil krasne , a hollywood lawyer who invested in film productions , partnered with james burkett to produce the monogram chans .
in 2006 , the authority sold the nine great southern hotels by trade sale , with the three airport hotels becoming cg hotels , the galway hotels being sold to monogram hotels , the rosslare one becoming the st helen 's hotel , and the derry one becoming the city hotel .
the monogram , with h superimposed on 7 , was drawn on fences , walls , houses , roads , in the snow and otherwise in the public sphere .
the manuscript has two evangelist portraits ( st. mark and st. luke ) , a carpet page , initial pages for mathew ( " lib " ) , mark ( " initium " ) , and luke ( " quoniam " ) , a chi rho monogram page , and a page with the four evangelist symbols .
on the other side of the medal , there is an image of a radiant sacred host , the monogram of the holy name ( " ihs " ) , and the inscription " mane nobiscum , domine " i.e. " stay with us , o lord " .
monogram pictures .
the show starts off with major monogram and dr. doofenshmirtz , who are hosting the event , walking on - stage .
the film , made under the working title " in high gear " , is a remake , with monogram pictures filming an earlier version in 1938 .
the louis vuitton brand and the famous lv monogram are among the world 's most valuable brands .
dunston hall , rebuilt on the site of an older house by frederick c. perry c.1870 , is a large stuccoed mansion bearing his monogram .
the japanese also maintain the symbol of mahakala as a monogram .
the form of the n is comparable to the initial ini monogram of the opening illumination of the gospel of mark found in a fragmentary gospel book from durham cathedral .
( 1934 ) and the independently made western " the phantom of santa fe " ( 1936 , but filmed in multicolor in 1931 ) , followed by monogram pictures ' release " the gentleman from arizona " ( 1939 ) .
like the tenth symphony , this quartet incorporates quotations and his musical monogram .
while her work in the late 1940s would occasionally involve a supporting role in mgm films like cass timberlane with spencer tracy , her film career went into decline , with roles in films at poverty row studios like monogram pictures and prc .
the firm monogram , and later tamiya , first produced them in a scale derived from the architect 's scale : , while the firms amt , jo - han , and revell chose the scale of 1:25 .
the entrance was decorated with a monogram with the initials aom ( for anna - otto - mønsted ) .
between 1931 and 1940 he worked as second unit director or assistant director in over 20 films , including those at monogram pictures .
nicknamed the devils , oakleigh wore purple guernseys with a gold monogram thus giving them their original nickname the purple and golds .
the " badge " of the order is a gilt , white - enamelled maltese cross , with the monogram " w " ( for king william i ) between the arms of the cross .
many of the marble floors have been restored in the staterooms and decorated with intarsia designs which include the double r monogram of prince rainier iii .
after this , monogram attempts to be cool again .
the couple , billed as " tim and irene , " had their own series of short subjects in the 1930s for educational pictures , and later worked in feature films for monogram pictures .
in 1938 monogram began a long and profitable policy of making series and hiring familiar players to star in them .
( monogram pictures continued the series from 1944 to 1949 with 17 more entries . )
the flag consists of three horizontal stripes in the colors of the flag of the republic of the seven united netherlands ( red , white and blue ) and it displays a monogram on the central stripe and a crown on the upper stripe , both gold - coloured .
however , according to the los angeles office of the fbi , roselli was employed as a movie producer at monogram studios .
he spent the 1940s and 1950s appearing mostly as villains in dozens of b - movie westerns for the studios monogram and prc , including roles in " the maverick " , " outlaws of texas " , and " the girl from monterey " .
in late 1945 , she was signed by monogram pictures to portray anne howe , the love interest of fictional boxer joe palooka in " joe palooka , champ " .
above the medal is the monogram of the reigning king .
later , in the late 19th century , the arms consisted simply of 18 golden balls on a red background , without the monogram .
only the larger set have the monogram , now agreed to read " etsvi " , or in reverse " ivste " -"juste " .
it bears the joint monogram of patrick hepburn and helen cockburn ( see above ) .
the cambridge team was led out by captain isaac cowley lambert , wearing pink jerseys with a monogram on the left breast .
willem schellinks ' " city wall in the winter " was long thought to be asselijn 's , until the painting was restored and the original monogram was revealed .
in 1962 she followed lee to monogram records , recording solo and with chris montez .
the flag consists of three horizontal stripes in the colors of the flag of the republic of the seven united netherlands ( red , white and blue ) and it displays a monogram on the central stripe and a crown on the upper stripe , both gold - coloured .
it did not resemble the letter the prefect described so minutely ; the writing was different and it was sealed not with the " ducal arms " of the s— family , but with d— 's monogram .
the four quadrants of the shield are filled with : the marist monogram , with its twelve stars , in the top left , the southern cross in the top right , the mca logo in the bottom left and the lamp and book representing learning , in the bottom left .
the co - creators also voice two regular characters , dr. doofenshmirtz and major monogram was both uncredited , and kelly hu as candace 's best friend stacy .
he also commands the loyalty of the o.w.c.a. and ordered perry not to follow major monogram 's orders to travel back in time to change history .
the clear marking with the number xvi was soon again replaced with an x , but often now with a horizontal bar through the centre as shown in the second example on the left ( crawford 243/1 ) ; this is often read as a monogram of xvi with all the letters superimposed .
its plant in venice was closed and all its usable assets were transferred to monogram 's number 2 plant in des plaines , illinois .
later , the club wore navy guernseys with a white hfc monogram .
one exception was monogram pictures 's " return of the ape man " ( 1944 ) , starring bela lugosi and john carradine , in which moran shared credit for the title role with george zucco , although , in fact , zucco became ill and moran replaced him – zucco does not appear in the film as released .
these include a portrait coin – probably from around the same time as the london monogram pennies – with the mint - name æt gleapa ( ‘ from gloucester’ ) , which had become an important centre of ‘ english’ mercia under alfred ’s ealdorman æthelred ; a small number of ‘ four - line’ non - portrait pennies with reverse mint names assigning their production to winchester and exeter ; another non - portrait series probably struck at oxford ( ohsnaforda ) ; and large silver ‘ offering pieces’ inscribed elimosina ( ‘ alms’ ) .
model kits of the hemi under glass and hurst hairy olds were available as well ; the plymouth was replicated by mpc and aurora plastics corporation while the olds was available as a kit from monogram .
within the rhombus is a gold monogram ( of the virgin mary ) topped by a christian crown of the same metal .
he appeared in 28 westerns at monogram between 1944 and 1949 .
what was played through the digital delay system , a digitech rds 7.6 with a continuously variable voltage control output , was the sounds of a clock , a westclox silver bell monogram , ticking , with the delay controlled by a galvanic skin response sensor ( gsr ) .
the " ini " monogram is formed by compressing the three letters into a large n which is reminiscent of the initial n found in the ambrosiana jerome .
monogram also produced a ' 78 el camino in their then - usual , slightly larger 1/24 scale , as well as a ' 79 police package sedan as a simplified 1/32 scale snap - together kit .
his disillusionment with modern art , such as rauschenberg 's " monogram " , a stuffed goat with a tire around its middle section standing on a flat , littered surface , that nerdrum had encountered in moderna museet , filled the young artist with disgust .
h7 ( monogram ) .
