however , this system was declared illegal within 24 hours by the european court of human rights as well as the high court for england and wales , following a legal challenge by convicted double murderer anthony anderson .
because of the phantom 's close connection to india , the editors made several " politically correct " changes to places and names -- bengali became denkali ( there are no pygmy people in bengal , which would have puzzled indian readers ) ; the singh brotherhood were known as " singa " pirates ; and rama ( the murderer of the 20th phantom ) became ramalu , even though ramalu is also a common indian name .
however , by using the devices and the pyramid , he discovers there is no diamond ; john 's former lover anticipated dying , and thus set a trap to kill her murderer .
he was known especially for his part in judge begbie ’s famous case against the murderer james barry .
the two work together to find the murderer and seem to have feelings for one another .
" the ox - bow incident " is a 1940 western novel by walter van tilburg clark , in which two drifters are drawn into a posse formed to find the murderer of a local man .
bevan spencer von einem ( born c.1945 ) , also known as bevan von einem ( last name sometimes spelled " von einem " ) , is a convicted child murderer from adelaide , south australia .
zola casually tosses in a remark that the money and watch stolen from grandmorin was hidden behind the skirting board in their apartment , thus confirming the reader ’s suspicion that roubaud was the murderer all along .
the detectives of the hmd are tracking the murderer who vanished into the 24 districts .
as the victim lived near the market , news of his death soon spread and hundreds of men went on pursuit of the murderer .
in 1971 , he starred as a murderer in " the uninvited " , an episode of the bbc 's supernatural thriller series " out of the unknown " .
the brooklyn detectives had claimed that whitmore had given details of the wylie - hoffert killings which only the murderer could have known .
holmes tells watson that the murderer returned to the house to reclaim the ring but was prevented by rance 's presence .
a detective , on the hunt for a murderer in hollywood , finds his hours are seriously hindered by the fact that he is a werewolf .
the mongoose is a cruel and cold - blooded murderer who carries out his orders with eagerness and glee .
his last work , shylock 's last act ( « последний выход шейлока » , 2005 ) is a detective story that takes place in a jewish ghetto during the world war ii , where heroes , witnesses and the murderer end their lives in auschwitz .
yan yanming ( chinese : 闫彦明 ) ( b. 1983 in ruzhou , henan , china - january 18 , 2005 in pingdingshan , henan , china ) was a chinese mass murderer who entered a dormitory at the number two high school in ruzhou , china on november 26 , 2004 with a knife and attacked twelve boys , killing nine of them .
selma insists that she never fired her gun , and nick is now obliged to investigate and determine the true murderer .
the murderer of lady bruce , george bruce , and matilda does not escape ; young bruce confronts brand , fights with him , and kills him .
leith ratten is a convicted murderer from echuca , australia whose case ignited controversy and national interest in the 1970s .
the murder weapon , however , belongs to the chorus girl and she is about to be arrested by detective crosby ( robert elliott ) , when the real murderer — miller 's downtrodden ex - girlfriend — gives herself up .
in 2001 , she was confronted with the decision to pursue the death penalty in a conviction of an 18-year - old murderer .
robert patrick stars as a private investigator traumatized by his father 's suicide who goes undercover in a mental institution to uncover the murderer of his psychiatrist .
wynter has reported on the execution of death row inmate stanley " tookie " williams , quadruple murderer and co - founder of the crips street gang .
but the event shocks the villagers and they start calling him a murderer .
he was distantly related to elizabeth 's spymaster francis walsingham and the employer of marlowe 's murderer ingram frizer .
however , a psychopathic mass murderer , known as the norfolk whistler , is on the loose and seems to have arrived at larksoken when dalgliesh finds the body of the nearby nuclear power plant 's acting administrative officer during an evening stroll on the beach .
the lindbergh baby 's kidnapping and murder ; confused kidnappers take the wrong person ; a murderer abducts a young heiress .
the fourth attempt , unfortunately for the would - be murderer , is made in the garden of a cornish riviera hotel where hercule poirot , the famous belgian detective , is staying .
books - sf : engerlings , notes from garth , dzwille , continent of unlimited possibilities etc . 8 staged theater plays and more than 30 detective novels ( dark well , man - eater , death of a midget , lady with a green elephant , very long stairs , murderer 's road , estimated solution and others ) .
also in the first edition of the film , and removed from the second edition , when referring to the murder of theo van gogh a picture of the dutch rapper salah edin is displayed instead of the murderer mohammed bouyeri .
despite new forensic evidence , police efforts were diverted for several months following receipt of a taped message purporting to be from the murderer .
yet , it concentrates on the psychological power game between the murderer and his girlfriend rather than the violence of the crime .
the character is based on real - life murderer chester gillette .
due in part to the work of paulus diaconus , there seems to be some confusion about who actually killed alboin , with both helmechis and peredeo assigned as sole murderer , however , recent scholarship suggests that it was the work of multiple men , including helmechis , peredeo and elmigisilus .
according to the book , the test was not inconclusive , writing , " murderer william heirens was questioned about the killing and dismemberment of six - year old suzanne degnan ... on the basis of the conventional testing theory his response on the card test clearly establishes ( him ) as an innocent person . "
he is worried that erin only said yes because naughty nelly , a promiscuous , flirtatious , and scandalous woman , " says yes to everyone and might be a murderer . "
a mob attacked the commercial road police station , on the suspicion that the police were harbouring the murderer there .
originally , he denied ever killing anyone , but he later admitted in a television interview that he was a murderer .
bill warren has observed that " tenebrae " “ is in most ways a typical " giallo " : visually extremely stylish , with imaginative , sometimes stunning cinematography ... mysterious , gruesome murders , often in picturesque locations ; at the end , the identity of the murderer is disclosed in a scene destined to terrify and surprise . ”
visible on de simone 's neck were " a series of multiple , roughly horizontal , linear , bruised abrasions on the front of the neck [ which ] matched the description of a [ gold chain and crucifix ] which the deceased had been said to be wearing that evening " indicating the possibility that this was used as the ligature and lead to the tabloid press dubbing the murderer the " crucifix killer " .
he is consumed with investigating and finding the murderer of his wife , michelle , and their infant child .
fearing death and lamenting that she never got her first kiss , meg kisses neil , but hugh downs captures the mass media murderer .
frederick atkins ( died 2005 ) was a convicted murderer who received a mandatory sentence of death from a court in barbados .
in 1996 he released " murderer 's row " with his band of the same name .
the novel is dedicated to the convicted and executed murderer maurice pilorge .
lane becomes frightened when she realizes that a murderer is after her , because she has inside information about a killing that went on several years earlier .
riley dobi noel ( may 22 , 1972 – july 9 , 2004 ) was a murderer executed for the june 5 , 1995 murder of marcell young , 17 , malak hussian , 10 , and mustafa hussian , 12 – all siblings – in varner , arkansas .
the police are unable to find the murderer and close the case .
chris , determined his brother is a murderer , tries to kill him , but fails and almost shoots steven , who notices his anger sends him away from peyton place .
bearer accused the undertaker of being a " murderer " and " liar " .
finding the boat , dupin suggests , will lead the police to the murderer .
" i have never yet heard of a murderer who is not afraid of a ghost . "
ibn tahir stabs the vizier , but , before he passes away , the vizier reveals the truth of hassan 's deceptions to his murderer .
the crew are at odds over what to do with nygard ; while everyone agrees that he is a murderer , the pod he was in is made of a valuable and now rare material .
dorothea nancy waddingham ( 1899 - 16 april 1936 ) was a nursing home matron and convicted murderer in the united kingdom .
at one point it seems very likely that one of them must be the murderer : they were all " on the spot " , as miss marple calls it , that august night eighteen years ago when helen was murdered .
jocasta , finally realizing oedipus ' true identity , begs him to abandon his search for laius ' murderer .
she has trouble with her husband 's profession , considering him more a robin hood - like character and just another " crook " rather than a brutal murderer .
rabbi / dr . gidon rothstein ( author of " murderer in the mikdash " ) , in an article in the rabbinical council of america 's journal " tradition " , analyzed rabbi shapiro 's arguments and concluded that
it was the location of the wounding and capture of murderer richard wayne snell , following his shootout with local police .
although no new evidence has come forth , on december 16 , 2008 , police announced that the walsh case was now closed as they were satisfied that toole was the murderer of adam walsh .
brian david steckel ( december 14 , 1968 – november 4 , 2005 ) was a convicted murderer executed in the u.s. state of delaware .
her murderer poisoned himself , and the skeleton of his accomplice was found , many years afterwards , in a cell where he secreted his money .
a letter written before her death to hercule poirot is too late to save her life , but it puts poirot on the trail of a murderer .
daniel rakowitz is an american murderer and cannibal .
" murderer " is a 1975 comedy / thriller play written by anthony shaffer .
the cover artwork features a photograph of satanic murderer ricky kasso ( nicknamed ' the acid king ' ) , from whom the band took their name .
the story features mccaleb , an agent with a transplanted heart , in pursuit of his donor ’s murderer .
when one of the guests – mrs boyle – is killed , they realise that the murderer is already there .
a series of murders of transients along the rails committed by a serial murderer , robert joseph silveria jr. ( aka " sidetrack " ) , led to police and media attention on the ftra , including a may 1996 murder which led to the ftra 's being profiled on " america 's most wanted " .
one notable characteristic of sharia is that the family of a murder victim can pardon the murderer .
by the end of the decade his film career had declined , and his final films , including " the great lover " ( 1949 ) , in which he played a murderer opposite bob hope , and fred astaire 's " let 's dance " ( 1950 ) , were not successful .
the decision is made to simply keep the murderer imprisoned for life .
in " and then there were none " , the scheming murderer fakes his own being murdered , commits further murders , then commits suicide at the end so that it appears he was murdered much earlier and could n't have committed any remaining murders .
slip comes to the conclusion that the club had something to do with his boss ' death and sets out to find his murderer .
the brothers then promise themselves to find the murderer , and avoid any obstacles , distractions , and firepower .
after nezumi is accused of murder , ishida 's deductive skills tell him that the thief is no murderer , and despite his resentment , ishida will not tolerate the crook being charged with a crime he did n't commit .
kang soon convinces himself that cho is the murderer , although no one else believes that he has a case .
the controversy over clare blake has been her willingness to sleep with suspects so that evidence can be gained from them - exemplified in her relationship with murderer james lampton , acted by hugh bonneville .
one of these critics was j. j. maloney ( d. 1999 ) , a convicted murderer who upon release in 1972 became an investigative reporter for the " kansas city star " ( he was nominated for the pulitzer prize five times ) and later a web publisher ( he launched www.crimemagazine.com ) .
the murders must be reliably referenced to have been committed " with [ the murderer 's ] own hands . "
a second storyline involves richard fettle , a good friend of the murderer , also an untherapied writer , who must come to terms with what happened to his friend and how his life — and that of artists , and all of the untherapied — must change .
gary lee sampson ( born 1959 ) is a convicted murderer in massachusetts , united states .
when the new sheriff is witness to a car bombing that kills a federal air marshal , he puts pressure on grissom to find the murderer .
in " infinite crisis " # 7 , alexander luthor , jr. mentions that in the newly rewritten history of the " new earth , " created in the previous issue , the murderer of martha and thomas wayne – again , joe chill – was captured , thus undoing the retcon created after " zero hour " .
james henry corbitt ( c. 1913 – 28 november 1950 ) was an english murderer hanged at strangeways prison in manchester by albert pierrepoint .
according to " the guardian " details about where moir lived were posted on the internet and a false rumour that the " daily mail " had reported cowles as gately 's murderer was repeated on twitter .
the novel proceeds on the basis that keith talent , the known criminal , will be the murderer , with guy clinch as the fall guy necessary to provoke him into killing ( and , incidentally , unwittingly provide funds to help talent avoid being beaten up by loan sharks and further his darts career to ensure he appears in the sparrow masters darts final the day before the planned murder ) .
james " jim " latimer is the rapist and murderer of teenager sharon crossthwaite and sent to prison .
journalist trudy harris , writing in " the australian " , described some of her claims , including one that an unnamed nsw judge was a satanic murderer , as " bizarre " .
daniel pelosi ( born 2 august 1963 in center moriches , new york ) is the convicted murderer of wall street financier ted ammon , and the widower of generosa ammon .
william hooper young ( march 13 , 1871 – after 1928 ) was a convicted american murderer .
though he never claimed nor encouraged the name , kramer 's work eventually earned him the nickname " the jigsaw killer " , in spite of the circumstances and intentions he had while conducting his work ; he did not consider himself to be a " killer " or " murderer " .
volkheim is a former murderer / movie director that has become a zombie .
the dc superhero community rallies to find the murderer , with villain doctor light being the prime suspect .
he was also seen in " bart the murderer " , calming the crowd after a truckload of laramie cigarettes were stolen by fat tony and the springfield mafia ( much to his distaste ) .
cadfael reports to the abbot , confirming ewald was a murderer but warning that he does not think ewald acted alone .
endre kourza , count of zagrev , is considered the empire 's worst mass murderer , having impaled over 300 terrans and relentless slaughtering many others in various ways .
israel lipski ( 1865 - 1887 ) born israel lobulsk , was a convicted murderer of polish - jewish descent living in the east end of london .
killed by ulasim and is ulasim 's murderer .
celia finds her own life in danger , as the pursuit of the murderer 's identity picks up pace .
that article discussed moore 's murderer and the failure of bureaucracy .
the true murderer was elsa .
normal shrapnel in " the guardians issue of june 9 , 1950 noted that this was christie 's fiftieth book and said that the murderer was , " run to earth in a brilliantly conducted parlour game " .
murderer edward william pritchard , the last person to be publicly hanged in glasgow .
alfonzo dominico was found floating in the pearl bay swimming pool in the second season of " seachange " , and during the trial of an accused murderer , his death was the subject of an inquest into whether the dog was really the personality bucket never had .
in his memorandum , macnaghten stated that " no - one ever saw the whitechapel murderer " , which directly contradicts anderson 's and swanson 's recollection .
lewis caine ( also known by the aliases sean vincent and adrian bligh ) was an australian murderer who was himself murdered on 8 may 2004 during the melbourne gangland killings .
the book is pumla 's account of her interviews with state - sanctioned mass murderer eugene de kock from the time of apartheid in south africa .
harry does make use of a voodoo doll once more , when a disembodied murderer uses ancient egyptian magic to take over detective murphy 's body .
the story would have revolved around a young , handsome bodybuilder ( inspired by neville heath ) who lures young women to their deaths , a version of the character known as ' merry widow murderer ' in " shadow of a doubt " .
she explained that she had no idea her character was the murderer , even after receiving the call .
the guests , as well as three servants and a young man who claims to have wandered innocently onto the estate , are then murdered one by one , several in full view of the audience , with the murderer 's surprise identity revealed at the end .
bouhouche was first arrested in january 1986 as a suspected murderer of juan mendez , a fn weapons engineer and sales manager for latin america .
wolfe , outraged at the thought of such a violent act taking place in his own house , resolves to find the murderer without sharing any information with inspector cramer .
david wilson ( died 20 july 1998 ) was a convicted murderer and the second person to be executed by saint kitts and nevis since it became a sovereign state in 1983 .
howell 's film career continued into the sound movie era with a role as a mute servant of the master murderer in the motion picture " the black ace " ( 1933 ) .
the mount name appears as " banu - l - qatil " in the work of muslim geographer al - idrisi in the twelfth century , but it is possible that this is an error of transcription ( arab names like " beni " are abundant on the peninsula ; the name means " family tree " ) because it does not make a lot of sense in arabic ( it would be " the family of the murderer " ) .
in 2009 , former llanview police detective john mcbain is investigating a serial murderer who leaves clues pointing to marty 's 1993 rape .
as a special treat , prince wu luan , an accomplished singer and dancer , stages a masked mime play that exposes his uncle as his father 's murderer .
the heirs had the right to compensation and to demand execution of the murderer ( see qisas ) , but they could also choose to forgive .
then , the killer comes behind her , and drags her to a rocky place where she was hit by a rock in the head , and beheaded by the murderer , and we know this because it was recorded by her video camera .
even in this interview , brooks is not immediately identified as the hostage , although it is alluded to , noting that he was the only person in the proximity of the murderer .
he traces the murderer and kills him , and is therefore now on the run from the police himself .
she is introduced to " fay " – it is , in fact , the dead girl ’s mother who , her voice sounding similar and made - up to look younger , agreed to help the police trap the murderer of her daughter .
stephen wayne anderson ( july 8 , 1953 – january 29 , 2002 ) was an american murderer who was executed in california 's san quentin state prison by lethal injection in 2002 .
then neddie asks if he would know the murderer if he did n't see him again .
teito is found eavesdropping and tries to attack his father 's murderer but is quickly brought down by one of ayanami 's subordinates and sent to prison .
the relationship of two students who were taught by the same teacher ( ta esey ) for fighting lessons were suddenly split by the fact that each accused the other of being a murderer .
the game is made challenging by the fact that the player has to keep track of everyone 's stories and also can only question people once or twice before the murderer becomes suspicious .
percy lefroy mapleton ( also known as percy mapleton lefroy ; february 23 , 1860 – november 29 , 1881 ) , a journalist , was the british " railway murderer " of 1881 .
the argument ends with beecher rejecting keller for the final time , as beecher pushes him away , keller commits a final act of betrayal by throwing himself backwards and over a railing while screaming " beecher , don't ! " effectively committing suicide and implicating beecher as a murderer .
it was an interesting choice of in - laws ( " adfines " ) since brutus refused to speak to pompeius magnus until the civil war , detesting him as a tyrant and the murderer of his father .
although the game is simple , no two murder scenarios are exactly alike as the game randomizes attributes of the game like the victim , murder scene , murder weapon , and murderer .
in the end , ed woolcott is revealed as the murderer .
one result of the universal possibility of creating a clone of a dead person is that murder has gone down in importance , being considered a second - rate crime rather than the heinous act it is in our society - since the victim would be revived , and the murderer has only deprived him or her of a few months ' memories and experiences .
in one episode in the fourth season he learns that risley tucker ( moses gunn ) , an arabber whom he zeroed in on as the likely murderer but was unable to secure a confession from , has died of natural causes .
reles became known as a particularly cold - blooded and psychopathic murderer .
oldfield was convinced that the tape came from the real murderer and spent a great deal of time in the north east around sunderland , as the accent of the man on the tape was determined to come from the castletown area in the town .
yug proves sunaina as trishna ’s murderer .
" this sequence of events would seem to indicate that rather than being the actual literal beings cain , abel , and eve the dreaming 's incarnation of them are closer to their archetypal roles of first murderer , first victim , and first mother .
the police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner mildred pierce ( crawford ) , who under interrogation confesses to the crime .
troy graves ( born may 4 , 1972 ) is an american serial rapist and murderer of shannon schieber .
his next work , " a soldier 's play " , told the story of the racially charged search by a black captain for the murderer of a black sergeant on a louisiana army base in 1944 , as a means to discuss the position of blacks in white society .
robin mckennel lovitt ( born november 6 , 1963 ) is a convicted murderer in the u.s. state of virginia .
while deruga himself does not seem to care one way or another , there are clearly two opposing parties : one group , headed by the baronin truschkowitz , who feel strongly that a murderer must be brought to justice ; and another , motley group of people who have crossed the defendant 's path at some point in their lives and who , summoned to testify as character witnesses , insist that , despite his occasional rudeness , he has always been a witty , kind , sympathetic , helpful , even philanthropic , man whose lack of interest to accumulate money would never have induced him to kill his ex - wife on the sheer hope that he might be included in her will .
at trial , the state prosecutors portrayed rosa as the sole murderer who killed tomlinson .
in this book , detective philo vance 's murder investigation takes place in a private home that doubles as a museum of egyptology , and the solution depends in part on philo vance 's extensive knowledge of egyptian history and customs , which enable him to sort through suggestions of godly vengeance and reveal the misdirections perpetrated by the real murderer .
schwartz defense strategy of rodriguez involved blaming his wife , nixzaliz santiago , and showing that she was the actual murderer .
cadfael can not say whether it was stolen from his workshop or the abbey 's infirmary , but he suggests that warden search for the bottle which the murderer used to carry it .
david ferguson ( murderer ) .
carl otto wanderer ( 1887 - 1921 ) was a murderer famous for what became known as " the case of the ragged stranger " , wherein he murdered his wife ruth , and a drifter named al watson , in a bizarre plot to kill his wife so he could be with his homosexual lover , known only as " james " .
another difference is that ' new ' " columbo " occasionally plays tricks with the famous format established by the 1970s episodes ( where the murderer carries out a complex plan in the first act , and the remainder of the episode follows columbo 's efforts to prove them guilty ) .
when a man named flanders murders chris stamp in a local park and realizes that little maddie has witnessed the entire thing , she becomes the murderer 's next target .
the conspirators included : ma anand sheela , sally - anne croft , chief financial officer of rajneeshpuram ; susan hagan , head of security at rajneeshpuram , catherine jane stork , who bought weapons and silencers and volunteered to be the actual murderer ; ann phyllis mccarthy , fourth - in - command of rajneeshpuram ; and co - conspirators alma potter , carol matthews , phyllis caldwell and richard kevin langford .
margo is a quirky individual who acts as an agent for a singer , sells marijuana on the side and wants to hire ira to find not a murderer but just her missing cat .
after coming into contact with a man named paul denchfield , players discovered that v ( a.k.a . cyrus quinton ) , an agent of the third power organisation and a murderer , was planning to use the neural override to control the minds of the public at radio 1 's big weekend festival in preston on the weekend of may 19 and may 20 , 2007 .
the next day , driven by questions and insecurities , alix starts to search through her husband 's papers in two locked drawers and in one of them finds newspaper clippings from america dated seven years previously which report on a swindler , bigamist and suspected murderer called lemaitre .
in present southwestern germany , mélac 's name became a synonym for " murderer and arsonist " .
at this point , everyone involved is taken to police custody , and the murderer 's identity is revealed at the end .
marion sylder is an outlaw and bootlegger and murderer .
after returning to the winter camp , dunbar realizes that as a deserter and murderer , he is now a fugitive and will continue to draw the army 's attention , endangering the tribe .
about this time he forcibly released one of his supporters from imprisonment , a step which led to an altercation with his former friend john knox , who called him a murderer and throat - cutter .
john rooney ( murderer ) .
richard wade farley ( born 1948 ) is an american convicted mass murderer .
he appears as a musician in the wedding scene from the movie " so i married an axe murderer " .
vasu discovers that raj is actually the murderer of the landlord who killed his father .
jean - claude romand ( born 11 february 1954 ) is a french impostor and murderer who pretended to be a medical doctor .
jesus christ was accused of being a murderer in his time ” .
" you stand condemned before god , a murderer , who has defiled the house of god with blood ! " cried the bishop and pushed the king back with his shepherd 's crook .
hester was a research psychiatrist ( she met martin when she was profiling a murderer ) and the inspiration for both frasier and niles to go into the profession .
however , when the sword passes through an especially wicked person , such as a murderer or someone who made a deal with the devil , that sword will induce intense pain and trigger visions of hell inside the person 's mind , sending him or her into shock .
in her first case , she captures the murderer and discovers his link to the muerta organized crime family .
in an attempt to flush out the murderer , poirot claims to know more than he does , but he is almost pushed under a train .
in 1965 , the handsome ammaturo met pupetta maresca a former beauty queen who had made international headlines in the 1950s when she killed the murderer of her husband , a camorra boss named pasquale simonetti , in revenge .
however , he praised the bart segment , stating that it saved the episode , and that bart not seeing nudity in the " playdude " magazines worked well in every joke , and the segment was almost reminiscent to the season three episode " bart the murderer . "
the acolyte , who had exhibited a chest wound the day that rasputin was speared to death , fulfilled rasputin 's prophecy regarding his murderer .
there are two appendices to the book , the first dealing with the murder of the princes , where kendall makes the case for the duke of buckingham as the murderer .
when eyre returned to britain in august 1866 , his supporters held a banquet in his honour , while opponents at a protest meeting the same evening condemned him as a murderer .
according to david sexton , author of " the strange world of thomas harris : inside the mind of the creator of hannibal lecter " , harris once told a librarian in cleveland , mississippi , that lecter was inspired by william coyne , a local murderer who had escaped from prison in 1934 and gone on a rampage that included acts of murder and cannibalism .
when the murderer fired the rifle it obviously jumped leaving the indention .
sam is not happy with the plan and when the police turn up , sam tells them to arrest her but says that peggy is the murderer .
the murderer !
its most well - known inmate is mass murderer james ruppert , ii , the hamilton , ohio resident who killed 11 family members at his mother 's house on easter sunday in 1975 .
at this point , he solves the mystery , and the murderer , who looks exactly as holmes deduced , emerges from a hiding place in a bookcase .
bickford plays a convicted murderer , scheduled to be executed , whom a socialite ( johnson ) marries simply to satisfy a condition of her grandfather 's will .
kouao herself was called to the inquiry , becoming the first convicted murderer to appear in person in a public inquiry .
together with his alleged murderer lalli , henry remains one of the most recognized people from the early history of finland .
bush fought back however and shot and wounded the murderer .
brian keith lord is an american murderer .
finally , the murderer 's ghost takes hold of mari and is his next victim .
eliza sharp detailed the events of the night of the murder and reiterated that beauchamp 's voice was that of the murderer .
jesse norman imeson is a canadian murderer currently serving a 25 year sentence for the killing of carlos rivera , 26 , bill regier , 72 , and wife helene , 73 .
meanwhile , sahiba is distressed to find out that the man she is engaged to , had murdered a girl at sahiba 's college hostel - the very murderer whose men karan had rescued her from .
nevertheless , given the choice between setting free a murderer and expediently allowing an unpleasant but innocent man go to the gallows , poirot ( with marked reluctance ) saves carter .
she began acting in 1934 , and in 1939 she and kellino made their first film together " i met a murderer " ( 1939 ) .
there are also a number of ellery queen short stories , many featuring a puzzle format called the " dying clue , " where a dying person leaves a clue to their murderer 's identity which must be interpreted by the detective .
in the years following davis ' conviction , nine individuals signed sworn affidavits suggesting that the real murderer is coles , who first accused davis of the crime .
a chunk of arm flesh , later traced to the murderer , is also found at the scene .
they also reveal that the hospital 's chief of security was knocked unconscious by the patient , who stole his clothes and id , meaning del is trapped in the cottage with the real axe - murderer .
in the same year her two new books , the science - fiction novel " elects of heavens " and the collection of fantastic and adventure stories " murderer chupacabra " were published .
at first , selina insists that she does not require protection , but after ka kui has a fellow policeman break into her apartment and pose as a knife - wielding murderer , she becomes more cooperative .
( ) the blood - avenger was to put the murderer to death upon encounter .
dr bond also stated that the knife used was about an inch wide and at least six inches long , but did not believe that the murderer had any medical training or knowledge .
he promises the police to identify the murderer .
( the other is the ' anwerks package ' scene in " martin chuzzlewit " when jonas chuzzlewit , the murderer , is turned back as he boards ship for the low countries ) .
antoine le blanc was a 19th century murderer and a french immigrant to the united states .
okono kitahama was set up by oyuki to lose all her assets and was framed as a murderer .
the murders are all the more mystifying since the murderer appeared to have left no identifying traces , not even fingerprints on the victims ' necks .
billy fraser almost certainly killed over 100 members of the tribe making him the greatest mass murderer in australian history .
realizing that the dogs have not barked the night before , it seems clear that the murderer was one of the women in the house .
his murder at the hands of the mafia , and the collateral damage that ensued , set dwight on a mission to find his murderer .
in a famous murder case the rolex that a victim wore on his wrist eventually led to the arrest of his murderer .
the police chief , far from congratulating andy for finally finding the racketeer 's murderer , lets him take the fall for the boy 's accidental shooting death .
the movie opens as both rahul ( arjun rampal ) and karan ( zayed khan ) discover the deceased puja 's ( amisha patel ) body , hanged in the living room of her home , and the mystery of the identity of her murderer and their complex motives ensue .
this man can not have been the person responsible for ejaculating over the girl 's knickers and skirt , and consequently can not have been the murderer " .
he is envisioned as a murderer who has been condemned to death , and is invoked to pronounce swift judgment .
edson 's novel " guns in the night " features belle starr 's being murdered when pregnant with mark counter 's child , after which the floating outfit teaming up to catch her murderer .
however , the same communist authorities did n't hesitate to mail a letter written by a reputed nazi mass - murderer rudolph hess to his family .
they proposed a friendly request to be sent to the indians to surrender the murderer .
ironically , the murderer from the team assigned to dispose of james and lauren , wounded during a shootout , survived his wounds only to be sentenced to death by an american court at a later date .
an fbi agent , michelle is obsessed with jason voorhees , believing him to be her mother 's murderer .
he did admit that , " death in the clouds " may not rank with her greatest achievements , but it is far above the average detective story . " he finished by saying , " mrs. christie provides a little gallery of thumb - nail sketches of plausible characters ; she gives us all the clues and even tells us where to look for them ; we ought to find the murderer by reason , but are not likely to succeed except by guesswork . "
the freed slave , ko tha byu , was an illiterate , surly man who spoke almost no burmese and was reputed to be not only a thief but also a murderer who admitted killing at least thirty men , but could not remember exactly how many more .
assistant commissioner sir robert anderson claimed in his memoirs that the ripper had been identified by the " only person who had ever had a good view of the murderer " , but that no prosecution was possible because both the witness and the culprit were jews , and jews were not willing to offer testimony against a fellow jew .
as the detective obsesses with the young woman whose murder he investigates , he discovers that her death is even more bizarre than he had suspected : the murderer ate bits of flesh from suarez ’s corpse and ejaculated against her thigh .
brisman 's murderer has been referred to as " the craigslist killer " by the media .
each season , a few episodes would have a story that would take place in a remote town in california and perry , della and paul would wind up in a small town courthouse defending an accused murderer arrested by the local sheriff and being charged by a local prosecutor rather than the d.a. of los angeles county .
the commander of the muslim garrison was ali , a " famous infidel chieftain [ and ] notorious murderer of christians " in the trans - sierra .
the scene changes to a luxury car dealership , where the murderer works and we learn that her name is sun - jong ( played by uhm jung - hwa ) .
the time machine was an invention of her father ; along with his daughter , his assistant and the man who shot monya ( a convicted murderer ) , he spent his days as one of the last surviving humans aboard a scientific space station .
in 2006 , stone wrote and executive produced the made - for - tv movie " a little thing called murder " , starring judy davis , based on the story of murderer sante kimes .
the association of the shower scene music with birds also telegraphs to the audience that it is norman , the stuffed - bird collector , who is the murderer rather than his mother .
then , under the argonese domination , followed the gesualdo family ( 1561 ) ; amongst their member was the famous prince , musician and murderer carlo gesualdo .
kenneth allen ( born october 17 , 1942 ) is the convicted murderer of chicago police officers william bosak and roger van schaik .
his mother was anne , the daughter of sir james tyrrell , the supposed murderer of the princes in the tower .
however , his opinion of her seems to change favorably when wolf betrays her client , a murderer named albert chung .
in 1998 , the times won its sixth pulitzer prize , with french winning the prize for feature felch writing for his piece “ angels and demons ” , which detailed the story of the murders of jo , michelle and christe rogers and the eventual capture of the murderer oba chandler .
the father of a murderer is the last narrative written by german author alfred andersch .
dexter narrates that he is not sure why he is a murderer , and talks about his adoptive parents , harry and doris morgan , both of whom are dead .
the vile murderer runs off laughing , just as the " red rat " attendants find lucy 's stabbed form and carry her out on a stretcher .
strangely enough , despite his reputation as a worldwide feared mercenary and murderer , sanguine appears remarkably inept at his profession , he has never actually killed someone in the course of the books , and appears to only offer a physical threat to the surprised , the helpless and those without combat training , and is mainly used as a mode of transportation rather than a fighter by his employers .
commenting on the relative importance of the diverse source material for the movie , wooley said , " in the end it was n't so much the books , it was talking to both anna about the state of brian 's mind that night , and janet ( a nurse who was present at brian jones ' home on the day he died ) , about frank 's ( the alleged murderer of jones ) state of mind that night - his instability and the fact he just been fired that day without being properly paid - that confirmed in my mind there was a movie here . "
crittenden tried to blunt these charges by introducing a resolution condemning sharp 's murder and offering $ 3,000 for the murderer 's capture .
" maxwell the magic cat " was a comic strip written and drawn by alan moore under the pseudonym curt vile ( a pun on the name of composer kurt weill ) , with a friend steve moore under the pseudonym ' jill de ray ' ( in parody of gilles de rais , a french murderer ) .
one armed pete ” , a legendary axe - murderer ( and it turns out , duke ’s uncle ) .
authors stewart evans and paul gainey speculated in their 1996 book " jack the ripper : first american serial killer " that tumblety lived in whitechapel in london during the infamous 1888 whitechapel murders that were blamed on jack the ripper , and even that tumblety was the murderer .
the murderer does turn out to be quite mad , but not in a way that anyone was expecting when they threw the term around earlier in the novel .
henry keogh is an australian murderer .
her real murderer was commander lindsey .
with the suspects gathered together , the detective would dramatically announce that " the killer is in this very room ! " before going over the various clues that revealed the identity of the murderer .
candy brought up nicole 's brother sam owen and his conviction for arson calling him a " kiddy murderer " .
none of the 65 executions that had taken place after " enmund " were carried out on a felony murderer who had not killed or intended to kill .
the subjects of his true crime books include convicted child rapist and school teacher mary kay letourneau , product tampering killer stella nickell , fasting specialist linda burfield hazzard , and former amishman and convicted murderer eli stutzman .
