the last quarter - final was somewhat unspectacular though steady ; neither peter manley nor alan tabern could muster a 90 + average though manley included checkouts of 161 , 120 , and 118 in his 11 - 8 win over barneveld 's conqueror .
in his petitions to the board of trade and plantations for the settlement of nova scotia plantations , for instance , oswald demonstrated his ability to put together those who were seeking profit , and who could pass muster with the king .
bob is unable to muster any reply at all when phil quietly explains how he sees no difference at all between bob 's preaching and larry 's fast - talking .
however it was essential to muster the cattle in autumn before colder weather , and even snowfalls , drove them down into the gorges .
baptismal records and a naval muster roll appear to link equiano to south carolina .
lundgren while managing to have some big wins over ivan lendl , mats wilander , michael chang , jim courier , thomas muster and pete sampras , was not able to achieve consistency and he said himself that " i was a little up and down .
thomas muster won his 3rd title of the year , and 23rd of his career .
bob , on drinking alcoholic beverages on airplanes : " i 'm one of those passengers who arrives at the airport five or six hours early so i can throw back a few drinks and muster up the courage to board the plane .
pete sampras def . thomas muster , 6–3 , 6–4
muster rolls for groups # 1 and 4 are in the records of the bureau of indian affairs and # 2 in records of the army continental commands ( eastern division , gen. winfield scott 's papers ) in the national archives .
it falls in october at the end of the south - west rains , and was particularly convenient for a general muster and review of his troops previous to their taking the field .
the dangers he faces will challenge his strength , his knowledge , his wits and everything that he can muster to protect his son danny from the living dead , who are winning the war against the living .
it seems that the thespians volunteered to remain as a simple act of self - sacrifice , all the more amazing since their contingent represented every single hoplite the city could muster .
his name again appears in a military muster in 1363 .
together , the four travelled to edoras , where gandalf freed théoden from saruman 's enchantment and helped him muster the rohirrim against saruman .
the party was able to muster some success in making alliances with other left elements inside the congress party , amongst them jawaharlal nehru .
in september , 1861 captain william piney and 14 members of the " olentangy reserves " muster into company e of thomas worthington jr. 's 46th ohio volunteer infantry regiment , which trains at camp lyon on the old worthington manufacturing co. site southwest of the village .
at large protracted incidents a command unit ( cu ) is normally deployed to the scene as a muster point and communication centre for senior commanders to monitor and co - ordinate resources .
this is the main thesis of socrates in the " republic " , that the most wisdom the masses can muster is the wise choice of a ruler .
the 100th fought valiantly , suffering many casualties ; by february 1944 , it could muster only 521 men .
on election day it was said that 250 motor cars , mostly owned by conservative backers of the coalition , were brought out for the purpose of ferrying voters to the polling stations and this was a significant factor whereas independent liberals could muster only 50 cars in response .
due mostly to more efficient training , the " luftwaffe " could muster a larger number ( 1,450 ) of more experienced fighter pilots .
peter estimated that while most tribes could muster about 2,000 cavalry , samland could raise 4,000 cavalry and 40,000 infantry , while sudovia had 6,000 cavalry and " an almost innumerable multitude of other warriors " .
' as one see it , your main task will be to get discussion going about many aspects of british and french life , to muster support for these discussions from those that count , and to do your best to see that governments and other bodies take account of the conclusions reached .
although the alignment won 44 seats to likud 's 41 , it could not muster enough support from suitable smaller parties to form a government ( the next largest party had only five seats , and two of the small left - wing parties , hadash and the progressive list for peace were not viewed as potential coalition partners due to their radical left - wing views ) .
the muster is held over six days and nights in the amamoor forest reserve .
he told kesselring that the only planes available were his junkers ju-88 a4 bombers , and he might be able to muster 150 such planes for the raid ; in the event , only 105 ju-88s were available .
dave dickenson had some success moving the ball for bc , but the lions could only muster a 36-yard field goal by duncan o'mahony .
to cover this breakout , kimura ordered honda 's thirty - third army to mount a diversionary offensive across the sittang , although the entire army could muster the strength of barely a regiment .
a thessalian delegation suggested that the allies could muster in the narrow vale of tempe , on the borders of thessaly , and thereby block xerxes 's advance .
the danes could muster only one victory which came in doubles and largely from the efforts of kobbero 's partner jorgen hammergaard hansen whose powerful smash lived up to his name .
finally , the muster includes a widow 's man , rated able seaman , but in fact merely an accounting fiction .
this gives him the strength to overcome satan , though with more pyrotechnics than most of us can muster .
in 23 overs , he took six for 57 , including the entire warwickshire middle order from three to six - only westwood passed 25 , and warwickshire could only muster 133 .
the group continued training , and in 1850 finally put its training to use at the regiment 's annual muster .
opening the batting once more , with eileen hurly this time , cairncross fell for 17 as her side could only muster 147 runs , rescued by 68 from yvonne van mentz .
when he rose , he found the lands of nehekhara defended by jealous undead kings with armies of skeletons equal to anything he could muster .
recordings that pass muster are added to a large playlist that is constantly updated , and on - air djs use the list for about 60% of the music played while choosing the rest on their own .
the sun devil offense only went 1 - 13 on 3rd down conversions , and could only muster 213 total yards .
during the civil war the fairgrounds were converted to become camp noble and used as a muster point for the area 's regiments .
however , ever since the guinness book of records became involved , starting from 2 october 1999 , where the " deniliquin ute muster " broke the record for " the largest parade of legally registered utes in the world " , each year new records are broken .
rather than risk the republic 's army defending open country in earlier battles , general riquelme had yielded ground constantly , allowing him to conserve his forces and muster over 10,000 men at talavera .
boocock , younghusband and boothroyd were all slightly down in the averages from 1967 , but were still as effective a heat leader trio as most teams could muster .
forrest lined the streets of town with as many confederate soldiers as he could muster , giving the union commander the impression that he was desperately outnumbered .
for these achievements , muster was named the atp tour 's " comeback player of the year . "
when brown was able to muster an attack , hernandez was able to quickly move from trouble , but brown did manage to catch the american with a left jab before she could maneuver away from brown late in the seventh .
these events differ in format in each muster but most follow basic structure .
later , tyrol calls his deck crew to muster when starbuck arrives and demands to know why seelix is 20 minutes late for her first day of pilot training .
the phrase " three quarks for muster mark " in joyce 's " finnegans wake " is often called the source of the physicists ' word " quark " , the name of one of the main kinds of elementary particles , proposed by the physicist murray gell - mann .
the surviving enemy tank states indicate that from the 28th to the 31st the two german divisions found it difficult to muster 100 tanks in running order between them , while littorio had between 30 and 40 .
although no accurate muster rolls were kept , historian stephen hardin estimated that the texian ranks swelled to 125 men .
other events include a parade on the friday evening ; a one - mile fun run ( for children aged twelve and under ) and a five - mile road race ( ages thirteen and over ; both on saturday morning ) ; a canoe and kayak race ( saturday morning ) ; a firefighters ' muster ( saturday afternoon ) ; clam - shucking contests ( saturday afternoon ) ; a fireworks display ( saturday evening ) ; and a professional bicycle - race ( sunday morning ) .
although martialis may not have disposed of sufficient influence to elevate aelianus directly to the centurionate or the command of cohort of auxiliary infantry it is not unreasonable to suppose that he was at least able to ensure that his son was entered on the " legio ii " muster roll as an " immunis " –
both factions claimed authority , but the republicans were too few in number to muster a quorum .
despite willis ' hall of fame performance on the mound during those three seasons , the boston offense could only muster a combined.238 batting average over those seasons ; without a viable offense , willis could not achieve wins .
the threat prompted some landlords to sell off at least a portion of their holdings ; the main beneficiaries were peasants who could muster sufficient resources to purchase land .
monthly muster rolls and " pay abstract " were directed to be prepared .
what remained of durin 's folk could not alone muster a force strong enough to enter moria .
well known projects are " the muster " and " notion nanny " which engage the public in a dialogue about social activism , crafts and identity .
the fort was also used to organize and muster troops from the first state .
according to costello , " it became necessary for me to outrage these people with about the most obnoxious and offensive remarks that i could muster . "
after organization and muster , the regiment moved north into kentucky to occupy bowling green .
he contributed 3 - 8 of blackrock 's tally of 4 - 8 , while the east cork divisional side could only muster 2 - 7 .
however , because of delays caused by flooding , plus earlier contacts with the enemy , forrest could only muster less than 2,000 men , many of whom were not veterans but poorly trained militia consisting of old men and young boys .
annually every august or september , the community holds the burnsville fire muster .
the presidents of the transvaal and orange free state simply signed decrees to concentrate within a week and the commandos could muster between 30 - 40,000 men .
neither team moved the ball well in the second half , only able to muster an fg apiece .
that would be all the vikes could muster as brady threw his final two touchdowns to wr 's troy brown and chad jackson respectively to close out the scoring .
according to " historia norwegiæ " , it would have been his wife ’s native country and hence a power base where he might have expected to muster some support , but the text makes no such claims .
he could only muster 5 small cannons and about 150 men .
by expanding their military operations and negotiating with the nomads , the muslims had created an alliance with greater resources than mecca , alone , could muster .
to do this they ordered every city and town to hold a muster of fighting men on one day in the year and to send the figures in to the commission of arraye .
muster .
it was not widely used for broadcast television , since it did not meet federal communications commission specifications ( at the time ) for broadcastable videotape formats ( the only format passing the fcc 's muster at the time was the then - industry - standard 2 inch quadruplex ) .
björn borg , john mcenroe , mats wilander , stefan edberg , boris becker , jim courier , pete sampras , thomas muster , marcelo rios , yevgeny kafelnikov , patrick rafter have all participated , with the only # 1-ranked players not to participate , to date , being ilie nastase , john newcombe , jimmy connors , ivan lendl , andre agassi , carlos moya , marat safin , gustavo kuerten , lleyton hewitt , juan carlos ferrero , andy roddick , roger federer , and rafael nadal
interior styling in the " special " was state of the art for its time , and indeed would pass muster against today 's computer - designed automobiles .
vajpayee was invited by president shankar dayal sharma to form a government , but after 13 days in office , proved unable to muster a governing majority and resigned .
yet the labor movement had demonstrated that it could not muster solidarity among its disparate elements , and the citizens ' alliance began a blacklist procedure which was under - appreciated by organized labor .
the new zealand huntaway uses its loud , deep bark to muster mobs of sheep .
muster ( livestock ) .
claudia can not muster the courage to read beyond the note accompanying the diary , and so sets the book aside .
the muster took place to music written by bruce rowland , who composed a special olympics version of the main theme for the 1982 movie " the man from snowy river " .
each battalion could not muster 52 infantry tanks , 11 light tanks , six close support tanks , six anti - aircraft tanks , two observation tanks , 38 officers and 670 other ranks .
every year on the third saturday in july , deep river hosts the deep river ancient muster .
the tenterfield country muster is an annual celebration of independent country music near the historic federation town of tenterfield .
realising that they could not muster a fighting - force that could match the colonial army , and after having voiced their opposition to becoming either subjects to the crown in the cape colony or servants in the free state , they were forcibly removed into exile in 1863 .
however he never saw combat and returned home to muster out in august 1848 .
these taxes did at least support a respected army ; hasan was successful in putting down christian revolts in his lands , and some observers estimated he could muster as many as 7,000 horsemen .
by its second month of release , the film had yet to muster $ 30 million usd in domestic earnings .
in march 1776 , he retreated along with the british troops to halifax , and by july had been appointed muster master general for the loyalist forces .
a strong counter - campaign from the leadership helped stop the proposal of william zeliff ( r - nh ) and rob andrews ( d - nj ) of " a - z spending cuts , " for example ; the proposal received 204 signatures , but could not muster the last 14 .
cline writes that this " jungle - horror - mystery - sea - story " includes all of the " cliffhanging tricks republic could muster . "
elizabethton is also the historical site both of the first independent american government settlement located west of both the eastern continental divide and the original thirteen british colonies known as the watauga association ( 1772 ) , the historical site of the transylvania purchase ( 1775 ) , and a major historic muster site for the battle of kings mountain ( 1780 ) .
at twelve o'clock the infantry regiment , artillery and cavalry corps began to muster and assume marching order .
john lewis macdonald ( february 22 , 1838 – july 13 , 1903 ) was a representative from minnesota ; born in glasgow , scotland , february 22 , 1838 ; immigrated to nova scotia , canada , with his parents , who later , in 1847 , settled in pittsburgh , pennsylvania ; moved to minnesota in 1855 and settled in scott county ; studied law ; was admitted to the bar in 1859 and commenced practice at belle plaine , minnesota ; judge of the probate court of scott county in 1860 and 1861 ; during the civil war was commissioned to enlist and muster volunteers for the union army ; prosecuting attorney of scott county in 1863 and 1864 ; county superintendent of schools in 1865 and 1866 ; member of the minnesota house of representatives in 1869 and 1870 ; served in the minnesota senate in 1871 and 1873 – 1876 ; unsuccessful democratic candidate for attorney general in 1872 ; mayor of shakopee in 1876 ; elected judge of the eighth judicial district of minnesota in 1876 for a term of seven years and reelected without opposition in 1883 ; resigned in the fall of 1886 , having been elected to congress ; elected as a democrat to the 50th congress ( march 4 , 1887 – march 3 , 1889 ) ; unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1888 to the 51st congress ; engaged in the practice of his profession in saint paul , minnesota ; moved to kansas city , missouri , in 1898 and continued the practice of law until his death from injuries received in a streetcar accident july 13 , 1903 .
the definition of " clay - court specialist " has varied , with some placing players such as thomas muster , sergi bruguera , gustavo kuerten , and juan carlos ferrero in that category , even though these players have won tournaments ( including masters series events ) on other surfaces .
growing into that typically awkward teen period , he was forced to subsist on whatever episodic roles he could muster up , including bits on " wagon train " ( 1957 ) , " rawhide " ( 1959 ) , " the twilight zone " ( 1962 ) , " the fugitive " ( 1963 ) , " family affair " ( 1966 ) and " my three sons " ( 1966 ) .
the a 's avoided a shutout in the top of the ninth , when rubén sierra tripled and scored on a single by baines , but that was all they could muster against toronto closer tom henke .
parthiva sureshwaren will muster start from the back of the grid because he did n't take part of the qualifying sessions .
during the morning muster several officers report that a total of 11 cadets have climbed over the walls in the night to return home .
albeit still a significant element of the political spectrum , hss could not muster more than a minority of votes .
he had several positions in the continental army including muster - master general , secretary and aide to general george washington , quartermaster general , commander of the fourth continental light dragoons and commander of the cavalry of the continental army .
legislation resulted in the first muster in 1985 when it was re - activated under the command of brigadier general john gillette .
the volunteers scored two touchdowns in the first quarter and three in the second , while virginia tech was able to muster a lone touchdown and field goal in the second quarter .
he was joined by other patriots such as robert wishart bishop of glasgow , sir andrew moray and the morays of bothwell , with a contingent of douglases at the national muster at irvine , north ayrshire .
for their third project together , thomas held a meeting with the group and pleaded that they all concentrate on making the best record they could muster .
thomas muster defeated sergi bruguera 7–6 ( 8–6 ) , 6–3 , 6–1
however , unable to muster enough resolve to patch up things with clark , lana leaves before giving him her condolences .
" collections of the new york historical society : muster and pay rolls of the war of the revolution , 1775 - 1783 " .
lancashire could only muster a total of 195 for 9 , and defending that target quickly became difficult ash gayle slashed eight fours and a six on his way to a 41-ball 53 .
the campaign after that , a 3rd placed finish was all they could muster , and the very brief glory days were all but over .
port hacking began when a group of lifesavers from cronulla , north cronulla and wanda clubs tried to enter a junior league competition but were rejected because they could only muster one team .
this treaty virtually guaranteed a commitment on bismarck 's side to muster up a war with austria within these 3 months in order to ensure austria 's full strength would not be attacking prussia .
an early friendship with author thomas head raddall led to gray 's pen - and ink illustrations in raddall 's " a muster of arms " ; gray also painted a wartime scene of duncan 's cove , nova scotia for the book 's dust jacket .
he played an important role in the defence organisation of somerset , the substantial growth of which is shown by the muster in 1580 being 12,000 able footmen , double the total twenty years earlier .
hovind stated that he did not recognize the government 's right to try him on tax - fraud charges , and initially attempted to enter a plea of " subornation of false muster , " but then entered a not guilty plea " under duress " when the judge offered to enter a plea for him .
the yeomanry managed to muster around forty men , led by the brigade major , for the bayonet charge , and retook some of the trenches formerly held by b squadron and the life guards - those held by c squadron had collapsed under heavy fire .
after the summit series of 1972 and 1974 , the nhl and nhlpa decided to broaden the scope of the competition , inviting to the tournament a number of hockey countries and allowing each invited country to send the best possible team they could muster .
in the provincial assemblies , it won 14 seats in the nwfp assembly , but could only muster 2 seats in the 371-seat punjab assembly .
scouting for the mets , the best report he could muster for any current player was " looks like a major - leaguer . "
the title sequence that used that piece was also familiar with the principal characters responding to a muster signal , grabbing their weapons and proceeding in lockstep to their specially - equipped transport van driven by " sam , " an uncredited , non - speaking role .
lancashire could only muster a total of 195 for 9 , and defending that target quickly became difficult ash gayle slashed eight fours and a six on his way to a 41-ball 53 .
their first port of call was zimbabwe , visiting for the first time since the 2003 world cup political concerns and despite being minnows strauss could not muster even a half century in the 4 - 0 series win .
jim ross noted on the broadcast of the 1989 chi - town rumble which muster attended that he would wear a ric flair t - shirt underneath his jersey while playing .
selectees were ordered to muster in their dungaree uniforms with the " dixie cup " sailor 's hat .
grenville tried to use " cornish particularist sentiment " to muster support for the royalist cause and put a plan to the prince which would , if implemented , have created a semi - independent cornwall .
mayo could only muster one goal in the second period of play as kerry triumphed by 2 - 7 to 2 - 4 .
the beefsteak tomato was originally invented & cultivated by johann heinrich muster at his marathon ny farm .
in addition , the college received nationwide exposure during the war when a reporter wrote a widely distributed story about the aggie muster on the island of corregidor .
with the police , an assassin , and a jealous ex - boyfriend to run from , he discovers that he 'll need all the ingenuity he can muster to survive .
however , along with the rest of the team aside from trescothick he failed to muster a decent total in the final allowing west indies to take the trophy .
opponents of the oath in the house were unable to muster the two - thirds majority required to override hurley 's veto , which was sustained by a vote of 101 - 100 .
the daily rountine consisted of 6:00 early morning exercise 7:00 muster , 8:00 - 10:00 project groups , 10:00 - 12:00 , mess followed by lectures and afternoon sports , group projects 5:00 - 6:30 pm and rest at 10:00 pm .
first muster .
in august 1861 , the 4th new jersey volunteer infantry was recruited and added to the first new jersey brigade after its muster into service .
public supporters of the party also include sportsmen miran pavlin , aleš čeh , sebastjan cimirotič , katja koren , and davo karničar , pop singer marta zore , designer miki muster , actors radko polič and roman končar , actor and showman jernej kuntner .
after jacksonville muffed a handoff and punted , the giants had the ball at the jacksonville 30 but could only muster a field goal .
in 1756 , rogers arrived in portsmouth , new hampshire and , using the authority invested in him by colonel winslow , began to muster soldiers for the british crown .
muster first came to prominence when he reached the final of the french open junior tournament and the orange bowl juniors tournament in 1985 .
seattle tried to rally , but could only muster up hasslebeck 's 4-yard touchdown pass to fullback justin griffith .
co h would be consolidated with co e in july , and was the last of the former washington regiment to muster out of service in december .
he had travelled extensively in europe , egypt and the east , and is stated to have done " special literary work " during world war i. his familiarity with the subjects of the stories in his " an anzac muster " , privately printed in 1921 , suggests that he had personal experience at the front , but there appears to be no evidence to show that he belonged to any of the fighting forces .
a further tribute to the stockman derives from the fact that for a number of years the promotions of the sydney royal easter show have referred to it as " the great australian muster " .
in 1919 the afghan regular army was not a very formidable force , and was only able to muster some 50,000 men .
sea warrior 's aim is to more efficiently muster the right number of sailors with the right skills and seniority at each ship , squadron , and duty station , thereby enhancing the joint warfighting effectiveness of the entire navy .
the regiment began to muster until fully assembled between may 10 and may 17 , with colonel charles w. abbot jr , commanding .
the singles line up was headlined by association of tennis professionals ( atp ) no . 3 , australian open runner - up , philadelphia and memphis winner ivan lendl , reigning rome champion , atp comeback player of the year thomas muster , and estoril titlist emilio sanchez .
in 10.4 overs , zimbabwe could only muster 26 runs , and lost a total of eight wickets to crash to 43 for 9 .
despite this , the bulls could only muster a 40–42 win – loss record , which was good enough to qualify them for the playoffs .
on february 4 , 2004 , the sjc followed that ruling with a statement saying that allegedly separate but equal civil unions , implemented as of late in vermont , would not pass constitutional muster and that only full gay marriage rights met constitutional guarantees .
the british national archives holds ships paybooks and muster lists for the galley arbuthnot dating from 1780 to 1786 .
on september 5 , the 14th infantry received orders to muster out on corner of eighth avenue and fifteenth street , brooklyn at the armory .
he passed himself off in mecca as a pilgrim from bombay or , when this would not have passed muster , as a resident of a country called " north " .
a province in the 16th century could muster some thousand timariots , according to the size of the province .
this was because flaithbertach had fallen from his horse at the muster , an event which was taken to be an ill - omen .
but most musicians today would judge that the process should begin with the most faithful version of the composer 's intent that scholarship can muster .
the davis family was one of the original african american families of sierra leone , thus part of the sierra - leone krio population ; and they are mentioned in the book of negroes and also in the muster list of birchtown blacks .
she now becomes the victim of his brutal greed , and yul needs all the help he can muster .
certainly there are some applications of the ordinance which pass constitutional muster .
gen. john a. mcclernand , a war democratic politician , managed to convince president lincoln that he could muster an army to take the fortress city .
in the third quarter the als could muster only a single rouge on a missed field goal .
over its existence , the regiment carried a total of 53 men on its muster rolls .
fifty - eight of the remaining 78 soldiers were from the initial muster at the beginning of the war .
local parishes were required to muster their men .
this time though the serb did muster some kind of a fight and she broke back two games later .
the signal alerts passengers of an emergency so that they will begin proper procedures in which all persons collect their life jackets and proceed to their assigned muster stations .
thomas muster .
for the east london mosque it was a momentous display of support , confidence and legitimacy they have enjoyed from the local community , which very few mosques or community centres can muster from its local populace .
the name was coined by gell - mann and is a reference to the novel " finnegans wake " , by james joyce ( " three quarks for muster mark ! " - book 2 , episode 4 ) .
as a result of trying to muster as much emotion as possible , grohl broke down during the recording of the vocal take which ended up being used in the final mix .
the jays ' designated hitter added a two - run homer in the seventh that finally chased mcdowell , and the chicago batters could muster nothing more against toronto 's bullpen as the jays took the game 7–3 and a 1–0 lead in the series .
russian commander boriatyński in kiev was able to muster only about 5,000-strong army , but retreated to kiev having learned that polish reinforcements ( numbering about few thousands and led by stefan czarniecki and jakub potocki ) were approaching .
when the war ended with the japanese surrender in 1945 , only 600 personnel of the malay navy reported for muster .
although the warriors continued this impressive home form , with wins over cardiff in the league and both viadana and biarittz in the heineken cup , they could muster nothing away from home .
from 1185 on , byzantine emperors found it increasingly difficult to muster and pay for sufficient military forces , while their incompetence exposed the limitations of the entire byzantine military system , dependent as it was on competent personal direction from the emperor .
despite a low - flying airplane during her compulsory routine she was able to muster the focus to place first entering the free skate .
just as in the previous colonial wars their existence began with the n. j. assembly ordering the muster of 500 men to respond to the larger war looming on the new york frontier .
with the x corps making headway through the northern mountains , the xxiv corps struggled to muster forces around baybay for the northern drive up the western ormoc valley coast .
montreal took a 14 - 13 lead after damon duval added a punt single , but that was all the offence that montreal was able to muster in the second half of the game .
baxter hall drummed for the first " muster " of the american revolution ..
besides also revise management of artists such as tommy cash , marshall x blues band , micke muster - swedish rock ' n ' roller , booking agency of artists in various genres e.g. little franky and the townbeats , matchbox , jean vincent , razzle dazzle , johnny and the jailbirds , charlie gracie , rock back the clock , red hot rockin ' , michael t. clayton & the tallahassee tornados , marc robinson , ray campi , the strollers , garcia orchestra , blues sonic , joe sun , brent moyer , lewis niderman & band , frank baum among others .
in 1995 , muster won 12 tournament finals in 14 attempts .
dartmouth head coach buddy teevens was hired to turn the program around , but he too failed to muster a winning season during his tenure at tulane and was fired following the 1996 season .
under the best conditions , an ottoman commander - in - chief would be able to muster hundreds of thousands of soldiers and lead an excursion into austria or iran , whichever posed the greatest threat , capturing or extorting sufficient lands or monies to cover the expenses of the next campaign in the process .
the town also hosts a range of arts festivals and craft markets , as well as a triennial tractor muster .
the a 's avoided a shutout in the top of the ninth , when rubén sierra tripled and scored on a single by baines , but that was all they could muster against toronto closer tom henke .
kerry could only muster three points as cork secured a 1 - 16 to 1 - 11 victory .
by the end of the year the " dirlewanger " could muster only 259 men .
the muster .
i set my heart on it and strove for it with all the energy i could muster .
gates returned to texas a&m on april 21 , 2009 , as the speaker at of annual aggie muster ceremony .
muster prepped at san marin high school in novato , ca , graduating in 1983 .
for his new venture to re - muster the highland army and to get money , he met several important clansmen amongst them clanranald , his brother macdonald of boisdale , and donald campbell , who all offered their help .
the 1942 season proved disappointing ; the beavers could only muster a 4 - 5 - 1 season .
this campus muster is dedicated to the fifty - year reunion class of that year , demonstrating unity among aggies .
over its existence , the battery carried a total of 261 men on its muster rolls .
the men singles was headlined by atp no . 1 , memphis , san jose titlist indian wells defending champion and 1994 winner pete sampras , mexico champion , 1995 french open runner - up , doha semi - finalist thomas muster and san jose runner - up , u.s. open defending champion 1990 indian wells winner andre agassi .
it was used to muster troops during the restoration , when king charles ii re - established the english monarchy , and as a venue for the sale of pigs .
as with their batting australia could muster a strong and varied bowling attack ; garth mckenzie ( 29.78 ) , denis lillee ( 23.92 ) , alan connolly ( 29.22 ) , ashley mallett ( 29.84 ) , john gleeson ( 36.20 ) and terry jenner ( 31.20 ) with all - rounders doug walters ( 29.08 ) , kerry o'keeffe ( 38.20 ) and greg chappell ( 40.70 ) .
in fact the tweddles themselves were probably reivers for robert and hobbe tweddle appeared in typical reiver dress at a 1581 muster .
" country hq " showcases new talent on the rise in the country music scene downunder . grabine state park in new south wales promotes australian country music through the grabine music muster festival .
the tunes by debutant deepak dev passes muster .
his revoking of such rights to field independent forces effectively severed their ability to muster large - scale revolts , and drastically increased the number of men employed in the national military .
thomas muster won his 7th title of the year and 30th of his career .
over its existence , the battery carried a total of 333 men on its muster rolls .
the british needed all the forces they could muster closer to home and , thus , coerced the alþingi into agreeing to an american occupation force .
this would be all the yankees could muster off hershiser , whose postseason legend continued to improve .
when the senate could not muster a two - thirds vote to pass a treaty of annexation with texas , calhoun devised a joint resolution of the houses of congress , requiring only a simple majority ; texas joined the union .
senior stacey nelson lost her second 1 - 0 game of the season as her teammates could not muster enough hits against washington ’s ace danielle lawrie .
in april , 1611 king christian iv declared war on sweden . jens bjelke and sten bille , then governor of trondelag , were directed to assemble 2,000 men and muster them in jämtland .
it needed all the ability and goodness father stefan could muster in order to manage the place efficiently .
coleman was so weak and in such immobilizing and debilitating pain , he could n't muster the strength to lift his left arm or move any part of that side of his body for four months , let alone hold a stick in his hand .
a jewish survivor of jasenovac , egon berger , has described filipović ’s sadistic killing of children , while two other witnesses , šimo klaić and dragutin škrgatić : klaić recalls that in christmas 1942 , miroslav ordered mass and later a muster , where he killed four inmates with a knife , while forcing a jew of sarajevo , alkalaj , to sing , then ordering alkalaj to near him , stabbing him in the chest and slashing his throat .
the ggp could muster some votes in tribal areas , but drew blank .
on the first day of a cruise shortly after passengers have embarked and before the ship has left the port of departure , the crew will conduct a mandatory muster drill in which the general emergency signal is sounded .
in 1939 the swiss military could muster 430,000 troops , approximately 20% of the work force .
thomas muster def . jiri novak , 7 - 6(3 ) 6 - 2
in order for federal agency regulation of broadcast media to pass constitutional muster , it need only serve an important state interest and need not narrowly tailor its regulation to the least restrictive means .
when we were first thrown on shore we could only muster seventy - five musket ball cartridges — we now have sixteen hundred .
thomas muster def . roberto jabali , 6 - 3 , 6 - 1
thomas muster defeated guillermo perez - roldan 6 - 1 , 6 - 7 , 6 - 2
the same year he was appointed muster - master - general of the royal military forces in the kingdom of ireland .
the eagles tried to get a comeback , but could only muster up a 52-yard field goal from akers .
when either offense could muster any momentum , they were often let down by their kicker - ou 's tim duncan missed two field goals and ut 's dusty mangum had one blocked .
southern bishops repeatedly tried to muster the funds and workforce and funds to render an effective ministry to african americans , but their extreme poverty crippled most of the efforts they made .
he reports , for example , that even when ill , james maintained his interest in country sports : " he is so desirous to see certain hawks fly , that he would not be stayed " ; if he could not hunt , he would have his deer " brought to make a muster before him " .
they were 50 men under first lieutenant james gorman , who were going to muster into civil war service but went to ridgely with harper 's rifles and three rounds of ammunition each .
air cover for the french army ’s “ mobile groups ” led by de lattre was provided by two fighter groups , namely iii/6 " roussillon " and i/9 " limousin " , " which were able to muster about forty p-63s , and these were reinforced by eight f6fs lent from ii/6 " normandie niemen " and i/6 " corse " .
doug did n’t suffer fools gladly , nor could he muster up sympathy for those who would willfully and deliberately mislead and misrepresent .
tadzikowy muster .
theodore was able to muster support for the celebrations , which continued throughout the year .
in the end , the democrats were able to muster a majority to table the bill , so neither aldrich 's proposed point of order nor his proposed appeal was ever actually moved .
in thomas muster 's debut as davis cup captain , koubek was instrumental in preserving austria 's status in the world group , winning both singles matches over tim henman and greg rusedski .
thomas muster was the defending champion but he did not compete that year .
in their second innings , the tourists could only muster 159 as they went down by a mammoth innings and 261 runs .
through their work , the women help one another discover their strength and muster up the courage to stand up to the men in their lives .
after lunch , the man has to report again to the guardroom for inspection , and is then assigned some kind of unpleasant work until shortly before he must attend the afternoon 's muster parade .
pete sampras def . thomas muster , 7 - 6(7 ) , 6 - 1
an uprising in kent started 10 days prematurely , alerting richard to muster the royal army and take steps to put down the insurrections .
back in new york for game 3 , cicotte again threw a complete game , but the white sox could not muster a single run against giants starter rube bensen and lost 2–0 .
mister muster series .
his accounts for the plymouth muster for the 1375 breton campaign survive .
during 2009 the wildes appeared on the main stage at the gympie muster and performed with artists outside the country genre including gin wigmore and the basics .
alice was shy , trying to ask the editors about them more than telling about herself ; steph h managed to ramble on with interjections of " like " everywhere " ; anika kept the dialogue going in a friendly manner but was somewhat nervous ; jordan could n't muster enough conversation between the fashion experts , especially with inez garcia where most of the minute was spent in silence .
as william and " george " recover , the war also ends , and they march with their compatriots to the seaboard where they ship off to new orleans and then to new york to muster out .
though obsolete by the 17th century , the system was revived by charles i in 1642 ( in opposition to the 1641 militia ordinance that gave parliament control of raising troops ) in order to muster a royalist army at the onset of the english civil war .
in their second innings , the tourists could only muster 159 as they went down by a mammoth innings and 261 runs .
in the " muster phase " players take turns placing unit or equipment cards on the table .
horst skoff defeated thomas muster 4–6 , 6–3 , 6–4 , 6–2
she used seiðr ( witchcraft ) to hide the great muster from hrólfr and his champions .
gore had argued for a new recount that would pass constitutional muster , but the court instead chose to end the election , asserting that “ the florida supreme court has said that the florida legislature intended to obtain the safe - harbor benefits of 3 u. s. c. § 5 . ”
ivan lendl defeated thomas muster by walkover
walsingham was famous and its fall symbolic : bishop latimer wrote of the image of our lady"she hath been the devil 's instrument , i fear , to bring many to eternal fire ; now she herself with her older sister of walsingham , her younger sister of ipswich , and their two sisters of doncaster and penrhys will make a jolly muster in smithfield .
" this remembrance occurs annually on april 21 as aggies observe muster , a solemn event to honor current and former students who died during the previous year .
muster on the maumee ( father 's day weekend ) is a timeline event held at the fort and includes everything from ancient roman soldiers to the modern era soldier .
