during the 1610 - 1611 expedition in the canadian arctic , the crew of the discovery mutinied , and set their captain henry hudson adrift in a small boat ; he was not seen from again , and the crew returned to england .
after the bounty departed from tahiti in 1789 several sailors and officers including fletcher christian mutinied against its
as a garrison for the communist afghan army , the city was under the command of dostum , who mutinied against najibullah 's regime in 1992 and established the autonomous administration of north afghanistan with the aid of massoud .
toward the end of november , some of these troops mutinied , returning to their homes in the caucasus .
in 1970 the coast guard mutinied .
after wintering in the james bay , hudson tried to press on with his voyage in the spring of 1611 , but his crew mutinied and they cast him adrift .
in october 1795 , the crew of the 74-gun hms " defiance " ( then commanded by captain sir george horne ) mutinied .
when on 13 august 1836 the soldiers on duty at the summer palace la granja mutinied and forced the regent to grant a constitution , it was generally , though wrongly , believed that they overcame her reluctance by seizing muñoz , whom they called her " guapo " , or fancy man , and threatening to shoot him .
however , grate and most of the crew mutinied at valparaiso in august 1853 , on the grounds that they believed the vessel was too small and unsuitable for the mission .
most recently it was used as a correctional facility for youth , when in 1985 it became mildly notorious when the inmates mutinied and briefly controlled the area ; one of the accommodation blocks caught on fire and is known as the burnt block .
late in the year , the soldiers of xuanwu circuit mutinied against their military governor li yuan ( 李愿 , li su 's brother ) , and li yuan was forced to flee .
de luna ordered the remainder of his force to march to the large native town of coca , but the men mutinied .
the ceylon garrison artillery on horsburgh island mutinied on the night of 8/9 may , intending to hand the islands over to the japanese .
on 15 june , the guards in the king 's mews mutinied .
as a result of the second battle of the aisne and the nivelle offensive , 35,000 french troops mutinied starting on april 17 .
the crew aboard " jaime i " murdered their officers , mutinied , and joined the republican navy .
that night , the soldiers mutinied , killed wei and several other staff member of zhang 's , and put zhang under arrest .
he is remembered as one of two officers who took control of the voulet - chanoine mission , which mutinied and rampaged through west africa in 1899 .
cocke 's men mutinied when they learned that jackson 's men only had three month enlistments .
they therefore mutinied .
( after zhang 's departure from yiwu , however , the yiwu soldiers mutinied against ren and put him under house arrest , although eventually another group of soldiers then countered their mutiny and restored ren , allowing yiwu to be in imperial hands from this point on . )
when they noticed that the sultan mahmud ii was forming a new army and hiring european gunners , they mutinied , and fought on the streets of the ottoman capitol demanding justice , but greatly outnumbered the sipahis constantly charged and forced to their barracks in istanbul and thessaloniki .
the " tampico " got underway again and headed straight for the " guerrero " , as she had when captain malpica mutinied from the squadron .
the crew of " santa rosa " had mutinied near chile 's coast and headed to hawaii , where the crew had attempted to sell the vessel to the hawaiian king .
in 1861 it was brought into the bengal army line as the 24th regiment of bengal native infantry , replacing the previous 24th which had mutinied in 1857 .
on 19 april 1919 , the crews of the battleships " jean bart " and " france " , mutinied .
will learns that when first mate barbossa and the crew mutinied and marooned sparrow , only bootstrap defended him .
in response to this , a portion of the trinidad defense force , led by raffique shah and rex lassalle mutinied and took hostages at the army barracks at teteron .
the colonies then mutinied against the federation : they took control of the major colony secilia , formed the secilia federation and defeated earth 's forces after many battles .
officers loyal to andonov - čento mutinied in the garrison stationed in skopje fortress , but the mutiny was suppressed by armed intervention .
soon other regiments in bulgaria and rumelia mutinied as did many of the anatolian soldiers sent in to end the rebellion .
this faction mutinied in 1895 , dividing the brigade and taking a large portion of its funding , encouraged by the shah ’s son who was minister of war .
the soldiers mutinied and killed shi xiancheng , and they supported he jintao to be their leader .
this calmed the public , but the promised 33% military wage hike was not substantial enough to pacify the army , which then mutinied , beginning in asmara and spreading throughout the empire .
she was at sea when other major warships of the atlantic fleet mutinied .
when general mustafa adrisi , amin 's vice president , was injured in a suspicious car accident , troops loyal to adrisi ( and other soldiers who were disgruntled for other reasons ) mutinied .
however , his crews , harassed and stripped of everything , mutinied and threatened their officers with death if the fleet did not return to the roads off brest .
an early attack , led by hetman jan karol chodkiewicz with 2,000 men , ended in defeat when the unpaid commonwealth army mutinied and compelled their leader to retreat through the heart of russia and back to smolensk .
seeking a speedy resolution to the insurrection , the south korean government sent 3,000 soldiers of the south korean 11th constabulary regiment to reinforce local police , but on april 29 several hundred soldiers mutinied , handing over large small - arms caches to the rebels .
in the ensuing battle at gure , atai was defeated , giocangga and his son were massacred by nikan wailan when li thought they had mutinied and left them behind .
upon learning of this , the men mutinied , and the embarkation orders were countermanded .
woodcock saw this as an opportunity to get back to her old - rarotonga friends adam gentry and parvati shallow and mutinied to the rarotonga tribe , and penner followed woodcock .
its military is formed from a number of edf ( earth defence force ) ships that mutinied against the hansa , and roamer vessels outfitted with weaponry .
however , most of the crew including his sailing master robert grate mutinied at valparaiso in august , claiming the vessel was too small for her mission .
during the course of the withdrawal , his army mutinied and a faction reinstated mas'ud 's brother mohammad to the throne .
" jean bart"s crew mutinied out of sympathy for the bolsheviks , but the mutiny was put down and she returned to the mediterranean in 1920 .
in 1850 some soldiers effectively mutinied by joining coloured rebellion in the eastern cape ; the regiment was subsequently reconstituted as mixed unit with both white and coloured members .
refusing to " bite the cartridge " was a turn of phrase used by the british in india of native indian soldiers ( sepoys ) who had mutinied in 1857 .
they are most notoriously recorded in tacitus ' " agricola " ( chapter 28 ) , where he recounts how a cohort drafted into the roman army mutinied whilst on campaign in northern britain ( presumably on the west coast ) with his father - in - law , the general gn .
on the 30th of november spanish and portuguese members of the crew , who had learned that the ship contained much treasure , mutinied , killing the captain and passengers .
they nearly mutinied so barnwell had to offer extra pay , and probably extra rum rations , to provide incentives for the men to go back out to cut more trees .
after 2 years in 1916 , mian gul abdul wadood cast ( gujar ) mutinied but was arrested .
the officers mutinied , political leaders mobilized against the regime , and an armed uprising broke out in the arab mountain .
the best - known was hms " bounty " , whose crew mutinied after leaving tahiti in 1789 .
on 20 july 1919 , like a number of other advisers subsequently , brown was murdered by his men when they mutinied and went over to the bolsheviks .
she participated in the pursuit of the mutinous battleship in june 1905 to odessa , but her crew mutinied themselves .
when romanos attempted to enforce some stricter discipline , a whole regiment of german mercenaries mutinied , which the emperor only managed to control with the greatest difficulty .
in fall 783 , jingyuan troops , then at chang'an to wait for deployment to the eastern battlefield , mutinied when emperor dezong did not give them sufficient rewards , forcing emperor dezong to flee to fengtian ( 奉天 , in modern xianyang , shaanxi ) .
corbet neglected to explain this to the crew and when he ordered them to sail for the cape they mutinied in the belief that their complaint had been ignored .
the next day , news arrived that zhu 's former subordinate li chulin ( 李楚琳 ) had mutinied , killed zhang , and taken over fengxiang .
some 200 central african republic soldiers mutinied in bangui in may 1996 , demanding back pay and the resignation of president ange - félix patassé .
however , due to political disagreement and bad treatment aboard , some of her crew mutinied , locked up the captain and his followers below deck , and sailed into greenock , scotland on 8 june 1796 .
in 793 , after the soldiers mutinied and expelled liu shining , han left xuanwu 's capital bian prefecture ( 汴州 ) and became an officer at another prefecture of xuanwu 's , song prefecture ( 宋州 , in modern shangqiu , henan ) .
the other " palomino " crew grow suspicious of the faceless drones ' humanlike behavior , and old b.o.b. ( bio - sanitation battalion ; voiced by slim pickens ) , a damaged earlier model robot similar to v.i.n.cent , explains that the faceless drones are in fact the former crew , who mutinied when reinhardt refused to return to earth , and have since been reprogrammed , a procedure similar to a lobotomy , to serve him .
a peasant soldier named li zicheng ( 1606 - 1645 ) mutinied with his fellow soldiers in western shaanxi in the early 1630s after the government failed to ship much - needed supplies there .
when the kokang and wa insurgent troops mutinied and toppled the communist leadership in 1989 , military intelligence chief khin nyunt found in lo a useful intermediary in quickly arranging cease - fire agreements and , in return , lo was given lucrative business opportunities and unofficial permission to run drugs with impunity along with the mutineers .
on 29 july , the japanese collaborationist east hopei army troops mutinied against the japanese in tungchow ( tongzhou ) , killing most of their japanese advisors and other civilians .
" in the later conflict against the french in navarre , an army even mutinied after being given only a month 's worth of pay when owed four months of back pay .
yugoslavia immediately disintegrated when the loyal to the serbian king and the croatian units , mutinied .
after wintering in the james bay , hudson tried to press on with his voyage in the spring of 1611 , but his crew mutinied and they cast him adrift .
although it has become widely speculated that woodcock switched tribes because she wanted to be reunited with adam gentry , a rarotonga tribe member and her romantic interest on the island , woodcock has stated that she mutinied because she " thought it was the right move at the time " .
the arrogance of swan and unruliness of his men soon spoiled their good relations with the local ruler , raja laut ; and when the captain decided to abandon the attempt on the galleon , his men mutinied .
soldiers at a military base in soanierana district , near antananarivo , mutinied on 8 march ; they objected to the use of force against the opposition .
eventually , murray mutinied against the captain and escaped across the ice with three others .
in 991 ce , mahinda ’s army mutinied with help from mercenaries from kerala .
in fall 783 , jingyuan soldiers , then at chang'an to be ready for deployment against the rebels in the east , mutinied when they were angry they did not get rewards .
aleksander józef lisowski became one of the leaders of the resulting konfederacja - a section of the army that mutinied and decided to gather its outstanding wages by pillaging local civilians , not caring whether these owed their allegiance to poland or to sweden .
however , before this could happen , on 20 june arab members of the locally recruited aden armed police mutinied and seized the crater in association with nationalist insurgents .
after a long absence , due to ribault 's delay from wars in europe , charlesfort was abandoned after the garrison mutinied , built a ship on the island , and sailed back to france in april 1563 .
in that year , about forty yaquis were pressed into the mexican army , and later mutinied in ensenada ; in doing so they killed three people , including their captain 's wife and began to flee northward to attain horses to travel where they came from .
the khan of the turks later lent him some soldiers , but the soldiers mutinied in the year 652 .
he was the son of his predecessor , king u. u was forced from power after yi seonggye mutinied in 1388 , and chang was put on the throne in his stead .
in 991 ce , mahinda ’s army mutinied with help from mercenaries from kerala .
after the war of the grand alliance broke out , kidd , culliford , and their british comrades mutinied against a french prize crew , taking the ship and renaming it the " blessed william " , with kidd put in command .
during the period of the indian rebellion of 1857 rao never wavered in loyalty to the british ; and although the state troops also mutinied in june 1858 on the approach of tantia topi , he adhered to the british cause , retiring with maharaja sindhia to the agra fort .
the small battle occurred off topolobampo , mexico and was fought between three gunboats , two from the mexican navy and another which mutinied from the armada and joined the rebel constitutionalists .
when the rebellion broke out in may 1857 , it threatened british british authority in several areas of india , but most particularly in oudh , where the resentful dispossessed rulers and landowners joined with the mutinied regiments ( bengal native troops , and oudh irregular units formerly belonging to the kingdom of oudh ) in what became a national rebellion .
on midnight of 28 july , some 5000 troops of the 1st and 2nd corps of the east hopei army mutinied , turning against the japanese garrison .
while the troops were in morristown , the connecticut troops protested their conditions and mutinied .
meanwhile , with wang tingcou also having mutinied , killed tian hongzheng the military governor of neighboring chengde circuit ( 成德 , headquartered in modern shijiazhuang , hebei ) , and took over control of chengde , zhu and wang allied and put chengde 's shen prefecture ( 深州 , in modern hengshui , hebei ) , whose prefect niu yuanyi ( 牛元翼 ) had refused to follow wang , under siege .
before shi could depart weibo , however , the weibo soldiers mutinied , killed him , and supported the officer he jintao as their leader in resisting li ting .
starting on the night of 29 october , sailors on several battleships mutinied ; three ships from the iii squadron refused to weigh anchors , and acts of sabotage were committed on board the battleships and .
during this event some indian troops ( known as ' sepoys ' ) , particularly in bengal , mutinied , but the ' loyal ' pathans , punjabis , gurkhas , kumaoni / kumaunis and garhwalis did not join the mutiny and fought on the side of the british army .
in the meantime , after requeséns ’s death philip ’s army of flanders , its pay in arrears , mutinied and began to maraud for loot and stores in the provinces not under rebel control .
off northern france , the french atlantic fleet had mutinied due to errors in provisions and pay .
he arrived in the caribbean a full ten months after his crew had mutinied , and anchored his vessel along the coast of anguilla , the northernmost leeward island .
in 1857 the 14th native infantry stationed at jhelum town mutinied , and made a vigorous defence against a force sent from rawalpindi to disarm them , but decamped on the night following the action , with the main body being subsequently arrested by the kashmiri authorities , into whose territory they had escaped .
six years later , kiều công tiễn , also a general of dương đình nghệ , mutinied and killed his master in order to replace dương đình nghệ as “ tiết độ sứ ” .
starting on the night of 29 october , sailors on several battleships mutinied ; three ships from the iii squadron refused to weigh anchors , and acts of sabotage were committed on board the battleships and .
on february 24 , 1948 , the communist 4th column launched a long distance strike at yingkou , and although the 52nd army , the local nationalist garrison managed to beat back the communist attack at the night of february 25 , 1948 , the nationalist 58th division , the cream of the crop of the nationalist 52nd army , mutinied by defecting to the communist side under the leadership of the division commander wang jiashan ( 王家善 ) .
when mau , daphne and ataba leave the cave they are met by two english men who mutinied on the " sweet judy " and who were set adrift by the captain of that ship .
kambona was also quick to remind his listeners in nigeria , and even in britain where lived , that it was he who calmed down the soldiers when they mutinied while president nyerere and vice president kawawa went into hiding , " in a grass hut , " as he put it .
on 27 march , 1971 he mutinied against the pakistan army with bengali officers and soldiers of 4th east bengal regiment ( nicknamed baby tigers ) after hearing the news of pakistan army 's genocide in east pakistan / bangladesh .
on 25 february 2009 , border guards in the bangladesh rifles mutinied and killed more than 50 army officers , testing the hold of the new government .
new forces fighters loyal to zacharia koné , a new forces commander who was dismissed from his command in may 2008 for indiscipline , reportedly mutinied in vavoua and seguela on june 28 .
aleksander józef lisowski became one of the leaders of the resulting konfederacja - a mutinied part of the army , that decided to gather their wages by pillaging local civilians , not caring whether they pledged allegiance to poland or sweden .
fearing the prospects of facing other powerful indian armies and exhausted by years of campaigning , his army mutinied at the hyphasis river ( the modern beas river ) refusing to march further east .
a considerable number of the population in the town of cainta , rizal , are descended from indian soldiers who mutinied against the british indian army when the british briefly occupied the philippines in 1762 to 1763 .
fearing this act to be an attempt of forceful conversion to christianity , the soldiers mutinied .
moore himself mutinied against the texas government , and disregarding their direct orders , allied himself with the yucatan government , who at the time was in open rebellion against the tyrannical central mexican government .
in august , the crew mutinied and jewett was only able to restore order with the support of the soldiers on board .
a conspiracy of liberal mid - ranking officers in the expedition being outfitted at cadiz mutinied before they were shipped to the americas .
instead they mutinied at the assembly point , and defeated a roman force sent against them .
at cádiz , in january 1820 , troops who had assembled for an expedition to america were angry over infrequent pay , bad food , and poor quarters and mutinied under the leadership of colonel rafael del riego y nuñez ( 1785–1823 ) .
indeed , after the surrender , several of the crews actively mutinied , and had to be subdued by the british .
only three ships , " agamemnon " and , obeyed the signal , but " agamemnon"s crew later mutinied , and sailed the ship back to yarmouth roads .
though he did not call them noble , dr. rae , who had lived among the inuit , defended them as “ dutiful ” and “ a bright example to the most civilized people ” , comparing them favorably with the undisciplined crew of the franklin expedition , whom he suggested were ill treated and " would have mutinied under privation " , and moreover with the lower classes in england or scotland generally .
in february 1648 colonel john poyer , the parliamentary governor of pembroke castle , refused to hand over his command to one of fairfax 's officers , and he was soon joined by some hundreds of officers and men , who mutinied , ostensibly for arrears of pay , but really with political objects .
in september 1797 , the crew of the " hermione " mutinied in the west indies , killing almost all the officers in revenge for a number of grievances including the throwing into the sea of the bodies of three men who had been killed in falling from the rigging in a desperate scramble to avoid flogging for being last man down on deck .
the british ship had been ferrying hundreds of chinese soldiers towards korea , and these soldiers had mutinied and taken over the ship upon the appearance and threats from the japanese ships .
in february 1797 pellew was appointed to hms " greyhound " but , having been put ashore when her crew mutinied at the nore , and under pressure from his commander - in - chief , he resigned the command , being moved in july to hms " cleopatra " .
he later supported insurgencies in french held grenada and st. vincent and also raided la guayra in venezuela in an unsuccessful effort to capture the " hermione " a british ship whose crew had mutinied , murdered captain hugh pigot and turned her over to the spanish .
in april 1919 , while helping to defend sevastopol from the advancing bolsheviks , the crews of " france " and " jean bart " mutinied , but collapsed when vice - admiral jean - françoise - charles amet agreed to meet their main demand to take the ships home .
he opposed the 2000 coup , and when rebels from the counter revolutionary warfare unit mutinied at suva 's queen elizabeth barracks on 2 november 2000 , he led the third infantry battalion in a counter - offensive to retake the barracks from the rebels .
however , on discovering that they would no longer be allowed to wear the kilt , they mutinied .
the 1915 singapore mutiny , also known as the 1915 sepoy mutiny , was an incident concerning 850 sepoys ( indian soldiers ) who mutinied against the british on 15 february 1915 in singapore , as part of the 1915 ghadar conspiracy ( not to be mistaken for the indian mutiny of 1857 ) .
on 5 july 1960 , five days after the congo gained independence from belgium , the force publique garrison near léopoldville mutinied against its white officers and attacked numerous european targets .
in september 1917 , the russian soldiers in france began questioning why they were fighting for the french at all and mutinied .
when the usurper constantine iii ordered his general gerontius to resign his command in hispania , gerontius mutinied and installed maximus .
however , on the night of april 29 , the enlisted garrison in fort jackson mutinied and refused to endure more .
when war broke out , the captain went over to the nationalists , but the crew mutinied and took the ship to the republican side .
when kikuchi mutinied and wrestled control over the ship from kadomatsu , momoi is disappointed by the crew splitting up and planned to leave with kadomatsu just like oguri wanted to .
" piracy by a warship , government ship or government aircraft whose crew has mutinied "
in 1611 , while in james bay , hudson 's crew mutinied .
under circumstances that have still not been fully brought to light , the members of the group mutinied and went to seoul in 1971 , where they were killed or committed suicide .
skinner often seems weak - willed and easily suppressed — perhaps because he wants to avoid confrontation — but often will use his military command experience gained in the vietnam war to get real respect and discipline ; when he and the students were snowed - in at the school , he treated them like his squad to control the chaos temporarily — before they mutinied .
his father zhu kerong , who had been an officer at lulong circuit had seized lulong circuit from the imperial government - commissioned military governor ( " jiedushi " ) zhang hongjing in 821 , after the lulong soldiers mutinied against zhang .
after holding them for several days , the troops guarding them mutinied and killed all the leading republican prisoners , including afranius .
justinian ii attempted to apprehend sergius i as his predecessor had done with martin i , underestimating the resentment against imperial authority among those in power in italy , and the italian - born troops from ravenna and the duchy of the pentapolis mutinied in favor of sergius i upon their arrival in rome : not long after , justinian ii was deposed in a coup .
his progress was delayed that night when his men mutinied for pay .
in august 1955 , members of the british equatorial corps , together with local police , mutinied in torit and other southern towns .
the army in the netherlands mutinied not long after , seizing antwerp and looting the southern netherlands , prompting several cities in the previously peaceful southern provinces to join the rebellion .
soon after , she was involved in the " revolta de chibata " ( english : " revolt of the whip " ) , in which crews on brazilian warships mutinied over bad pay and harsh punishments for even minor offenses .
a year later , after some troops mutinied and an officer committed suicide , he was demoted to lieutenant - general .
this represents the ancestral history of the islanders , most of whom are descended from the sailors who mutinied on the " bounty " in 1789 .
in fall 821 , lulong soldiers mutinied and put zhang and lu under arrest , supporting zhu as their leader .
on april 17 , 1912 , moroccan infantrymen mutinied in the french garrison in fez .
on the night of august 31 to september 1 , 1931 , while the fleet was in the port of coquimbo , the sailors of the chilean battleship almirante latorre mutinied , taking prisoners all the officers of the ship , who were kept confined in their cabins
many of the men mutinied and then deserted refusing to serve under any other commander .
following another coaling stop at key west ( during which four men mutinied and refused orders to pass coal to the vessel ) , harris continued on to ship island and arrived april 9 , to discover that the fleet had left the day before and gone to the mouth of the mississippi river .
the coup almost succeeded , being ultimately overturned by the reaction of bucharesters , who organized street resistance against mutinied troops , mounted barricades , and , eventually , stormed into the executive 's headquarters .
but , his troops misunderstood his intention and mutinied at the town of opis , refusing to be sent away and bitterly criticizing his adoption of persian customs and dress , and the introduction of persian officers and soldiers into macedonian units .
west african conscripts of the tirailleurs sénégalais units of the french army mutinied against poor conditions and revocation of pay at the thiaroye camp , on the outskirts of dakar , senegal .
some of them are from the " hermione " that mutinied in the west indies and they know they will be hanged if caught .
he stated steadfastly that he had mutinied on his own accord and that none had played any role in egging him on .
the scottish recruits feared that they were about to be " crimped " for service in india or other unhealthy posts , and mutinied .
such was the scale of their defeat the ottoman army mutinied , a revolt which spread to constantinople – the grand vizier was executed and sultan mehmed iv deposed .
the 1955 war began when southern army officers mutinied and then formed the anya - nya guerilla movement .
in 991 ce , mahinda ’s army mutinied with help from mercenaries from kerala .
at the instigation of the mate , the crew mutinied and escaped with the galleon 's valuable cargo .
but he had left this campaign too late in the year and when the wintry season came on early in the armenian tablelands his troops mutinied , refusing to go further , and he was forced to withdraw southwards back into arzenene .
in october 741 , berber garrisons in the northwest frontiers of galicia mutinied .
the mendi bible is a bible presented to john quincy adams in 1841 by a group of freed african slaves who had mutinied on the schooner " la amistad " .
he lacked cash , and a detachment at limerick in may 1590 mutinied , and marched to dublin .
on 9 february 1930 part of the 4th regiment of tonkinese rifles stationed at yen bai mutinied against their french officers but were suppressed by loyal troops from the same unit .
the regiment was composed of officers drawn from two indian units which had mutinied , the 7th bengal native infantry and 8th bengal native infantry .
she participated in the pursuit of the mutinous battleship in june 1905 , but her crew mutinied themselves .
in fall 783 , soldiers from jingyuan circuit ( 涇原 , headquartered in modern pingliang , gansu ) , then at chang'an in preparation for deployment to the weibo front , were angry that they were not given sufficient rewards , and they mutinied , forcing emperor dezong to flee to fengtian ( 奉天 , in modern xianyang , shaanxi ) .
british sailors mutinied near the mouth of the river thames in 1797 and hoisted a red flag on several ships .
by contrast with the larger bengal army where all but twelve ( out of eighty - four ) infantry and cavalry regiments either mutinied or were disbanded , all fifty - two regiments of madras native infantry remained loyal and passed into the new indian army when direct british crown rule replaced that of the honourable east india company .
on 23 january 1964 1st battalion , uganda rifles , plus the embryonic 2nd battalion mutinied , seizing its british officers .
when the greek sailors mutinied from want of pay , ibrahim was able to land at modon on february 26 , 1825 .
between february 21 and march 17 , 1921 , the sailors in kronstadt had mutinied .
it was awarded to four units of the bengal native infantry which mutinied in 1857 vide gogg 43 of 1829 .
on september 29 , 1413 , some of the teutonic knights in the town mutinied against heinrich von plauen the elder ; they were only appeased with plauen 's replacement with michael küchmeister von sternberg .
however , his crew mutinied and sailed to barbados instead .
the soldiers , angry at him and fearful that he had effectively sold them out to the imperial government , mutinied and killed him under the leadership of he jintao .
in particular , the paper found the movie to be rather cliché — it balked at the sentimentality of " blackjack " 's death scene and claimed the writers " would confer a favor upon a patient public if they mutinied against the use of some words , especially that simple monosyllable , ' well ' " .
on june 24 , 1932 , while the king was holidaying at the seaside , the bangkok garrison mutinied and seized power , led by a group of 49 officers known as " the promoters " .
when spanish troops mutinied because of lack of payment , and sacked the towns of zierikzee and aalst , the states - general of the netherlands was immediately convened by the states of brabant and hainaut on september 8 , 1576 to deal with the mutinous troops .
the mainly muslim sepoys mutinied because they believed they were being sent to fight for the british against muslim turks , as part of the first world war .
the futian battalion 's leaders had mutinied against mao zedong 's purge of the jiangxi action committee , ordered on the pretext of its alleged connection to the anti - bolshevik league and ties to trotskyism .
in 783 , soldiers from jingxuan circuit ( 涇原 , headquartered in modern pingliang , gansu ) , at chang'an to await deployment to the east for wars against warlords , mutinied after not receiving rewards that they believed they deserved , and emperor dezong fled to fengtian ( 奉天 , in modern xianyang , shaanxi ) .
although victorious , alexander 's exhausted army mutinied soon after , when he made plans to cross river hyphasis , and refused to go further into india .
the cossack consular guards at urga , uliastai , and khovd , traditionally loyal to the romanov family , had mutinied and left .
manchukuo troops mutinied , briefly holding the transportation hubs along the tsitsihar - keshan and harbin - hailun railways , or departing to join the forces of general ma .
he was one of six men , including howell davis , who mutinied , seized the sloop " buck " and took to piracy .
some then mutinied and killed their officers and went over to the red army , others who had wives and children surrendered : formal surrender of the remaining 5000 strong force was agreed 8 january 1920 , and all the trains that had left krasnoyarsk were captured by the reds .
when they noticed that the sultan mahmud ii was forming a new army and hiring european gunners , they mutinied , but the sipahis forced them to retreat to their barracks in the city of thessaloniki .
but once they reached the bashilo , his men mutinied at the prospect of crossing into shewa , and he was forced to turn back ; within three weeks , he was holding court in aringo .
at the synod of arles in 314 , christian pacifism was totally reversed ; the third canon excommunicated soldiers who refused military service , or who mutinied .
the regiment was composed of officers drawn from two indian units which had mutinied , the 1st bengal native infantry and 3rd bengal native infantry .
meanwhile the loyalist roman army mutinied at ticinum ( pavia ) on 13 august , which was followed by the execution of the patrician stilicho on 22 august .
the exhausted troops mutinied against the emperor .
responding in turn , a portion of the trinidad defense force , led by raffique shah and rex lassalle , mutinied and took hostages at the army barracks at teteron .
there he captured those who had mutinied in the " santa rosa " , shooting the leaders and punishing the rest with twelve whips in the face .
the situation was soon to change , however , as , after the fall of the qing dynasty in october 1911 , zhao 's soldiers mutinied and beheaded him .
the fort was abandoned on 29 august 1682 after the garrison mutinied and it became clear that portuguese traders could not compete with the other gold coast powers .
after three years of fighting , astyages ' troops mutinied during the battle of pasargadae , and cyrus conquered the median 's empire .
that night , the soldiers mutinied , killed wei and several other staff member of zhang 's , and put zhang under arrest .
27 august 1944 ii battalion of regiment 1 and ii battalion of the regiment 2 mutinied – all german officers and german personnel were murdered .
in 775 , the soldiers stationed at the important base heyang ( 河陽 , in modern luoyang , henan ) mutinied and expelled their commander chang xiuming ( 常休明 ) .
in fall 783 , soldiers from jingyuan circuit ( 涇原 , headquartered in modern pingliang , gansu ) , at chang'an to be deployed to the east , mutinied when they became angry that they did not get rewards from emperor dezong .
the army mutinied in 1990 and 1992 , and on 2 march 1990 , protesters organized mass demonstrations in the streets of abidjan with slogans such as " thief houphouët " and " corrupt houphouët " .
in the year 588 , the roman troops mutinied and taking advantage of this mutiny , persian troops once again attacked constantia but were repulsed .
in 1872 , the conflict of " insular " uprisings came when soldiers and workers of the cavite arsenal of fort san felipe mutinied .
part of the 4th r.t.t. stationed at yen bai mutinied on 9 february 1930 but were suppressed by loyal troops from the same unit .
stanley met emin in april 1888 , and after a year spent in argument and indecision , during which emin and jephson were imprisoned at dufile by troops who mutinied from august to november 1888 , emin was convinced to leave for the coast .
a few days later " petropavlovsk " and the pre - dreadnought battleship bombarded fort krasnaya gorka whose garrison had mutinied against the bolsheviks .
matters came to a head and the crew mutinied in june 1611 .
almost the entire bengal army had mutinied and in the ensuing disbandment of its regiments , the 31st became the second most senior .
he then tells the story of the mutiny on the bounty , and of thursday october christian , the son of fletcher christian , who mutinied against captain bligh leaving bligh to fend for himself on the open sea .
however , shi 's soldiers opposed , and they mutinied , killing shi .
in fall 783 , soldiers from jingyuan circuit ( 涇原 , headquartered in modern pingliang , gansu ) , in chang'an to await deployment to the east , mutinied when they became angry that emperor dezong was not giving them rewards .
the regiment was composed of officers drawn from two indian units which had mutinied , the 5th bengal native infantry and 6th bengal native infantry .
the army , exhausted and frightened at the prospect of facing another giant indian army at the ganges , mutinied at the hyphasis ( modern beas ) and refused to march further east .
he signed on as an assistant to a chinese cook aboard a collier bound for gibraltar whose turkish crew had mutinied and left the ship shorthanded .
when the british withdrew , many of the sepoys mutinied and refused to leave .
de ambris was the leader of a group of italian seamen who had mutinied and then given their vessel to the service of d'annunzio .
murong bao had , unaware that murong de had effectively declared independence , started a campaign against northern wei , but his tired soldiers mutinied , initially forcing him back to longcheng , and then further capturing longcheng and forcing him to flee south .
after the collapse of the soviet union , the najibullah government was overthrown on april 18 , 1992 when abdul rashid dostum mutinied , and allied himself with ahmed shah massoud , to take control of kabul and declare the islamic state of afghanistan .
after the garrison mutinied , colonel william conyngham was obliged to surrender on the 14 august .
the axum general abraha overthrew the himyars and mutinied against his own kingdom and established himself as an independent ruler .
this song was sung by the french soldiers who mutinied ( in more than sixteen of the one hundred divisions of the french army ) after the costly and militarily disastrous offensive of general robert nivelle at the chemin des dames .
the situation was soon to change , however , as , after the fall of the qing dynasty in october 1911 , zhao 's soldiers mutinied and beheaded him .
amid rumours that the ousted prime minister tshombe was plotting a comeback from his exile in spain , some 2,000 of tshombe 's former katangan gendarmes , led by mercenaries , mutinied in kisangani ( formerly stanleyville ) in july 1966 .
the russian soldiers in one of the camps began questioning why they were fighting for the french at all and mutinied .
in 868 , expeditionary soldiers sent from xusi circuit ( 徐泗 , headquartered in modern xuzhou , jiangsu ) to help defend the border with nanzhao at gui prefecture ( 桂州 , in modern guilin , guangxi ) , angry that they had been stationed there for four years ( one more year past the originally promised term of three years ) and were set to be stationed there for yet another year , mutinied under the leadership of the officer pang xun and headed back toward xusi .
quesada remained in the region until the arrival of two expeditions at the end of 1538 : sebastián de belalcázar from quito , ecuador , one of the captains of pizarro who had mutinied against his leader ; and nikolaus federmann , a german from venezuela who had rebelled against another german named hohermuth .
this expedition failed when , allegedly due to the captain 's malfeasance , the soldiers mutinied and returned home to california .
initially , the western half of biansong was merged into li zhongchen 's huaixi circuit ( 淮西 , headquartered in modern zhumadian , henan ) , but after li zhongchen 's subordinate li xilie mutinied and expelled him in 779 , emperor dezong , while allowing li xilie to take over huaixi , stripped bian and ying ( 潁州 , in modern ) prefectures from huaixi and added them to yongping .
later that year , after amin 's vice president , general mustafa adrisi , was injured in a car accident , troops loyal to him mutinied .
opposition was also seen among the ceylonese garrison on the cocos islands which mutinied , in part due to the influence of the trotskyist lanka sama samaja party .
lisowczycy were essential in the defence of smolensk in 1612 , when most of regulars ( wojsko kwarciane ) mutinied and joined the konfederacja rohatynska .
since 1788 , when the king family moved to rockingham , the house has been used as a military barracks - recently by the irish army but originally by the connaught rangers who fought bravely and with honour until , while in india , they heard of the atrocities being committed back in ireland by the ' black and tans ' and mutinied .
on november 14 , the cadets of the " escola militar da praia vermelha " ( military college ) also mutinied against the government ’s actions .
in 1797 , discontented sailors in the royal navy mutinied just off the coast of sheerness .
in 1949 he mutinied , taking two other warlords with him over to the communists ... he was made minister of forestry , and then a minister in the communist government .
the once reliable malire mechanized regiment mutinied , as did other units .
in february 2009 , " costa europa " had engine trouble on an indian ocean cruise and passengers mutinied after scheduled stops were cancelled .
officers of the fleet who have mutinied , among them prominent people like racetrack , narcho and skulls , take lee adama hostage upon arrival on the " galactica " .
the soldiers mutinied , a warship was sent to restore peace and bunbury was recalled in july 1839 .
six months after her commissioning ( may 1910 ) , crewmen aboard the ship mutinied during the " revolta da chibata " ( english : " revolt of the whip " ) , killing one of the ship 's officers during the four - day rebellion .
the occupying army in tibet also mutinied and captured the representative of qing government in tibet ; but later , after a clash with the tibetan army , the rebels were defeated and sent back to china proper .
on may 14 , troops in galveston briefly mutinied , but were persuaded to remain under arms .
some of the crew members mutinied after rogers refused to let them plunder a neutral swedish vessel .
the men refused to go and mutinied , insisting that they were only willing to fight for the indian cause shedai refused to intervene .
shortly afterwards , in part because of the friction in the team over the way the shroud handled the avengers , the night shift mutinied against his leadership , forcing him out .
when giocangga and taksi ( chinese:塔克世 , father of nurhachi ) abandoned li to side with chieftain atai who was their relative , li thought they had mutinied and so left them behind in the midst of battle .
on august 18 , 1955 , the equatoria corps , a military unit composed of southerners , mutinied at torit .
when the afghan army mutinied in late 1879 , frederick roberts , 1st earl roberts launched punitive actions and he occupied kabul on 6 october 1879 .
eventually in october 1651 , six months after the siege had started , part of limerick ’s garrison ( english royalists under colonel fennell ) mutinied and turned some cannon inwards , threatening to fire on o’neill ’s men unless they surrendered .
during the indian rebellion of 1857 , 282 sepoys of the 26th native infantry who had mutinied at lahore and subsequently surrendered believing they were going to be given a fair trial , were summarily executed without trial by fredric cooper -- the then deputy commissioner of the district .
her crew was considered unreliable when the crew of the battleship in june 1905 mutinied and she did not participate in the pursuit .
on april 17 , 1912 , moroccan infantrymen mutinied in the french garrison in fez .
