this change would necessitate a restructuring of each league from two divisions into three .
in addition , the high gas velocities necessitate the use of entrainment separators to prevent excessive liquid carryover .
lack of improvement with fluid resuscitation , therapy - resistant hyperkalemia , metabolic acidosis , or fluid overload may necessitate artificial support in the form of dialysis or hemofiltration .
some philosophers feel that these dichotomies necessitate a switch from materialism to physicalism .
for example , a single building in the middle of an urban city containing terrorists would not necessitate a thermonuclear warhead .
sometimes the interests of differing audiences and stakeholders common to a pr effort necessitate the creation of several distinct but complementary messages .
this would necessitate the removal of the large turbo inlet , replacing it with an air inlet mounted behind the cockpit .
the number of transitions between swimming and running necessitate competitors bringing their running gear with them as they swim and their goggles as they run .
however , the death toll was great enough to necessitate the use of the imss baseball field as a morgue , using ice to conserve bodies for identification .
urban direction finding ( udf ) missions necessitate only a small kit of gear .
bruce discovers that christ himself will lead his church , that the gospel of the bible does not necessitate robbery of indigenous culture , and that suffering is often a necessary part of the christian life .
many rnav systems , while offering very high accuracy and possessing many of the functions provided by rnp systems , are not able to provide assurance of their performance . recognising this , and to avoid operators incurring unnecessary expense , where the airspace requirement does not necessitate the use of an rnp system , many new as well as existing navigation requirements will continue to specify rnav rather than rnp systems .
mctaggart asserts that the order of the events does not necessitate change , a concept that he has already established to be necessary to the concept of time .
for the first time , enough teams entered to necessitate pre - qualifying rounds .
sometimes one refers to the non - commuting interaction terms in the hamiltonian as " angular momentum coupling terms " , because they necessitate the angular momentum coupling .
perhaps one of the principle flaws of the trc was that the process did not necessitate equality between the victims and perpetrators .
dotmocracy is not a voting system since it does not necessitate a choice between options .
it determined that russia should decrease exports of natural gas to european markets and concentrate instead on developing new gasfields to keep up with domestic demand , which was rising faster than was envisioned in the 2003 report and could necessitate the development of new gasfields on the yamal peninsula and in other places .
to make the kids happy , they decide to celebrate christmas - which will necessitate a raid on an occupied farmhouse to get supplies .
this would necessitate a larger cemetery location for the brooklyn location .
using only available light provided by street lamps , his photographs necessitate long exposures .
the microgravity environment of space will necessitate modifications to some metal handling techniques .
the new framework focuses on real stability and long - term sustainable and equitable growth , offers a variety of non - standard ways to stabilize the economy and promote growth , and accepts that market imperfections necessitate government interventions .
in most countries , weather conditions rarely necessitate the use of fog lamps , and there is no legal requirement for them , so their primary purpose is frequently cosmetic .
on the other hand , an amoralist is entirely intelligible to the motivational " externalist " , because the motivational externalist thinks that moral judgments about the right thing to do not necessitate some motivation to do those things that are judged to be the right thing to do ; rather , an independent desire — such as the desire to do the right thing — is required ( rosati , 2006 ) .
the pass road has a maximum grade of 11 percent and is open year - round , though road conditions frequently necessitate winter tires , especially between december and march .
this could be done magnetically or optically , but that would necessitate more electronics and an expensive distributor .
consolidation of central administrations into one would not necessitate the closing of any schools .
nontimber forest products ( ntfp ) are considered as any commodity obtained from the forest that does not necessitate harvesting trees .
in rare cases , pelvic scarring may necessitate that a pregnant woman who is a sct survivor deliver her baby by cesarean section .
these conditions necessitate that the social entrepreneur be creative , adaptable , and determined in finding new solutions to problems .
he noted , however , that any such highly decentralized organization would necessitate a high degree of mutual trust and a common outlook that came from prior shared experiences .
this , in turn , would necessitate the installation of an extremely large power plant , one which would not fit into the ship even if the third turret was removed .
they could therefore be heavier , and the weight was taken up by extra fuel ( which would enable longer time aloft ) and heavier armament , which would necessitate twin engines .
cirg was intended to integrate tactical and investigative resources and expertise for critical incidents which necessitate an immediate response from law enforcement authorities .
at the end of the decade , a global oil crisis and economic recession necessitate airlines’ need to find new ways to reduce costs .
in some levels , such as the saucerland waves , there are conditions which necessitate a certain order for the ships to be destroyed in .
if session information is considered transient , volatile data that is not required for non - repudiation of transactions and does n't contain data that is subject to compliance auditing ( in the u.s. for example , see the health insurance portability and accountability act and the sarbanes - oxley act for examples of two laws that necessitate compliance auditing ) then any method of storing session information can be used .
later that month , on 23 december she rammed and damaged a u - boat , sustaining sufficient damage herself to necessitate repairs and refit back to england .
to believe that there can be another muhammad would necessitate that allah did something apart from what he has stated in the qur’an , that is , that allah has lied .
the only way to change this stipulation would be to amend the constitution , though it is not entirely clear whether or not this could be done under the general amending formula ( through resolutions of parliament and of the legislatures of at least two - thirds of the provinces having at least 50% of the population ) , or it would necessitate the undivided agreement of all the parliamentary houses across canada , as is required for any constitutional alteration that affects the crown .
immediate action to improve greatly the transport system will necessitate a major road plan , ruthless modernisation of the railways . "
the results were below the state average for student substance abuse and the school principal did not consider the results sufficient to necessitate drug testing of student athletes .
without an aspect weaver , this feature would necessitate duplication of code in the class for every method .
however , the bleeding may be refractory to the embolization , which would necessitate surgery to remove the pancreas at the source of hemorrhage .
they were saved from demolition as they were constructed as part of a complex with primary schools and the demolition of the towers would necessitate the demolition of the schools , which the hat and birmingham city council wanted to avoid .
secondly , inter - region networks such as eurocities are another means of political integration as allowing cities to work with each other over wide geopolitical reaches gives rise to common goals and conflicts which will further necessitate the need for pan - european brokering to resolve these aforesaid conflicts and assist in counselling and setting objectives for the common good of all parties .
such a move would necessitate 3,000 more troops and bases in tajikistan or kyrgyzstan .
the implications of this view of reality are carried as far as ethics , where the lack of separation between awareness and that which it gives rise to necessitate a far - reaching adjustment in our ethical beliefs .
valdés ' clash with park , however , left him requiring treatment , and although the injury was not sufficient to necessitate a substitution , valdés chose to leave his next few goal kicks to piqué .
medulloepithelioma of the ciliary body may necessitate enucleation of the eye .
orange county 's tourist boom may necessitate more improvements .
the conclusion of the air registration board investigating the " accident " was that the aircraft was badly understressed and would necessitate a complete redesign .
this may necessitate either sod drainways , waterways , permanent drainways , etc .
[ b]ut that protection [ of participant 's freedoms ] does necessitate the acceptance of some general terms of engagement when it comes to cameras ...
equine teeth get harder as the horse gets older and may not have rapid changes during the prime adult years of life , but as horses become aged , particularly from the late teens on , additional changes in incisor angle and other molar growth patterns often necessitate frequent care .
though often benign , this problem can necessitate the removal of non - functioning parts .
there can be no sharing in name or attribute , according to jahm , for that would necessitate assimilation ( al - tashbîh ) .
however , if we define god 's essence as what " he necessarily is " apart from " what he does , " then god 's " essence is incommunicable " and communication would necessitate divine actions , or energies .
in general not interefering with the internal affairs of human societies , they find the south africa persecution so horrible as to necessitate their intervention ( the only other thing they interefere with is bull fighting in spain ) .
installation of winglets may necessitate greater aerodynamic washout in order to provide the required resistance to spinning , or to optimise the spanwise lift distribution .
things themselves necessitate it , the influence of el greco , a venetian painter , on him .
acute myocardial infarction can precipitate acute decompensated heart failure and will necessitate emergent revascularization with thrombolytics , percutaneous coronary intervention , or coronary artery bypass graft .
currently , most gaming laptops feature more power efficient versions of high end desktop graphics cards , which still drain heavily on battery life , and necessitate more advanced cooling systems .
although all human knowledge is partial , with no ability to take a ' god's - eye - view , ' this does not necessitate a globalized skeptical attitude .
the o - possessives or objective possessives refer to possessions which are fixed to you , unchangeable , and do not necessitate any action on your part ( but upon which actions can still be performed by others ) ( inalienable possession ) .
on the other hand , it may necessitate relinquishment of potential health benefits of sex .
however , display rules necessitate the integration not only of a dimension of expression appropriateness , but an evaluation of behavioral responses relative to appropriateness .
such hoards would necessitate a wealthy owner , and their supposed existence ignores the command structure of a pirate vessel , in which the crew often served by free suffrage .
for the church of england , " he there says , " i am persuaded that the constant doctrine of it is so pure and orthodox , that whosoever believes it , and lives according to it , undoubtedly he shall be saved , and that there is no error in it which may necessitate or warrant any man to disturb the peace or renounce the communion of it .
an unexpected pregnancy and a forest full of gossipy creatures necessitate their marriage , which rounds out the act .
in sailing , a headwind may make forward movement difficult , and necessitate tacking into the wind .
he was one of the first to perceive the vast changes which must ensue from the introduction of steam into the navy , which would necessitate a new system of signals and a new method of tactics .
in response to the news that municipal spending would necessitate larger than normal property tax increases in 2008 and 2009 , iveson expressed support for maintaining levels of spending , saying that he was " tired of this city cheaping out " .
also , open - water swims necessitate " sighting " : raising the head to look for landmarks or buoys that mark the course .
because " par- " also has the non - antagonistic meaning of " beside " , " there is nothing in " parodia " to necessitate the inclusion of a concept of ridicule " ( hutcheon , 32 ) .
such emergency room visits often necessitate expensive diagnostic evaluations especially if the physicians awareness of the cannabinoid hyperemesis syndrome is lacking .
consolidation of central administrations into one would not necessitate the closing of any schools .
while a lot of progress has been made in achieving fednor 's objectives , communities in northern and rural ontario continue to face the ongoing structural challenges that necessitate a stable , long - term regional development effort .
an oxygenator is a medical device that is capable of exchanging oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood of human patient in surgical procedures that may necessitate the interruption or cessation of blood flow in the body , a critical organ or great blood vessel .
the pib model was proposed in 1987 by jim peebles as an alternative to the cmb model which does not necessitate the existence of exotic dark matter .
an automaker , whose business goals may necessitate an inventory and process - driven focus , could find it beneficial to focus their documentation efforts on what and how columns .
wood - burners emit large quantities of flying sparks which necessitate an efficient spark arresting device generally mostly housed in the smokestack .
this was mainly because both sides tried to avoid overt involvement , which would necessitate a crash in relations with either morocco or algeria - the major north african players - and because neither viewed it as an important front .
but the 7mm-08 's performance begins to drop off when bullet weights exceed 150 grains , and the larger case capacities of the 7x57 mm mauser and the 7x64 mm permit the required larger loads of slow - burning powder ( which then necessitate longer barrels ) .
the term " paradox " comes from the notion that greater means would necessitate the production of more offspring as suggested by the influential thomas malthus .
into anarchy , which would excuse , if it did not necessitate , the
the as-30l is employed for attacking targets which require a high degree of precision to engage effectively , but are also potentially dangerous enough to necessitate a longer - distance " stand off " attack profile .
hillview was being leased to a local child care provider , since student populations in the 1980s and 1990s did not necessitate a third elementary school .
shop keepers had to keep strict account of all food sold , and canned goods had to be punctured at time of sale to necessitate their being used promptly .
the law provided that the life expectancy of capital ships was to be reduced from 25 to 20 years , a measure designed to necessitate construction of newer battleships .
intertitles were a mainstay of silent films once they became of sufficient length and detail to necessitate dialogue and/or narration to make sense of the enacted or documented events .
numerous dental treatments necessitate attachment of prostheses and appliances to the teeth by means of a luting agent .
however , larger " m. armatus " necessitate aquariums measuring at least 48 ” ( 122 cm ) with 55 gallons ( 209 liters ) capacity .
any such system will necessitate the installation of trainborne equipment to some degree .
student possession of marijuana was initially discovered by program guides , and the quantity , which was ultimately determined to be 3.3 pounds , was judged to be large enough to necessitate involving governmental authorities , according to muss institute headmaster chaim fischgrund .
the people and wildlife of the region are dependent on many of the same natural resources . shared surface and sub - surface freshwater basins , shared seas , common flora and fauna species and a shared air - shed are some of the characteristics that necessitate regional cooperation .
greek life is gaining acceptance at loyola marymount , and events in the near future will necessitate a greater need for more greek organizations and expansion .
this dearth of available care , along with other factors , including cultural and transportation issues , necessitate sustainable local solutions .
this design value implies that social and economic circumstances found in the third world necessitate the development of special solutions , which are distinct from what the same architects and industrial designers would recommend for the developed world .
for instance , many different cultures necessitate that particular emotions should be masked and that other emotions should be expressed drastically .
instead , they proposed equisetaleans ( horsetails ) as the major food source , as these plants existed in the same times and places as hadrosaurids , are known to be rich in starch , and contain abrasive silica which would necessitate teeth that could be replaced .
he pointed out that growing nationalism in the more industrially advanced colonies would necessitate a continuation of the arms race after the war , and that should this occur , economic stagnation would worsen .
ones ? ( which would necessitate some widening further along the chain ) ,
that would necessitate a large number of multilingual military personnel to do the censoring and expanded , u.s. controlled teletype and radio circuits in south vietnam to move the censored material ...
in addition , unlike concrete and asphalt , which necessitate frequent and high cost replacement , rubber products are longer lasting and thus more cost - efficient .
these developments meant that dongan 's already poor diocese was minuscule , too small really to necessitate a full - time bishop , and so dongan 's episcopal status was put to use elsewhere by busier prelates .
in aircraft other than specialist stol aircraft , full - span slots have serious drawbacks because , to take advantage of the high angle of attack at the stall , they usually necessitate long undercarriage legs that either cause high drag or are longer than can be accommodated easily inside the airframe .
she looks similar to the ' loch class ' vessels , but has a recognisable bow and stern ( this designation is only an operational one when sea conditions necessitate the use of the vessel 's stabilising fins , otherwise adequate progress for crossings can be made in " reverse " ) .
this can necessitate some tailoring of the guidance to suit a particular project .
naturally , bathing and swimming necessitate their removal , but they may be removed for other strenuous activities such as football , basketball , dance performance or other vigorous exercise as deemed appropriate by the wearer . "
disagreement about the practical implementation of any economic plan would invariably necessitate coercion in order for anything to be achieved .
depending on the nature of the damage , the paralysis can either resolve on its own over a period of months , necessitate rehabilitative therapy , or require surgery .
none of these three items , however , necessitate a coregency .
cato scholars have emphasized that the present social security system is unsustainable , and will necessitate future tax hikes and benefit cuts to make ends meet .
while that does not necessitate co - operative behavior , it does help .
faa licensing requirements necessitate careful selection of the launch and landing sites .
with conventional construction techniques , the pier heads would be moved into place with the help of iron supports beneath the outspread pier heads , but the use of iron supports would necessitate the closure of the road below .
as you move a cooling device further away from the heat source , parasitic losses between the cooler and the heat source necessitate additional cooling power : the further the distance between source and cooler , the more cooling is required .
many purpose - designed transformer - rectifier ( " rectiformer " ) units were specifically designed around the characteristics of metal rectifiers , and substituting silicon rectifiers would necessitate replacing the complete assembly .
although oman enjoys a high degree of internal stability , regional tensions in the aftermath of the persian gulf war and the iran - iraq war continue to necessitate large defense expenditures .
after a time , the extreme shortages of food necessitate difficult choices about who gets how much food and which people are to be deliberately underfed to the point of starvation .
recurrent bleeding in either the oral or nasal lesions may necessitate excision and cauterization sooner , however .
tattoo - related burns have been known to necessitate the cessation of mri diagnostics .
the design goals of tin hat necessitate branching from gentoo , rather than adding features from within by adding software to gentoo 's native portage system .
this incident , as well as a life - threatening pulmonary embolism suffered in 2002 , ongoing treatment for blood clots , and painful knees , have led to circulation issues which necessitate wearing extra clothes , including two pairs of tights .
despite a concussion and other injuries ( which would necessitate a two - week hospital stay ) , mcnamee described the collision to his listeners and finished his broadcast .
this road is believed to have crossed the dodder at the big bridge , now pearse bridge , and re - crossed it again near oldbawn , an unnecessarily inconvenient route , considering that a road through templeogue to oldbawn would not necessitate any crossing .
in 1626 the musical establishment of the royal household was sufficient to necessitate the creation of a new office of ' master of the king 's music ' and probably the most important composer of the reign was william lawes ( 1602–45 ) , who produced fantasia suites , consort music for harp , viols and organ and music for individual instruments , including lutes .
the very conditions that may necessitate a stability operation or support operation — widespread human suffering , population movements , famine , human rights violations , and civil war — are also the conditions that attract the services of nongovernmental organizations ( ngo ) .
rapid reaction forces are designed to intervene quickly in rather low - intensity conflicts , such as uprisings that necessitate the evacuation of foreign embassies .
although modern twist drills can perform excellently in many cases — usually producing sufficiently accurate holes for most applications — sometimes the stringency of the requirements for the hole 's geometry and finish necessitate two operations : a drilling to slightly undersize , followed by reaming with a reamer .
secondary psychiatric sequelae such as anxiety , panic attacks or depression may develop and necessitate appropriate treatment .
in " capitalism , socialism and democracy " , joseph schumpeter , an austrian economist , presents an alternative mechanism of how socialism will come about from a weberian perspective : the increasing bureaucratization of society that occurs under capitalism will eventually necessitate state - control in order to better coordinate economic activity .
the rapids , ranging in difficulty from class iii to class v , are imposing and forceful , many of them obstructed by large boulders which necessitate maneuvering in very powerful currents , crosscurrents , and hydraulics .
drag hunts are often considered to be faster than standard fox hunts , with followers not having to wait while the hounds pick up a trail , and often covering an area far larger than a traditional hunt , which may even necessitate a change of horses half way through .
the domesticated landscape ( e.g. pastoral lands / agricultural fields and , to a lesser degree , horticulture and gardening ) is seen to necessitate the end of open sharing of the resources that formerly existed ; where once " this was everyone 's , " it is now " mine . "
rarely , a severe cardiac or liver failure from hepatic avms can necessitate a liver transplantation .
practice , experience , and actual loss results will necessitate changes in the plan and contribute information to allow possible different decisions to be made in dealing with the risks being faced .
the review also complains about biographical omissions that necessitate extensive navigation to related articles .
excessive bleeding from uterus may necessitate hysterectomy if family size is completed .
the goal of the questionnaire is to assist artists and museum professionals in understanding which attributes of an artwork may change and how best to make those changes when future re - creations necessitate them .
it must be understood , however , that shipping or airlift schedule variations , and exercise or contingency operations will occasionally necessitate longer or shorter deployments for participating units .
the academic curriculum followed by the pupils is the same as in all other schools of the same type , but the normal schools frequently engage in research programs which may necessitate minor curriculum alterations .
when the number of religious increased to between three and four hundred , and the works entrusted to them became so numerous and varied as to necessitate an organization more detailed and definite , steps were undertaken to obtain the papal approbation , which was received in 1895 .
the city council have indicated that should this extension be complete they will reconsider building the eastern flank of the ring road which will necessitate either a second motorway bridge over the river , or a tunnel .
physicians that elect to prescribe alprazolam for longer than 8 weeks should be aware that continued efficacy has not been systematically demonstrated beyond 8 weeks ' use , as tolerance to alprazolam 's effects may occur after 8 weeks and necessitate discontinuation or physician - directed dose escalation .
the population growth was so strong so as to necessitate the building of another school in the area , which opened in 1952 , the same year haunstetten was granted home rule .
while the production team was always going to build a substantial number of sets , the decision was taken early on that to fulfill burton 's vision best would necessitate shooting the movie in a totally controlled environment , which meant that all the interiors and virtually all of the exteriors , other than those shot on location at lime tree valley and a few other brief scenes , would be shot on stages at leavesden .
things themselves necessitate it , the influence of el greco , a venetian painter , on him .
in cases of wrongful pregnancy , the doctor 's negligence makes the fulfillment of the parents’ will impossible , while in wrongful abortion cases the doctor 's negligence instigates , but does not necessitate , a decision that turns out to be inconsistent with such will .
this change would necessitate a restructuring of each league from two divisions into three .
anderson was wounded in the back of the neck and shoulder by shrapnel from shellfire in 1916—in the slang of the time a " blighty " ( a wound serious enough to necessitate a recuperation in britain ) .
recent mild winters , possibly due to climate change , have not been severe enough to necessitate hibernation .
consolidation of multiple central administrations into one would not necessitate the closing of any schools .
because of the security limitations offered by plastic cards as mentioned on the website , he wrote " reasons such as these will necessitate the cards being replaced by the marking system " .
each year we delay action to control global emissions increases the risk of unavoidable consequences that will likely necessitate even steeper reductions in the future , causing potentially greater economic , environmental and social disruption .
when the french government , at the end of the trente glorieuses , realised that keeping the " france " running would necessitate an additional ten million dollars a year , they opted instead to subsidise the then developing concorde .
to attend for appointment will necessitate a ferry ride with your pet to thursday island .
essentially , everyone gets everything they want , even if their desires necessitate an about - face in characterization or the messy introduction of some back story .
in contrast , battery electric vehicles , which are already publicly available , would not necessitate immediate expansion of the existing infrastructure for electricity transmission and distribution , since much of the electricity currently being generated by power plants goes unused at night when the majority of electric vehicles would be recharged .
this also applies to " non est ponenda pluritas sine necessitate " , which translates literally into english as " pluralities ought not be posited without necessity " .
while there is no concrete proof of the existence of gravitons , quantized theories of matter necessitate their existence .
the complex and sensitive shapes required in porting necessitate a good degree of artistic skill with a hand tool .
he knew that the leaps and bound of progress would necessitate higher qualifications if one hoped to land a good job .
it is not suitable , however , for exact mathematical computations because the formulas which would be required to take the irregularities into account would necessitate a prohibitive amount of computations .
his physical stamina is strong enough to necessitate a narn k soldier use an entire clip of tranquilizer darts in order to bring him down .
marx noted this , but thought that it was not significant , stating in chapter 9 of volume 3 of capital that " our present analysis does not necessitate a closer examination of this point . "
they often necessitate the purchase of foodstuffs at considerable cost to farmers to feed livestock .
the first two would use four turrets , but it was felt that an arrangement with these were too heavy and would necessitate a lower and unacceptable amount of armor . "
brakes are not required for riding on a track because all riders ride in the same direction around a track which does not necessitate sharp deceleration .
" non - judicial " situations involve actions that are considered sinful or simply regrettable but are not considered to be of sufficient gravity to necessitate a judicial committee , and can not result in disfellowshipping from the congregation ; specific action by congregation elders is not administered in such situations , but counsel ( or " correction " ) may be provided by a mature witness in addition to self - discipline and family discipline .
more hours worked earn higher incomes but necessitate a cut in the amount of leisure that workers enjoy .
given the extant distribution of amaryllidaceae in north america and the generic richness south of the equator , a northern latitude entry into the new world for the family would necessitate massive extinction in north america sometime after migration to south america took place .
he said that the injustice caused by zionism is such as to necessitate war .
borrowing is sometimes inevitable when a spike in expenditures would necessitate an unsupportable spike in taxation otherwise .
huxley saw this as an opening to deny that there exist any sort of “ iron laws ” that necessitate human conduct .
women on average have smaller shoulders and wider hips than men , which may necessitate a greater carrying angle .
a soft target can generally be overcome from any direction with typical ordnance in use by line units , while a hard target may necessitate attack from a specific direction , with particular planning , en - masse , by special units or by ordnance made for the purpose .
may necessitate an administrative decision to merge ( see urban sprawl ) .
this may necessitate large - scale treatment systems to remove arsenic from the water supply .
by driving armored wedges through the weakest links of the defense chain , the ability to penetrate into enemy territory would be more easily achieved , and would not necessitate the maneuver of their armor behind an infantry advance .
in serious cases the condition may result in gangrene , which may necessitate amputation .
many of the burghers would have at this time welcomed union with the transvaal , but learning from sir george grey that such a union would nullify the conventions of 1852 and 1854 and necessitate the reconsideration of great britain 's policy towards the native tribes north of the orange and vaal rivers , the project dropped .
as most groups are focused on some manner of international legal solution , many ( but not all ) proposed structures are based on the kingdom that existed in 1893 , the logical basis being that the undoing of the 1893 overthrow might legally necessitate a return to the pre - overthrow government that existed before 1893 .
the frequency of conflict and the need for defense will necessitate a ready armed force for defense .
( the length of the tandem arrangement of two - seat f-16s does , however , necessitate a structural frame between the pilots . )
strong currents and the shifting sandbar remain a threat to ships entering the river and necessitate continuous maintenance of the jetties .
in a statement , he asserted that since " foreign agents " were exploiting the election campaign to destabilize iran , " the supreme national interests of the country necessitate the suspension of elections pending the return of the iranian delegation from the hague . "
within the sources in which recipes are recorded ( recipe books , diaries ) , there is considerable bias towards the cooking habits of gentry , even in those of 17th and 18th century origin ; the upper classes of society were more literate and able to purchase the variety of ingredients which would necessitate a cookery book .
he turned this into a concern for ontological parsimony ; the principle says that one should not multiply entities beyond necessity - " entia non sunt multiplicanda sine necessitate " - although this well - known formulation of the principle is not to be found in any of ockham 's extant writings .
the identification of a new snp can necessitate renaming of one or more categories .
if it is necessary to maintain low temperatures with full circulation , this may necessitate running the cooling instead of the heating .
footbridges are often situated to allow pedestrians to cross water or railways in areas where there are no nearby roads to necessitate a road bridge , they are also located across roads to let pedestrians cross safely without slowing down the traffic .
a transcript of the interview was published in alrai daily , which included al - kharafi 's comment that too many reshuffles necessitate " a review and an evaluation of what measures should be taken . "
requiring it be taught throughout the curriculum would necessitate all accounting teachers to have knowledge on the subject ( which may require training ) .
in a few cases , the child labour programme of action proposes new activities , some of which will necessitate new expenditures .
uefa stressed that artificial turf should only be considered an option where climatic conditions necessitate .
in november 1954 a special instrument account was opened with the bank and fundraising continued , it being felt that an influx of lady members would necessitate new instruments being purchased , with many of the 1937 instruments still in use .
there was concern that growth would necessitate the construction of a second bridge across the river into the town , thus putting further strain on the wooden town .
an excess in spending can also necessitate a budget freeze .
moderate renal impairment does not necessitate dosage adjustment while patients with severe renal impairment or hepatic impairment are contraindicated .
membership in the john ford stock company did not necessitate membership in ford 's social circle , and indeed many of the actors in the stock company never encountered ford outside of work situations .
though the wearing of sandals might necessitate washing the feet , the water was also offered as a courtesy even when shoes were worn .
the other track will be put into service if bart traffic rises enough to necessitate it .
for example the production of a certain component may require investment in specialized equipment , the distribution of a certain product may necessitate unique physical facilities , or the delivery of a certain service may be predicated on the existence of an uncommon set of professional know - how and skills .
this would necessitate the transfer of 2.5 million germans as opposed to 8 million from a border on the western neisse .
the library refused to accept john selden 's manuscripts in 1654 , most likely because the size of the collection would necessitate a new building , but it has been described as " the greatest loss which the library of the inner temple ever sustained " .
additionally , a mother 's taking ( prescription or illegal ) drugs may necessitate a wet - nurse if a drug in any way changes the content of her milk .
— while we think of them as stable ensembles , in fact , continuously fail into pieces and necessitate elaborate maintenance mechanisms to chase the on - coming threats against their stability ( weick , 1979 , p. 58 ; starbuck " et al . " , 1976 ) .
" the internationalization of history , " iriye pointed out that " at one level , this will necessitate the establishment of closer ties between the american and overseas historical communities .
the a1 is not yet fully dual carriageway and of those parts that are dual carriageway , many junctions are built to a relatively low specification as they necessitate right - turning movements across a busy central reservation .
these winds necessitate the use of large screens around the perimeter of vineyards in order to protect the grapevines .
in cyprus , the ruling communist party did n't necessitate a revolution to be occurred by them , but by being elected to power and thus operate according to the norms of a multi - party system .
both the united states and european union are planning to impose limits to nitrogen oxide emissions , which necessitate the use of a special catalytic converter or treatment of the exhaust with urea .
this broader liability will likely necessitate interposing a us corporation between the aulc and the us parent corporation in those states where corporate groups can prepare consolidated tax returns or a single - member limited liabilty company in those states where consolidation is not available .
the motor cycle " road tested the model x in may 1937 and noted that the matchless the steering was light but even when cruising at over 60 mph it did " not become so light as to necessitate - use of the damper . "
dathema was one of many places in a similar plight , and seems , from the description of it , to have been strongly enough fortified to necessitate " an innumerable people bearing ladders and other engines of war " to take it .
more stringent level of service standards ( particularly in urban areas ) tend to necessitate the widening of roads to accommodate development , thus discouraging use by these alternatives .
to qualify as an item of knowledge , so the theory goes , a belief must not only be true and justified , the justification of the belief must " necessitate " its truth .
these matrix lcds necessitate integration of additional non - linear electronic elements into each picture element of the display ( e.g. thin - film diodes , tfds , or thin - film transistors , tfts ) in order to allow the addressing of individual picture elements without crosstalk ( unintended activation of non - addressed pixels ) .
since this dictionary was published , however , the subject has undergone further consideration and some development , which necessitate modifications in the definition given .
this would either necessitate very high current in the coils , or much higher ambient flux densities than are available in earth orbit .
thus , therapeutic strategies necessitate the identification of the molecular mechanisms underlying individual rtt phenotypes and picking out the candidates that can be therapeutically targeted .
by the 1990s , it was deemed necessary for an upgrade to be made to the centre block 's mechanical and electrical systems , which would necessitate a new plant for these amenities .
pulling stage coaches did not necessitate beauty , but endurance , efficiency and soundness .
the school motto is ex quoque potestate , cuique pro necessitate .
the gravel riverbeds , low average river flow , and lack of sufficient bridges both allow and necessitate the use of natural river crossings .
in some individuals , the large amounts of caffeine can induce anxiety severe enough to necessitate clinical attention .
typically this will necessitate both a clinical diagnosis , appropriate stress testing , and a coronary angiogram that meet the above criteria .
they often necessitate the purchase of foodstuffs at considerable cost to farmers to feed livestock .
another frequent characteristic of major appliances is that they may have substantial electricity requirements that necessitate special electrical wiring to supply higher current than standard electrical outlets can deliver .
rod oram commented that " national 's changes would drive up emissions , perpetuate old technology , necessitate ever - greater subsidies and reduce new zealand 's international competitiveness and reputation . "
a different simplified fixed - pitch coaxial rotor variant using a single gas motor has been proposed , which achieves yaw control with a traditional tail rotor , while the majority of the torque is being canceled by the counter - rotating rotors themselves , which can now share the same running gear ( mechanically interconnected ) and necessitate no differential speed control .
a number of other international agreements set norms and limits of behaviour , including behaviour in conflicts , that necessitate provisions in national legislation .
they argue that since the band contains thirteen members , one singer should not necessitate lipsynching by the entire group .
many areas have low ceilings and necessitate hands and belly crawling .
during the discovery phase of litigation , a large number of documents might necessitate the use of unique identifiers for each page of each document for reference and retrieval .
the factors that necessitate the creation of a subculture often forge the elements that make it unique and give it some form of cultural legacy in retrospect .
reservoir operation is a crucial aspect since both bhakra dam and pong dam projects necessitate their operation in an ' integrated manner ' to achieve optimal benefits of irrigation and power .
special circumstances such as an extended time between death and burial and transportation of remains on commercial flights that do not currently permit unembalmed bodies to travel may necessitate embalming .
this may necessitate either sod drainways , waterways , permanent drainways , etc .
however , as developments progressed in military aviation , the concept of an airplane observer changed to necessitate the redesign of the observer badge and a change in the eligibility criteria .
these conditions necessitate irrigation and make the vines work hard for nutrients .
it has been speculated that this was done to necessitate rapid income .
the first element was a report , written jointly by nick spencer of theos and denis alexander of the faraday institute , which set out to argue that darwinian evolution does not necessitate atheism and that christianity and evolution are compatible .
this situation was thought to necessitate a single span structure .
the amount of detail that goes into a simulation like this may necessitate spending a disproportionate amount of time in adjusting relatively minor parameters in order to achieve maximum efficiency .
due to the primitive means of transportation , if this meeting was to be more than a few miles ' distance from those attending , it would necessitate their leaving home for its entire duration , or as long as they desired to remain , and camping out at or near its site , as usually there were neither adequate accommodations or the funds necessary to obtain them .
the challengers face a systematically organised course parts of which necessitate the carrying of the bicycle on the shoulders .
thinkers of this approach believe that qualitative changes during the time , insufficient pattern in urban development plans to cater for the demands of society , globalization , and the necessity of adapting to changes with urban plans , necessitate the use of a new pattern in society .
these teams also evaluated the beaches looking for exits off the hostile beaches inland , for contingency measures if the marine landing force were to necessitate a retreat .
guildenstern can not understand why he and rosencrantz are so important as to necessitate their executions .
even assuming that this problem could be overcome , attempting to force anti - circumvention and anti - device provisions to fit the mold of the bundle - of - rights paradigm seems to necessitate adding a number of related rights to the bundle , including the exclusive right to apply a tpm to a copyright work .
however , at the time of the series ' events the severely reduced numbers of the night 's watch necessitate limited , irregular maintenance duty and complete ignorance of the wall 's magical qualities .
