after a single enlistment in the army in military intelligence , he worked in radio and banking until landing the job of news director and nightly news anchor at khsl - tv , the chico cbs affiliate .
be at our side on those nightly patrols ;
this module lasts for 8 weeks , and emphasizes on nightly operations .
he currently hosts the nightly " entertainment report " for jacksonville - based wjxt news at 10 .
the station carries live broadcast of ramayans that are conducted almost nightly in trinidad and tobago , various hindu religious observances , morning devotional programs , astrological readings , teaching of hindi , youth forums , vegetarian cooking , yoga , ayurveda medicine , current issues discussions , women 's issues , film , music romantic and religious .
on may 9 , 2007 , holt was named anchor of the weekend edition of " nbc nightly news " , succeeding john seigenthaler .
it was soon evident that the army had a serious discipline problem , with soldiers regularly pillaging the area around their nightly camps .
the numerous 30–50 minute long meditation periods are interleaved with short rest breaks , meals , and sometimes , short periods of work ( japanese : " samu " ) all performed with the same mindfulness ; nightly sleep is kept to a minimum , 7 hours or less .
she became the first woman to be a full - time anchor of a national nightly news broadcast in the united states when she became one of the first hosts of " all things considered " .
festival games in the nightly quarters .
the wall street journal , pbs , the today show , nbc nightly news , new york times , cnn , cbs - news , usa - today , the washington post , the economist , los angeles times , newsweek , boston globe , christian science monitor , and the san diego union - tribune have reported on serge ’s conservation activities .
nbc continued with a series of reports on the synanon situation on the nbc nightly news .
when john tesh left " et " on may 30 , 1996 , to pursue his music career , goen was promoted to nightly anchor alongside mary hart .
his band remained in demand playing nightly in both detroit and ann arbor .
garroway 's passing was noted on " nbc nightly news " with john chancellor , the man who replaced garroway on " today " 21 years earlier .
they watch a hand - reared male called sirocco broadcast his nightly booming calls .
at first it struck him as brilliant — the cure to his nightly tug - of - war with his son ’s demands for more stories — then the absurdity of his fast lifestyle called him to his senses .
the necessary changes were not initially available to end - users unless they downloaded and compiled the webkit source code themselves or ran one of the nightly automated builds available at opendarwin.org .
pauline fraser ( nee allan ) is a former newsreader and journalist for stv north 's nightly news programme , " north tonight " .
! televised ! ( in which they improvise over movie clips ) and a nightly show at the gilded ballon called carnival des phenomenes .
in 1998 , wrgt started their nightly 10 o'clock newscast ( known as " fox 45 dayton 's news source at 10 " ) using wkef 's news team .
keith 's obsession with television , and with the fast - forwarded , freeze - frame version of television that he screens nightly , and with his tabloid newspaper " the daily lark " , is so great that he becomes confused with reality .
he contributes nightly broadcasts of the closing value of the ftse 100 index of leading shares .
the show starred allan royal as journalist tom kirkwood , who chronicled the nightly police beat of detectives kevin o'brien ( scott hylands ) and frank giambone ( jeff wincott ) .
l'espalier serves dinner nightly , lunch mon .- fri . and tea on the weekends .
it is added as a nightly application of retin - a cream 0.05 - 0.1% to the beard skin while beard is growing out .
he was hired by legs mcneil as managing editor of the nightly tabloid television series , a current affair .
" the late news " is the nightly news programme broadcast monday to friday at 10:50pm , saturday & sunday at 11:30pm and monday to sunday at 11:00pm in hong kong by television channel atv home , hd atv , atv world .
at 13 , while attending camp jam , a rock n roll camp in 17 cities , chris was featured on national tv performing on cnn live with jeff carlisi , performed with the atomic punks ( the greatest van halen tribute band in the country ) , featured on fox 5 news , nbc nightly news , music newspapers such as vegas rocks and the las vegas sun , and quoted in people magazine .
with the aid of wei pu , shen planned to make a series of nightly astronomical observations over a period of five years .
on october 21 , 2007 , the station began producing a nightly 10 o'clock broadcast on mynetworktv affiliate wxsp - ca .
in 1991 , puplava was hired to anchor the nightly segment " business today " for kusi tv .
this appears to be a nightly ritual .
ken 's nightly hour - long football round up on newstalk reaches a wide audience , with an approximate audience share 12% in dublin and 6% nation - wide in 2008 .
itv nightly news return .
prior to becoming an executive producer at msnbc , griffin was the senior broadcast producer of " nbc nightly news " , where he oversaw domestic stories on a daily basis .
the eleven routes are run by private bus operators and allow for a nightly shutdown of the cityrail commuter rail network .
when the track made its debut on montreal radio station chom during the 20 october 1986 edition of the nightly radio show " rock and roll news " , dj randy renaud declared that by the next night , the song " amanda " by boston ( which had been holding on to the number one spot on chom 's charts for several weeks ) could " kiss the number one spot goodbye " .
higgins then introduces fallon , who begins his nightly monologue .
for many years , the fringe club ( variously in the high street and at teviot row from 1981 to 2004 ) provided nightly showcases of fringe fare to allow audiences to sample shows before purchasing tickets .
on march 21 , 2009 , dj demko played the entire song , " drown in the now " on his nightly radio show on z-104.5 , a radio station in tulsa , oklahoma .
•songs of the sea , $ 30-million nightly show featuring dramatic water , fire and high - tech laser effects opens on siloso beach .
soon the nazi air force arrives and begins its nightly work , bombing churches , places of business and homes , the work of five centuries destroyed in five seconds .
the line was also perceived as a slap at then-"nbc nightly news " main anchor john chancellor , who due to his background as a foreign correspondent , felt the network should weigh its news more heavily toward world events , keeping franco 's deathwatch at the top of the headlines .
after a nightly assault virna disappeared .
non - married students are held to nightly campus curfew , room curfew , and weekly room inspections .
the muslim chapel offers daily and nightly prayers , which attracts a core group of 30 individuals , with a mix of local icelanders and muslims from all over the world .
in fact , because his politically conservative commentaries became so popular , wral began pre - empting the last ten minutes of the abc evening network newscasts ( or , for a time in the late 1960s , nbc 's " huntley - brinkley report " ) , giving helms a ten - minute nightly program to himself .
on the pier itself is a nightly display of goods sold by local artisans such as jewelry , candles , and other gift items .
prior to the formation of the southern cross ten network , the canberra and north queensland stations broadcast one - hour nightly localised news bulletins .
at that time , her english was good enough to figure out the lucy show , but leave her clueless as to the nightly news report .
he is best known for his 7-year tenure as weekend anchor of nbc nightly news .
he does the nightly " sportstime " commentary on the cbs radio network and westwood one .
eventually , they began simulcasting wsyr 's nightly 11 o'clock news and added half - hour reports from the buffalo bills training camp produced by fellow abc affiliate and sister station wham in rochester .
also added was a nightly countdown show as well as american top 40 .
up until the first persian gulf war channel 3 was the only english language television station readily available and it was sometimes the object of humor for its airing of dated and censored entertainment programming , and a bland nightly news broadcast .
veteran wagga anchor doug hogan is tipped to stand down , after nearly 20 years presenting wagga 's nightly news live .
advertisers had been promised that the show would bring between five and six million viewers nightly .
the station also featured a one - hour progressive rock show nightly known as the “ gear hour ” , where the latest british music was featured .
during their stay down under they worked nightly at an upscale showroom called mario 's as the headline act and did two tv shows a week at station gtv 9 .
shortly thereafter , fox announced that it was starting mynetworktv , a programming service meant to fill the two nightly prime time hours that opened up on its upn - affiliated stations after the start of the cw .
it produced newscasts weeknights at 5:30 and nightly at 10 along with a sunday night sports highlight show .
during downtime , radio lincolnshire simulcasts bbc radio 5 live output including the nightly overnight show " up all night " , the early morning news programme " morning reports " at weekends and the third hour of the late show with richard bacon ( monday - thursday nights ) or stephen nolan ( friday - sunday nights ) .
norshteyn spent a year and a half making a 3-minute animation for the introduction to " spokoynoy nochi , malyshi ! " , a popular russian nightly show for young children to watch before they go to bed ( his segment was taken off the air in the summer of 2001 ; the show moved to another channel while the copyright for the sequence stayed with the old one ) .
the nbc nightly news featured the 1998 witi women in technology summit on its evening broadcast .
for twelve years , logan worked at an auto salvage yard , performing nightly at local bars .
thanks to her screen presence and attractive style , she was eventually promoted to the news anchor of the weekend " nbc nightly news " , and she also anchored " frontline " on pbs .
using specially - designed telescopes , hand - built or purchased from vendors like radio shack , scores of moonwatchers nightly monitored the skies .
after that halloween show , wolfman 's show was a nightly regular on xm 's ' 60s channel .
previously , quintanilla was an nbc news correspondent based in new york and chicago , and sometimes appears on " the today show " and " nbc nightly news with brian williams " .
jammin ' 10 at 10 ( 1/10/01 until 5/25/02 ) : this was a nightly radio show in which the top ten songs were counted down , from 10 to 1 .
local energy provider coned provides a cherry picker for the nightly lighting ceremony .
in the new york version she alternated nightly , not too amicably , with lady diana manners , another international beauty of the period .
examples of proops ' weird newscaster names are long lovingly , randy basket , red when excited , tongue deeply , laid nightly , salty basket , rock hard , and sick of " survivor " .
the channel features a nightly discussion programme " starkey 's last word " hosted by david starkey during the autumn line - up .
the eugene scene in the 1990s consisted of several bars , an anarchist teahouse , icky 's , and almost nightly basement shows .
fema director michael brown was criticized when he stated that he was not aware there were refugees in the convention center until september 1 , three days after hurricane katrina hit , when williams asked brown a question about them live on the nightly news .
as well as regular newsreading duties on the nightly look north programme , baines was also one of the main announcers for bbc north television during the 1970s and early 1980s when the bbc 's english regions utilised local continuity during peak time .
in order to insure the safety of the new field , nightly patrols and ambushes were conducted by idf forces .
during his rant , he criticized the giants for " brain - dead caribbean hitters hacking at slop nightly " and likened manager felipe alou 's mind to cream of wheat .
his shows occur at 7:00pm nightly except fridays and saturdays , with some exceptions .
in 2002 , nbc announced that brokaw would retire as anchor of the " nbc nightly news " following the 2004 presidential election , to be succeeded by brian williams .
this station has a nightly stop which every bus uses .
in 1960 pierre dumas walked into a hotel bedroom on his nightly tour of teams to find the italian , gastone nencini , prone on his bed with a plastic tube running from each arm to a bottle of blood .
every year the japanese meteorological agency and the public track the " sakura zensen " ( cherry - blossom front ) as it moves northward up the archipelago with the approach of warmer weather via nightly forecasts following the weather segment of news programs .
they tell of cronus ' ascension to the throne with his queen rhea , and his descent to madness after the furies torment him nightly with prophecies that he , like his father , would be overthrown by his son .
the park also attracted top country music stars to perform nightly concerts at the park 's premier venue , the chevrolet - geo celebrity theater , built in 1992 .
brought up in some of london 's poorest areas some gang members reportedly move from house to house on an almost nightly basis , making it hard to track them .
this fitted their ' bad - boy ' image and had a more practical outcome -- it was routine for the band to have their clothes and hair literally torn off by frantic fans , and the cost of buying expensive stage clothes which were being shredded nightly was sending them broke .
scott oversaw the conception and production of everything from the block party bash at disney 's california adventure to the daily parade of dreams along disneyland 's main street usa to the nightly " remember ... dreams come true " fireworks show , featuring a new flight by tinker bell .
with nbc refusing to rehire him , duggan accepted a job with abc as a nightly commentator on wbkb ( now wls - tv ) .
for two weeks every summer , the academy hosts vivace ! in which guest artists and students from around the world participate in concentrated classes and perform nightly concerts .
in a september 2006 with nbc nightly news anchor brian williams , ahmadinejad clarified his remarks , saying that when he called the holocaust a myth he was merely trying to communicate that it was not just jews that died , but millions of people and he wants to know why it is the palestinian people that have to pay for the nazis ' slaughter of the jewish people .
prior to the sunday programs , macneil was the co - host of " sunday report " , the nightly sunday national newscast .
failure to attend vice principal nero 's nightly six hour long concerts is dealt with by having to buy nero a bag of sweets and watching him eat them .
nightly performances are preceded by a full day of backstage schoolwork handled by his mother .
armed with gifts from the gods ( a sword , shield , and a helmet that renders its wearer invisible ) , perseus captures pegasus and follows andromeda 's shade on her nightly journey to learn a new riddle from calibos .
shortly after , there was a nightly live music and talk show called " unreal radio " , with lee sailer and zack zenor , from sailer 's dormitory room .
during her presidency , ms. webb appeared on fox television 's " the o'reilly factor " , " the today show " the " dr. laura " television program , and " nbc nightly news " .
it borders on a cold semi - arid climate ( köppen bsk ) due to the low average annual precipitation . because of ankara 's high altitude and its dry summers , nightly temperatures in the summer months are cool .
later , a nightly show called " sports tonight " went on the air in late night .
the scene was repeated , on an almost nightly basis , for the rest of the month .
she was also bass player in the hummingbirds , an all girl topless cover band which performed nightly at tipsy 's in north beach .
desiderio , though indifferent to the haunting apparitions , finds himself visited nightly by a glass woman , the manifestation of albertina , hoffman ’s daughter and desiderio ’s lover - to - be .
williams appeared on episode 4181 of the popular show sesame street on october 24 , 2008 as himself , working as a reporter for " sesame street nightly news " , reporting that " no one is sharing on sesame street " and taking part in the show 's story .
other shows hosted by bell include sports nightly on whdh - tv ( 1979 - 1980 ) , sports line on weei ( 1980 - 1984 ) , sports beat on wsbk - tv with joe fitzgerald , bob ryan , and bob lobel , the will and upton show with will mcdonough on wbz - tv ( 1984 - 1988 ) , and new england sportsphile in 1989 .
" good day live " broadcasts from 7 - 9 am , and ktmj also has a nightly newscast at 9 pm .
after her journalism career began with kyw - tv in philadelphia , pennsylvania , she co - anchored the " cbs morning news " with forrest sawyer from 1985 until 1987 , co - anchored nbc news 's " sunday today " and weekend editions of " nbc nightly news " from 1987 until 1989 , and was a contributing anchor on " dateline nbc " from 1989 until 2004 .
for the next week , the officers and men of " america " listened to the nightly news report over wamr - tv , the carrier 's closed circuit television station , and read every bit of news in the " daily eagle " .
until rhino reissued the whole series of original monkees albums in 1986 , the compilation was the only way to obtain several key monkees tracks in the mid - eighties , including " you told me " and " no time " ( from " headquarters " ) , " love is only sleeping " and " daily nightly " ( from " pisces , aquarius , capricorn , & jones , ltd. " ) , and "
however , chief executive donald tsang refused to support the campaign with a delay of the nightly light show , " a symphony of lights " , which started at 8 pm .
never in all my days have i seen such terrible things written in the skies as there have been nightly since this year began , ” he tells tirian . “
wqad was the first television station in the quad cities to be on the air 24 hours a day in the late 1980s / early 1990s and for awhile was the only 24 hour station in the quad cities as local competitors kwqc and kljb continued with their nightly sign - off and daily sign - on rituals either part of the time or all the time until the fall of 1997 when both stations finally followed suit and launched 24 hour schedules as well .
" the tonight show " and " nbc nightly news " continue to be broadcast on cnbc europe .
this morning , the cbs evening news , the nbc nightly news , dateline nbc , the today show ; he is now a regular mainstay on the discovery channel as dr. danger .
sommers discontinued playing music on his nightly show and commenced focusing all his energies on truck news , news and talk from his listeners .
mclaughlin also hosts " john mclaughlin 's one on one " , first telecast in 1984 , and from 1989 through 1994 , produced and hosted " mclaughlin " , a one - hour nightly talk show on cnbc .
when huntley retired from the anchor chair in 1970 , the evening news program was renamed " nbc nightly news " , and brinkley co - anchored the broadcast with john chancellor and frank mcgee .
users who have used ros have found that the system makes processing faster as returns are processed on a nightly basis .
he also hosted a nightly recap show on sirius radio during the 2006 wimbledon championships .
the train was made famous by wsm radio 's nightly broadcast of the passing train 's whistle .
its news and current affairs programs include " seputar indonesia " ( around indonesia ) and " buletin malam " ( nightly bulletin ) .
all of the different versions of the show , whether " otl sunday " , " otl nightly " or " otl first report " , share the same basic design .
it offers friday juma prayers every week and it is open for prayers nightly also .
some highlights from the tour included nightly " jams " with tour - mates radiobaghdad , who often covered rock classics such as ' 99 red balloons ' ( sung in german and english ) and ' stepping stone ' .
during that period , nbc 's nightly news was the recipient of numerous dupont - columbia , emmy and overseas press club awards .
in canada , there was plenty of coverage , including a nightly two - hour program on cbc , with an additional hour on local affiliate cbwt , french - language coverage on radio - canada , plus daytime coverage on tsn .
a 1970 newspaper article looked back on the tradition of turtle thievery with nostalgia , reporting that hogan 's fountain had by the 1970s become a nightly gathering place for hundreds of teenagers , who openly sold and used drugs , despite an increasing police presence , usually arresting youths on loitering charges and chasing out dealers of more serious drugs such as heroin .
biederman traditionally came to the wtcm studio ( almost nightly ) after the conclusion of the tv 7&4 newscast and recorded an editorial on topics of the day , and these editorials and his strong sense of local stewardship culminated ( among other things ) into a local college ( northwestern michigan college ) and other more abstract realities including the city power plant converting from coal to wood as a source of fuel .
as a citytv reporter , rajpal covered various stories for the channel 's prime - time nightly news including : federal elections , education strikes , municipal politics and the city 's homeless population .
after 40 shows the nightly show ended at the end of 2002 , and the pair did not broadcast any material in the following year .
political indoctrination continued throughout the vc main force fighter 's training , with nightly " criticism and self - criticism " sessions to eliminate error , and purge incorrect thought .
in 1830 london coaches from exeter left daily from the swan and from barnstaple nightly from the lamb inn , and there were corresponding services westwards .
she first learned to read using a wine of cardui calendar her mother received from a local druggist and she gained further practice by reading passages from a king james version of the bible with her sister and her mother on a nightly basis .
escaping from everyday life , shinichi secretly dresses up nightly as " zebraman " , the title character from an unpopular 1970 's tokusatsu tv series he watched as a child before it was canceled after the seventh episode .
two books from the series , " cutter 's treasure " and " the nightly neighbors " were actually adapted from two episodes of the same names in the show .
it is drawn nightly at the iowa headquarters of the multi - state lottery association ( musl , best known for powerball . )
here was a fine new building in the factory quarter , surrounded by recreation grounds , provided with one large theater , four smaller assembly halls , fifty rooms for club meetings , recreation and games , headquarters for trade unions , costing two million dollars , frequented daily — or rather , nightly — by five thousand persons as a daily average .
" e ! news " is the e ! network 's nightly entertainment news show .
at a party thrown by the forresters , nick agrees to accompany the lonely girl on a nightly drive to a romantic spot , where she kisses him .
alongside its own " eyewitness news " shows , wftv has also been producing a nightly 10 o'clock news ( " eyewitness news at 10 " formerly known as " action news at 10 " ) for sister station wrdq since 2000 .
by edith 's uncompromising regimen of nightly forced wearing of torturous leg braces and shoes , even over alice 's sobs , edith ensured that alice would grow up with almost no trace of the disability .
music is key in the atmosphere in the old triangle with live music almost nightly , featuring acts from the celtic / maritime sector ( evans & doherty , barry williams , 1749 , the crew , lazy jacks , pogey , mason 's tender , etc ) .
on shadmi 's initiative , the official nightly curfew in the twelve villages under his jurisdiction was changed from the regular hours .
the nightly express from johor baru usually reaches here at around 9 a.m. the " rantau panjang line " continues towards the north with a station in the border town of rantau panjang and links to the " southern line " of the state railway of thailand .
nightly insulin combines better with metformin than with sulfonylureas .
she also presided in public celebrations over the arrival of new relics of christian martyrs to the city and joined nightly vigils over the remains by herself .
as of 2010 , kumu 's direction has shifted to rhythmic adult contemporary and added a nightly " quiet storm " show , which replaced the syndicated " delilah " program .
most requiring a daily / nightly fee ( see coronado national forest official website for accurate and current details ) , though some do not .
in 2002 , he began writing for kimmel 's new late - night talk show on abc , " jimmy kimmel live " , where he made several appearances in addition to his main responsibility of working on the show 's nightly monologue .
in october of that same year , pretto moved to dallas , texas where she was hired to anchor with alexis brito at kuvn channel 23 's ( an univision affiliate ) 5:00 p.m. newscast , " cinco en punto " ( " five o'clock " ) and report for the late night newscast , " edición nocturna " ( " nightly edition " ) .
the city was shelled almost nightly from the georgian - held highlands , and more than 2,000 people are believed to have been killed .
the documentary aims to show the mass media bias as it juxtaposes original protest footage with those images shown on the nightly news .
in his role of son of ra , maahes fought the serpent apep during ra 's nightly voyage .
his run turned out to be relatively brief ; future " nbc nightly news " anchor tom brokaw would take over from him in 1976 , when walters left for abc .
marlene sanders is a female pioneer in broadcasting , and she has a number of firsts to her credit : the first woman to cover the vietnam war from the field ; the first woman anchor of a nightly newscast for a major network ; and eventually the first woman vice president of the abc news division .
then the weather improved and the nightly round of nine patrols was resumed .
rea briefly served as the co - anchorman on the nightly news at wwho , the columbus upn affiliate .
by 1941 , the audience for davis ' nightly five - minute newscast and comment was 12.5 million .
in order to maintain these rates , the company does not provide the amenities offered by more traditional nightly stay hotels , such as soap , shampoo , towel replacements , or daily housekeeping .
in mid - july 2007 however , planning for a nightly 10 o'clock newscast started with the posting of news department related jobs on wfff 's website .
during world war i , renié survived by giving lessons , and gave charity concerts almost nightly , going to a fund that gave immediately and anonymously to artists in need , even when battle was being fought 90 kilometers from paris and big bertha was bombarding the city .
a grade ii listed building , the hotel was originally built by ritz architects charles mewès and arthur davis and continues to function as a hotel today - renamed ' the jones hotel ' , its in - house theatre continues as the venue for nightly cabaret - style performances .
he entered hospital in auckland in mid - july 2005 to undergo nightly peritoneal dialysis in his battle with end - stage kidney - failure .
the show was canada 's first regular late - night marathon , running live nightly from after sign - off until 6:00 am .
the mylo remix of " breathe me " was also repeatedly used in their nightly segment " wall street crisis : is your money safe ? " during the economic crisis of 2008 - 2009 .
on april 14 , 2008 , boris casoy returned to national television on rede bandeirantes as the main anchor for its nightly newscast , jornal da noite .
when miss universe 2003 began , news changed nightly as to whether venezuela would participate .
in the summer of 2006 , she performed nightly in the evening grandstand show at the calgary stampede .
toward the end of his second time at the station bolaris was taken off the nightly newscasts , working mornings and weekends until his departure .
he plays guitar and performs nightly on the las vegas strip with jay white .
the song became a nightly staple on waky , regularly one of their top - requested songs each night for over 10 years .
on that date , cbs affiliate wgme began to produce a nightly 10 o'clock newscast on fox affiliate wpfo .
an agreement is reached , and missy returns from the grave nightly to help king uncover some of the mysteries from " them . "
the segments were produced by the cbs television network and broadcast nightly from july 4 , 1974 until december 31 , 1976 .
a curious tassera , or tally , was also found near this place ; these tallies were supposed to have been used in the roman armies , to distinguish each other from the enemy , and for setting the nightly watch . "
lowe made his debut at the hulme hippodrome repertory theatre , manchester in 1945 , where he was paid £ 5 per week for twice - nightly performances .
in his early years and before reaching fame , mike pender worked at a guitar shop as a day job in between playing nightly gigs with the searchers .
over the next 10 years , springer was the top rated news anchor in the city and the recipient of seven emmy awards for his nightly commentaries .
in addition to anchoring these two nightly newscasts , diaz plays an active role in a variety of special projects for cbs 2 .
ford was eulogized by former president george h.w. bush ( director of the u.s. liaison office in beijing and director of the cia in the ford administration ) , dr. henry kissinger ( secretary of state in the ford administration ) , former " nbc nightly news " anchor tom brokaw ( nbc white house correspondent during the ford administration ) , and by president george w. bush .
she is so sure of this that she resists family life within the loving embrace of missie , the davises , zach , and the community ; she sneaks out of missie ’s home nightly to reassure jacob that soon they will leave together .
the show also was featured in news stories on nbc nightly news and the early 1990s cnbc cable television show " equal time " co - hosted by mary matalin and jane wallace .
while at the weather channel , he has appeared on numerous network news programs , including nbc 's " the today show " and " nbc nightly news " , cbs 's " the early show " , " the cbs evening news " and " cbs sunday morning " , and abc 's " good morning america " , " world news tonight " , " nightline " and " world news now " .
" the 7.30 report " is an australian nightly television current affairs program , shown on abc1 at , mondays – thursdays .
she went on to anchor the nightly newscasts at wqad - tv in the quad cities and anchored the evening newscasts at wflx in west palm beach , florida before joining kshb - tv .
wbre then took over production of nightly prime time broadcasts on wolf - tv which expanded to an hour and were re - branded as " fox 56 first news at 10 " .
it quickly became a hit , and a new nightly syndicated version , " the $ 100,000 pyramid " , also with clark , was added in 1985 .
later , the " joy boys " became a nightly feature at 7 p.m. on wrc .
in october 2003 , after 25 to 30 prisoners were involved in a riot just before nightly lock - up that led to property damage and the injury of an officer , officials launched an inquiry .
crise presided over some 18 police officers as well as over a nightly traffic court .
the nightly cards were almost identical for the week , so they could be promoted by one tv show .
omni alberta produces three nightly television newscasts aimed at the cantonese , mandarin , and south asian communities across the province .
prime airs a nightly news bulletin — " prime news - first at 5:30 " .
winr - am was also host to the nationally syndicated nightly adult standards radio program " the clinton ferro program " starring clinton ferro from 2000 to 2002 .
ratigan also co - anchored " closing bell " , and hosted the nightly program " fast money " .
it was the radio station 's first song by a local band to hit on their nightly " top 9 at 9 " request show .
after that he worked as an editor and reporter at the most - seen german nightly news , the tagesschau .
since then , she occasionally fills - in as anchor on the weekday edition of the show and the " nbc nightly news " .
marash had previously worked at new brunswick , new jersey station wctc - am ( 1450 ) , where he hosted a nightly talk show , " dave marash on call . "
ratings slowly climbed to the point where " world news tonight " eventually beat both " nbc nightly news " and the " cbs evening news , " marking the first time ever that abc had the most - popular network evening newscast .
as such , " metal asylum " would feature the " ozzfest video of the day " on a nightly basis during the tour .
on one of his nightly rounds , devu is pursued by a cop and seeks refuge at a whorehouse run by a hooker sarasu , played to perfection by saritha .
mainframe providers also had to batch data nightly rather than process data in real - time .
overtown was a place known for its nightly entertainment , exotic restaurants and active churches .
schultz anchored nightly sports broadcasts , and became well known across the state for his high - energy radio and tv play - by - play of north dakota state university ( ndsu ) football and basketball games .
wemt 's nightly local newscast started on september 12 , 2005 and is produced by wcyb .
this arrangement ended in 2004 with the launch of a nightly 10 o'clock newscast on fox affiliate wfxg .
she has discussed her research findings on early learning and the brain on the today show , good morning america , cbs evening news , nbc nightly news , nhk , cnn , and in the new york times , time , and newsweek .
the list of reporters and others who worked on the program is long , a small sampling would include cnbc business correspondent scott wapner , fox news correspondent steve centanni , author warren corbett , former pbs nightly business report anchor cassie seifert , fnn corespondent bruce page , capitol hill reporters jim nash and dan kush , cnn market source business reporter claire leka , international broadcast producer and business correspondent everett banning , and many others .
" jerri hershey described in nowhere to run : they carried red suits , white suits , three piece lime green suits , all with matching patent boots and coordinated silk hankies woefully inadequate to absorb a soul man 's nightly outpourings .
" the story garnered national and international attention beginning on february 7 , 1978 , when the story was featured on the nbc nightly news with david brinkley .
the concept was to make the adult industry 's current popular and buzzworthy films available to subscribers on a nightly basis .
lance burton ( born william lance burton on march 10 , 1960 in louisville , kentucky ) is a stage illusionist who performs nightly in his own show at the monte carlo resort and casino in las vegas , nevada .
eventually , the heat between the bands and the fact that prince was getting increasingly insecure at the time ’s nightly great performances , led to prince dropping them from the tour altogether .
erbakan 's image was seriously damaged by his famous speech making fun of the nightly demonstrations against the susurluk scandal .
" extra " ( originally " brisbane extra " ) was a nightly tabloid local current affairs programme , broadcast on nine network queensland , every weeknight .
affiliate television and radio stations broadcast scott 's services and nightly teachings .
that evening , television host johnny carson walked on stage to deliver his nightly ' tonight show ' monologue wearing a turtleneck sweater and a collarless nehru jacket .
smalls and larue are ' visiting ' the club to check it out and report back to calhoun , who has received word that club sugar ray is outgrossing him on a nightly basis .
beginning with the 41st festival in 2007 , nightly performances of headliners were again moved mainly to the convention centre , although the casino still hosts the odd one - off show .
for tokyo disneysea , he composed the score for " braviseamo ! " , the pyrotechnics and water nightly show in 2004 .
listeners are invited to submit topics by email and telephone for discussion on the programme between 2230 and 0030 nightly .
he joined melbourne radio station 3aw for the 2006 melbourne commonwealth games to call athletics and co - host the nightly " sports today " show entitled " the games today " for the 11 days of competition .
encouraged by jessie , the morse family held relatively formal nightly discussions about crops , animals , education , religion , and most frequently about politics .
during their performances , the dead valued musical improvisation , jamming extensively , and they changed their set lists nightly .
unlike typical jumping spiders , they do not make nightly web shelters .
in august 1998 , wral began to produce newscasts on wraz starting with a nightly 10 o'clock broadcast .
food is provided , at least in part , by members of the community , thereby creating nightly potluck dinners .
presented by conor hunt , joe magraoillaigh and sandra hurley one per edition , it transmits nightly highlights of that day 's proceedings in the national parliament of ireland , known as the oireachtas .
in march 2001 , wivb began airing a nightly 10 o'clock newscast on wnlo known as " the 10 o'clock news " .
not only does he paint it ; he now accompanies the fishermen on their nightly routine on a more or less regular basis and then sleeps during most of the day .
prior to joining cnn , he reported for cnbc and nbc programs , including the weekend editions of nbc nightly news and today , as well as for msnbc and wnbc .
pete white , the college station 's disc jockey , reads a fake dedication declaring mike 's love for leslie and that he masturbates nightly while thinking about her ( which present - day pete rebuffs that he was removed from his position for reading that ) .
due to the use of the hilltop as a nightly party stop for boy racers and other ( often drunk ) groups of youths , it was decided in 2008 to close off the road access to the summit at night .
mackenzie introduced features such as nightly editions of ' topless darts ' ( featuring topless women playing darts on a beach ) , ' the weather in norwegian ' ( with a young , typically blonde and bikini - clad scandinavian woman presenting weather forecasts in both english and norwegian ) , other weather forecasts featuring dwarfs bouncing on trampolines and stock exchange reports presented by tiffany , a young female presenter who would strip naked as she read out the latest share prices .
on monday , july 28 , 2008 , the cbs evening news began broadcasting in high definition , becoming the third national newscast , behind nbc nightly news and news hour with jim lehrer to do so .
sara lee kessler is the former anchor for new york city 's channel 9 nightly local broadcast news program in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
long - running programmes included a nightly saga - sponsored " classic hour " and " melody showtime " , a tribute to songs from musical theatre , later replaced by " nice and easy " , which featured many of the artists that had formed melody 's core playlist in 1990 .
in the act , the abc produces a nightly 7 pm state news bulletin " abc news canberra " , presented by virginia haussegger on weeknights and craig allen on weekends .
currently , nightly news with brian williams is the most watched newscast in the united states .
within less than six months of the launch of teilifís na gaeilge , almost 65% of the republic 's television sets were able to receive the channel and the nightly audience reach had risen to 250,000 viewers .
the following year in 1971 , discussions were held to feature a polynesian cultural center complete with artificial ocean with six islands and a volcano that would erupt nightly .
daily high : 20.6°c ( 69°f ) nightly low : 10.7°c ( 51°f )
a local landmark , the bar is popular for its nightly live music , especially blues and bluegrass .
the nightly news , lieven de boeck , absolutearts , january 2007
announcers bob costas and mike fratello speculated it was to honor teammate mark west who was not picked to participate in the 40th all - star game , despite his valuable contributions on the boards and in the trenches for the suns on a nightly basis .
her antiaircraft guns fought off almost nightly air attacks and bombing raids , and each night almost constant illumination fire was thrown up to prevent surprise attacks ashore .
people have attributed changes to such a nightly routine or similar employment of autosuggestion , for example , increased confidence , the conquering of life - long fears , heightened mental faculties ( e.g. , ability to calculate mathematics or read at a quicker rate ) , eradication of diseases or infections from one 's body , and even improved eyesight and growing taller .
finally locating his idol , davis became one of the cadre of musicians who held nightly jam sessions at two of harlem 's nightclubs , minton 's playhouse and [ kkmonroe 's .
the venerable leo dupont initiated the nightly adoration of the blessed sacrament in tours in 1849 , from where it spread within france .
as of february 2 , 2009 , brian kenny also hosts the nightly espn radio show " the brian kenny show , " which airs from 8 p.m. until 10 p.m. nationally .
to compensate for the closure , classic fm broadcast a nightly jazz programme between midnight and 2 am , but this ceased in late september 2008 without warning .
being out of the house on nightly stakeouts actually suits will just fine , allowing him to get away from the cold atmosphere of his household .
in 2003 , bay news 9 introduced " the 7:00 news , " a prime - time newscast that provides breaking news , the day 's top stories and a national news segment called ' the nightly news digest ' .
