these parties nominate all candidates for office and hold all seats in the supreme people 's assembly .
100,000 to not nominate waseem akhter , sindh home adviser in the attack .
williams had already resigned citing lack of time ( later accepting the role at sandringham ) and under the terms of the agreement , carlton retained the right to nominate one of their assistant coaches , eventually barry mitchell , as his replacement .
the committee only contains 5 labour members and one independent member as opposed to the 9 members from various parties as was agreed in the original regional committee establishment motion of 12 november 2008 , as the conservatives and liberal democrats refused to nominate any members as a sign of their opposition to the existence of regional committees .
two subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate race described here .
as a result only " koil thampuran"(a namboothiri ruler ) could nominate the " karanavar " .
it is the team captain 's responsibility to give the answer to the bonus questions unless another member of the team is specified with the phrase " nominate [ name ] " .
housemates have to nominate 2 people for eviction .
two subspecies are recognised ; the smaller " nana " from north queensland and the larger and uncommon nominate race " capito " from southeast queensland and northeastern new south wales .
in 2008 , the republican party declined to nominate a candidate in the 2008 senate election in arkansas .
this meant that once any interested party had secured control of the corporation it was generally easy to maintain , and the owner or " patron " of the borough usually had total power to nominate both the mps .
previously it was assumed that the president would nominate the candidate who in a third round of voting would have gained a relative majority , usually the leader of the largest party .
the head of household vote ( casted in front of the other housemates ) automatically nominate one housemate from eviction .
disregarding the nominate subspecies , it is the first giant panda subspecies to be recognised .
the socialist workers party filed a petition to nominate candidates headed by farrell dobbs for governor .
the consortium brings together senior faculty from information systems ( many of whom were participants in past consortia ) and ~40 doctoral students , selected from ~120 nominations ( each university or institution is allowed to nominate only one participant ) .
each week the housemates must nominate two of their fellow housemates for eviction .
the opposing clans ( including sa natuitasina and sa talavou ) claim they did not nominate fa'amausili unanimously ; a claimant from new zealand named ronald pomare papali'i lafo has named himself the rightful heir to the malietoa title .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
race " maderaspatensis " of the eastern ghats is intermediate in plumage between the nominate form and " obscurus " .
the nominate western form " t. s. squamata " has black - brown upperparts with a slight greenish gloss .
half way through the season nominations made a return after the eviction process was reverted to the original format in which the housemates nominate and the public may vote to evict .
the ccf concluded that it did not have a chance of victory in either seat , and declined to nominate candidates .
he expressed the desire to hold another national convention to nominate candidates for the presidency and vice presidency .
the state still only had one senator , and the governor was hoping the have the assembly elect one , and nominate jesse d. bright to return to the senate .
each week housmates nominate two other housemates for eviction in the diary room and must give justified and clear reasons .
after meeting up with katie on the pontoon , he promises to nominate himself , but when he returns to sharks he changes his mind " again " and decides he wants to remain a shark for good !
the nominate subspecies is found near rivers in the amazon basin , while the subspecies " bodini " , is found near the orinoco river .
since the hōjō family did n't have the rank to nominate a shogun from among its members , masako had to find a convenient puppet .
this includes " orange eye " " aka " " white - lipped " ( generally consider typical of the nominate subspecies ) where the male is relatively small and mainly green or turquoise but with yellow or orange eyelids , " yellow lip " where the male is somewhat larger and mainly green or turquoise , but with a yellow edge to the mouth , " yellow giant " where the male is very large and overall yellowish ( strongly marked with dusky when stressed ) , and " green giant " where the male is overall green .
he chose to nominate marcelo .
both are relatively small and have red on the shoulder like " a. oratrix " , but unlike nominate " a. auropalliata . "
the countries that nominate themselves make presentations and participants vote for the winner .
at private parties , it is typically the host 's role to act as a dungeon monitor or to nominate an attendee to serve in that capacity .
the two major puerto rican political parties , the popular democratic party and the new progressive party , usually nominate six candidates for each chamber , while the much smaller puerto rican independence party runs single - candidate slates for both the senate and the house of representatives .
it is the extinct nominate subspecies of the long - tailed triller which was endemic to norfolk island , an australian territory in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand .
after the influential republican member of the u.s. senate judiciary committee sen. orrin hatch informed clinton that he had intended to oppose edelman 's nomination , clinton dropped plans to nominate edelman to the d.c. circuit , choosing merrick garland instead .
however , housemates will still nominate individually .
however , it remains pragmatic for monarch to nominate a candidate who is most likely to enjoy the confidence of the congress of deputies and form a government , usually the political leader whose party commands the most seats in the congress .
three subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate subspecies described here .
the voting table below records whom each housemate voted to nominate on the diary room during his or her time in the house .
yet , it is rare for third parties to nominate candidates for certain offices , especially the state legislative , because state primary rules require a minimum number of primary voters before an organized party 's candidate can go onto the general election .
each member would nominate nine candidates , of whom three had to have the rank of earl or higher , three the rank of baron or higher , and three the rank of knight or higher .
any member may nominate deserving cadets or officers and the award , except that awards concerning commanders must be initiated at a higher command level .
should the state duma refuse to give its approval , the president will have to nominate another ( or the same ) candidate within one week of the rejection of the previous candidate .
on december 19 , 2008 , then - president - elect barack obama announced that he would nominate ray lahood to be the next transportation secretary .
he first came to prominence in october 1946 , when muhammad ali jinnah , leader of the all - india muslim league , was asked to nominate members of the muslim league for the interim government of india at the time of the transfer of power from british rule to independence .
the issue on whether the presidential role in the nomination is purely ceremonial , that is whether he has to nominate the candidate offered to him by a coalition or whether he can refuse and , thus force the coalition to come up with a different nomination , remains unresolved as of august 2006 and is a matter of an intense political debate .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
nominate race " palustris " : black cap and nape with a blue sheen visible at close quarters .
the leading team gets to choose to attempt the wall or nominate the opposition .
the nominate subspecies , " t. m. monastus " , is found on montserrat . "
at this time billy was only a guest in the house and could not nominate .
california uses a heavily modified version in which the governor can theoretically nominate any california attorney who has practiced for ten years .
the nominate subspecies from myanmar might be extinct already .
the nominate subspecies was restricted to cyprus in 1928 by mertens and müller and so does not actually occur in the levant region .
, having refused the larger sum of 20,000 at first offered to him , and on 20 april 1661 , on the occasion of the coronation , he was created baron delamer , with a licence to nominate six new knights .
the afil party was asked to nominate representatives to the convention .
the socialist party usa was the first american political party to nominate an openly gay man for president , running david mcreynolds in 1980 .
the joint statement stated that " the assembly will meet to nominate the first and deputy first minister on 24 november . "
members of the circle nominate themselves or other members of the circle and present reasons for their choice .
if an opponent fouls before any balls are potted , and leaves the player a free ball , the player can then nominate a colour and play it as a red ball .
five subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate race described here .
housemates nominate for 2 points ( top of box ) and 1 point ( bottom of box ) .
president barack obama announced his intention to nominate griffin as deputy director of the united states office of personnel management on april 17 , 2009 .
his lakas - kampi - cmd party did not nominate a candidate to run in this district .
george galloway and preston , after breaking the " no discussing nominations " rule were called to the diary room to nominate three of their fellow housemates together .
with the secession of northern ireland from the irish free state back to the united kingdom , in accordance with the treaty it fell to the governments of the united kingdom , the irish free state and northern ireland to nominate members to a boundary commission to delineate the precise border between the irish free state and northern ireland .
in round four of nominations only male housemates were allowed to nominate .
users will have a chance to nominate their favorite contestant and in the process enter for a chance to meet her .
the completely allopatric subspecies " mandellii " ( mandell 's leaf - warbler or eastern hume 's warbler ) – sometimes separated as a full species , in which case the nominate subspecies is called western hume 's warbler – occurs on the eastern tibetan plateau .
he was then allowed to nominate .
on 25 may , cromwell ratified a modified humble petition and advice saying he would nominate his successor , as lord protector .
cross first heard of the scrolls while a student at johns hopkins university when he was shown pictures of the isaiah scroll by william f albright , one of his lecturers , who later was to nominate cross to join the scrolls editorial team .
the liberal party gathered 51,015 signatures and filed a petition to nominate candidates with the secretary of state on september 2 .
duane faced further criticisms after he was appointed a justice of the peace and nominate as the labour party candidate in the local elections .
it has a prominent , fan - like tail flattened sideways , and its plumage is mainly blackish , but with a bare red head , and a yellow ( in the nominate subspecies ) or purple wattle ( in " a. l. purpureicollis " ) .
they then have to decide to either ' play ' and answer the question or ' pass ' and nominate another contestant to answer that question .
in its first stage , several thousand people are asked to nominate candidates .
ross was able to nominate several witnesses who had seen him tending his saloon on the afternoon of alma 's death , and who would confirm that he had not left the premises , but the police remained convinced that he had killed alma , and on 12 january 1922 they arrested him for murder .
the nominate form , " m. n. nudipes " , was originally described in 1800 by french ornithologist françois marie daudin in " traite elementaire et complet d'ornithologie , ou histoire naturelle des oiseaux " as " otus nudipes " .
in the district of neubau they won 32.55% and were able to nominate the " bezirksvorsteher " ( mayor of the district ) .
the donation of the ground was enough to persuade the club members to nominate mr buxton as their first president !
without hesitation , moe and larry nominate curly for the contest , and go about looking for a cow to practice milking on .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
occasionally presidents will nominate magistrate judges for district judge vacancies .
thus crossover voting has been used by voters to cast votes in the party a voter is opposed to in order to nominate a candidate which can be more easily beaten by the candidate the voter actually supports .
this term is then used again , to describe the senate 's role in the appointment of public officials , immediately after describing the president 's duty to nominate such officials .
the pre - season draft is a place for any uncontracted players to nominate that missed the afl draft or who were delisted after the main draft .
in the thirteenth round of nominations there was a tie in both the nomination and hoh vote , therefore it was left up to kostas to choose between ana and konstantinos to nominate and alexandros and konstantinos for hoh .
each week housemates have to each nominate two members ( of their own team ) and the one from each team with the most nominations faces the public vote to save .
the fa had previously stated that they would not nominate cardiff for a place in europe should they earn one on the grounds that they do n't have the option .
there were also brief runs of versions for celebrities and for juniors , where each state 's department of education was asked to nominate one high school , and those schools each sent one boy and one girl to qualifying rounds , with the final aired on tv .
after what many statehood supporters perceived as a defeat in the 1980 election , a movement started to get the new progressive party to nominate a new candidate for the 1984 election .
the second group lost the competition lost the competition and had to nominate one member of their own group to join mauricio , and they chose eduardo .
for the fisrt time , the party members were called to nominate their candidate for presidency .
the nominate subspecies , " t. h. hottentottus " , which is confined to coastal fynbos in south africa , has pale irides and a paler rump .
all clans nominate a warchief , who commands the military forces of a clan .
western populations from western mali and the ivory coast are smaller and shorter - tailed than the nominate form , " o. n. neumanni " , and are assigned to the subspecies " o. n. modicus " .
in early january 2010 , strache guaranteed that the fpö would nominate a candidate if necessary to assure that fischer would not run unopposed .
those who nominate the grand prize winner in each category receive cherokee medical uniforms and a donation of $ 500 to the nonprofit organization of their choice .
ccai is known for its annual angels in adoption award , which allows members of congress to nominate a constituent for their work in the adoption , foster care , and child welfare community .
this week housemates were asked to nominate the two housemates they saw as the biggest threat to them winning brother .
the whig state legislators met in caucus on january 31 , 1839 , to nominate candidates for state offices .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
universities are allowed to nominate only four undergraduate students per year to receive the final scholarship .
the parties may anticipate the possibility of a dispute and nominate a special referee as the most appropriate form of dispute resolution ( see forum selection clause ) .
president barack obama chose to nominate james a. wynn , jr. to the seat in 2009 .
on 27 november 2008 , the svp 's parliamentary group decided to nominate former federal councillor christoph blocher and former party president ueli maurer as candidates for schmid 's seat .
during mfh ’s inaugural year , a committee was formed to nominate board members .
the player must nominate whether the island will be a resource island , a factory island , or a defence island .
fish of the nominate subspecies used to inhabit particularly the volga , ural and terek rivers , and migrate up to upstream from the caspian to their spawning grounds in the spring .
peculiarly , it is absent from a small section of the amazon river immediately east of manaus in brazil ; this " hole " in its distribution also forms the border between the western nominate subspecies ( " brotogeris s. sanctithomae " ) and the eastern " b. s. takatsukasae " .
vogel initiated the vogel immigration scheme ( 1871 - 1888 ) in which any new zealand resident could nominate any british resident to immigrate to new zealand for free if they qualified under the criteria .
parties may nominate candidates from outside their own constituency , and even norwegian citizens currently living abroad .
the mukojima white - eye ( " apalopteron familiare familiare " ) , incorrectly known as the mukojima honeyeater , is the extinct nominate subspecies of the bonin white - eye ( formerly bonin honeyeater ) .
each spring , juniors can nominate themselves and their peers to become a prefect or proctor .
however , while the georgian envoys were in st petersburg still negotiating the terms of the new treaty , paul i decided to annex the kingdom outright and , in november 1800 , wrote to the russia commander in tiflis : " the weakening of the king ’s health gives ground for expecting his decease ; you are therefore immediately to dispatch , as soon as this occurs , a proclamation in our name that until our consent is received no action should be taken even to nominate an heir to the georgian throne . "
therefore , the next day , big brother punished him by sending him to jail , meaning he could not nominate .
on january 29 , 1961 , shortly after president john f. kennedy ’s inauguration , surgeon general burney stepped down from his post to give the new democratic administration the opportunity to nominate its own choice for surgeon general .
the attempts to nominate mendeleev in 1907 were again frustrated by the absolute opposition of arrhenius .
his papacy began in a time of great difficulties , chiefly caused by the disputes between catholic rulers and the papacy about governmental demands to nominate bishops rather than leaving the appointment to the church .
in 1890 it came to light that president balmaceda had decided to nominate a close personal friend as his successor .
denney could easily have reappointed him , but instead chose to nominate josiah o. wolcott to the post .
where a candidate does not nominate an agent , they are their own agent .
the nominate race " leucocephalus " ( j. f. gmelin , 1789 ) is found north and east of the himalayas in south eastern china , myanmar and indochina .
the nominate form breeds in northern asia from mongolia to siberia and winters in south asia , myanmar and the malay peninsula .
six subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate subspecies described here .
on august 23 , 1859 , the hall was the site of a local republican party convention to nominate a state senator .
cap squadron commanders may nominate one cadet officer each year for the award by submitting a nomination to the vfw detailing the cadet 's accomplishments and certifying that cadet officer is in good standing academically , progressing satisfactorily in the cap cadet program , demonstrated outstanding achievement in community service and the cadet program ( aerospace and leadership ) .
the adult of the nominate european subspecies is 40–50 cm ( 15.7–19.7 in ) long with a 77–85 cm ( 30.3–33.5 in ) average wingspan , and weighs 692–925 g ( 25–33 oz ) .
the nominate subspecies , and one of the few that is not found in the united states or canada .
three subspecies , " femoralis " ( nominate ) , " robinsoni " and " percura " , are recognized here , but the taxonomy is complex and disputed , and it has also included " p. natunae " , " p. siamensis " and " p. chrysomelas " as subspecies , or alternatively all these ( including " p. femoralis " ) have been considered subspecies of " p. melalophos " .
for example , " motacilla alba alba " ( often abbreviated " motacilla a. alba " ) is the nominate subspecies of the white wagtail ( " motacilla alba " ) .
at the beginning of the ppp 's campaign in jakarta on may 10 , senior party official djufrie asmoredjo again stated that the ppp would nominate suharto for the presidency , with general try sutrisno as his deputy .
the liberal party did not nominate anyone as their candidate in this district .
however , his death on september 1 left the democratic party without a nominee and the executive committee decided to nominate state senator edgar a. brown as their candidate for the election .
it is traditional in turkish cypriot presidential elections for political parties to nominate individuals as their candidate , although the number of independents have increased in recent polls .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
it was previously considered unthinkable for a high - profile chinese language music awards show to nominate independent artists in its major categories .
both the houses of the state legislature jointly nominate members of parliament to the rajya sabha .
with much persuasion by howie , james , will , and mike , janelle finally agreed to nominate her good friend marcellas .
a mr elkey of the british commonwealth party also arrived at bristol city hall in order to nominate himself , but after discovering that lloyd was on the ballot paper , he decided not to stand .
this incident highlighted that governors - general no longer primarily ( if at all ) represented the interests of the british government and confirmed the right of a commonwealth prime minister to nominate the governor - general of his choice .
any person can nominate an individual for the award .
fourteen days after the government of the republic resigns , the president must nominate a candidate for prime minister .
the cuckoo - roller has a total length of 40–50 cm ( 16–20 in ) , with nominate being largest , and " l. d. gracilis " smallest .
after the nomination of croitoru , antonescu , a candidate in the presidential election , stated that he would nominate iohannis as prime minister if elected president .
geoană announced he would nominate klaus iohannis as prime minister if he won .
the main distinctions between these is size : " nigrescens " is the smallest of the three and " melanoptera " is the largest ; both are slightly darker than the nominate race .
they were the first party to officially nominate .
" c. g. fitzroyi " is similar to the nominate race but lacks the yellow on the ear tufts and slightly blueish skin around the eye . "
after the first split , it was the nominate subspecies of the so - called " mediterranean shearwater " for nearly ten more years ; it is considered a monotypic species nowadays , as the balearic form " mauretanicus " has been separated as balearic shearwater .
in the 1926 election , a total of 11 candidates ran as liberal progressive : eight in manitoba ( the entire progressive contingent who had decided to nominate joint candidates with the liberals ) , all of whom were elected , and three unsuccessful candidates in ontario .
in round one of nominations housemates had to nominate one of the four housemates who did not have immunity .
there are three subspecies , the nominate , " honrathiana " martin , 1892 ( montane plateau of sumatra ) and " parrottei " deslisle , 1989 ( s. sumatra ; mt dempo ) .
prime ministers normally choose members of their own parties to be senators , though they sometimes nominate independents or members of opposing parties .
prior to the dissolution of the party , most had expected the whigs would nominate morehead at their own party 's convention in april .
a rule giving shareholders the right to nominate candidates for corporate boards of directors .
she was appointed chair of the review group examining the operation of the crown appointment commission , the body which nominate diocesan bishops .
there are eight generally recognised extant subspecies of red - billed chough , and two of alpine , although all differ only slightly from the nominate forms .
the nominate form is found in the western ghats north of the nilgiris while " hyperythra " found south of the nilgiris is said to be more richly coloured .
more recent work by evans has supported this classification , with " monticola " more closely allied with the nominate subspecies than with " compar " .
before president richard nixon could formally nominate him for the u.s. supreme court , poff withdrew ( before nomination reached the senate ) .
the self - described " special situations investment fund management company " has previously attempted to gain control of derby county and manchester city ; former footballer ray ranson was involved with both bids , and sisu intended to nominate him for a place on the southampton board .
if a debtor were seized for debt , he could nominate as " mancipium " , or hostage to work off the debt , his wife , child , or slave .
after senators from the south came out in support of his nomination , the reagan administration , unwilling to allow the senators to both prevent the appointment of bork and dictate the next nominee , declined to nominate higginbotham .
in addition , the home nation which is staging the event may nominate up to 3 " wildcard " drivers to take part .
in addition to the well - known nominate subspecies found throughout most of the species ' south american range , there are two more localized subspecies : " rubrigularis " from southern central america and the chocó has an overall paler plumage and typically a relatively distinct pinkish patch on the throat , and " reichenowi " from the atlantic forest in east brazil has a paler bill and most of the underparts blue .
" kiválasztás ( selection ) " : housemates had to nominate one fellow housemate in front of each other , live on rtl klub .
the party did not participate in the 2008 election as it did not provide the thousand dollar deposit to nominate a party list .
obama and mccain gave different answers on which justices they would have refused to nominate to the united states supreme court , mccain saying ruth bader ginsberg , john paul stevens , stephen breyer and david souter , and obama saying clarence thomas and antonin scalia .
the senior was tasked with defense of borders , the right to have troops in provinces of other dukes , carrying out foreign policy , supervision over the clergy ( including the right to nominate bishops and archbishops ) , and minting of currency .
marino keulen will ask the municipal councils of these municipalities to nominate a new mayor for appointment .
it has brown upperparts which are warmer in tone than those of the nominate form , an olive - tinged rump and rich yellow background colour to the underparts .
but , most notably , the office of lord protector was still not to become hereditary , though cromwell was now able to nominate his own successor .
the two returning housemates - marco and maja - were immune from nomination in their first week back in the house , however they could nominate .
changes to the zanzibar constitution in april 2002 allowed both the ccm and cuf parties to nominate members to the zanzibar electoral commission .
if an institution participates in both the college and the university divisions , it may nominate a total of three men and three women between the two divisions .
his highness " the lord protector’ the power to nominate his successor .
the nominate subspecies ' winter range extends from the coastal lowlands of central sinaloa and southern veracruz south to northern colombia and northwestern venezuela ( scharf and kren 1996 ) .
in 1908 , he served as a delegate to the republican national convention from michigan to nominate william howard taft as u.s. president .
however , the court settlement entitles chairman of board of trustees of sir mohammed yusuf family trust and the president of anjum - i - islam , mumbai , to nominate 20% if the number of students to be admitted as new entrants in the college every year .
these include the nominate from along the sub - himalayan range in india and nepal , " melanotis " in peninsular india , " spilogaster " of sri lanka , " burmanicus " further east , " ricketti " in vietnam and china and " malayensis " of the malay peninsula .
the nominate subspecies subspecies " d. n. nipalense " breeds in the himalayas from garhwal east through nepal , northeastern india and bangladesh as far as western burma .
a recent review failed to support the distinction of two separate subspecies , leading to " simaoensis " being treated as a synonym of the nominate in handbook of the birds of the world .
on may 26 , 2009 , obama announced that he would nominate sotomayor to the court , with her formal nomination following on june 1 .
each high school is permitted to nominate one student per category .
nominate orchard orioles depart from their winter habitats in march and april and arrive in their breeding habitats from late april to late may. usually , they leave their breeding territories in late july and early august and arrive on their winter territories in mid august .
in the mid 18th century the joint patrons were lord ilchester and the earl of shaftesbury , who generally agreed to nominate one member each rather than bringing about a contested election which would allow the voters scope to demand bribes .
the nominate male bornean crested fireback , " lophura ignita ignita " of borneo and bangka island has a brown central tail feathers , whitish legs and reddish brown below .
any political party whose candidate for governor , during the 2006 election , garnered at least 20 percent of the total votes cast , must nominate all its candidates for all offices sought via primary election .
the chief executive could nominate only four of the nine ministers from his own party faction ; the general assembly selected the other five through separate votes in both chambers .
later that year , the governor agreed to allow settlers to elect men whom he would then nominate to the western australian legislative council .
knowing that the large majority of assemblymen would outvote the senators on joint ballot , the anti - spencer senate majority took refuge to the only means to defeat spencer : they did not nominate anybody , so that a joint ballot could not be held .
big brother decided to automatically nominate rico for eviction after the latter showed unpleasant behavior inside his house .
the president must recover the photo before the democratic party convention which is about to nominate him .
on karuppan ’s incessant persuasion government agreed to nominate p.c.chanchen , a pulaya leader , as mlc and karuppan tendered his resignation to make way for chanchen .
a peculiar case is the colorado alpine , the nominate subspecies of " erebia callias " .
p. m. newtoni " is like the nominate race but has a slightly longer bill , the mantle is slightly deeper green , less white on the tail tips , and the ventral mid - line stripe broader on the belly . "
the " auriculata " and " chiriquensis " groups are further separated from the nominate and " velata " groups by the andes mountains .
in this manner , a user may nominate any two numbers to be connected .
the " independent people 's " state convention met on september 10 at syracuse , new york with the intention to nominate a ticket which would be endorsed by the republican state convention which was due to meet at the same city on the following day .
" * ) not including the nominate subspecies . "
during nominations housemates could not nominate any of these housemates .
derbez 's nomination came as a surprise to chile , because it was mexico who had proposed chile to nominate insulza .
on january 9 , 2007 , the white house announced that it would not re - nominate boyle .
the amount of yellow to the head varies , with nominate , " nattereri " and " panamensis " having yellow restricted to the crown - region ( occasionally with a few random feathers around the eyes ) , while the subspecies " xantholaema " has most of the head yellow .
july 6 , 1994president announces his intention to nominate marc l. marks as commissioner of the federal mine safety and health review commission
there were suggestions that oakeshott would stand as an independent candidate at the 2004 federal election against his former boss and national party leader mark vaile in the seat of lyne , but he did not nominate as a candidate .
summarizing his convention experience , in the " quote of the day " , workman stated , " if we nominate george w. bush and he goes on to become one of the great presidents , then i can tell my kids i was there .
work commissioned by the west australian national trust led it to nominate the site for the national trust endangered places list in 2002 .
the player who wins the toss , may serve , receive or nominate the opponent chose .
because of ransom 's strong anti - slavery position , the state democratic party did not re - nominate him for governor in 1850 .
it is not known to be threatened but the nominate subspecies is protected by law in india .
the nominate taxon ( " p. f. flavirostris " ) is found in atlantic forest in south - eastern brazil , eastern paraguay and argentina ( misiones only ) .
the group behind the campaign was attempting to lobby the president to nominate prado instead of a nominee who might be considered more conservative .
the subspecies " c. t. rufipennis " of central america , colombia , venezuela , trinidad and tobago shows much more cinnamon on the underwing than the nominate
each team or group must be able to nominate others to higher positions and this practice should be carried on right up to mp level .
the executives of the northern counties of dutchess , orange , rockland , and putnam also nominate a member each , but these members cast one collective vote .
the nominate race is from the lowlands of sri lanka .
in the elections of 1898 the liberals nominate an expansionist , governor douglas sizer of manitoba .
magnuson requested that bill meléndez , a chairman for the academy award animation nominations , nominate the film .
eisi , who was evicted in the last eviction , had to choose one person to nominate two people for eviction as " revenge " for his eviction .
it may be seen here that only fianna fáil , fine gael and the labour party have enough members to nominate a candidate alone .
there are two recognized subspecies , the nominate , " thurberi " , is much larger and occurs in southern arizona , mainland mexico , and northern baja california .
the party did not nominate candidates in subsequent elections .
the power to nominate bishops of the church of england , and to create hereditary and life peers , is exercised by the sovereign on the advice of the prime minister .
the breeding behavior of the taxa " chionogaster " ( white - breasted hawk ) , " ventralis " ( plain - breasted hawk ) and " erythronemius " ( rufous - thighed hawk ) are comparably poorly known , but based on the available knowledge they appear to differ little from that of the nominate group .
even though they were exempt they were allowed to nominate .
african birds , " c. e. microscelis " , have the head mainly black , but the nominate asian race , " c. e. episcopus " , has the head mainly white except for a darker area around the eyes .
they are responsible for the physical transportation of gas , as shippers are required only to nominate quantities entering and/or exiting the network , and not the transport route which the gas should physically follow .
kekkonen extensively used his power to nominate ministers and railroaded new compositions of governments through the parliamentary process .
paradoxically , the agreement only allowed the mpla , fnla , and unita to nominate candidates to the first assembly elections , deliberately disenfranchising bakongo , cabindans , and whites .
any reader can nominate a book .
during the 23rd arizona territorial legislature , hunt was president of the council but was unable to secure passage of his bill providing primary elections to nominate political candidates .
it also introduced the first australian and new zealand fan award system , the " double gammas " awards , open to all australia and new zealand doctor who fanzines , fan writers , fan artists , with fans members of any australian or new zealand doctor who club or readers of any australian or new zealand doctor who fanzine or newsletter , able to nominate and vote .
two subspecies are recognised ; the nominate race " cassicus " is found on mainland new guinea and islands to the west , as well as kairiru , mushu and basilaki islands , while the larger race " hercules " occurs on the d'entrecasteaux archipelago and trobriand islands .
when harding was elected president in 1920 , he is said to have sought an appointive office to which he could nominate reily as a reward for his loyalty , without giving him too much power or presence in washington .
members of the pbwa nominate players for the award , and then a vote is taken by approximately 150 pbwa members .
before the show , the computer would nominate ' four to follow ' - four contestants who were seemingly expected to do well .
critics alleged that sarkozy proposed to nominate strauss - kahn as managing director of the imf to deprive the socialist party of one of its more popular figures .
the revised law also explicitly transferred the power to nominate candidates to villagers themselves , as opposed to village groups or chinese communist party ( ccp ) branches .
for the twentieth round of nominations , the male housemates each had to nomianate one female housemate while the female housemates each had to nominate one male housemate.<small/ >
the uzbekistan liberal democratic party said in early october that it intended to nominate karimov .
the councils do not carry out the same range of functions as those in the rest of the united kingdom , e.g. they have no responsibility for education , for road building or for housing ( though they do nominate members to the advisory northern ireland housing council ) .
pierce , who was hoping to stave off insurrection by appeasing the south , agreed to nominate the alabaman campbell , and he was approved by the senate in march 1853 .
the green warbler finch group consists of only one subspecies , the nominate " olivacea " , from santiago , rábida , pinzón , isabela , fernandina , and santa cruz .
later , she makes a bet with satan about how orlene will fare in hell ; orlene denies satan 's offer so that nox wins , and so when the incarnations of day gather to select a new incarnation of good , satan must nominate nox 's candidate , who is orlene .
by failing to nominate new judges , some governments were holding up the work of the court whose workload was growing exponentially .
contestants are free to leave at any time and can also nominate themselves to change teams at the weekly beach party ( generally the only time during the week when the sharks and tigers meet ) .
previously , it was incorrectly believed to occur as far north as mexico , but all individuals from western panama and northwards are nominate common black hawk .
nominate " t. merula " may commence breeding in march , but eastern and indian races are a month or more later , and the introduced new zealand birds start nesting in august .
the black - faced antbird is between 12 - 13 cm ( 5 inches ) long and weighs around 16 - 22 g. the male of the nominate race is blueish grey above , with the wings and tail slightly darker , a black face , throat and wing tips .
north nicaragua birds , " m. l. nigrior " have a much broader black breast spot than the nominate costa rican form , and the northernmost of the three subspecies , " m. l. occipitalis " , has a grey crown stripe , obvious yellow supercilium , and very small breast spot .
