a younger son , matthew wesley , remained a nonconformist , became a london apothecary , and died on 10 june 1737 , leaving a son , matthew , in india ; he provided for some of his brother samuel 's daughters .
apparently a native of chester , he was brought up by william cook , a nonconformist minister ejected from st. michael 's church , chester , in 1662 , who died in 1684 .
reflecting his radical , nonconformist background , fothergill was a strong advocate of temperance reform and the evils of alcohol .
nonconformist churches are protestant churches which do not conform to the doctrines of the established church of england .
this seems to have given a somewhat diplomatic character to his later years , inasmuch as , while remaining a nonconformist , he had a good deal to do with proposed political - ecclesiastical compromises .
she had some contact with soviet nonconformist art ; although not a part of the movement , she shared its realities of night raids , eavesdropping and police informers .
since the college was first formally integrated into the university structure in 1955 , the nonconformist aspects of the institution have gradually diminished .
thomas rees ( 1777 , gelligron , glamorgan - 1 august 1864 , brighton ) , welsh nonconformist divine , was a unitarian minister and scholar .
in addition to the ordinary running of the library , she took pains to build up collections of special relevance to the college 's nonconformist heritage .
" for the nonconformist minister , see richard frankland ( tutor ) "
the nonconformist and dissenting religionists , who were by and large liberal supporters , resented this funding of anglican and roman catholic church schools from the general rates . ‘
the theme is the conflict between fair play and winning at all costs , and the nonconformist lead character foreskin 's struggle to reconcile his university liberal values with those of his rugby - playing conservative mates .
here her household continued to include her nonconformist chaplain isaac watts as a long - term guest , as well as one of her three daughters , the unmarried miss elizabeth abney .
this belief system has historically been used to attack nonconformist and liberal ideas and groups .
john oxenbridge ( january 30 , 1608 – december 28 , 1674 ) was an english nonconformist divine , who emigrated to new england .
furthermore , participation in these groups was fluid as the community of nonconformist artists in moscow was relatively small and close - knit .
she exhibited her works in the first shows of nonconformist art , including the 1st autumnal review " in the open air " ( " bulldozer exhibition " ) .
his " friendly debate between a conformist and a nonconformist " was a controversial tract which excited considerable feeling at the time of its publication in 1668 , but he lived long enough to soothe by his moderation and candour the exasperation it had caused .
all three terms continue in use , “ nonconformist ” being the most usual , as it is the most colourless .
her grandfather josiah wedgwood had made his fortune in pottery , and like many others who were not part of the aristocracy they were nonconformist , belonging to the unitarian church .
the word chapel is in particularly common usage in england , and even more so in wales , for independent or nonconformist places of worship ; and in scotland and ireland many ordinary roman catholic churches as well as non - anglican church buildings are known to locals as " the chapel " .
on march 16 , 1641 , hodson and two other english clerics were impeached in the case of one james smart , a nonconformist minister , whom the three were judged to have unjustly fined for seditious activities .
the 18th century saw the beginnings of two changes that would greatly affect wales , the welsh methodist revival , which led the country to turn increasingly nonconformist in religion , and the industrial revolution .
wieseltier is a nonconformist , employing ironic imagery and a sarcastic , despairing tone .
they arose from the nonconformist religious movement in england during the puritan reformation of the church of england .
he came into conflict with the nonconformist minority of the local population in the first decade of the nineteenth century .
the chapel made itself available to many religious figures of different denominations ; those invited to preach within its walls included both establishment and nonconformist figures .
born at enfield in 1813 of nonconformist parents , he was originally destined for a theological career , but instead was articled to a solicitor .
from 1815 brotherton was a member of a group of nonconformist liberals , meeting in the manchester home of john potter .
john williams ( 1626/7 – 28 march 1673 ) was a welsh nonconformist preacher and doctor .
beautiful roman catholic and anglican churches sprang up all over the town , and welsh immigration brought with it nonconformist chapels and the temperance movement .
missionary society’ , which gradually evolved into the nondenominational but largely nonconformist london missionary society .
born james alfred orage in dacre , near harrogate , in the west riding of yorkshire into a nonconformist religious family , he was generally known as dickie and he dropped the name james altogher and adopted the name richard creating the now famous initials a. r. in the name a. r. orage .
my upbringing was of low nonconformist christians who felt that you led the christian life in part by behaving in a christian manner to everybody you met . "
the prime minister who enacted these reforms , william ewart gladstone , encouraged the creation of a nonconformist college at oxford .
davies was anglesey 's first nonconformist j.p. and was high sheriff of anglesey in 1858 .
given the strong nonconformist associations of the liberal and labour candidates , this could be seen as an intelligent appeal .
it is said to be the first neogothic nonconformist chapel , having been constructed between 1837 and 1839 .
neglectful parenting is also called uninvolved , disengaged , detached , dismissive , nonconformist or hands - off .
it is the oldest nonconformist congregation in cullompton .
he promoted good relations with the chester nonconformist matthew henry , and supported the society for the reformation of manners .
he argues that emilia apostoae 's early biography , in particular her migration from village to urban center , assimilates a theme from socialist realism ( " the prose works produced and expired during the 1950s " ) , while the aspects of narrative language incorporate the diverse avatars of speech under ideological pressure , from the " parental and always costly discussions " confronting politically - appointed supervisors and their nonconformist employees to subversive forms of romanian humor and the " wooden tongue " of official speeches .
there were however , mostly chapels which were then built , thus following the nonconformist principles of the time which happened to be predominant around the littleborough area .
during his childhood , he adopted jacobean ideas and held tory ideas in addition to his jacobite sympathies , even though his community was strict whig and nonconformist .
a number of nonconformist ministers waited for james ii at rowton heath on 27 aug. ;
john hoppus was educated at a dissenting academy in the north of england , the rotherham independent college , and being ineligible as a nonconformist from attending an english university , completed his studies first at edinburgh university under dugland steward , then at glasgow university where thomas chalmers taught .
mike muir proves himself an articulate lyricist and commentator , delving into subjects like alienation , depression , and nonconformist politics with intelligence and humor . " .
however , sampson , lever , and others were unsatisfied with the lack of such protest from elizabeth 's bishops , such as cox , edmund grindal , pilkington , sandys , jewel , and parkhurst , even though some , like sandys and grindal , were reluctant conformists with nonconformist sympathies .
he was an active nonconformist christian who gave generously to charity and paid the salary of a metropolitan missionary .
the nonconformist chapel after which the village was named is on a side road that follows the western edge of the brecon beacons .
samuel annesley ( 1620?–1696 ) was a prominent puritan and nonconformist pastor , best known for the sermons he collected as the series of " morning exercises " .
ralph button ( died 1680 ) was an english academic and clergyman , gresham professor of geometry , canon of christ church , oxford under the commonwealth , and later a nonconformist schoolmaster .
jade leigh is a nonconformist who values individuality above all else .
matthew green ( 1696–1737 ) was a british poet born of nonconformist parents .
in the meantime , counter - revolutionary ideas flourished amongst the leaders of the welsh methodist revival , but the consequences of turning wales into a nation with a nonconformist majority was to create a new sense of welshness .
lazarus seaman ( " d. " 1675 ) , was an english clergyman , supporter in the westminster assembly of the presbyterian party , intruded master of peterhouse , cambridge , and nonconformist minister .
the extra recruits joined the disorganised group , which was now made up of around 6,000 , mostly nonconformist , artisans and farmer workers armed with farm tools ( such as pitchforks ) : one famous supporter was a young daniel defoe .
he was born in a house called tanycastell , in dolwyddelan and brought up in a farming family but which also had many connections with nonconformist religion .
simeon ashe or ash ( died 1662 ) was an english nonconformist clergyman , a member of the westminster assembly and chaplain to the parliamentary leader edward montagu , 2nd earl of manchester .
christmas evans ( 25 december 1766 – 19 july 1838 ) was a welsh nonconformist minister , regarded as one of the greatest preachers in the history of wales .
while the historian k o morgan described him as one of the relatively young , welsh born , nonconformist liberal candidates who were responsible for changing the character of the welsh parliamentary party in the 1880s and 1890s from the one dominated by traditional , gladstonian , anglican members .
this had considerable implications for the welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in wales .
edison vasilievich denisov ( ) ( april 6 , 1929 , tomsk , russia — november 24 , 1996 , paris , france ) was a russian composer of so called " underground " — " anti - collectivist " , " alternative " or " nonconformist " division in the soviet music .
whilst preaching the nonconformist position , stand chapel was not at this time unitarian .
eve raised this subject early in the election campaign , at his adoption meeting , realising its resonance for committed liberals and their traditional constituency of nonconformist church and chapel - goers .
other minor characters include ms. sorkowitz , ozy and millie 's kangaroo teacher and principal beau vine , the bull principal of the school who allows bullying believing that , " repeated exposure to unprovoked assault squelches unhealthy nonconformist tendencies . "
it was established in 1875 ( opened 1878 ) and was named after its benefactor dr daniel williams , ( 1643–1716 ) a nonconformist minister from wrexham , who also gave his name to dr williams 's library in euston , london .
in late 1993 chef moved to new york city where he exhibited his works with several former members of soviet nonconformist art circles in a number of group exhibitions .
the hind and the panther " falls into three parts : the first is a description of the different religious denominations , in which the roman catholic church appears as " a milk - white hind , immortal and unchanged " , the church of england as a panther , the independents as a bear , the presbyterians as a wolf , the quakers as a hare , the socinians as a fox , the freethinkers as an ape , and the anabaptists as a boar ; the second part deals with the controversial topics of church authority and transubstantiation ; and the third part argues that the crown and the anglican and catholic churches should form a united front against the nonconformist churches and the whigs .
it is about two nonconformist adventurers who travel on the " royal way " to angkor in the cambodian jungle .
he became the pastor of a nonconformist congregation at st. albans .
david bogue ( 18 february 1750 – 25 october 1825 ) was a british nonconformist leader .
philip doddridge worked towards a united nonconformist body that would have wide appeal , retaining highly cultured elements without alienating those less educated .
this superintendent , benjamin trebaskis , was a nonconformist , strongly sectarian , and opposed to the interdenominational cooperation ezzidio and others in the church had previously supported .
norton and nancy dodge collection of soviet nonconformist art
in 1632 he came to london , and on 18 december 1633 was instituted to the vicarage of st. stephen 's , coleman street , vacated by the nonconformist secession of john davenport .
nicholas lockyer ( 1611–1685 ) was an english clergyman and independent minister , a close supporter of oliver cromwell and provost of eton college , and later an ejected minister and nonconformist .
there were formerly three nonconformist chapels , two of which are now closed and one demolished .
western practitioners mostly appear to be " spiritual seekers " , according to ownby , " often closer to the ' hippie ' or ' nonconformist ' profile than most of the chinese , who in general seem to be the straightest of straight arrows . "
other microfilm resources available included wills and administrations from the prerogative court of canterbury up to 1858 , which could also be searched online , death duty registers , from 1796 to 1858 , and many nonconformist registers ( mainly pre-1837 ) .
soviet nonconformist art .
they had close connections with the moscow centres of the underground art movement and were participating in the apartment exhibitions of nonconformist art in moscow and in leningrad .
notable soviet nonconformist artists from moscow include : ilya kabakov , igor kopystiansky , svetlana kopystiansky , oleg vassiliev , erik bulatov , komar and melamid , genia chef , leonid sokov , viktor pivovarov , ülo sooster , boris sveshnikov , vladimir yakovlev , anatoly zverev , lydia masterkova , vladimir nemukhin , ernst neizvestny , oscar rabin , vladimir yankilevsky , eduard steinberg , lev kropivnitsky , valentina kropivnitskaia , alexander yulikov , andrei grositsky , vasily sitnikov , dmitrii krasnopevtsev , leonid lamm , igor shelkovsky , from leningrad : timur novikov , olga kisseleva , grisha bruskin , afrika ( sergei bugaev ) , oleg tselkov , anatoly basin , alexei khvostenko , klever ( valery ) , yuri gourov , alexander ney , edouard zelenine from siberia .
a committee of nonconformist merchants and ministers , including john pye smith , founded the school for boys only in 1807 .
a nonconformist , he funded the construction in 1829 of a congregationalist chapel at hertford heath , and its subsequent operation .
welsh traditional music declined with the rise of nonconformist religion in the 18th century , which emphasised choral singing over instruments , and religious over secular uses of music ; traditional musical styles became associated with drunkenness and immorality .
felinfoel 's main baptist chapel , ' adulam ' , plays a significant role in the history of that nonconformist sect , built as it is on the site of ' ty newydd ' , said by some to be the oldest baptist settlement in wales .
robert forman horton ( september 18 , 1855 - 1934 ) , british nonconformist divine , was born in london .
the creek is named for members of the dunkard sect , a pacifist , nonconformist group of christians who settled in the region during the 1700s .
carlton left a&m records in mid-2005 as she felt there was a lack of support for the album on the label 's part because of her nonconformist attitude .
william bagshaw or bagshall ( 1628 - 1702 ) was an english presbyterian and nonconformist minister , known as the " apostle of the peak " .
there are approximately 2,300 cassettes , 700 cd - roms , and 160 gramophone records of music that was deemed nonconformist .
gruffydd took an interest in welsh politics and social questions , coming from a nonconformist , radical family .
she was a middle - aged , married woman when she met fox in 1647 in skegby , nottinghamshire , and was already a nonconformist — specifically , a baptist .
on 20 july 1685 , a fortnight after the battle of sedgemoor , the old lady consented to shelter john hickes , a well - known nonconformist minister , at her residence , moyles court , near ringwood .
they were one of a number of nonconformist dissenting groups that emerged around this time .
perceval wiburn or wyburn ( percival ) ( 1533?-1606 ? ) was an english clergyman , a marian exile , suspected nonconformist and puritan , and polemical opponent of robert parsons .
matthew poole ( 1624–1679 ) was an english nonconformist theologian .
there was a high nonconformist turnout in 1906 in the wake of the controversy over the 1902 education act which replaced school boards elected by ratepayers in their district , which had been popular with radicals , with local education authorities under the control of county or borough councils .
the magazine is respected as being nonconformist and liberal , and remains symbolic of the press having a certain freedom of tone .
there are two places of christian worship in abergwili : ebeneser chapel , a welsh nonconformist independent chapel , and st. david 's , a church in wales parish church .
both bennet , and his wife grace murray , are buried in the graveyard of nearby chinly chapel , a nonconformist chapel built in 1716 .
joseph alleine ( baptised 8 april 1634 – 17 november 1668 ) was an english puritan nonconformist pastor and author of many religious works .
a nonconformist , he went over to ireland , where he was probably ordained presbyter by robert echlin , bishop of down and connor .
he introduced the education bill 1906 , intended to address nonconformist grievances arising from the education act 1902 .
breese was a devout anglican by religion , even though he went on to represent a strongly nonconformist seat in parliament .
two other nonconformist tracts appeared , both deploying established authorities such as st. ambrose , theophilactus of bulgaria , erasmus , bucer , martyr , john epinus of hamburg , matthias flacius illyricus , philipp melanchthon , a lasco , bullinger , wolfgang musculus of bern , and rodolph gualter .
by the mid 1970s , in odessa , a core group of nonconformist artists was formed whose most active members were : vladimir strelnikov , alexander anufriev , valentin khrushch , lev meshberg , victor mariniuk , lyudmila yastreb , stanislav sytchev , evgeni rakhmanin , ruslan makoev , andrei antoniuk and others .
in scotland , the anglican scottish episcopal church is considered nonconformist ( despite its english counterpart 's status ) and in england , the presbyterian united reformed church is in a similar position .
his father , joshua hill ( died 1636 ) , was minister successively at walmesley chapel , lancashire and bramley chapel , a nonconformist on wearing a surplice .
they approached the bishop 's stortford collegiate school , a non - sectarian school founded in 1850 , and acquired the school buildings , naming the new educational establishment as the nonconformist grammar school .
methodist new connexion was a protestant nonconformist church , also known as the kilhamite methodists ' " .
his paternal great - grandfather , william wills , had been a prosperous birmingham attorney from a nonconformist , unitarian , family .
in 1840 brown and goodman founded the chapel in houghton , which previously had no place for nonconformist worship .
by contrast , abney park 's approach resonated perfectly with those who had close ties with america , principally congregationalists and other nonconformist groups whose relatives had left for the new world to pursue political and religious freedom .
, one of the best known nonconformist theologians of his day , taught there .
the majority of nonconformist chapels were built in the 19th century .
robert lansing appeared in one episode as a nonconformist high school english teacher , dismissed because he assigns his students to read a banned book .
penrhyn - coch has a range of facilities including a school , post office , petrol station , social club , football pitch , tennis courts , children 's playground , two places of worship st. john 's parish church and horeb nonconformist chapel , three halls and a nursery .
granville sharp , thomas clarkson , and william wilberforce — all evangelical christians sympathetic to the religious revival that had predominantly nonconformist origins , but which sought wider non - denominational support for a ' great awakening ' amongst believers .
the village of greenmount has retained its nonconformist church , a collection of shops , post office and a large public house with restaurant .
their nonconformist attitude is also evident in their eccentric haircuts .
the novel deals with the great fire of london 1665 - 66 and the so - called " diggers " , a nonconformist dissenting group during the english civil war .
in the 19th century , shavington had four nonconformist chapels , only one of which remains a church .
george burder ( june 5 , 1752 in london – may 29 , 1832 ) was an english nonconformist divine .
walford davies grew up , like his siblings , playing any instrument he could lay his hands on , often in an informal band with his brothers , cousins and friends , but it was as a singer that he was first noticed and entered , against misgivings from his nonconformist family , for a choristership at st. george 's , windsor .
john towill rutt ( 1760–1841 ) was an english politician and nonconformist man of letters .
the first theatre on lower george street , off sloane square , was the converted nonconformist ranelagh chapel , opened as a theatre in 1870 under the name the new chelsea theatre .
the village also includes a church dedicated to st peter , a roman catholic church and several nonconformist churches .
the village grew substantially and light industry increased , including the construction of a brewery , mill , and candle factory ; as well as various services for the population , including a school , church , at least two nonconformist chapels , and a variety of shops .
surrey chapel , though owned and managed by independent trustees primarily as a nonconformist chapel , was operated as a venue for music , singing , and for the meetings of charities , associations and societies , several of which became closely associated with it .
after the english restoration of 1660 and the 1662 uniformity act , almost all puritan clergy left the church of england , some becoming nonconformist ministers , and the nature of the movement in england changed radically , though it retained its character for much longer in new england .
they were nonconformist and attended services in the congregational chapel at rendham , a few miles from saxmundham , a small market town described in the 1797 " universal british directory " as being " situated upon a hill , and has one large church , and a differing meeting house .
in 1777 , the gatley congregational church was founded and an independent chapel was built in old hall road , gatley , following the spread of evangelicalism to nonconformist groups .
he was a lively and nonconformist teenager , and also studied at the liceo militar acosta ñu as well as in the colegio carlos antonio lopez .
her grandmother remains the only one to support her unique behavior , having been somewhat of a nonconformist in her youth .
during the first twenty years of communist romania , georgescu assisted leonte răutu in exercising stalinist control over local literature , he nevertheless published young nonconformist authors , beginning with nichita stănescu and matei călinescu , in his " gazeta literară " .
being a staunch nonconformist , and inclined in favor of a republican form of government , he wrote articles which attracted attention , even of the cabinet ministry of that day .
the family was nonconformist in religion and liberal in politics .
she was a social reformer , pacifist and nonconformist .
samuel wright , son of a nonconformist minister in nottinghamshire , writer on theological issues and " a very eminent divine among the presbyterians " lived at newington green until his death in 1746 .
in 1890 , the divorce of katharine o'shea , which identified parnell as mrs o’shea ’s lover , split the irish party and scandalised nonconformist liberals .
william pell ( 1634–1698 ) was an english nonconformist minster , ejected in 1662 , a tutor of durham college subsequently imprisoned for illegal preaching .
in july 1640 , on the delivery at mercers ' chapel of a proudly nonconformist sermon he was prosecuted in the high commission court .
a unitarian nonconformist born in derby , he went to school when five years old .
home - controversy engaged him again , and he prepared his " fresh suit against ceremonies "— the book which made richard baxter a nonconformist .
there are also methodist and baptist churches in the deepings , continuing the rich heritage of nonconformist worship in east anglia and the fens .
he was a wealthy brighton resident who had been member of parliament for lewes until 1816 , when he resigned , left the church of england and found a nonconformist sect .
the religious census of 1851 revealed that total nonconformist attendance was very close to that of anglicans .
miјatović ’s wife was a member of the wesleyan church and was able to imbue her husband with nonconformist religious devotion .
although nonconformist churches were common across of west yorkshire , ossett was a particular hotbed .
james guinness rogers ( 29 december 1822 – 20 august 1911 ) , was a british nonconformist clergyman .
john flower ( born around 1624 died after 1658 ) , nonconformist theologian , was the son of william flower of cubley , derbyshire .
however the nonconformist history of the college is still apparent in a few of its features .
the society was nonconformist and open to women , and jane harrison found an audience there , publishing her inaugural talk for the society of 7 december 1909 as the essay " heresy and humanity " ( 1911 ) , an argument against individualism .
kim ki - young 's unconventional and nonconformist nature also prevented him from participating in south korea 's mainstream film industry .
fothergill was born in dewsbury into a radical , nonconformist , yorkshire family .
he was a trusted lieutenant of tobias matthew , archbishop of york ; in 1617 matthew delegated hodson to advise roger brearley , who had founded the grindletonian nonconformist sect and been accused of heresy as a result , on how he might reconcile with the church of england .
in the summer of 1954 , 500 interviewers under professor stouffer ’s supervision polled a cross section of 6000 americans to determine their attitudes on nonconformist behavior .
richard frankland ( 1630–1698 ) was an english nonconformist , notable for founding the rathmell academy , a dissenting academy in the north of england .
the son of george todhunter , a nonconformist minister , and mary née hume , he was born at rye , sussex .
it was edited by the two nonconformist divines , william bates and john howe , who had been in exile in the netherlands along with stair , and is undoubtedly his work .
grew was the only son of obadiah grew ( 1607 - 1688 ) , nonconformist divine and vicar of st michaels , coventry , and was born in warwickshire .
koryun nahapetyan ( , 1926 , leninakan — 1999 , moscow ) was an armenian - russian painter - nonconformist , sociologist , philosopher and public activist , a participant of the bulldozer exhibition .
the family were members of the local welsh congregational church and while other children recited verses on the sunday morning , as it is a tradition in nonconformist churches , he would recite a whole chapter .
he grew up in fowlmere , near cambridge , and attended the nonconformist grammar school in bishop 's stortford .
liberal imperialist mps , a number of fabians , liberal landowners , imperialistically minded journalists and nonconformist ministers ” .
with john miles(1621 - 1684 ) , cradock , erbery , powell , and llwyd are the group of recognised puritan leaders , who founded the later welsh nonconformist congregations , whether baptist , congregationalist , presbyterian or quaker .
john jennings ( c.1687 - 1723 ) was an english nonconformist minister and tutor of an early dissenting academy at kibworth , leicestershire , the original institution that became daventry academy .
in religion he was a puritan and nonconformist , and the intimate friend of the popular preachers robert stephen mcall and robert halley .
david charles davies ( 11 may 1826 – 26 september 1891 ) was a welsh nonconformist minister .
in his poetry he examined critically some aspects of christianity , patriotism , and homosexuality , though he was not always comfortable with his role as a nonconformist .
heol - y - cyw has one nonconformist chapel , anglican church , a primary school , working men club , and a pub .
john woodbridge ( 1613–1696 ) was an english nonconformist , who emigrated to new england .
after the declaration of indulgence 1687 , became a minister of a nonconformist church there .
a bill had been introduced into parliament " to make provision for the better education of children in manufacturing districts " , but it failed to pass due to nonconformist opposition as it was seen to give pre - eminence to the position of the church of england .
edward bagshaw ( bagshawe ) ( 1629–1671 ) was an english nonconformist minister and theologian , known as a controversialist .
since 1959 , nemukhin participated in over a hundred group exhibitions in museums and galleries around the world , including the first shows of nonconformist art , the 1st autumnal review " in the open air " ( " bulldozer exhibition " ) .
james was educated at his grandfather 's school near oxford , and at the nonconformist school at harpenden , and in 1838 , on his father 's removal to london , was apprenticed to a woollen - draper in whitechapel .
, who was one of the leaders of the nonconformist emigration association and founders of the albertland special settlement at kaipara , auckland in 1862 .
following this retort came another nonconformist pamphlet , which j. w. martin speculatively attributes to crowley : " an answere for the tyme , to the examination put in print , without the author 's name , pretending to mayntayne the apparrell prescribed against the declaration of the mynisters of london " ( 1566 ) .
rev. dr. christopher newman hall llb ( may 22 , 1816 - february 18 , 1902 ) , born at maidstone and known in later life as a ' dissenter 's bishop ' , was one of the most celebrated nineteenth century english nonconformist divines .
although a committed communist , biermann 's nonconformist views soon alarmed the east german establishment .
the national education league , founded 1869 , developed from the birmingham education league , co - founded in 1867 by george dixon , a birmingham member of parliament ( mp ) and past mayor , joseph chamberlain , a nonconformist and future mayor of birmingham , and jesse collings , to include branches from all over england and wales .
starting from a career in the literary world , and having a nonconformist background , he became an anglican clergyman in 1943 ; and later in 1955 a catholic convert .
anthony à wood , who knew him personally , refers to him respectfully as " a learned nonconformist . "
he was descended from an eminent nonconformist family which had lived for nearly two centuries at little lever and at rivington hall , near bolton , lancashire .
he assisted in the ordinations which kept up the succession of nonconformist ministers .
milner accompanied wilberforce to england , and on the journey they read " the rise and progress of religion in the soul " by philip doddridge , a leading early 18th - century english nonconformist .
however , the reverse is generally true of the nonconformist missions ; often abolitionist , they were neither allied to european monarchies nor governments , and were funded independently , being motivated by the " religious revival " of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .
walter wilson ( 1781?–1847 ) was an english biographer of nonconformist clergy and their churches .
this was unusual , as many of the lancashire mill owners were nonconformist and radical in their outlook .
welté was a typical artist of the enlightenment – pensive , developing and nonconformist .
as an anglo - catholic with a nonconformist background , ramsey had a broad religious outlook .
holdeman mennonites " also recognize the faith of the waldenses and other nonconformist groups of the middle ages as part of their spiritual heritage .
dugdale 's father now applied to thomas jollie , the ejected minister of altham , who with eight or nine other nonconformist ministers met almost every day at the house and endeavoured to exorcise the devil , which dugdale affirmed to possess him , by prayer , examination , and fasting , but without result for at least a year .
it is a non - consecrated space and it contains a unique selection of stained glass windows and statues depicting leading figures from the nonconformist movements , including cromwell , sir henry vane and william penn among many others .
at one point there were 15 shops , a garage , two banks and three nonconformist chapels in the village ; the tabernacl was built in 1812 , eglwys dewi sant ( ) in 1909 , there is also bethel , capel yr annibynwyr ( anabaptist chapel ) .
long known as the " bishop of all denominations " , his death was honoured by all the nonconformist churches along with the jewish and greek orthodox congregations .
although attracting families from as far away as merthyr and the parish of eglwysilan , there were no other nonconformist causes until david williams began preaching in the rhondda in 1784 .
it was the first nonconformist college to open in oxford .
his nonconformist faith bade him to join the parliamentary temperance group and he called for restrictions on licensing in the late 1950s because he believed public drunkenness was increasing .
anglican and nonconformist churches and chapels are most numerous , but there are also many catholic churches as well as places of worship for non - christian religions .
united methodist free churches was an english nonconformist community which merged into the united methodist church in 1907 .
henry allon ( 1818 - 1892 ) , english nonconformist divine , was born on 13 october 1818 at welton , elloughton - cum - brough , near hull , in yorkshire .
joseph parker ( 9 april 1830 - 28 november 1902 ) was an english nonconformist divine .
born in southampton , england , in 1674 , watts was brought up in the home of a committed nonconformist — his father , also isaac watts , had been incarcerated twice for his controversial views .
the sisters came from an accomplished and nonconformist family .
brought up as a nonconformist , hort went to school with the hymn writer isaac watts , who was his life - long friend .
bird was described as : ‘ a nonconformist both by birth and conviction.’ his wife laid the foundation stone of the halls attached to trinity methodist church , newport road , cardiff , of which he was a member .
sharmanka kinetic sculptures are in collections of glasgow museums and museum of nonconformist art in st petersburg , science museum in jerusalem .
james ii was a catholic , while the state institutions had broken from the catholic church — this was an issue for the exclusion bill supporting whigs , the political heirs to the nonconformist roundheads and covenanters .
amongst these , northern european brick gothic was perhaps the best known alternative to english styles at that time ; partly on account of its lower cost than stone blocks , but also its appeal to a section of nonconformist though to whom highly extravagant and ornamented building styles and monuments were either too vulgar , or associated with mediaeval superstition - spurgeon cautioned against the gothic fashion leading to " hobgoblins and monsters on the outside of their preaching houses " .
he was a nonconformist and campaigned against the privileged status of the church of england .
there were also formerly two nonconformist chapels , mynydd seion ( wesleyan ) and cana ( congregationalist ) .
the architect james cubitt embodied such forward - looking principles in his book , " church design for congregations " ( 1870 ) , in which he noted the unsuitability of the conventional gothic plan for nonconformist chapels , adding " there is every reason why our churches should be fitted for their destined use .
some j - bloggers , although religious in practice , use their blogs to discuss theological views which are skeptical or nonconformist .
a zealous advocate of the doctrine of passive obedience , he strongly opposed the toleration act , declaiming in unmeasured terms against the various nonconformist sects .
it becomes clear in the development of this point that the nonconformist faction believed that the bible always had at least a general relevance to every possible question and activity : " the scripture hath left nothing free or indifferent to mens lawes , but it must agree with those generalle condicions before rehearsed , and such like . "
the museum includes over forty buildings which represent the architecture of wales , including a celtic village , a nonconformist chapel ( in this case , unitarian ) , a village schoolhouse , a toll road tollbooth , a cockpit and even a cowshed .
he was a nonconformist , constantly reminding the movement of the importance of tolerance , intellectual freedom and not losing its humanity .
previously the ' egyptian revival ' style had only been used in cemetery design for memorial monuments , for one temporary frontage scheme ( at mount auburn cemetery ) , and for a gate in a wall ( for , at that date , a small nonconformist cemetery in sheffield ) .
in an attempt to circumvent the law , the lianozovo group proposed an open air exhibition in 1974 , inviting dozens of other nonconformist artists also to exhibit .
samuel cox ( april 19 , 1826 – 1893 ) , an english nonconformist divine and christian universalist , was born in london .
at the age of eight he entered a preparatory school as a boarder in bognor regis , following which he attended the nonconformist public school , mill hill .
hezekiah woodward ( 1590–1675 ) was an english nonconformist minister and educator , also involved in the pamphlet wars of the 1640s .
the nonconformist relief act 1779 ( 19 geo .
the norton and nancy dodge collection of soviet nonconformist art , which contains roughly 20,000 works of art , was donated to rutgers university in the mid-1990s , where it is on permanent display at the university 's jane voorhees zimmerli art museum .
externally , a greater use of brick and design elements not generally acceptable in anglican neo - gothic , could be promoted in the neo - gothic of nonconformist chapels .
various acts of parliament proscribed roman catholic and nonconformist worship : in particular , the conventicle act 1664 prevented groups of non - anglican christians meeting for worship .
nikolai nikolayevich karetnikov ( ) , ( june 30 , 1930 , moscow – october 10 , 1994 , moscow ) was a russian composer of the so - called underground – alternative or nonconformist group in soviet music .
furthermore , figurines of various sorts ( females , horses and riders , animals and birds ) found at israelite and judean sites , usually extramural sites described as “ nonconformist ” by john holladay .
however , the liberal bent of the freedom barometer leads to “ nonconformist ” verdicts in some cases .
" the levellers were nonconformist in religion and agitated for the separation of church and state .
a graduate in sociology ( university of durham ) and theology ( university of london ) , he was awarded a phd ( keele university , 1981 ) for a dissertation entitled " evangelical nonconformist home missions , 1796 - 1901 " .
he rebuilt the episcopal residence at kilmore , and made other improvements , two - thirds of his outlay being reimbursed by his successor , josiah hort , who also had begun life as a nonconformist .
it also saw a rise in the popularity of nonconformist religions and a certain amount of competition in the provision of education for the young .
subsequently he and edmund calamy had several interviews with burnet in 1702 , when nonconformist matters were before parliament .
the 17th century saw the development of many nonconformist sects which allowed more say to women than the established religions , especially the quakers .
the village set in a valley in the south downs has an anglican parish church dedicated to all saints , and a nonconformist chapel .
ditchling and wivelsfield were also associated with nonconformist worship .
ştefan câlţia credits podlipny and corneliu baba with having instilled in him a " respect for school " that replaced his initial " rather nonconformist " approach to art training .
the son of a sheffield bookseller , he was surrounded by books in his youth and , practically self - taught , rose not only to become a dissenting academic and author , but through his interest in science and geology , was elected to become the first fellow of the royal society from a nonconformist background .
as a nonconformist , wright was ineligible for election to a trinity fellowship until 1878 , but became librarian and senior bursar of trinity before that date .
the following year , their album : nonconformist rituals ( 1994 ) was released featured a musically mature katch 22 with live instrumentation .
the cemetery includes a number of listed buildings and monuments , including the grade ii * listed church of england mortuary chapel , nonconformist mortuary chapel , and entrance lodges and gates and screen walls to main entrance .
the owners and top managers at most of the quarries were english - speaking , anglican and tory , while the quarrymen were welsh - speaking and mainly nonconformist and liberal .
after this he visited ireland , and then became pastor to a nonconformist congregation at cheshunt .
the temperance movement , which had been absorbed into the moralistic system of the nonconformist chapels , caused a shift in social attitudes in the mid to late 19th and early 20th century rhondda .
in wales the strong traditions of nonconformism can be traced back to the welsh methodist revival which led to wales effectively being a nonconformist country by the mid 19th century .
he was said to have declined an offer to succeed the nonconformist samuel chandler at the old jewry at a salary of £ 400 .
many young people in canada at this time were influenced by the 1970s counterculture and identified with trudeau , a young , energetic , nonconformist .
vincent alsop ( c. 1630 – may 8 , 1703 ) was an english nonconformist clergyman .
the five mile act of 1665 had made it an offence punishable by transportation for more than five people to congregate for worship other than in the manner prescribed by the church of england , and for any nonconformist to minister within five miles ( 8 km ) of any parish of which he had been a parson .
he married ( 25 december 1637 ) helen ( born february 1603 , died 19 oct. 1687 ) , daughter of gregory vicars of treswell , nottinghamshire , widow of william sampson of south leverton , nottinghamshire , and mother of henry sampson , m.d. his only son was nehemiah grew ; he had also a daughter mary ( d. 1703 ) , married to john willes , m.a. , a nonconformist scholar , who though ordained never preached , and retired after grew 's death to his estate at spratton , northamptonshire .
