when the macbook air was introduced , apple described it as the " world 's thinnest notebook " .
" big notebook for easy piano " - fluid ounces
the fe series was designed as an entertainment notebook that is suitably portable .
the sony vaio 505 ( called superslim until 2003 ) series was a line of ultraportable notebook computers from sony 's vaio brand .
in an attempt to impress the foreigner , the assassin sabretooth volunteered to kill the thief known as the black cat , who had stolen a solid gold notebook from the foreigner 's office .
subalterns have been seen with a notebook
later on at lunch , commando , is playing basketball outside , and doug is sitting on a nearby bench writing in his " pefkakia journal " ( actually a notebook filled with nothing but the word ' blah ' ) .
in october 2008 , apple announced it will be using led backlights for all its notebook and its new 24-inch apple cinema display , and one year later it introduced a new led imac , meaning all of apple 's computer screens , save the 30-inch cinema hd display , are now led .
all on - screen information for the viewer is done by holding up a post - it note or a notebook with handwriting on them .
at the end of each 9 holes , the official score keeper records each of the competitor 's scores in the official notebook .
of this work , george vukelich , author of " north country notebook , " writes : " derleth 's " walden west " is ... the equal of sherwood anderson 's " winesburg , ohio " , thornton wilder 's " our town " , and edgar lee masters ' " spoon river anthology " . "
( jonathan edwards [ 1743 ] , " controversies " notebook , wje online vol . 27 )
if there are only a few connections , then a breakout cable ( also octopus cable ) may be used , as is common on smaller notebook computers .
the form factor is referred to as a " convertible tablet " , that is , the screen can be rotated to use the notebook as a slate with the included stylus .
beethoven biographer a. w. thayer , in his notebook , recorded hüttenbrenner 's account of beethoven 's death .
the notebook program was commenced in 1995 , with a pilot class of 30 year 10 students .
in many revisions of the notebook , the fan vent had an additional dense plastic grill which impeded airflow greatly .
after leaving daniel 's office , betty goes to her desk and opens a gift waiting for her , which turns out to be a notebook .
samsung electronics launch a 14 " prototype notebook featuring up to 40% transparency when turned off .
google notebook .
a sub - notebook similar to the a - view .
smart notebook software was awarded the 2008 worlddidac award for outstanding product in the category of products – all general school subjects .
other programs focused on issues important to fcf activity : " endangered liberties " discussed privacy issues ; " legal notebook " emphasized judicial nominations and court trends , and " next revolution " covered activities within social conservatism .
( “ z tabornoho zoshyta ” [ “ from the camp notebook ” ] , 1983 ) .
notebook computers in the classroom allowed students to better understand the material studied in the class through technology .
probably in the second century , the roman lucius ampelius recorded in his " liber memorialis " ( “ notebook ” ) , in chapter viii ( miracula mundi ) , " at pergamum there is a great marble altar , 40 feet ( 12 m ) high , with colossal sculptures .
each classroom provides students with technology such as notebook computers , interactive whiteboards , digital cameras , projectors , and audio video equipment .
a voa reporter from mardan said that while being apprehended , al - libbi tried to destroy a notebook , which u.s. officials are now trying to decode .
originally introduced in 1998 , the clio product line has won numerous awards and accolades , such as mobile computing & communications’ “ best handheld design , keyboard form factor ; ” pc week “ best of comdex ” finalist ; home office computing ’s silver award ; mobility award “ notebook computing , pc companion ” winner ; industrial designs excellence awards ( idea)—silver in business and industrial equipment ; and idc ’s “ best design ” .
belinea also manufacture computer units and notebook computers .
before he went to the front , however , he mailed a notebook of his works to his mentor .
in 1976 , chum management moved him to halifax , nova scotia to host a two hour morning talk show called the " hotline " on cjch , and also produced and host a daily thirty minute television news magazine , " dave wright ’s notebook " for atv .
notebook ( 28 may – 2 june 1819 ) recording his travels on the continent with his friends and family is a manuscript in the pforzheimer collection at the new york public library ( call number s’ana 0399 )
he sat in the corner , with his notebook and pencil " .
most of the entries in the 1725 notebook were made by anna magdalena herself , and a few were contributed by johann sebastian and various friends of the bach family .
the two - page center spread is set aside for nature notebook , an artist ’s sketchbook of fish , animals or behaviors .
the latter is a simple notebook - like editor containing the contents of the file .
this method ( which would apply in particular to a notebook computer stolen while in power - on , suspended , or screen - locked mode ) has been successfully used to attack a file system protected by truecrypt .
influenced by the published journals of the french writer jules renard , which maugham had often enjoyed for their conscientiousness , wisdom and wit , maugham published selections from his own journals under the title " a writer 's notebook " in 1949 .
learning is enhanced through the use of notebook computers —
compal is the largest notebook manufacturer in the world , in second quanta computers .
cynthia buys herself a plaid notebook that looks very much like anne ’s original , and she retreats to her corner , like anne did , to record her private thoughts .
her elder son , philippe , is a priest and is shepherding a party of orphans , who eventually kill him ( in a death scene perhaps in need of revision , némirovsky comments in her notebook , because it is " melo " [ melodramatic ] ) .
he left a notebook of annotations on the theology attributed to aristotle , a work which our philosophers have always continued to read .
they gave prokofiev a notebook of jewish folksongs , and prokofiev completed the composition very quickly .
while they were available in many countries , the sens notebook line were for some years not sold in the us and canada ( with the exception of the ultraportable q series ) .
having ingratiated herself with the plastics per janis ' plan , cady learns about the " burn book , " a top secret notebook of regina 's , filled with rumors , secrets and gossip about all the other girls in school .
in the same manner , otto can be said to have held a belief of the location of the museum before consulting his notebook .
improved notebook system .
milton began plotting various subjects for tragedies in a notebook created in the 1640s .
connelly often took the boys on outings while carrying a notebook to record their conversations and activities .
ailes ' son later found a page in an old notebook that might have referred to ailes ' father .
the summer of 1995 was a significant turning point in the history of notebook computing .
in the first several chapters of the novel we see , on several occasions , exactly what kid reads when he looks at the open notebook .
targus ' line of products includes a variety of backpacks , messenger bags , briefcases and attaché cases , all designed to store notebook computers and other manifestations of mobile computing , such as the palm pilot line of pdas and the ipod , and their various accessories .
binding methods can affect whether a notebook can lie flat when open and whether the pages are likely to remain attached .
lewis recalls that when he asked khan to show his writing for publication , " he handed me a leatherbound notebook or diary containing a few jottings and autobiographical snippets .
according to a 1947 cookbook , hawthorne wrote in his notebook of their having
hoping to find her , he finds the notebook of aya toujou nearby , who turns out to be an ordinary - looking girl .
3 . schroeder , ivy , the amitin notebook project , the riverfron times , january 9 - 15,2002 p. 35 .
although he was identified as a spaniard , they were puzzled by the fact that the dead man 's papers were in german , not spanish ; his notebook contained names and possible assignments of some u.s. soldiers ; his clothes contained no labels .
choose notebook , tablet or presentation modes with keyboard , touchscreen or handwriting input .
tom visits alana who is now in detention again after giving herself up to ryland ; tom secretly gives alana messages via usage of a notebook while pretending to be trying to get alana to cooperate .
the words " blood atonement " were scrawled in a notebook , and underneath were several references to verses in the bible that discuss atonement for crime .
the notebook qualifies as such because it is constantly and immediately accessible to otto , and it is automatically endorsed by him .
optical discs , however , are almost exclusively used in the large - scale distribution of retail software , music and movies because of the cost and manufacturing efficiency of the moulding process used to produce dvd and compact discs and the nearly - universal presence of reader drives in personal computers and consumer appliances . flash memory ( in particular , nand flash ) has an established and growing niche in high performance enterprise computing installations , removable storage and on portable devices such as notebook computers and cell phones because of its portability and low power consumption .
this will be noted in the traffic officer 's pocket notebook as a " dynamic risk assessment " and also relayed to the rcc for entry on to the log .
ramanujan mentioned four order-3 mock theta functions in his letter to hardy , and listed a further three in his lost notebook , which were rediscovered by g. n. watson .
pima arizala is an award - winning filipino documentary producer who previously worked for the philippine television program reporter 's notebook of gma news and public affairs .
in october 1995 , park secured a $ 1 million advance for " the notebook " from time warner book group .
the " notebook " , a gift from bach to his second wife anna , begins with works by bach but also included many blank pages , onto which members of the family copied works that they liked to play ; the famous minuets in g major and g minor are not in bach 's handwriting . )
in october 2007 , razer added on the pro|click mobile notebook mouse to its pro|solutions range .
however , that did n't stop the playhouse from producing the following year the world premiere of " the notebook of trigorin " , williams ' free adaptation of chekov 's " the seagull " .
upon their mutual recognition , john writes , in his lawyer 's notebook , a message to cook and flashes it across the court , threatening to expose the judge 's fetish -- upon reading the makeshift sign , cook quickly dismisses all charges against john .
introduced in intel 's core microarchitecture , ssse3 is available in the xeon 5100 series ( server and workstation ) processors and the intel core 2 ( notebook and desktop ) processors .
there are about sixty computers and each teacher of the school is provided with a notebook computer which can be connected with the projectors and tv sets in the classrooms .
when going through his trunk full of old memories and souvenirs , scrooge discovers a page that he remembers having originally torn from lönnrot 's notebook when they met in scotland in the late 19th century .
toby declares that he has many great ideas and reads some from his notebook , which the others promptly mock .
finally , there is what francia writes himself in his " private notebook , " which is mostly an account of his own life , attempts to write fiction , diatribes against patiño and his kind , philosophical musings and ramblings , and other sundry exercises .
six of his novels have been made into films : " message in a bottle " ( 1999 ) , " a walk to remember " ( 2002 ) , " the notebook " ( 2004 ) , " nights in rodanthe " ( 2008 ) , " dear john " ( 2010 ) , and " the last song " ( 2010).the film rights for the lucky one have been sold to warner brothers with douglas mcgrath attached to direct the film .
the practice of open notebook science , although not the norm in the academic community , has gained significant recent attention in the research , general and peer - reviewed media as part of a general trend towards more open approaches in research practice and publishing .
it also designs and sells a combination calendar / address book / personal notebook at the beginning of each business year ( march - april ) .
non - toy media included a notebook , a novel , and a lp / story compilation released in 1986 by warner brothers and pioneer corporation called a " hyper image album " .
talat pasha 's black book ( printed as " talat paşa'nın evrak - ı metrukesi " ) refers to the handwritten notes printed in a personal notebook form by the ottoman minister of interior ( " later grand vizier " ) on the relocations of both turkish - muslim and armenian ottoman citizens during the world war i.
the brothers chaps also employed the services of the erstwhile a cappella band davinci 's notebook to create a theme song for the old - timey version of the cheat , called " ballad of the sneak " .
the minuet in g major is a keyboard piece included in the 1725 " notebook for anna magdalena bach " .
this resolution is currently available in high - end lcd televisions and computer monitors , the latter of which are typically in the size range of approximately 23"–28 " for desktop monitors and on notebook monitors in the size range of 15.4"-18.4 " since at least 2003 .
at the end of may 1861 , wills returned to the " dig tree " to put his diary , notebook and journals in the cache for safekeeping .
the main feature is a life - sized bronze sculpture of pigeon ( notebook and pencil in hand ) and his wife lying on a bed , overlooked by an angel .
to differentiate this kind of " biji fiction " from the general biji , the former is later called " biji xiaoshuo " ( 筆記小說 " notebook fictions " ) .
joyce formed the intention of modeling a character on gogarty very early in his writing career ; an entry on gogarty in his 1909 trieste notebook contains a number of phrases that would later be used in " ulysses " , and two " stephen hero "- era character sketches feature subjects ( called " goggins " and " doherty " ) who closely resemble mulligan .
the gateway solo was the first notebook introduced with a pentium processor and a cd - rom .
the song was also revived for the 2004 film , " the notebook " .
a notebook in which one lists certain items of interest is , according to that definition , an information system .
john aubrey in his notebook jottings called " brief lives " records that charles ii gave him a gift of £ 300 and that he had been secretary to george villiers , 2nd duke of buckingham , when the latter was chancellor of the university of cambridge ; butler was close enough to buckingham to collaborate with him in " the rehearsal " , a satirical play mocking the heroic drama of the time .
in february 1989 , a student named " dread " scott tyler draped the american flag across the floor for a piece titled " what is the proper way to display a u.s. flag ? " the piece consisted of a podium with a notebook for viewers to express how they felt about the exhibit .
the aim of open notebook science is to make the full record of scientific research available .
in 1981 , the playwright tennessee williams adapted " the seagull " as " the notebook of trigorin " .
blackmore 's habit of asking for the women 's names and writing them down in her notebook as a record of who she had visited made parents suspicious of her .
today , most desktop and notebook computers as well as a majority of servers and workstations are built around x86 processors .
a set of notebook pc and lcd projector is available in all laboratories .
more than 90% of new desktop and notebook computers have integrated gpus , which are usually far less powerful than their add - in counterparts .
also included in this box set is a facsimile poster from the 1977 carnegie hall concert , and a facsimile notebook that contains copies of rough draft lyrics for many of the songs that appeared on " the stranger " .
she would write with a fountain pen in the notebook resting on her knees and placed upon the writing board she had made herself .
marv goldberg 's r&b notebook : ben e. king - http://home.att.net/~freebizak/beneking/beneking.html
even though the ribbon can be hidden , " pc world " wrote that the new " ribbon " interface crowds the office work area , especially for notebook users .
gobinder allows users to import web clippings , microsoft office documents ( for example , a professor 's powerpoint presentation ) , and handwritten notes into a single electronic notebook .
when a player is cautioned , the player 's details are traditionally recorded by the referee in a small notebook ; hence , a caution is also known as a booking .
the vx revolution is marketed as a general purpose notebook mouse , easier to carry than the mx revolution , made clear due to its smaller size .
as kurt rescues the experiments , another agent appears to be collecting a bag containing shillinger 's notebook .
luqman immediately threw himself into the river but could not find the notebook .
in order to save her life , gelus wrote her stalker 's name into his notebook , killing him .
the bright red trackpoint , a kind of pointing stick embedded in the keyboard , enabled the notebook to be used on an airline tray table without a mouse .
i started a little inventor 's notebook and i would jot down ideas from time to time . "
this usually entails taking steps to keep one of xana 's attacks from taking place , though they do use the knowledge to prevent other unfavorable events that might not be related to xana , such as the destruction of jeremy 's kiwi 2 robot in " the robots " or preventing ulrich 's humiliation by using prior knowledge of where sissy hid his notebook and wrote a false love letter from yumi .
his nationwide column , " the editor 's notebook " , won him the 1968 pulitzer prize for editorial writing .
not impressed by what the stores had to offer , he instead bought a notebook and wrote his own stories and pictures .
in the early - mid 1990s , citizen partnered with compaq computer corporation to build notebook computers in japan for the japan and far eastern market to be sold under the compaq name .
she pieced the book together by jotting down her ideas in a notebook whenever they occurred to her .
however , it measured 1.9 × 8.5 × 10.5 inches , so it was actually bigger than a compaq lte notebook .
the d620 ( and simultaneously - introduced d820 ) was dell 's first business - oriented notebook with a dual core processor available .
he has published numerous books including the recent , " a notebook at random " which offers a generous selection of photographs , paintings , and documents of his working methods .
this natural wonder was one of several locations in the berkshires noted in the journal of nathaniel hawthorn ; eventually published under the title an american notebook .
the latter feature involved baking , freezing , shaking , dropping , and splashing notebook computers from various manufacturers and then rating the machines based on which ones survived the " torture " and which ones failed .
in the women 's washroom , rockett finds a group notebook that contains extremely private and sensitive information about a group that is either the ones or the csgs ; rockett figures out which , but the owner is not revealed to the player until the third game .
18 months later the mass grave was exhumed and in the front pocket of radnóti 's overcoat his small notebook of final poems was found .
in 1997 , while at stanford university 's documentary film program , aaron 's thesis film " wayne freedman 's notebook " won him a student academy award and a student emmy award .
ultra notebook pc utilizes a complete high - end amd platform which complies with the codenamed " spider"/"cartwheel " desktop platform or the codenamed " puma " mobile platform , what differs from the previous systems is that the requirement for in - house graphics products became mandatory while the system requires more high - end and more powerful products , but the other requirements of the amd live !
open notebook science .
" the truth will out " cites circumstantial documentary evidence that neville was the author , notably the " tower notebook " , a collection of writings by a prisoner in the tower of london , presumably neville .
students attending the ccny honors college are awarded free tuition , a cultural passport that admits them to new york city cultural institutions for free or at sharply reduced prices , a notebook computer , and an academic expense account that they can apply to such academic - related activities as study abroad .
the dv2z was an ultra - portable notebook that measured under 1 inch thick and weighed under 3.81 pounds .
they had formerly been half of the a cappella group da vinci ’s notebook .
bamboo series notebook bamboo -asustek computer inc.
apple inc. has been utilizing the typeface on the keyboards of their line of notebook computers since 1999 , with the release of the first - generation ibook , and on their desktop keyboards since august 2007 .
they got hold of southby - tailyour , who confirmed that yes he did have such data - but refused to give up his precious notebook unless he was assigned as " staff officer without portfolio " to the invasion .
while on the bridge , he assisted captain mcgonagle and wrote entries in the quartermaster 's notebook .
ratbert soon realized that he was the subject of a hideous macaroni and cheese experiment ( the scientist made him eat huge amounts of it and writes in his notebook that it causes paranoia in rats ) and escaped , eventually finding a refuge in dilbert 's house .
kotarou katigiri - emi 's grandfather who owns the notebook .
shusuke kaneko , director of the film , intended for light to appear sympathetic at the beginning of the film ; when light first gains the death note kaneko " was careful " to have light react in a manner " as you and i would . " kaneko changed the story involving light gaining his first notebook as he felt that the audience " would have a hard time sympathizing " with light if the scene remained the same as it was in the manga .
it is interesting that this was written during a period when newton was actively developing the notion of calculus , but mathematics made no real appearance in this notebook .
they are commonly found on low - priced notebook and desktop computers as well as business computers , which do not need high levels of graphics capability .
bracton is thought to have had a notebook with 2000 cases from pateshull and raleigh .
the vaio a series was a range of multimedia notebook computers from sony introduced in may 2004 , featuring a 17 " 16:10 widescreen lcd screen with 1920x1200 resolution .
his notebook , entitled " shamati " ( " i heard " ] ) , contains over two hundred articles which were copied down from lessons and talks of yehuda ashlag .
it aims to define a standardized display panel interface for internal connections , i.e. graphic cards to notebook display panels .
compact and notebook keyboards often have the pause / break key mapped to a function command : for example ctrl+fn+f11 .
in her teen years , she managed to see about 200 plays - keeping notes about the plays and actors she saw in a notebook , which she kept throughout her life .
recent products include the viewcam , the ultra - lite notebook pc , the zaurus personal digital assistant , sidekick 3 , and the aquos flat screen television .
inside they found locks of her dead children 's hair , a notebook she had shared with percy bysshe shelley , and a copy of his poem " adonaïs " with one page folded round a silk parcel containing some of his ashes and the remains of his heart .
" she immediately scratched out seven pages of notes into her writer 's notebook .
al saman stated in the notebook of life .
the " kvitlach " seen in the cracks of the western wall are written on colored paper , notebook paper and even bubblegum wrappers .
on the flyleaf of the first " jim 's journal " collection is a felt - pen drawing of a nondescript young man sitting at a desk and writing in a notebook .
on december 9th , founder s200 was honored the best industrial design award for its notebook computers in the “ cctv 2006 innovation ” ceremony .
the murderer , jimson maddox , is furious that the notebook is gone by the time he reaches the body ; he has been hired to retrieve it at any cost .
according to alexander dolinin , the prototype of lolita was 11-year - old florence horner , kidnapped in 1948 by a 50-year - old mechanic frank la salle , who had caught her stealing a five - cent notebook .
ahuja currently writes the weekly " science notebook " column in " the times " , although she is also a regular feature writer .
after that terkel starts receiving death threats : on his desk , painted on the ceiling of his room , on a stone which breaks his window , in his notebook ...
the chipset series is targeted in three markets : the workstation / server market , the desktop market and the notebook market .
notebook ii became " the lord of the sea " ( 1901 ) , which was recognized by contemporary readers as a critique of private ownership of land based on the theories of henry george .
briana lawrence from ann liked the series ' ending as most of the characters from the story were " given a chance to shine " and due to the fact the notebook and other aspects from the series had little importance in the focus of " death note " and now they play a more important part .
ics also can explain recommendations ( for example , a notebook - computer upsell might add " faster processor , larger hard drive , and bluetooth for only $ 50 more " )
he wrote in his notebook , " i have at last succeeded in " illuminating a magnetic curve " or " line of force " and in " magnetising a ray of light " .
gould 's notebook was the first written prescription for making a viable laser and , realizing what he had in hand , he took it to a neighborhood store to have his work notarized .
but the bag that contained a notebook with all his stats was stolen .
on the table is a glass of water , a microphone and a notebook which gray brought with him .
he published his own book , " hackett 's law ; a referee 's notebook ! " in 1986 .
his radio show with the national public radio member station wgbh , titled " a cape cod notebook " , won the 2006 " new england edward r. murrow award for best radio writing "
worboys ' dna was recovered from a semen stain in one woman 's underwear , a wristband belonging to another woman was found in his house , and a third victim 's address was found in his notebook .
his five - foot frame is covered in tattoos , because " every time i complete a job , i get one . " loafers also carries a notebook of witticisms he has made — oddly enough , something artemis fowl considered compiling after being at a loss for words when holly slugged him in the first book .
she made her debut on january 22 , 1958 in an episode entitled " the picture in rick 's notebook " in which she played the dual role of twin sisters ( one being dave nelson 's girlfriend and the other rick 's potential paramour ) .
until may 1994 , apple did not have any 68040-powered powerbooks ; prior to that , even macworld reviewers conceded that the best choice for power users was the pc compatible texas instruments 486 notebook rather than apple 's top - of - the - line 68030-powered powerbook 180 .
most of the notebook was empty and he had used the remaining pages to record his income and expenses from his business .
in lead , copies of the venus de ' medici stand in many english and european gardens , sometimes protected by small temples ; in small bronze reductions it figured among the most familiar of the antiquities porn represented in collectors ' cabinets : in greuze 's portrait of claude - henri watelet , ca 1763 - 65 , the connoisseur and author of " l'art de peindre " is shown with calipers and a notebook , regarding a bronze statuette of the venus de ' medici , as if in the act of deducing the ideal proportions of the female figure from the sculpture 's example .
in january 1961 he joined the staff of a new monthly , " miroir du cyclisme " , writing " robert chapatte 's notebook " , but his name vanished from the editorial committee in autumn 1962 .
a laptop / notebook cooler , cooler pad or chill mat is an accessory for laptop computers that helps reduce their operating temperature .
p.d.q. bach & peter schickele : the jekyll and hyde tour is performed with piano accompaniment , and includes " four next - to - last songs " , " shepherd on the rocks , with a twist " , and excerpts from " little notebook for " piggy " bach " .
" suite française " , so far as it was completed , was written in microscopic handwriting in a single notebook ; " tempête " and " dolce " together filled 140 pages , corresponding to 516 published pages .
light manages to track him down and use him " as a pawn " to kill the other eleven members of his team ( he unknowingly used a page of light 's notebook to kill them ) .
since the late 20th century , many attempts have been made to integrate the simplicity of a notebook with the editing , searching , and communication capacities of computers through the development of note taking software .
adaptive systems are used for paper - and - pen insertions , such as using the reverse side of the preceding page in a spiral notebook to make insertions .
for this , he worked from a notebook that he kept while enlisted , writing of the daily lives of enlisted men and his desire to be a part of something larger than himself : the royal air force .
lavey also released other literature to further expand on the ideology , namely " the satanic witch " ( previously published as " the compleat witch " ) , and 2 essay anthologies : " the devil 's notebook " and " satan speaks ! "
in the sequel ninja gaiden 2 , murai is mentioned in one of the fallen black spider ninja 's notebook that ryu hayabusa picks up in his quest .
it is commonly used in usb digital tv receivers for windows and mac due to its small size and power consumption , but the manufacturer also markets it as suitable for portable tvs and notebook computers .
with the notebook missing from hannay 's pocket , they are taken to longkeep castle ( dumbarton castle ) , the headquarters of the german espionage ring , where they are imprisoned by professor fisher ( patrick malahide ) .
as he does so , the lights go out and the ship 's computer states " he shall awake . " the man then takes out the notebook and as he thumbs through the pages , the book emits a red light , and the monitors in the room begin to flicker and display the message " the beast is awake . he shall rise from the pit . "
open notebook science can therefore be described as part of a wider open science movement that includes the advocacy and adoption of open access publication , open data , crowdsourcing data , and citizen science .
" the notebook " was inspired by the story of the grandparents of sparks ' wife , who had been married over sixty years when sparks met them .
bell wrote the " countryman ’s notebook " column in the " eastern daily press " from 1950 , and produced over twenty other books on the countryside , including " apple acre " ( 1942 ) , " sunrise to sunset " ( 1944 ) , " the budding morrow " ( 1946 ) , " the flower and the wheel " ( 1949 ) , " music in the morning " , ( 1954 ) , " a suffolk harvest " ( 1956 ) , the autobiographical " my own master " ( 1961 ) and " the green bond " ( 1976 ) .
she burned it when nothing was left to heat the stove in winter , but she spared her sister 's notebook .
visual schedules are placed on a schedule board or notebook in order to provide a clear expectation for the child .
notebook i of the series had been plotted at least by 1898 , but would not see print until published as " the last miracle " ( 1906 ) .
jamie took a more hands on role with the writing of this album and has stated she keeps a notebook with her at all times for inspiration .
némirovsky 's older daughter , denise , kept the notebook containing the manuscript for " suite française " for fifty years without reading it , thinking it was a journal or diary of her mother 's , which would be too painful to read .
a tablet pc is a special notebook computer that is outfitted with a digitizer tablet and a stylus , and allows a user to handwrite text on the unit 's screen .
" 2003 " - ( " june " ) seagate re - entered the notebook market with its 2.5-inch momentus hard drive .
the american dvd was released on september 19 , 2006 with two commentary tracks , an hour 's worth of making - of featurettes , six deleted and extended scenes , the script and director 's notebook , and trailers for " hard candy " and other lionsgate films .
a player given a yellow card is said to have been " booked " , the referee writing the player 's name in his official notebook .
in 2008 carapelli launched the impulse npx-9000 , which is claimed to be the world 's cheapest notebook , at a wholesale price of u.s. $ 129.00 .
on september 8 , 2008 , nvidia made a deal with large oems , including dell and hp , that nvidia would pay $ 200 per affected notebook to manufacturers as compensation for the defects .
from a charles gayle notebook 1987 - 2006 " ( ugly duckling presse , 2006 ) , a compendium of poetry written while watching saxophonist charles gayle perform throughout new york city in that time period , and " logos and language " , co - authored with pianist matthew shipp ( rogueart 2008 ) and reaching into the unknown , a collaboration with french photographer jacques bisceglia ( rogueart 2009 ) .
it contains a matrix language , a graphical notebook style interface , and a plot window .
currently most reading is of the printed word from ink or toner on paper : a book , magazine , newspaper , leaflet , or notebook .
the search of his room turned up more evidence against him : german coins , a notebook with the content of the first telegram , german addresses , drafts of his letters , and a bus ticket from edinburgh to the firth of forth .
flora 's attraction to him is quite obvious , as she does n't pay attention in class and was doodling his name in her notebook .
the equipment of a trainspotter consists of a data book listing all the locomotives or other equipment in question , in which locomotives seen are ticked off , and a notebook and pens , to note sightings for transfer to the book at leisure .
this allowed it to produce notebook and desktop drives in the largest classes of the time .
see " notebook for anna magdalena bach "
delany often visited the black studio and even worked there on " nova " in his notebook , while fitzgerald worked on his great hyperreal paintings , the two of them drinking white wine together .
discounting 3d television and cinema ( which generally require a plurality of digital projectors whose moving images are mechanically coupled , in the case of imax 3d cinema ) , several stereoscopic lcds are going to be offered by sharp , which has already started shipping a notebook with a built in stereoscopic lcd .
lorenzo lotto himself left many letters and a detailed notebook ( " libro di spese diverse " , 1538 - 1556 ) , giving a certain insight in his life and work .
in 2006 , the register reported that p.a. semi had formed a tight relationship with apple , which would result in p.a. semi promptly delivering processor chips for apple 's personal computer notebook line and possibly desktops .
spit baths has been called " masterful " and " rich and mesmerizing " by the philadelphia inquirer ; a " founding myth for a racially integrated south " by the san francisco chronicle ; and a " luminous new collection " by small spiral notebook .
on october 20 , npr broadcast a reporter 's notebook segment with folkenflik where he described contacting eichenwald , arranging an interview , and spending 13 hours with him , wife , and children , during which eichenwald was beset by several seizures .
juha k. tapio is a finnish writer and critic ( born 17 october 1957 ) whose only novel , " frankensteinin muistikirja " ( frankenstein 's notebook , 1996 ; no foreign translations thus far have been published ) was awarded the helsingin sanomat literary prize for the best finnish first novel of 1996 .
in the 2nd season , for some stories after the story box incident , pinky uses the story pad , a notebook in which pinky draws pictures for her newer made - up stories .
just as ventilator 202 was inventive in the 1980s in the subject matter and style by successfully bringing demo music and broadcast computer software , modulacije continued the similar success in the 1990s . " demo top 10 " of ventilator 202 was replaced by the works of emerging module file artists and created the first " module top 10 " , broadcast directly from mr modli 's notebook computer .
sussex police released a single notebook entry and refused to confirm or deny the existence of other information .
mcadams dated ryan gosling , whom she had met during the making of " the notebook " in 2004 ; they ceased dating in february 2007 .
in " death note " , kira goes on a killing spree assisted by his supernatural notebook , trying to cleanse the world of criminals .
however , these collections did not contain a certain notebook , which was known from photographs in a 1920s newspaper published by the reorganized church of jesus christ of latter day saints .
2002 : jackson browne , jonatha brooke , nerissa & katryna nields , grey eye glances , guy davis , kelly joe phelps , entrain , dave carter & tracy grammer , da vinci 's notebook , 4 way street , and patty blee .
' leonardo - beuys : the notebook as experimental field ' , for volume on joseph beuys . drawings " after the madrid codices of leonardo da vinci " , ed . l. cooke and k. kelly , dia centre , new york ; in german as “ leonardo - beuys :
abram also serves on the editorial board of " this old house magazine " , published by this old house ventures , inc. , also authoring the popular column , " norm 's notebook . "
in the vivienne tam show , models walked the runway carrying hewlett packard mini notebook computers instead of the expected handbag .
this book contains photo copies of the pages in the " lost notebook " .
he began writing a column called " the editor ’s notebook " , which he continues to write over fifty years later .
his thoughts on lifespan , asexual reproduction and sexual reproduction developed in his " b " notebook around mid - july on to variation in offspring " to adapt & alter the race to " changing " world " explaining the galápagos tortoises , mockingbirds and rheas .
home theater systems , blu - ray disc players , dvd recorders , super multi dvd rewriters , cd±rw , notebook pcs , desktop pcs , mp3 players
on many a notebook computer keyboard , the key labeled delete ( sometimes delete and backspace are printed on the same key ) serves the same purpose as a backspace key .
small spiral notebook : n. pag .
sony , hp with their hp 3d driveguard and toshiba have released similar technology in their notebook computers .
in june 2007 , yad vashem publications published english and hebrew translations of the diary , entitled " rutka 's notebook : january - april 1943 " .
the book title comes from the writing that appeared on the cover of the notebook in which it was written , where the rabash himself wrote , " shamati " ( i heard ) .
delyo was mentioned in " historical notebook " , an 18th - century document of disputed authenticity .
their products include products for the telecom industry , and low power , small - package , high - efficiency products for cell phones , handsets , notebook pcs and other portable devices .
small wonder , then , that it took a london - based american with a rucksack , a notebook and a clr jamesian yen for marxism to supply an overdue corrective . "
this was investigated by the police , according to reports a " one - time friend " had taken the notebook from the home where allan stayed with an english couple in 1989 .
and in his notebook of suggestions for the text of operas are found amongst others : " nibelungen " , " lohengrin " and " till eulenspiegel " .
the notebook serves as an organizational tool , a memory aid , and can also have a role in protecting any intellectual property that comes from the research .
the notebook is headed with the date 27 december and the time 12:20 ( 00:20 gmt ) , which does not accord with the date and time given by the other witnesses for the encounter .
miller was also a prolific writer of essays about life on and off the television screen , at " dan miller 's notebook " .
on october 14 , 2008 , at a notebook - oriented event at apple 's headquarters , a new unibody 15 " macbook pro was announced featuring an aluminum unibody construction and tapered sides similar to those of the macbook air .
" donna 's notebook " , an interview segment hosted by donna colburn , was a longtime fixture of the 12 p.m. noon newscast during the 1960s and early 1970s .
all personal notebook models come with windows 7 home premium installed .
" the golden notebook " is a 1962 novel by british nobel prize - winning author doris lessing .
now that maddox has the notebook , however , he intends to kill sally so he can not be identified .
she had great powers of observation from an early age , and a manuscript notebook survives in which she describes her circle .
" this article is about the ballpoint pen , did you mean notebook ? "
he chose to write in solitude , preferring to write longhand in a wire - bound notebook , and refused to attend the opening nights of his plays .
after arresting ferguson , police found pieces of notebook paper in his pockets with angry and race scribbled notes , with the heading " reasons for this " .
lognoter pim 's competitors include microsoft onenote on windows ; barebones software 's yojimbo ; journler ; circus ponies notebook on macintosh ; evernote on windows and macintosh ; and gnote for linux .
immediately after stalin 's death , lavrenty beria supposedly took measures to secure a black notebook , believed to be stalin 's secret diary .
