the imperial college healthcare site shows attention to obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome ( osa ) and very few other disorders , specifically not including insomnia .
the epstein - barr virus , for example , is known to be able to dramatically increase the size of lymphoid tissue during acute infection , and obstructive sleep apnea is fairly common in acute cases of severe infectious mononucleosis .
the us found him obstructive and his description of woodrow wilson as a " mysterious personage " does n't suggest a particularly close relationship .
similar findings were released in april 2009 by the vancouver burden of obstructive lung disease research group .
surgery is generally only effective in obstructive sleep apnea where the obstruction can be effectively removed .
the above report mentions cpap as treatment for obstructive sleep apnea .
nitrazepam should be avoided in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , especially during acute exacerbations of copd , because serious respiratory depression may occur in patients who are receiving hypnotics .
medb insisted " [ b]y the truth of your [ cú roí 's ] valour " ( " [ a]r fír do gascid fritt " ) that he should abandon the competition , obstructive as it proved to be to the progress of the expedition .
tippit and his family were longtime residents of ridgewood , new jersey , but moved to los angeles in 1990 to pursue television roles after he was diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
in a subset of patients with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy , thickening of the heart muscle in a particular part of the interventricular septum causes obstruction to blood being ejected from the left ventricle .
bronchial hyperresponsiveness is a hallmark of asthma but also occurs frequently in people suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
ge was prepared to make a large commitment to time - sharing , while ibm was seen as obstructive .
treatment for uars is essentially the same as that for obstructive sleep apnea .
orthognathic surgery is also available as a very successful treatment ( 90 - 100% ) for obstructive sleep apnea .
skin rash , itching , edema , and , rarely , hemolytic anemia , methemoglobinemia , liver enzyme alterations , obstructive jaundice , leukocytoclastic vasculitis , purpuric maculopapular eruptions , photosensitivity and fever .
acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
models for life drawing classes are often entirely nude , apart from visually non - obstructive personal items such as small jewelry and sometimes eyeglasses .
obstructive obstacles .
cpap treatment can be highly effective in treatment of obstructive sleep apnea .
other macroglobulins include alpha-2 macroglobulin , which is elevated in nephrotic syndrome , diabetes , severe burns , and other conditions , while a deficiency is associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
health consequences fall into two broad categories : those attributable to the effects of increased fat mass ( such as osteoarthritis , obstructive sleep apnea , social stigmatization ) and those due to the increased number of fat cells ( diabetes , cancer , cardiovascular disease , non - alcoholic fatty liver disease ) .
unlike tobacco , regular cannabis use does not appear to cause chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
it may present with lower back pain , renal failure , hypertension , deep vein thrombosis and other obstructive symptoms .
thus one finds in the , deliberative exhortations on any subject in all its facts , may they be constructive or obstructive , inferential or analytical , enlightening or destructive .
people who are more susceptible to hypnosis show changes in erp amplitude between normal states and states of so - called negative / positive obstructive hallucination .
this ended up throwing the entire affair into confusion , and rather than humble , he came across as derisive ; rather than seeming to want to serve the state , he seemed obstructive .
la biomed investigators developed new rehabilitation strategies for millions of sufferers of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) and other disorders .
ipratropium is an example of a bronchodilator that may be useful for people suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , such as chronic bronchitis .
the most commonly observed are congenital obstructive lesions of the left side of the heart , leading to reduced flow on this side of the heart .
peter mason writes that coleridge decided there was no point in relying on a prosecution under the act , which he regarded as deliberately obstructive .
one alarming feature is the reduction of stridor in a child previously demonstrating severe obstructive signs .
shirl jennings passed away from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in 2003 at the age of 63 .
the specific features in down syndrome that predispose to obstructive sleep apnea include : relatively low muscle tone , narrow nasopharynx , and large tongue .
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) and other pulmonary conditions associated with hypoxia may elicit an increased production of red blood cells .
ingham received five - star ratings for : coronary bypass surgery ; cardiac interventions ; treatment of heart attacks ; total knee replacement ; total hip replacement ; back and neck surgery ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease care ; community - acquired pneumonia care .
the sale of lasalle was seen as obstructive by many : as a way of blocking the rbs bid , which hinged on further access to the us markets , in order to expand on the success of the group 's existing american brands , citizens bank and charter one .
a professional cave lighter , whose team hid the new lights in concrete sconces in more creative and less obstructive places than the previous bare bulbs , was hired in the 1980 ’s .
in restrictive lung disease , both the fev1 and fvc are reduced so the fvc ratio is normal or even increased in contrast to obstructive lung disease where this ratio is reduced .
asthma is an obstructive lung disease where the bronchial tubes ( airways ) are extra sensitive ( hyperresponsive ) .
delaying and obstructive tactics .
the presence of central sleep apnea without an obstructive component is a common result of chronic opiate use ( or abuse ) owing to the characteristic respiratory depression caused by large doses of narcotics .
models for life drawing classes are often entirely nude , apart from visually non - obstructive personal items such as small jewelry and sometimes eyeglasses .
obstructive sleep apnea symptoms must be carefully assessed following pharyngeal flap surgery ( ysunza ) .
the obstructive attitude of the government at sydney to new settlers may be illustrated by an extract from a dispatch of the governor , sir george gipps , to lord john russell , dated 11 april 1840 .
like the nuwss , the more militant women 's social and political union ( wspu ) led by emmeline and christabel pankhurst chose to cease their obstructive activism for women 's votes and instead advocated the alignment of british women to the cause of war .
obstructive lung diseases are diseases of the lung where the bronchial tubes become narrowed making it hard to move air in and especially out of the lung .
special equipment may be required for treatment of several disorders such as obstructive apnea , the circadian rhythm disorders and bruxism .
mirizzi syndrome has no consistent or unique clinical features that distinguish it from other more common forms of obstructive jaundice .
health concerns for individuals with down syndrome include a higher risk for congenital heart defects , gastroesophageal reflux disease , recurrent ear infections , obstructive sleep apnea , and thyroid dysfunctions .
individuals who suffer from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease usually have a chronically elevated level of carbon dioxide present in their blood due to their diminished lung function .
snoring , when not associated with any such obstructive phenomenon is known as primary snoring .
the preparation is used in acute and chronic bronchitis ; pneumonia ; bronchiectases ; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ; infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract .
it may be suspected in a patient with obstructive jaundice .
the house of lords , who had long been obstructive , agreed to this .
misdiagnosing an obstructive airway disease can be fatal .
care needs to be exercised in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , especially in those known to retain carbon dioxide ( type ii respiratory failure ) who lose their respiratory drive and accumulate carbon dioxide if administered oxygen in moderate concentration .
treatment of symptoms of obstructive hcm is directed towards decreasing the left ventricular outflow tract gradient and symptoms of dyspnea , chest pain and syncope .
clinical practice guidelines for the management of copd are available from the global initiative for chronic obstructive lung disease ( gold ) , a collaboration that includes the world health organization and the u.s. national heart , lung , and blood institute .
he recovers a little but it is soon clear he is dying from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
the story paid great attention to sinhalese village life giving equal time to marriage traditions , village customs and folk beliefs in a non obstructive documentary - esque manner .
as the child ages , yearly symptom screening for obstructive sleep apnea should be performed .
acute lower respiratory infections ( alri ) and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) are the leading causes of disease and death from exposure to smoke .
many episodes of apnea of prematurity may start as either obstructive or central , but then involve elements of both , becoming mixed in nature .
hyperoxia can also indirectly cause carbon dioxide narcosis in patients with lung ailments such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or with central respiratory depression .
hypoxic hypoxia is seen in patients suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases ( copd ) , neuromuscular diseases or interstitial lung disease .
a sperm granuloma develops from post - vasectomy sperm leakage and somehow it behaves like a safety valve preventing internal pressure build up and ruptures of the delicate epididymis tubules with subsequent obstructive scarring .
budesonide / formoterol is a combination formulation containing budesonide and formoterol used in the management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in the eu .
with the obstructive form of the condition , some part of the sleeper 's respiratory tract loses muscle tone and partially collapses .
there have been reports that many patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have a greatly improved prognosis after pulmonary rehabilitation is completed .
it can be a sign of hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy or of many other types of heart disease .
obstructive sleep apnea .
obstacles to troop movement represent either natural , human habitat originated , constructed , concealed obstacles , or obstructive impediments to movement of military troops and their vehicles , or to their visibility .
sauna has been proposed for treatment of other conditions such as , glaucoma , sjogren syndrome , chronic fatigue syndrome , fibromyalgia , anorexia nervosa , obstructive lung disease , recuperation after childbirth , and also for lifestyle related diseases of , diabetes , arteriosclerosis , obesity , hypertension , hyperlipidemia , atherosclerosis and smoking induced symptoms .
laud was arrested in 1641 and executed in 1645 , after a lengthy trial in which a large mass of evidence was brought , tending to represent him as obstructive of the " godly " and amounting to the whole , detailed puritan case against the royal church policy of the preceding decade .
obstructive sleep apnea .
the network featured the narrowest gauge trams ( 3 ' 6 " ) in mainland britain , due to an act of parliament which deemed that they must be the least obstructive possible .
obstructive shock has much in common with cardiogenic shock , and the two are frequently grouped together .
negotiation for peg television services can be often be hindered by obstructive or restricting behavior from the cable company , a competing cable provider , or the government officials & staff issuing the franchise agreement .
urobilinogen may result from complete obstructive jaundice or treatment with broad - spectrum antibiotics , which destroy the intestinal bacterial flora .
usually , any medical condition where the normal airway is blocked during sleeping , like obstructive sleep apnea , gives rise to snoring .
j. richard steffy passed away from chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder on november 29 , 2007 .
based on its underlying mechanisms , hydrocephalus can be classified into communicating and non - communicating ( obstructive ) .
the first sleep clinics in the united states were established in the 1970s by interested doctors and technicians ; the study , diagnosis and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea were their first tasks .
if spirometry reveals poor respiratory reserve ( often due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ) , surgery may be contraindicated .
he claims that although there are plenty of resources , land and intelligence to manage the enterprise the obstructive claims of private property stand in the way .
on spirometry , as a restrictive lung disease , both the fev1 ( forced expiratory volume in 1 second ) and fvc ( forced vital capacity ) are reduced so the fvc ratio is normal or even increased in contrast to obstructive lung disease where this ratio is reduced .
the tte is highly accurate for identifying vegetations ( masses consisting of a mixture of bacteria and blood clots ) , but the accuracy can be reduced in up to 20% of adults because of obesity , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , chest - wall deformities , or otherwise technically difficult patients .
canakinumab is also in phase i clinical trials as a possible treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and in phase iii studies for muckle - wells syndrome , a rare genetic disease .
disorders , including heart attacks , post coronary bypass surgery , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and pulmonary fibrosis , treatments can benefit from cardiovascular and pulmonary specialized physical therapists .
their disease may be confused with another chronic obstructive pulmonary disease such as emphysema or chronic bronchitis .
for example it was claimed that students were often unruly and high obstructive with little in the way of punishment for their actions .
the epworth sleepiness scale has been validated primarily in obstructive sleep apnea .
frere dismissed his obstructive cabinet and entrusted mr ( afterwards sir ) gordon sprigg to form a ministry .
the pressure is increased until the obstructive symptoms ( snoring and periods of apnea ) have disappeared .
the treatment for obstructive sleep apnea in adults with poor oropharyngeal airways secondary to heavy upper body type is varied .
in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , carbon dioxide toxicity can be prevented by careful control of the supplemental oxygen .
he died august 4 , 2004 from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and is recognized for his contributions to modern spiritual practice .
a relaxation of the genioglossus and geniohyoideus muscles , especially during rem sleep , is implicated in obstructive sleep apnea ( osa . )
patients with end stage emphysema or chronic obstructive lung disease always end up with right heart failure .
comorbidities include asthma , obesity , snoring , halitosis , and obstructive sleep apnea .
tobacco use most commonly leads to diseases affecting the heart and lungs , with smoking being a major risk factor for heart attacks , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , emphysema , and cancer , particularly lung cancer , cancers of the larynx and mouth , and pancreatic cancer .
in many parts of the world , the most common cause of obstructive lung disease is lung scarring after tuberculosis infection .
the usage of tobacco also increases rates of infection : common cold and bronchitis , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , emphysema and chronic bronchitis in particular .
heliox is used mainly in the alleviation of many medical conditions that involve a decrease in airway diameter ( and consequently increased airway resistance ) , such as upper airway obstruction , asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , bronchiolitis , vocal cord dysfunction and croup .
this can often be distressing to those who are not diagnosed , and sometimes it can be obstructive .
many people with this condition also frequently stop breathing altogether for short periods of time during sleep ( obstructive sleep apnea ) , resulting in many partial awakenings during the night , which leads to continual sleepiness during the day .
health consequences are categorised as being the result of either increased fat mass ( osteoarthritis , obstructive sleep apnea , social stigma ) or increased number of fat cells ( diabetes , some forms of cancer , cardiovascular disease , non - alcoholic fatty liver disease ) .
it was originally established , " to protect independent schools from obstructive legislation and regulation " .
it is characterized by a barking cough ; a whistling , obstructive sound ( stridor ) as the child breathes in ; and hoarseness due to obstruction in the region of the larynx .
the most common cause is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) with emphysematous bullae .
but people who have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) or obesity hypoventilation syndrome may also need to use assisted ventilation .
ipratropium is also combined with albuterol ( salbutamol ) ( trade names combivent and duoneb , in italy known as breva ) for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) and asthma .
the socialists had been fired up by the behaviour of grand duchess marie - adélaïde , whose interventionist and obstructive streak had stymied even eyschen .
cough can also worsen in an acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
henry has been diagnosed with advanced obstructive arterial disease .
treatment of anaplastic - type carcinoma is generally palliative in its intent for a disease that is rarely cured and almost always fatal , with worse prognosis associated with large tumours , distant metastases , acute obstructive symptoms , and leukocytosis .
for example , patients who are immobilized , or live in remote or difficult to reach places , citizens who have chronic ailments , such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , diabetes , congestive heart disease , or disabilitating diseases , such as neural degenerative diseases ( parkinson 's disease , alzheimer 's disease , als ) , etc . , may stay at home and be " visited " and assisted regularly by a nurse via videoconferencing , internet , videophone , etc .
on the evening of august 7 , 2008 , around 9:00pm , brillstein died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at a los angeles hospital .
pathophysiology of uars is similar to obstructive sleep apnea / hypopnea syndrome in that abnormal airway resistance in the upper airway during sleep leads to unwanted physiologic consequences .
she recently lodged a written declaration on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) which gained 183 signatures and the backing of the british lung foundation and european respiratory society .
obstructive sleep apnea occurs when the upper airway becomes narrow as the muscles relax naturally during sleep .
she died from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on 1 august 2006 at her home in la jolla , san diego , california .
biofeedback therapists use pneumograph biofeedback with patients diagnosed with anxiety disorders , asthma , chronic pulmonary obstructive disorder ( copd ) , essential hypertension , panic attacks , and stress .
in concomitant presence of emphysema , the underlying condition can be classified as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , and the exacerbations termed " acute exacerbation of copd " , and shares many characteristics with that of aecb .
results of polysomnography in obstructive sleep apnea show pauses in breathing .
he continued : " unpaced solitary speedmen perform magnificently , unobtrusively , with no obstructive crowds and give no offence .
fibre optic bronchoscopy is often performed to exclude obstructive lesion ; it also helps in bronchial drainage of pus .
obstructive sleep apnea is the most common category of sleep - disordered breathing .
it has antiinflammatory effects and is under development as an orally administered drug for the treatment of inflammatory conditions of the lungs such as asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema .
codeine should not be given to patients with or at risk of developing respiratory failure , to those receiving monoamine oxidase inhibitors , and to those suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
in both primary pulmonary hypertension , pulmonary embolism and acute exacerbations of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , right ventricular strain with increased wall tension and ischemia .
thus , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , in which red cells are rapidly produced in response to low oxygen levels in the blood , often produces mild macrocytosis .
many people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have a low partial pressure of oxygen in the blood .
despite its unusual layout and location ( the cinema sits in front of an obstructive edifice ) , the cinema has achieved a steady flow of cinema - goers over the years , and thrives on popular arthouses films , usually keeping the most successful releases running until just before dvd release .
a sega typically develops in the region of the foramen of monro , in which case it is at risk of developing an obstructive hydrocephalus .
these actions led many observers to the conclusion that the court was likely to be obstructive to all legislative efforts to cope with the depression , and to remain wedded to the precedents of the " lochner " era .
chronic bronchitis , a type of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , is defined by a productive cough that lasts for 3 months or more per year for at least 2 years .
clinical studies in patients with chronic obstructive lung disease have demonstrated the efficacy and tolerability of erdosteine .
formby was born blind due to an obstructive caul .
posterior urethral valves are an obstructive congenital defect of the male urethra .
people with obstructive sleep apnea often do not remember awakening or having difficulty breathing , but they complain of excessive sleepiness during the day .
[ ... ] until we had a majority here , it was obstructive , and now that we have a majority here it is useless " .
hypertrophy of the tonsils can result in snoring , mouth breathing , disturbed sleep , and obstructive sleep apnea , during which the patient stops breathing and experiences a drop in the oxygen content in the bloodstream .
obstructive .
the academy meets twice a year , and accept board certified new members who pledge to provide patients with the state of the art thyroid treatment ; for example ultrasound , ultrasound guided biopsy , interventional thyroid ultrasound to treat thyroid cysts , and cancer lymph nodes with ethanol , percutaneous ethanol injections ( pei ) , nuclear thyroid studies , such as i/123,131 uptakes , scans , and therapy doses of i/131 for thyroid cancer , graves ' disease , toxic nodular goiter , and large obstructive nontoxic nodular goiters .
apnea of prematurity can be readily identified from other forms of infant apnea such as obstructive apnea , hypoventilation syndromes , breathing regulation issues during feeding , and reflux associated apnea with an infant pneumogram or infant apnea / sleep study .
this central apnea is most commonly noted while on cpap therapy after the obstructive component has been eliminated .
in an individual with either central , obstructive or mixed sleep apnea , these low doses may be enough to cause life - threatening irregularities in breathing .
the opposite party claimed that the principle of unanimity had been breached by the obstructive conduct of merely three cardinals of the imperial faction , who stubbornly refused to recognize the candidate desired by the rest of the sacred college .
she is the daughter of ted koppel ( television journalist ) and grace anne dorney koppel ( attorney and spokesperson for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) ) .
nocturnal awakenings are more common in older patients and have been associated with depressive disorders , chronic pain , obstructive sleep apnea , obesity , alcohol consumption , hypertension , gastroesophageal reflux disease , heart disease , menopause , prostate problems , and bipolar disorders .
the university has concluded human clinical testing of oral interferon in a five - year study of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and continues its study of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
due to the american medical association 's ( ama ) " obstructive tactics , however , which caused numerous delays " , writes o'neill , the ama had called for mass vaccinations in early 1962 employing sabin 's vaccine rather than salk 's .
however , no known investigations by the faa or other agencies were undertaken , nor any special public concern for safety expressed following the incidents , despite their potentially obstructive presence in a controlled commercial approach and departure corridor where lofting of obstacles would be taken very seriously and generally acted upon by law enforcement agencies .
obstructive respiratory functional impairment , synonymous with emphysema ; wheezing , reminiscent of bronchial asthma ; and coughing with sputum production resembling that of chronic bronchitis can all be found with dpb .
respiratory fibrosis , respiratory failure , interstitial pneumonitis , and chronic interstitial obstructive pulmonary disease .
in the 1960s , various further discoveries were made that led to the distinction between obstructive sleep apnea and sleep hypoventilation .
this may actually " cause " obstructive sleep apnea syndrome in susceptible individuals , particularly in the days following surgery , when swelling occurs ( see below : special situation : anesthesia and surgery ) .
because of severe obesity , obstructive sleep apnea is a common sequela , and a positive airway pressure machine is often needed .
we who voted for the endangered species act with the honest intentions of protecting such glories of nature as the wolf , the eagle , and other treasures have found that extremists with wholly different motives are using this noble act for meanly obstructive ends ....
being a woman , the presence of musculoskeletal disease , heart disease , obstructive sleep apnea , cataplexy , doing physical activities close to bedtime and the presence of a mental disorder were significantly associated with having a higher risk of both plmd and restless legs syndrome .
specifically it is a thiol derivative developed for the treatment of chronic obstructive bronchitis , including acute infective exacerbation of chronic bronchitis .
obturator ” or obstructive effect within the pharynx during sleep , blocking ports of airflow and hindering effective respiration .
choking horses should be deprived of food and drink pending veterinary attention , so as not to increase the obstructive load within the esophagus .
obstructive purpura is a skin condition that may result from mechanical obstruction to circulation , with resulting stress on the small vessels leading to purpura .
obstructive tonsillar hypertrophy is currently the most common reason for tonsillectomy .
in obstructive shock , the only therapy consists of removing the obstruction .
the minister of health informed he had diabetes and also was suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
patients with hypothyroidism , diabetes , nephrotic syndrome , dysproteinemia , obstructive liver disease , kidney disease , or alcoholism should consult their doctor before taking this medication .
kamami claimed that it was not only a successful treatment for snoring , but also for obstructive sleep apnea .
the murmur increases with squatting , decreases with standing and isometric muscular contraction , which helps distinguish it from hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy ( hocm ) .
patients report critical reductions in levels of physical activity and a reduction in the complexity of activity has been observed , with reported impairment comparable to other fatiguing medical conditions such as late - stage aids , lupus , rheumatoid arthritis , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , and the effects of chemotherapy .
the areas on which it focuses research are related to the treatment of asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis , psoriasis and other dermatologic alterations .
tobacco use leads most commonly to diseases affecting the heart and lungs , with smoking being a major risk factor for heart attacks , strokes , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , emphysema , and cancer ( particularly lung cancer , cancers of the larynx and mouth , and pancreatic cancer ) .
other causes of lung cancer include secondhand smoke , air pollution , asbestos , and lung diseases like tuberculosis ( tb ) and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
other symptoms that have been described include cervical dystonia , corneal endothelial degeneration autism , and surgery - resistant obstructive sleep apnea .
children with hurler syndrome often die before age 10 from obstructive airway disease , respiratory infections , and cardiac complications .
marfan syndrome has also been associated with sleep apnea and idiopathic obstructive lung disease .
laboratories at icapture primarily study cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases , such as viral myocarditis , respiratory tract infections , asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , and vascular injury among others .
it is also used in the treatment of obstructive post - renal disease , in combination with urine alkanization .
also , a cachexia co - morbidity is seen in patients that have any of the range of illnesses classified as " copd " ( chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ) , particularly emphysema .
in 2006 , maureen stapleton , who was a heavy smoker , died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at her home in lenox , massachusetts , at the age of 80 .
the surgical treatment for velopalatal insufficiency may cause obstructive sleep apnea syndrome .
there was a crane , which in 1789 was said to be ' much out of repair , useless and obstructive ' .
of note is that the real - life mechanical designer , shōji kawamori , deliberately gave the vf-25 a slim profile to allow transformations to gerwalk or battroid modes occur with full armor packs still attached ; this is in contrast to most of the earlier variable fighter designs , in which the attachments had to be ejected first due to their physically obstructive nature .
finally , some physicians worry that obstructive sleep apnea may worsen with testosterone therapy , and should be monitored .
snorelift is a procedure for treatment of snoring and mild obstructive sleep apnea syndrome .
imaging studies may be performed if a patient is to be evaluated for neurodegenerative disease or to determine the obstruction in obstructive sleep apnea .
the basic pathology is some kind of obstructive pathology in the portal , hepatic or splenic vein that causes obstruction of venous blood flow from the spleen towards the heart .
she had been suffering from asthma , reactive airways dysfunction syndrome , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and gastroesophageal reflux disease ; she believed that the cause of these ailments was her exposure to toxic substances at " ground zero " .
in the later years of the republic , attempts were made by the aristocracy to limit the increasing level of chaos associated with the obstructive tendencies and democratic impulses of some of the senators .
breathing is interrupted by the " lack of respiratory effort " in central sleep apnea ; in obstructive sleep apnea , breathing is interrupted by a physical block to airflow " despite respiratory effort " .
in some individuals , the effect of oxygen on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is to cause increased carbon dioxide retention , which may cause drowsiness , headaches , and in severe cases lack of respiration , which may lead to death .
it is included in a group of diseases called chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or copd ( pulmonary refers to the lungs ) .
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
wan tan presented a study at the american thoracic society 2007 international conference showing that smoking marijuana and tobacco together more than tripled the risk of developing chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) over just smoking tobacco alone .
issues of effective communication between the operators must be managed to ensure safety is assured where potentially noisy or visually obstructive conditions occur .
the procedure is performed in response to cases of repeated occurrence of acute tonsillitis or adenoiditis , obstructive sleep apnea , nasal airway obstruction , snoring , or peritonsillar abscess .
blood tests of liver function in patients with cholangiocarcinoma often reveal a so - called " obstructive picture , " with elevated bilirubin , alkaline phosphatase , and gamma glutamyl transferase levels , and relatively normal transaminase levels .
co2 retention is a problem in various respiratory diseases , particularly chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
the basic craft arrangements consist of a centrally positioned control console and leaning post with an open work deck and low non - obstructive gunwhales .
obstructive jaundice and carcinoma gallblader .
the pillar procedure is a relatively new treatment for obstructive sleep apnea and snoring .
the stanford protocol is a combination of surgeries that are undertaken to treat obstructive sleep apnea .
the mammillary bodies are parts of the brain known to be significantly damaged by untreated obstructive sleep apnea hypoxia , and associated with deficiency of thiamine .
in 1881 , the catholic church in bosnia and herzegovina was reformed after hundreds of years of obstructive ottoman - rule .
obstructive purpura .
following the explosion of knowledge in the field of genetics and epidemiology over the last decades , his interests have expanded to include consideration of the genetics of complex diseases such as obstructive sleep apnea and bicuspid aortic valve disease ; he continues to care for patients with orphan diseases and to teach residents and students .
it introduced a second - generation xanthine bronchodilator , doxofylline , which is used for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) patients .
mutation of the cftr gene is found to result in obstructive azoospermia in postpubertal males with cystic fibrosis .
-1 : obstructive .
meaning they have little or nothing in common and are n't very supportive of each other ( though the semi - sextile is " slightly " beneficent , maybe because it 's half - way between a conjunction and a sextile whereas the quincunx is neutralized by being between a positive 120-degree trine and an obstructive 180-degree opposition ) .
illnesses that disease management would concern itself with would include : coronary heart disease , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) , kidney failure , hypertension , heart failure , obesity , diabetes mellitus , asthma , cancer , arthritis , clinical depression , sleep apnea , osteoporosis , and other common ailments .
obstructive uropathy is a structural or functional hindrance of normal urine flow , sometimes leading to
with charcot , he performed important research of obstructive biliary cirrhosis , and in 1877 published " etude sur la sclérose latérale amyotrophique " , which was a study on " charcot disease " , better known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( als ) .
the shape of the curve is affected by some forms of lung disease ; in general there are obstructive conditions such as bronchitis , emphysema and asthma , in which the mixing of gases within the lung is affected .
salmeterol is a long - acting beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist drug that is currently prescribed for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
• new approaches to exercise rehabilitation for victims of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
they are also used to underground easily damaged and obstructive infrastructure or utilities ( such as gas mains , water mains or telephone lines ) .
in addition , on february 13 , 2006 , sepracor filed a new drug application ( nda ) for brovana , patented by gunnar aberg and john morley , phd ( also launched under john simon ) to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
in 2005 , r. gregory stevens , a republican operative and advisor , was found dead in fisher 's house due to an overdose of oxycontin compounded by obstructive sleep apnea ..
di montezemolo died at age 83 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
a third patient died on june 29 , a 55-year old man who presented chronic obstructive pulmonary disease due to smoking .
a common example being the usage of inhalers in the treatment of inflammatory lung conditions such as asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
also , a group of parasites known as " liver flukes " can live in the common bile duct , causing obstructive jaundice .
however , in a small percentage of cases there is a consistently present difference greater than 10 mmhg which may need further investigation , e.g. for obstructive arterial disease .
lung ailments such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) cause the narrowing of airways in the lungs , limiting airflow and causing shortness of breath .
obstructive sleep apnea shows pauses in breathing for at least 10 seconds causing a decrease in blood oxygen and associates with physical attempts to breathe .
he died in september 1957 from a smoking - related disease now known as congestive obstructive pulmonary disorder .
similar reports found instances of other diseases such as lung cancer , pneumoconiosis , tuberculosis , chronic obstructive respiratory disease , as well as diseases of the blood .
such disorders include sleepwalking and sleep terrors , which are associated with other stages of sleep , nocturnal seizures and obstructive sleep apnea which can induce arousals from rem sleep associated with complex behaviors .
the first step in diagnosis is to exclude other acute obstructive illnesses in the region of the larynx , such as epiglottitis , a foreign body , or angioneurotic edema of the epiglottis .
the minister of war ordered the creation of an investigative commission , directed by the honored general juan picasso gonzález , which developed the report known as the " expediente picasso " , which , despite calling out numerous military mistakes , owing to the obstructive action of various ministers and judges did not go so far as to lay political responsibility for the defeat , which popular opinion widely placed upon king alfonso xiii , who according to several sources had encouraged silvestre 's irresponsible penetration of positions far from melilla without having adequate defenses in his rear .
studies of miners and astronomers working at 3000 meters and above show improved alveolar po2 with full acclimatization , yet the po2 level remains equal to or even below the threshold for continuous oxygen therapy for patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
unlike hofmeyr , content to allow matters to develop at their own pace , trusting that the seventy year old kruger and his obstructive policies would not last much longer , rhodes feared that the growing wealth of the transvaal would give them the decisive voice in any future union negotiations .
it is administered by inhalation for the treatment of obstructive lung diseases .
a series of further filings resulted in the objectors being admonished by the commission for " frivolous and obstructive pleadings " on may 28 , 2009 .
in males , an enlarged prostate gland is a common cause of obstructive anuria .
similarly , in any person who has some form of sleep apnea ( including obstructive sleep apnea ) , breathing irregularities during sleep can be dangerously aggravated by taking one of these drugs .
after some time cziffra banned eweler from the studios for excessive and obstructive criticism .
dpb has been called a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , or copd ( chronic lung diseases that cause breathing difficulties attributed to altered respiratory function , narrowing of air passages and increased production of mucus ) .
bronchiolitis obliterans ( bo ) , also called obliterative bronchiolitis ( ob ) and constrictive bronchiolitis ( cb ) , is a rare and life - threatening form of non - reversible obstructive lung disease in which the bronchioles ( small airway branches ) are plugged with granulation tissue .
examination of the second aiming point , " northern caen " , failed to reveal a 90% zone , but it was noted that the obstructive effect of bombing a suburb was significant , and had caused substantial delays to vehicles of both sides by cratering and blocking roads .
in men with obstructive azoospermia , sperm is found in all sites and in all locations on the fna map .
obstructive sleep apnea ( osa ) is the most common category of sleep - disordered breathing .
a relatively recent advance in the treatment of sinusitis is a type of surgery called functional endoscopic sinus surgery ( fess ) , whereby normal clearance from the sinuses is restored by removing the anatomical and pathological obstructive variations that predispose to sinusitis .
patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) may exhibit deepened lateral costophrnic angles due to hyperaeration of the lungs and cause a false deep sulcus sign .
the fev1/fvc ratio is a calculated ratio used in the diagnosis of obstructive and restrictive lung disease .
obstructive lung disease in adults ; liver cirrhosis during childhood ; when a newborn or infant has jaundice that lasts for an extended period of time ( more than a week or two ) , an enlarged spleen , ascites ( fluid accumulation in the abdominal cavity ) , pruritus ( itching ) , and other signs of liver injury ; persons under 40 years of age that develops wheezing , a chronic cough or bronchitis , is short of breath after exertion and/or shows other signs of emphysema ( especially when the patient is not a smoker , has not been exposed to known lung irritants , and when the lung damage appears to be located low in the lungs ; when you have a close relative with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency ; when a patient has a decreased level of a1at .
in individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and similar lung problems , the clinical features of oxygen toxicity are due to high carbon dioxide content in the blood ( hypercapnia ) .
the main strand of the health forecasting project is forecasting the risk of exacerbation for people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) .
obstructive shock .
sleep apnea can be categorized as obstructive sleep apnea ( osa ) or central sleep apnea .
it has been safely used for respiratory disease , including allergies , asthma , and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ) in humans , cats , and horses ( " funtumia " contains no substances prohibited by any equine sport or racing authority ) .
combination therapy with paricalcitol and trandolapril has been found to reduce fibrosis in obstructive uropathy .
