adenoids can also obstruct the nasal airway enough to affect the voice without actually stopping nasal airflow altogether .
second , although acknowledging he feigned mental illness , the defendant stated he did so to amuse himself and without specific intent to obstruct justice , and that therefore the court erred in so charging him and enhancing his sentence accordingly .
heavy and more slowly running freight trains will no longer obstruct the passage of faster ices .
de lesseps was similarly not deterred by the opinions entertained , in france as well as in england , that the sea in front of port said was full of mud which would obstruct the entrance to the canal , and that the sands from the desert would fill the trenches -- no adverse argument , in a word , could dishearten lesseps .
comparable to the common basic speed rule , most jurisdictions also have laws prohibiting speeds so low they are dangerous or obstruct the normal flow of traffic .
within the park , former overhead electrical lines have been buried so they do not obstruct views , all lighting is shielded , and all white lights have been converted to red , which has the least effect on night vision and astrophotography .
these small whitish plugs , termed " tonsilloliths " and sometimes known as " tonsil stones , " have a foul smell and can contribute to bad breath ; furthermore , they can obstruct the normal flow of pus from the crypts , and may irritate the throat ( people with tonsil stones may complain of the feeling that something is stuck in their throat ) .
however , a major political battle began when the government tried to systematically obstruct the installation of a parliamentary commission of investigation ( cpi ) to investigate the growing corruption scandal .
any magistrate could obstruct ( veto ) an action that was being taken by a magistrate with an equal or lower degree of magisterial powers .
lighting - adjusted so that it is ideal for examinaton and the examiner does not obstruct the light falling on the patient .
authorities must undertake market surveillance ( reg.36 ) and make information available to the public ( reg.39 ) it is a crime to obstruct an officer of an enforcement authority , punishable on summary conviction to a fine of up to level 5 on the standard scale ( reg.24(1 ) ) .
what was happening was that as more air was pumped out of the tube , there were fewer gas molecules to obstruct the motion of the electrons , so they could travel a longer distance , on average , before they struck one .
as the child becomes older , classes that are ' too easy ' and emotional issues may slow or obstruct the rate of intellectual development .
this configuration keeps the center of gravity low on the bicycle , improving the handling and control , and also does not obstruct the forward vision of the rider .
as the referendum approached , many " yes " campaigners began to predict defeat , and some even expressed relief after the french rejection of the treaty , taking the view that this would prevent the netherlands from being the first or only country to obstruct the course of ratification , even though they also expressed dismay that the french result had given the " no " campaign greater legitimacy and acceptance , and had suggested to the public that the netherlands ' standing in europe would not be significantly damaged by a " no " vote , with some going as far as saying that the netherlands would look like a fool in front of the rest of europe .
this ballot measure was opposed by south dakota governor mike rounds . " in a july letter to the industry association , south dakota gov. mike rounds said promoters might have good intentions , but the proposed initiative would unduly burden and obstruct interstate commerce . "
the subpoenas are served and delayed by burrell and rawls who then put lieutenant charles marimow in charge of major crimes to obstruct freamon .
in the early 1950s , the israeli chief rabbinate originally objected to the immigration of karaite jews to israel , and unsuccessfully tried to obstruct it .
cottle opposes but does not obstruct baltar 's treatment method , which uses the blood of sharon agathon 's unborn child , calling it " un - natural " .
symptoms do not arise until the worms have reached the adult stage and obstruct the bronchial airways leading to asthma - like symptoms and coughing .
a strong proponent of mahayana buddhism , he did not interfere or obstruct the growing presence and dissemination of theravada buddhism during his reign . "
on february 6 , 2009 , the mv " steve irwin " collided with the " yushin maru № 2 " as the activist vessel attempted to obstruct the transfer of a whale up the slipway of the factory ship " nisshin maru " .
though the rotunda fireplaces survive ( except for one that would obstruct a golf course view ) , plans for a boutique hotel onsite and extensive back lot condominium development are said to have been shelved .
while some games were simple races , others allowed one team to obstruct another .
sometimes , pantomimed disputes would erupt between judges , as one celebrity would attempt to physically obstruct another from gonging the act .
when provincial cabinet minister rosann wowchuk announced the project , wyatt objected on the grounds that it could obstruct transit , and bring foul odours and water contamination to the area .
it is a crime to obstruct the regulator , punishable on summary conviction by a fine of up to level 5 on the standard scale .
seemingly deliberate schemes were being devised to obstruct the morayshire coaches from entering onto the iajr line .
palestinian commentators accused sharon of purposely inflaming emotions with the event to provoke a violent response and obstruct success of delicate ongoing peace talks .
also south american rainforests tend to have more lianas as there are fewer large animals to eat them compared to africa and asia ; these lianas would aid climbers but obstruct gliders .
maya ( illusion ) ) , kamadeva was the hindu counterpart of the mara , the ' evil one ' , who attempted to obstruct the buddha from attaining enlightenment .
after the production of the anime , tatsunoko production and mitsuhisa ishikawa , the producer of " zillion " , established production i.g to obstruct the dispersing of the excellent staffs of tatsunoko branch which had done actual production .
unable to construct falsework to erect the arches because they would obstruct river traffic , eads 's engineers devised a cantilevered rigging system to close the arches .
the contrived acronym stands for " uniting and strengthening america by providing appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism act of 2001 " ( public law ) .
in 1756 the tower arches were removed and loftier ones inserted , as it appears that the floor of the original belfry was so low as to obstruct the perspective view of the church , but these alterations weakened the whole structure and 30 years later the tower became dangerous .
nasal discharge becomes mucopurulent and may obstruct the nose .
both types of dysfunction can obstruct to flow through the sphincter of oddi and can therefore cause retention of bile in the biliary tree and pancreatic juice in the pancreatic duct .
the towers are controversial as some citizens believe the towers will partially obstruct the view of the halifax harbour from citadel hill .
controversy has also developed over the pepsi globe 's appearance and that it will obstruct nearby residents ' views of new york city .
it was alleged that , in september 1993 , judge and others at the conservative central office had resorted to " old tricks " to obstruct trustees ' inquiries .
herds of these animals obstruct military base operations and harm native ecosystems .
these landmarks , like the area , gleaned their names from the legend of bevis of hampton , who was said to have thrown up the mound of dirt that became bevois mount to obstruct the danes in their endeavours to cross the river itchen .
the ghostery notification box is no longer kept hidden but moved slightly towards the center of the page , in order to not obstruct donation buttons or license information .
evergreen is founded on the belief that the atonement of jesus christ enables every soul the opportunity to turn away from all sins or conditions that obstruct their temporal and eternal happiness and potential .
these conditions develop as the tonsils enlarge and begin to obstruct other areas of the throat .
stones are most commonly found in the submandibular gland , where stones can obstruct wharton 's duct .
the complaint also says during an interview on february 17 with the sec in memphis , tennessee , pendergest - holt " continued to obstruct the sec 's investigation by saying she had no knowledge of the tier iii portfolio . "
proper throw insures that the shutter will comfortably " frame " the window - not obstruct or detract from window detail .
this transformation was never quite made in the spanish navy where the " gentlemen " continued to obstruct operations throughout the age of sail .
another factor to consider is that vegetation can obstruct mobility .
dik - diks seek habitats with plentiful supply of edible plants such as shrubs , but prefer foliage that is not so tall as to obstruct their sight lines .
it does not however obstruct the phagocytic or other defense roles of granulocytes .
non - sliding or para - esophageal hernias can be dangerous as they may allow the stomach to rotate and obstruct .
presiding u.s. district court judge susan illston chided chevron ’s attorneys for keeping silent , and intimated that they may have done so on purpose to delay or otherwise obstruct the plaintiffs ' claims .
as the finns had retreated in the northern areas they had carried out a scorched earth policy , destroying all housing and infrastructure to obstruct the soviet advance .
these have the benefit that they do n't obstruct the entrance or exit to the car as much as conventional scissor doors .
his behavior towards the ottomans was an obstruct to the greek tactic , because many times , it was necessary to co - operate with the ottoman officers against the bulgarian enemy .
batters must run in straight lines between bases and fielders must not obstruct their way or stand on bases .
to aid them , they summoned the mean green cannon machine to obstruct the beetleborgs .
the cells featured a rear - contact cell design that placed wires on the underside of the cells , so as not to obstruct the cells ' exposure to solar radiation .
this doctrine , which was known as " vansittartism " , was quite influential in britain and the u.s. the morgenthau plan drew on it , and vansittartist attitudes helped obstruct contacts between the western allies and the german resistance .
it is a crime to obstruct the regulator , punishable on summary conviction by a fine of up to level 5 on the standard scale ( s.10 ) .
in exchange , the government agreed that no building directly to the north of jardine house would ever be built to obstruct its views .
theophilus t. garrard from camp dick robinson at lancaster to secure the ford on the rockcastle river , establish a camp at the heavily forested wildcat mountain , and obstruct the wilderness road passing through the area .
the canopy includes a wrap - around windscreen and a glass roof , side windows and body panels ( which lift upwards , lowering the sills ) , and the top roof section of the interior fascia ( which moves inwards so it does n't obstruct entry / exit ) ..
the word now also describes a variety of structures to control or direct road traffic , such as posts arranged in a line to obstruct the passage of motor vehicles .
labor unrest is a term used by employers or those generally in the business community and sometimes in a community writ large and of law enforcement personnel to describe organizing and strike actions undertaken by labor unions , especially where become violent or where industrial actions in which members of a workforce obstruct the normal process of business and generate industrial unrest are essayed .
impurities can be destructive when they obstruct the working nature of the material .
s.3 of the official secrets act 1920 states that “ no persons shall in the vicinity of any prohibited place obstruct any member of her majesty ’s forces ” .
south korea has constructed a separation barrier between its territory and north korea to obstruct any southward movement by the army of north korea .
during their journey , both will face the diabolical powers who will obstruct their plans , the lack of faith and the death of those they love .
the easement states " 1 ) an easement for the purpose of preserving an arc of visibility within the radial arc of 360 degrees with the stipulation that nothing will be constructed maintained or permitted of a height sufficient to interfere with or obstruct the arc of visibility of said light .
it is common law that buskers or others should not impede pedestrian traffic flow , block or otherwise obstruct entrances or exits , or do things that endanger the public .
the ethical perfection of the christian consists in the perfection of love , which requires such a disposition " that we can act with speed and ease even though many obstacles obstruct our path " ( mutz , " christl .
however , huang realized that news articles should be comprehensible enough to be read by many people and that the use of classical chinese language might obstruct the flow of expression .
mitsuhisa ishikawa , the producer of " zillion " , founded the studio to obstruct the dispersing of the excellent staffs of the tatsunoko branch .
initially only the brown minions are available but eventually the overlord will regain command of the others that are essential in overcoming obstacles that obstruct further progression of the story .
maintaining a clean diamond can sometimes be difficult as jewelry settings can obstruct cleaning , and oils , grease , and other hydrophobic materials adhere well to a diamond .
there is no need to close or obstruct one eye to avoid confusion , as is common with monocular telescopes .
after the first curve , competitors may break for the inside , as long as they do not deliberately obstruct or push another competitor .
details later would come to light in the trial that suggested that dorsey supposedly had ordered the killing in order to obstruct an expected probe into corruption occurring during his own tenure as sheriff .
at such ballparks , the seating area is raised such that the dugouts do not obstruct the spectators ' view .
on july 10 , 2002 , dorsey was convicted of ordering brown 's assassination in order to obstruct brown 's expected probe into corruption occurring in the dekalb county sheriff 's office during dorsey 's term .
contemporary economic sociology focuses particularly on the social consequences of economic exchanges , the social meanings they involve and the social interactions they facilitate or obstruct .
reiss argued that it was more effective to engage with pupils ' ideas about creationism , rather than to obstruct discussion with those who do not accept the scientific version of the evolution of species .
sailors must take care not to obstruct this movement with their head .
the water has to be clear , without culverts , dams , or anything that might obstruct the flow of the river .
fretilin boycotted the meeting in protest of apodeti 's presence ; representatives of udt and apodeti complained that this was an effort to obstruct the decolonization process .
it may obstruct the cerebrospinal fluid flow , causing increased intracranial pressure .
on spain ’s atlantic coast , bird lovers , fisherfolk , and tourism officials have joined forces to oppose the creation of offshore wind farms , claiming that they wreak havoc on birds’ migratory patterns , obstruct navigation channels , and blight the coastline ”
it was considered to be a capital offense to harm a tribune , to attempt to harm a tribune , or to attempt to obstruct a tribune in any way .
in 1553–1554 , cossack hetman dmytro vyshnevetsky gathered together groups of cossacks , and constructed a fort designed to obstruct tatar raids into ukraine .
police officers may intervene if tellers " irritate voters , exert undue influence or obstruct the polling station . "
a pinch valve is a full bore or fully ported type of control valve which uses a pinching effect to obstruct fluid flow .
however , the novel also depicts bolívar as an idealist and political theorist who predicted many problems that would obstruct latin american advancement in the future .
however , just after few weeks , from the reasons still not clear , the red army and nkvd started to obstruct the delegation 's work and finally the puppet " national committee of transcarpatho - ukraine " was set up in mukachevo under the protection of red army .
dilatory tactics or motions , in parliamentary procedure , are those used to delay or obstruct business , annoy the deliberative assembly , or , in legislative procedure , to delay consideration of a subject for other reasons .
opponents may blame this law for being too vague ( with regard to what exactly " at " an intersection means ) , non - standard and visitor - unfriendly ( as compared with laws in most other places ) and question how vehicular drivers can know and see if a school bus on a side road is loading or unloading , especially if buildings obstruct their vision .
nor did king penda obstruct the preaching of the word among his people , the mercians , if any were willing to hear it ; but , on the contrary , he hated and despised those whom he perceived not to perform the works of faith , when they had once received the faith , saying , " they were contemptible and wretched who did not obey their god , in whom they believed .
judging from archaeological evidence , the helmet was an evolution of the kegelhelm or kegel type of the archaic era found in argos . the " illyrian " type helmet did not obstruct the wearer 's critical senses of vision though the first two varieties hampered hearing .
their ruler , aliko , was initially cool to this party , and when manquer arrived to obstruct their journey , he imprisoned the party , where several of the portuguese died .
the sauber team owner and manager at the time , peter sauber has however denied these allegations and said " ferrari never expressed the desire that we should obstruct an opponent of schumacher on the track " .
under the auspices of citizens united , brown issued letters to 100,000 donors to citizens united , asking for money and saying that he had proof that president bill clinton had engaged " in a massive cover - up and conspiracy to obstruct justice " in the investigations surrounding the whitewater controversy .
the crude steel and concrete bars that hold the tram wires obstruct the full height of the structure .
the creation of the non - intervention committee did not obstruct the sending of gold to france , and the government of prime minister largo caballero , formed in september of the same year , continued the former government 's policy .
eyschen was not alone in letting his principles obstruct government business .
in the led - up to the 2001 campaign period , human rights watch reported that , while mmd meetings and rallies were often carried out with ease , government authorities tended to obstruct events organized opposition parties and ngos . flexing the public order act ( poa ) , where breaches of the act yield a maximum of seven years imprisonment , opposition meetings
the academy no longer is functioning and the building was torn down beginning in september 2007 , due to then mormon church president gordon b. hinckley not wanting any buildings to obstruct the view to and from the nauvoo temple .
however , in the middle ages , prominent rabbis tried to heavily obstruct any attempt by such husbands to remarry ; for example , these rabbis insisted that such remarriage should be forbidden unless at least 100 rabbis , from at least three different countries , had first signed their consent to the remarriage of the man in question .
justice holmes suggested that the speech had a " natural tendency " to obstruct the draft .
because it tried to obstruct this process the senate was abolished in 1936 .
that profession did n't attract me , because its formalities would obstruct my own perception of the surrounding world " .
because this orientation can obstruct standard headgear , it is not uncommon for contrabass players to wear a beret instead of whatever else the rest of the ensemble is wearing for headgear .
in a number of circles his name has become a verb , meaning to unfairly obstruct scientific research for political gain .
it is a fact that there is a large number of lacuna in the inscription , which obstruct its correct reading and because of its mutilated condition has given rise to unnecessary controversies .
he came into news during the alleged murder of iranian - canadian photojournalist zahra kazemi by official security forces , as he claimed he was repeatedly forced by saeed mortazavi to declare false information to obstruct the investigation into kazemi ’s death .
with one expression pehar may help someone , and with another he may obstruct someone , but his actions are not conceivable to ordinary thought .
according to the st. louis " post - dispatch , " o'connell induced another st. thomas alumnus — father brian driscoll — to obstruct justice by playing the role of bagman in an attempt to quiet further disclosure of allegations of sexual molestation .
the calcium oxalate crystals or precipitate ( better known as kidney stones ) can obstruct the kidney tubules .
he stated that selfishness could obstruct the market economy from running morally .
though the mansion is filled with many surreal pitfalls and booby traps that slow and obstruct the officer , he eventually traps the killer and unmasks him , revealing him to be the opening - sequence host , who confesses , " i dood it " , before bursting into tears .
for the most part , westerly 's citizens identify themselves with the town , as opposed to the village in which they reside ( with the exception of the shelter harbor , watch hill and weekapaug non - residents who , in years past , have sought to restrict access to their communities through the privatization of roads as well as erecting gates to obstruct access ) .
the obstacles that originate from the human habitat can be converted by troops into constructed obstacles by either performing additional construction , or executing demolitions to obstruct movement over the transport network , to create a choke point , or to deny traversing of an area to the enemy .
in march 1939 davis was indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and defraud the united states , stemming from an allegation that he was bribed by the famous film producer william fox .
genet himself participated in the theatrics during the opening - night performance when he accused zadek of the " attempted murder " of his play and attempted to obstruct the performance physically , though police officers prevented him from entering the theatre .
their attorney , former supreme court justice john a. campbell ( who had retired due to his confederate loyalties ) , was then involved in a number of cases in new orleans designed to obstruct radical reconstruction .
at this meeting , officials were instructed not to obstruct the hindu rage following the incident .
timber trestles remain common in some applications , most notably for bridge approaches crossing floodways , where earth fill would dangerously obstruct floodwater .
if a horse draws a stone tied to a rope , the horse ( if i may so say ) will be equally drawn back towards the stone : for the distended rope , by the same endeavour to relax or unbend itself , will draw the horse as much towards the stone , as it does the stone towards the horse , and will obstruct the progress of the one as much as it advances that of the other .
although port militarization resistance had earlier said they would not obstruct the return of equipment , the group changed its mind in response to the shipment .
it is also important to place bike racks far enough away from doorways , sidewalks , or paths where it may obstruct traffic flow .
its southern and western slopes are covered in deciduous and pine forests which also obstruct the view from the highest peak " velika slivnica " .
these actions were taken to undermine the seniority system , and to reduce the ability of a small number of senior members to obstruct legislation they did not favor .
lords had plenty of other means by which they could obstruct the government 's programme .
four hundred soldiers were stationed at the entrance of the detroit river to obstruct any further advance from rogers ' troops .
this was introduced to the house as the " provide appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism ( patriot ) act of 2001 " , and was later passed by the house as the " uniting and strengthening america ( usa ) act " ( h.r. 2975 ) on october 12 .
another effective maneuver used by the u.s. pilots was a simple break , which consisted of turning sharply across an attacker 's flight path , which worked well because the large nose of the zero tended to obstruct the pilot 's view .
a subsurface dyke is built in an aquifer to obstruct the natural flow of groundwater , thereby raising the groundwater level and increasing the amount of water stored in the aquifer .
băsescu and his supporters in the democratic party also suggested that his political opponents would try to modify the electoral law in order to obstruct a previously suspended president to run in the elections again , following a rolandas paksas scenario .
7 of the 11 members of the guardian ’s office pled guilty to just a single count of conspiracy to obstruct justice .
once again , political passions and a darkened past between families threaten to obstruct the purity of love .
camp bling , the long running uk based road protest camp was set up in southend - on - sea in essex during september 2005 to obstruct a £ 25 m plan to widen the priory crescent section of the a1159 road over the royal saxon tomb in prittlewell .
today anti picking methods include the use of side wards ( which obstruct the key way ) and security pins .
he argues that the majority , particularly justice callinan , preferred the plain meaning of the " migration act " because for them " the key principle at play is simple : the court should not frustrate parliament 's purpose or obstruct the executive . "
epithelial cells have the ability to phagocytize debris such as dead tissue and bacterial matter that would otherwise obstruct their path .
biliary sems are used to palliatively treat tumours of the pancreas or bile duct that obstruct the common bile duct .
if these air bubbles obstruct blood vessels , this is known as an air embolism .
where in " limpus v london general omnibus company " an omnibus driver chose to disobey strict instructions from his employer , to obstruct a rival company , they were still liable , as he was merely engaging in his duties in an unauthorised way .
and be it further enacted , that any person who shall knowingly and willingly obstruct or hinder such claimant , his agent , or attorney , in so seizing or arresting such fugitive from labor , or shall rescue such fugitive from such claimant , his agent or attorney , when so arrested pursuant to the authority herein given and declared ; or shall harbor or conceal such person after notice that he or she was a fugitive from labor , as aforesaid , shall , for either of the said offences , forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred dollars .
maintaining a clean diamond can sometimes be difficult , as jewellery settings can obstruct cleaning efforts , and oils , grease , and other hydrophobic materials adhere well to a diamond 's surface .
v. to army corps commanders alone is entrusted the power to destroy mills , houses , cotton - gins , etc ... , and for them this general principle is laid down : in districts and neighborhoods where the army is unmolested , no destruction of such property should be permitted ; but should guerrillas or bushwhackers molest our march , or should the inhabitants burn bridges , obstruct roads , or otherwise manifest local hostility , then army commanders should order and enforce a devastation more or less relentless according to the measure of such hostility .
situated north - west of the township , the residence sits halfway up the slope of the volcano vesuvius without other buildings to obstruct the view .
it was also one that at least some elements of the german state apparatus might be expected to obstruct or fail to co - operate with .
the server can not use his body or clothing to obstruct sight of the ball ; the opponent and the umpire must have a clear view of the ball at all times , if the ball is interfered with in any way the players must replay the point .
the tories and the ccf combined to obstruct business in the house for weeks before the liberals were finally able to pass the measure .
the lawsuit alleged that several top executives at the apa and asa attempted to destroy careers , charging that from 1986 to 1992 they resorted to improper influence of witnesses in state court litigations , filed untrue affidavits , attempted to obstruct justice in federal litigations , deceived federal judges , and committed wire and mail fraud .
link navis can also get rid of obstacles that obstruct megaman 's path , allowing him to reap rewards like mystery data containing rare items , or allowing access to net navis with secret information .
in 1982 , moon was charged with three counts of willfully filing false federal income tax returns ( for the years 1973 , 1974 , and 1975 ) under , and one count of conspiracy -- under -- to file false income tax returns , to obstruct justice , to make false statements to government officials , and to make false statements to a grand jury .
high - rise development is restricted at certain sites if it would obstruct protected views of st. paul 's cathedral .
certain applications such as outdoor signaling for traffic , railways , etc . , using fluorescent lamps do not benefit from the so - called waste heat generated by incandescent lamps in melting snow and ice which can build up and obstruct visibility .
further downstream , the rindge dam is now filled with gravel and serves only to obstruct the movement of fish .
in 1957 lawrence defended john bodkin adams and in 1958 he successfully defended charles ridge , chief constable of brighton , england , who was charged with conspiracy to obstruct the course of justice by taking bribes .
in rural areas of southeast iowa , veterinarians attempting to test cattle were increasingly met by large groups of farmers mobilized to obstruct the tests .
although it has been said that the main reason for the adoption of this non - standard gauge was to obstruct any french invasion attempts , it was a technical decision to allow for the running of larger , more powerful locomotives in a mountainous country .
in 1630 the mackay and munro highlanders had marched to schivelbein ( schiefelbein , now świdwin ) a small fortified place in brandenburg , known as schivelbein castle , in order to obstruct the passage of the austrians , who were advancing for the relief of colberg .
back at castle rayn , prince poynt appears cleverer than he looks , and tells sherriff falshed to follow the weasels and obstruct them in their quest .
it is surrounded by tall trees , with a ravine and the steep slope of fort hill elevating the house above the road , both of which obstruct the view of the house from it .
the tongariro roll cast is used to cast a fly line in situations where there are obstacles behind the caster that obstruct the angler from using traditional fly casting techniques .
this is also a good example of a grimshaw : in the third move the black rook and the black bishop mutually obstruct in the point of intersection e4 .
moreover , the post - world war i amount was subject to frequent recalculations , which encouraged germany to obstruct payments .
small pieces of silicon dioxide are equally harmless , as long as they are not large enough to mechanically obstruct the gi tract , or jagged enough to lacerate its lining .
it is an offence to assualt or obstruct an officer .
however , many members of parliament , already infuriated by stead 's tactics , sought to obstruct any alterations to the laws .
an arrest warrant is issued where it appears necessary " to ensure the person 's appearance at trial , to ensure that the person does not obstruct or endanger the investigation or the court proceedings , or , where applicable , to prevent the person from continuing with the commission of that crime or a related crime which is within the jurisdiction of the court and which arises out of the same circumstances " .
instead , wills claims : " minorities can make use of dispersed and staggered governmental machinery to clog , delay , slow down , hamper , and obstruct the majority .
as voters and grassroots volunteers , we will support leaders who work toward positive solutions , and hold accountable those who obstruct them .
walsh tells mosely and the fbi of his plan to deliver serrano to them ( even though the disks to be used in the sting are blank , serrano 's taking possession of them would be enough to indict him for conspiring to obstruct government evidence ) , but will only carry it out if he is allowed to return mardukas to moscone personally and collect his money .
at the same time , however , they presented china as " scheming " to distort and obstruct japanese goodwill in order to turn western opinion against japan .
despite the secret agreement allowing for kinyoun 's removal , gage went back on his promise of assisting federal authorities and continued to obstruct their efforts for study and quarantine .
it could eliminate , wiping out if it chose , any other challenging rival intellects ; alternatively it might manipulate or persuade them to change their behaviour towards its own interests , or it may merely obstruct their attempts at interference .
when the school began to grow towards prominence some people with vested interest tried to obstruct progress on religious lines .
selrap does not declare a view on the proposed new road provided that its construction does not obstruct or hinder full reinstatement of a double track railway .
in this regard it urged the parties to refrain from actions that may obstruct a peaceful settlement of the issue and to negotiate within the minsk group , welcoming the latter 's preparations for a monitoring mission in the region .
radicals opposed the creation of provisional state governments , and moderates were frustrated by a number of lawsuits instigated by provisional southern governors attempting to obstruct congressional reconstruction .
a campaign group , fitwatch , formed in 2007 that aim to obstruct fits and conduct sousveillance on the officers .
before the beginning of the uprising , bcp and the internal macedonian revolutionary organization ( imro ) concluded an agreement , according to which bcp would not stir up the population in pirin whereas imro would not obstruct the uprising 's organization in other parts of the country .
players may also feign injury , kick the ball away ( now a mandatory yellow card offence ) , obstruct the taking of a quick free kick by an opposing player , or delay the taking of their own free kicks or throw ins .
inflammation of the brain tissue may also obstruct the normal flow of csf around the brain ( hydrocephalus ) .
formula one 's governing body emphasised that the international sporting code would be enforced on the basis that drivers are free to drive as they wish " provided they do not deliberately endanger another driver or repeatedly obstruct him on a straight " , following incidents during the year involving hill and schumacher .
processes , however inappropriate and ineffective , are implemented with rigor and tend to obstruct work .
the city of anaheim , eager for tax revenue these hotels would generate , did little to obstruct their construction .
however , when these two chemicals are mixed together , an insoluble crystal is formed , that can rapidly obstruct the kidneys and cause renal failure .
in exchange , magruder was allowed to plead guilty in august 1973 to a one - count indictment of conspiracy to obstruct justice , defraud the united states , and eavesdrop on the democratic party 's national headquarters at the watergate hotel .
state officials said the abrogation ended an abuse of ceqa by individuals seeking to obstruct the project ; at the signing ceremony , governor arnold schwarzenegger said he would " terminate the frivolous lawsuit . "
starfish and brittle stars prevent the growth of algal mats on coral reefs , which would obstruct the filter - feeding constituent organisms .
in the early 1950s , the israeli chief rabbinate originally objected to the immigration of karaite jews to israel , and unsuccessfully tried to obstruct it .
former rebel gary diamond ( giuliano gemma ) , now a guide , leads a pair of union soldiers to obstruct sanders before he can pull off a raid on fort yuma .
when an emperor was vested with the tribunician powers , his office and his person became sacrosanct , and thus it became a capital offense to harm or to obstruct the emperor .
you’ve got 16 people who have taken a look at the facts and the law in a very detailed and time - consuming way , and they have all reached the same conclusion , which is that he stole money from this company and he tried to obstruct the investigation . "
any magistrate could obstruct ( " veto " ) an action that was being taken by a magistrate with an equal or lower degree of magisterial powers .
it is an offence to obstruct them .
member of the european parliament johannes voggenhuber accused the spö of " forming an axis with those groups which try to obstruct european integration through referendums . " ( " [ ... ] eine achse mit jenen gruppen zu bilden , die versuchen , mit der volksabstimmung die europäische integration zu behindern . " ) .
second : forming a national unity government composed of 30 ministers distributed among the majority ( 16 ministers ) , the opposition ( 11 ministers ) and the president ( 3 ministers ) , and by virtue of this agreement , all parties commit not to resign or obstruct the government ’s actions .
although the black pawns also obstruct the white bishop on e2 , it has many more attacking possibilities , and thus is a good bishop vis - a - vis black 's bad bishop .
the court held that the landlord was responsible for the constructive eviction of a tenant when the landlord allowed another lessee to obstruct the tenant 's light and air .
in a revealing testimony to this panel , ex - gujarat bharatiya janata party ( bjp ) minister haren pandya ( since murdered ) testified that narendra modi had called an evening meeting of ministers and instructed officials not to obstruct the hindu rage following the godhra train burning .
the motc 's plan was less expensive and required less time to construct , but would obstruct the scenery in the surrounding area .
langley , who tried to interfere with max 's search of his son , killed an actor who played a role in the episode " busted " in order to obstruct max and liz 's plan and ultimately resulted on their arrest .
russia pledged not to obstruct japanese investment in the commercial and economic development of korea , thus explicitly acknowledging korea to be within japan 's sphere of influence .
fitzwilliam claimed this meant that whilst the administration would not put forward emancipation , they would not obstruct it should it pass the irish parliament .
it can be triggered by medications , urinary tract infections , mental impairment , restricted mobility , and stool impaction ( severe constipation ) , which can push against the urinary tract and obstruct outflow .
they will include bottom measurements , with particular emphasis on those marine geographical features that pose a hazard to navigation such as rocks , shoals , reefs and other features that obstruct ship passage .
the authorities were focusing on him seeking to obstruct and deny him the opportunity to speak out .
he says that natural selection has come up with an elaborate work - around of the eyes wobbling back - and - forth to correct for this , but it has not transitioned to like that of cephalopods where the optic nerve does not obstruct the view .
liddy , along with sgt . edward ortiz and former officer michael buchanan , were the first to be charged with conspiring to obstruct justice by then - los angeles district attorney gil garcetti based on perez 's testimony .
the act also makes it a criminal offence to it is an offence to assault , resist or obstruct an accredited person in the execution of their duty , impersonate an accredited person , or for an accredited person to suggest that they have powers which exceed the powers they actually hold .
finally , by july 2007 , shaheed openly accused gayoom of manipulating and corrupting the parliament for his personal gain while saeed and jameel resigned to protest over gayoom ’s attempts to obstruct the reform road map .
the uppermost story of the park now has a white and black screen behind the top row of seats and is topped by a flat canopy roof supported by black steel truss supports that obstruct the view of a few seats .
in a typical brachiopod a stalk - like pedicle projects from an opening in the hinge or from a hole in the larger valve , attaching the animal to the seabed but clear of silt that would obstruct the opening .
adenoids can also obstruct the nasal airway enough to affect the voice without actually stopping nasal airflow altogether .
a stricture is a narrowing of the urethra severe enough to obstruct flow .
a spite fence is an overly tall fence typically constructed between adjacent lots by a property owner who is annoyed with , or wishes to annoy , a neighbor or who wishes to completely obstruct the view between lots .
" the mob tried to obstruct his progress to the capitol , and even threw stones .
it does not include a ceiling so as not to obstruct the view .
the most common ways include planting foliage to obstruct the views , adding themed exteriors to the visible areas , painting visible surfaces with colors that camouflage with the surroundings , and adding mounds of earth ( berms ) or solid walls between the guests and the buildings .
syrinxes usually result from lesions that partially obstruct csf flow .
even though some modifications were implemented , such as a changed antenna base that did not obstruct turret rotation , early 1937 , when newer types were available , all char d1s in mainland france were phased out , with the exception of the nc31s .
the construction was set to start during the summer , as its initiation would not obstruct teaching .
delays and jurisdictional changes may be sought to obstruct union plans for a quick and straightforward campaign .
the building was deliberately constructed inside the grounds of gyeongbokgung palace , the former korean imperial palace , to obstruct the view of gyeongbokgung from central seoul and to legimitize japanese rule , and all but 10 buildings of the palace , of 400 , were demolished ; further demolitions were prevented only by a campaign by japanese intellectual muneyoshi yanagi .
justice mahlon pitney asserted that the machinist union 's coercive action constituted an unlawful conspiracy to “ obstruct and destroy ” ( p. 460 ) the interstate trade of complainant , a company with which they were not “
frank envoys from either bartolemew or the venetians had been sent to alexandria , egypt to ask for the intervention of the mamluk sultan qalawun against the genoese , on the grounds that the genoese might potentially dominate the levant and obstruct or eliminate mamluk trade if left in power .
special military courts that try serious offenses allow defense counsel but the judges often obstruct the lawyers in their work , " the survey said .
apparently ( judging from artistic and archaeological evidence ) the most popular helmet during the archaic and early classical periods , the style gradually gave way to the more open thracian helmet , chalcidian helmet and the much simpler pilos type , which was less expensive to manufacture and did not obstruct the wearer 's critical senses of vision and hearing as the corinthian helmet did .
the object will be made transparent to the player so it will not obstruct the player 's point of view during gameplay .
this effect has been likened to three dimensional textured privacy glass — the smoke cloud does not simply obstruct an image , but thoroughly scrambles both visual and infrared radiation , interfering with infra - red optics and weapon - tracking systems , serving as a protection for military forces from guided weapons such as anti - tank missiles .
the goalkeeper is allowed to use any part of their body to deflect the ball , although they ca n't obstruct its play ( for example by lying on top of it ) , and they can only do so within the goal circle ( or " d " ) , and goalkeepers who are wearing a helmet are not permitted to pass their team 's 23 m line , with the exception of goalkeepers who take penalty strokes .
the october 2 , 1937 , issue of the " socialist appeal " included a convention call from the so - called " left wing " to " all locals and branches of the socialist party , " accusing the nec of the party of having " betrayed the principles of socialism " by withdrawing the party 's candidate for mayor of new york in favor of laguardia and for having ordered " the bureaucratic expulsion of all the revolutionary members of the party who oppose and obstruct this sell - out policy . "
the southern democratic bloc of senators and congressmen continued to obstruct attempts at federal legislation .
the legal status of bosnia was seriously considered with an effort to prevent the possible destruction of austro - hungary and to obstruct the solution of the yugoslav question .
most of the houses overlook the lake with no buildings to obstruct the view .
furthermore , the use of one - way closed - circuit tv did not considerably obstruct the jury 's observation of the child 's testimony .
article 86(2 ) ec states clearly that nothing in the rules can be used to obstruct a member state 's right to deliver public services , but that otherwise public enterprises must play by the same rules on collusion and abuse of dominance as everyone else .
they assured the chinese of japan 's continued large - scale development and commercial assistance , and to obstruct any sino - soviet realignment against japan .
sir william waller 's army held bath , to obstruct their further advance .
it splits the touch surface away from the screen , so that user fatigue is reduced and the users ' hands do n't obstruct the display .
since plebeian tribunes ( as well as plebeian aediles ) were technically not magistrates , they relied on the sacrosanctity of their person to obstruct .
the national caucus of labor committees was charged , along with others , of conspiring to obstruct justice .
thus , i agree with you that in that i believe that some of these apparent clusters can obstruct clear thinking .
however , the best currents may be unavailable because the turbines would obstruct ships .
a national pressure group therefore is not aiming to determine policy , it is seeking to obstruct it .
in february 2003 , brown 's appointed police chief , earl sanders , and several top officials at the san francisco police department were arrested for conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into an incident involving off - duty officers that was popularly called " fajitagate " .
on august 2 , 1949 , because all the efforts of u.s. imperialism to obstruct the victory of the chinese people 's revolution had completely failed , leighton stuart had to leave china quietly .
the first defender has the main responsibility for what the opponent in possession does , seeking to obstruct dangerous passes .
the site was special because it needed development , was not on any of the " sight lines " ( planning guidance requires that new buildings do not obstruct or detract from the view of st paul 's dome when viewed from a number of locations around london ) , and it had housed the baltic exchange .
