a solution proposed by erik sandewall was to include a new condition of occlusion , which formalizes the “ permission to change ” for a fluent .
the cause of death was a coronary occlusion , causing a heart attack .
while the technique of tracheal occlusion remains under study in clinical trials , exit procedures have been shown to be useful for management of other causes of foetal airway obstruction .
the rubin test became a standard test to check the tubes in the investigation of causes of infertility and was claimed to be able to open up tubes in some patients with tubal occlusion .
medial medullary syndrome , also known as inferior alternating syndrome , hyploglossal alternating hemiplegia , or lower alternating hemiplegia , is a set of clinical features resulting from occlusion of vertebral artery or of branch of vertebral or lower basilar artery .
therefore , some surgeons will use a balloon occlusion catheter to stop the blood flow and allow time for ethanol to work .
duct tape occlusion therapy .
as a consequence , these rigid blood cells are unable to deform as they pass through narrow capillaries , leading to vessel occlusion and ischaemia .
duct tape occlusion therapy .
he died suddenly , of a coronary occlusion , while on holiday in keswick , cumbria .
teeth wear in v - shaped marks indicates tooth occlusion , suggesting that vulcanodontids processed food orally when feeding .
laterals are " l "- like consonants pronounced with an occlusion made somewhere along the axis of the tongue , while air from the lungs escapes at one side or both sides of the tongue .
a prenasalized stop starts out with a lowered velum that raises during the occlusion .
long term use of an oral or systemic steroid can also cause skin fragility , although not as evident as topical steroid under occlusion .
occlusion culling .
occlusion derived virus ( odv ) is present in a protein matrix ( polyhedrin or granulin ) and is responsible for the primary infection of the host while the budded virus ( bv ) is released from the infected host cells later during the secondary infection .
furthermore , normal tooth contact is compensated physiologically by the periodontal ligaments ( pdl ) and the arrangement of dental occlusion .
the virions are embedded in a protein matrix to form the structures referred to as polyhedra or occlusion bodies .
all of this can now be previewed within hexagon using its new ambient occlusion .
this coordination often necessitates that the surgeon be trained in dentistry , where complex concepts of occlusion between upper and lower teeth are taught .
moreover , an infant ’s basic understanding of the universe , like object permanence or occlusion effects , is not innate at birth .
additional congenital anomalies , effects on other organs , and less common features of jbs have included : imperforate anus ( occlusion of the anus ) , vesicoureteral reflux ( reversal of the flow of urine , from the bladder back into the ureters , toward the kidneys ) ; duplex of the uterus and vagina in female infants , neonatal cholestasis of the liver , with cirrhosis and portal hypertension ( high blood pressure in the hepatic portal vein ) ; dilated cardiomyopathy , dextrocardia ( congenital displacement of the heart to the right side of the chest ) , atrial and ventricular septal defect ; low birth - weight , failure to thrive , hypotonia ( decreased muscle tone ) ; sacral hiatus ( a structural deficiency of the sacral vertebrae ) , congenital cataracts , and cafe - au - lait spots .
opengl 1.5 added support for vertex buffer objects ( vbos ) , occlusion queries , and extended shadowing functions .
he died at salt lake city of a coronary occlusion .
sonography can demonstrate tubal abnormalities such as a hydrosalpinx indicative of tubal occlusion .
they are used to protect tooth and restoration surfaces , manage mandibular ( jaw ) dysfunction , and stabilize occlusion or create space prior to restoration procedures .
the test uses a low - frequency tuning fork to test for the occlusion effect .
mcgirr died of a coronary occlusion at homebush , inner - western sydney , survived by his wife , daughter and two sons .
it should be regarded as an orthopaedic emergency as further slippage may result in occlusion of the blood supply and avascular necrosis ( risk 25% ) .
various research papers on cattle slaughter collected by compassion in world farming mention that " after the throat is cut , large clots can form at the severed ends of the carotid arteries , leading to occlusion of the wound ( or “ ballooning ” as it is known in the slaughtering trade ) .
without an infection , the thrombus may become detached and enter circulation as an embolus , finally lodging in and completely obstructing a blood vessel , which unless treated very quickly will lead to tissue necrosis ( an infarction ) in the area past the occlusion .
images through the detection of the borders of the occlusion of the finger ’s joint .
in 1969 and 1970 both he and his wife were hospitalised , in his case with a coronary occlusion .
it gives surfaces a great sense of depth and detail , permitting in particular self - occlusion , self - shadowing and silhouettes ; on the other hand , it is the most costly of this class of techniques owing to the large amount of additional geometry .
in the simplified example of the door and the light , occlusion can be formalized by two predicates formula_16 and formula_17 .
examination of phylogenetic frameworks reveals that dental occlusion developed independently in several lineages through dental and mandibular morphologes , suggesting that the evolution and radiation of tetrapod herbivores occurred simultaneously within various lineages .
stent occlusion because of thrombosis may occur during the procedure , in the following days , or later .
it usually results from acute occlusion of the iliac and femoral veins due to dvt .
a bilateral salpingectomy will lead to sterility , and was used for that purpose , however less invasive procedures have become available as tubal occlusion procedures .
if one of the heart valves is affected , this may cause dysfunction , such as mitral regurgitation in the case of left - sided coronary occlusion that disrupts the blood supply of the papillary muscles .
magnetic resonance angiography is used to generate images of the arteries in order to evaluate them for stenosis ( abnormal narrowing ) , occlusion or aneurysms ( vessel wall dilatations , at risk of rupture ) .
known pitfalls of this method are insufficient occlusion , subarachnoid hemorrhage , hyperthermia , and necrosis of the ipsilateral extracranial tissue .
compared to a completely open ear canal , the occlusion effect can boost low frequency ( usually below 500 hz ) sound pressure in the ear canal by 20 db or more .
further , using fluoroscopy or hysteroscopy proximal tubal occlusion can be overcome by transcervical catheter recanalization .
treatments involving the occlusion of one eye and the use of a prism fitted over an eyeglass lens have both been shown to provide relief from micropsia .
left atrial appendage occlusion is an experimental alternative to anticoagulants .
in those cases , however , the map of the video game was provided directly , alleviating the need to deal with real - world perceptual tasks like object recognition and occlusion compensation .
in " tarchia " , wear facets indicative of tooth - to - tooth occlusion is present ( barret , 2001 ) .
the reversal procedures are frequently impermanent , with occlusion of the vas recurring two or more years after the operation .
halstead 's principles are the basic principles of surgical technique regarding tissue handling , vascular occlusion etc .
physiological postnatal occlusion .
garwood died from a coronary occlusion and cirrhosis of the liver in los angeles on december 28 , 1950 .
in october 2007 , doctors reported the princess had suffered an infarction on the left side of her brain as a result of occlusion of a cerebral artery .
in medicine ( gastroenterology and hepatology ) , budd - chiari syndrome is the clinical picture caused by occlusion of the hepatic veins .
ambient occlusion .
postmiliarial hypohidrosis is a skin condition that results from occlusion of sweat ducts and pores , and may be severe enough to impair an individual 's ability to perform sustained work in a hot environment .
this design is intended to reduce the occlusion effect .
the basis for this distinction in treatment regimens is that st segment elevations on an ecg are typically due to complete occlusion of a coronary artery .
there are two types of occlusion , warm and cold .
" two thirds " of the patients who have ga1 will receive little benefit from the treatment for ga1 but can benefit from treatments given to victims of middle cerebral artery occlusion , aids dementia and other basal ganglia disorders : brain implants , stem cell neurorestauration , growth factors , monoaminergic agents , and many other neurorehabilitation strategies .
this can be treated with occlusion , and any refractive error can also be corrected .
periods of insufficient blood flow may be due to cardiac arrest or the occlusion of an artery by an embolism , as occurs in the case of strokes .
hepatic encephalopathy type b may arise in those who have undergone a tips procedure ; in most cases this resolves spontaneously or with the medical treatments discussed below , but in a small proportion of about 5% , occlusion of the shunt is required to address the symptoms .
if the occlusal surfaces of the teeth or the supporting structures have been damaged due to dental neglect , periodontal diseases or trauma , the proper occlusion should be restored .
left atrial appendage occlusion is an experimental treatment to prevent stroke in atrial fibrillation .
like permanent mcao , craniotomy is required and common carotid artery ( cca ) occlusion can be combined .
mallinckrodt gmbh developed the disposable ett and produced a plethora of design variations , adding the ' murphy eye ' to their tubes in case of ' accidental ' placement of the tube to avoid right bronchial occlusion .
they noted that the snout shape of " argochampsa " is unusual among crocodilians , with only pholidosaurids and " terminonaris " having similarly shaped snout tips , and suggested that this layout may have facilitated precise occlusion .
laa occlusion can be used as an alternative for patients who can not use oral anticoagulants such as warfarin , although it has been studied and approval is sought as an alternative in patients who are eligible for oral anticoagulants .
in some patients coronary occlusion causes only mild pain , tightness or vague discomfort which may be ignored : the myocardium is however damaged .
there are a number of successful treatments for dry eyes including artificial tears , prescription tears and punctal occlusion .
" this therapy is frequently followed by a fixed multibracket therapy to align the teeth and refine the occlusion .
a repositioning splint may look similar to a traditional night guard , but is designed to change the occlusion , or bite , of the patient .
duct tape occlusion therapy ( dtot ) : is a method for treating warts by keeping them covered with duct tape for an extended period .
three small instruments ( 5 mm each , less than ¼-inch ) are used to remove the occlusion and prepare the two segments of the tube to be reconnected .
all patients in the de zwann 's study with characteristic findings had more than 50% stenosis of the left anterior descending artery ( mean=85% stenosis ) with complete or near - complete occlusion in 59% .
the last occlusion by a planet took place on 8 april 1976 by mars and before that on 10 june 1940 by mercury .
in the absence of fracture and dislocation , occlusion of blood vessels becomes the major cause of death , rather than asphyxiation .
pre - treatment might include the application of an anesthetic cream under occlusion for 45 to 90 minutes prior to the laser treatment session .
in advanced stages the forces can cause trauma , such as occlusion of venous flow or hematoma .
this can be tested by a variety of methods including iontophoresis of acetylcholine , direct administration of various vasoactive agents to segments of blood vessels , localised heating of the skin and temporary arterial occlusion by inflating a blood pressure cuff to high pressures .
transient transcranial middle cerebral artery occlusion .
because of the lack of opposing force and the natural eruptive potential of the tooth there is a tendency for the tooth to erupt out of the line of the occlusion .
the full extent of the damage caused by occlusion of the anterior choroidal artery is not known .
" kaatsu " ( aka ' occlusion training ' and ' blood flow restricted exercise ' ) is an exercise method involving compressing the vasculature proximal to the exercising muscles to reduce blood flow to the limb .
a series of synchronic lenitions involving opening , or loss of occlusion , rather than voicing is found for post - vocalic /p
a carbogen mixture of 95% oxygen and 5% carbon dioxide can be used as part of the early treatment of central retinal artery occlusion .
laminal consonants in some languages have been recorded with a broad occlusion ( closure ) covering the entire front of the mouth , from the hard palate to the teeth .
in a cold occlusion , the air mass overtaking the warm front is cooler than the cool air ahead of the warm front and plows under both air masses .
although ophthalmologists and orthoptists believe that exercises can improve binocular vision control , they believe it does not purely improve monocular visual acuity such as that in amblyopia ( rather , occlusion is the therapy of choice ) , change a person 's refractive error , improve general physical fitness or agility or improve intelligence .
this allows developers of 3d rendering applications to add 3d complexity in textures , which correctly change relative to perspective and with self occlusion in real time ( self - shadowing is additionally possible ) , without sacrificing the processor cycles required to create the same effect with geometry calculations .
when injecting spheres into the cerebral circulation , their size determines the pattern of brain infarction : macrospheres ( 300 – 400 µm ) induce infarcts similar to those achieved by occlusion of the proximal mca , whereas microsphere ( ~ 50 µm ) injection results in distal , diffuse embolism .
this will allow the posterior occlusion to reestablish at the new increased ovd , stabilizing the increased interocclusal space .
blood is most commonly drawn from the radial artery because it is easily accessible , can be compressed to control bleeding , and has less risk for occlusion .
in the industry , ambient occlusion is often referred to as " sky light . "
dowling died on april 14 , 1946 of a coronary occlusion in fairfield , connecticut .
parallax occlusion mapping is used to procedurally create 3d definition in textured surfaces , using a displacement map ( similar to a topography map ) instead of through the generation of new geometry .
tae involves the selective catheterization of a hepatic artery followed by embolic occlusion .
the major cause for distal tubal occlusion is pelvic inflammatory disease ( pid ) , usually as a consequence of an ascending infection by chlamydia or gonorrhea .
the terms are sometimes used as synonyms , although this is technically inaccurate as the thrombosis refers to the occlusion , while the infarction refers to the necrosis due to the consequent loss of perfusion .
the latest generation of the technology is called umbra occlusion booster and it is specifically optimized for multi - core systems such as xbox 360 , playstation 3 and many - core pcs .
adulterating maté in this fashion is toxic , as these alkaloids can cause rare condition of the liver , veno - occlusive disease , which produces liver failure due to progressive occlusion of the small venous channels in the liver .
the ex utero intrapartum treatment ( exit ) procedure was originally developed to reverse temporary tracheal occlusion in patients who had undergone foetal surgery for severe congenital diaphragmatic hernia ( cdh ) .
ambient occlusion attempts to approximate the way light radiates in real life , especially off what are normally considered non - reflective surfaces .
it is useful to diagnose uterine malformations , asherman 's syndrome , tubal occlusion and used extensively in the work - up of infertile women .
proximal tubal occlusion can occur after infection such as a septic abortion .
unfortunately , in practice , most state - of - art trackers can only provide ( occlusion ) and ( transducer limits ) point tracks if placed in an unstructured environment .
occlusion of the blood supply means that it is a painful condition causing rapid deterioration and requiring emergency surgery .
occlusion wo n't happen as a result of conductive hearing loss .
moreover , gv have only single virion per granulin occlusion body while polyhedra contains multiple embedded virions .
angiography may be able to demonstrate areas of narrowing in the blood vessels or total occlusion .
in 2010 , hayden landis , ken mcgaugh and hilmar koch were awarded a scientific and technical academy award for their work on ambient occlusion rendering .
the suffocation was caused by manual occlusion of the mouth , in concert with forced inhalation of ammonia fumes that caused spasm of the vocal cords resulting in internal blockage of the upper airway . "
left atrial appendage occlusion .
the capabilities of current shading languages allow the inclusion of advanced graphic effects ( like ambient occlusion , cast shadows and non - photorealistic rendering techniques ) in the interactive visualization of molecules .
science and practice of occlusion .
about 2 hours later around 9:30 pm , steiner died practically instantaneously of a massive coronary occlusion while being attended by a physician .
thrombophilia screening in people with arterial thrombosis is generally unrewarding , except for unusually young patients — especially when precipitated by smoking or use of estrogen - containing hormonal contraceptives — and those in whom revascularization ( e.g. arterial bypass ) fails because of rapid occlusion of the graft .
limb occlusion pressure .
diffusion aids to enforce local structural estimates that serve such applications as defect detection in lumber , occlusion detection in image sequences and aid in biometric identification of fingerprints .
essentially , weaker topical steroids are utilized for thin - skinned and sensitive areas , especially areas under occlusion ( armpit , groin , buttock crease , breast folds ) .
to be effective , tpa must be administered within the first three hours of the event to be given intravenously , or within six hours to be administered through an arterial catheter directly to the site of occlusion .
vessel occlusion increases vascular resistance and therefore leads to hypertension .
in addition , animals may block one another in the camera views , a problem known as occlusion .
the development , appearance , and classification of teeth fall within its field of study , though dental occlusion , or contact among teeth , does not .
a heart attack occurs when an occlusion ( e.g. blood clot ) of an artery in the heart slowly causes tissue to die .
occlusion .
syringomyelia is a disease caused by the occlusion of the central canal .
the ed50 ( effective dose 50 ) for neuroprotection was 0.3 mg / kg and the majority of the animals were protected against the ischemia - induced damage at doses greater than or equal to 3 mg / kg , when mk-801 was given one hour prior to the occlusion of the carotid arteries , although other studies have shown protection up to 24 hours post - insult .
ivins died in salt lake city of a coronary occlusion .
limb occlusion pressure ( lop ) is the minimum tourniquet pressure required to occlude blood flow to a specific patient 's limb at a specific time and accounts for a patient ’s limb and vessel characteristics , and the type and fit of the cuff .
cilial damage and tube occlusion .
platelet and clot accumulation over the rupture may produce narrowing / closure of the lumen and tissue damage may occur due to either closure of the lumen and loss of blood flow beyond the ruptured atheroma and/or by occlusion of smaller downstream vessels by debris .
a hemangioma can grow and block one of the eyes , causing an occlusion amblyopia .
this section summarizes lowe 's object recognition method and mentions a few competing techniques available for object recognition under clutter and partial occlusion .
this treatment is often called by the name duck or duct tape occlusion therapy .
note that while 90% of the occlusion overlaps , the onset of the velar occurs slightly before that of the labial , and the release of the labial occurs slightly after that of the velar , so that the preceding vowel sounds like it 's followed by a velar , while the following vowel sounds like it 's following a labial .
relief mapping and parallax occlusion mapping are other common names for these techniques .
lowe 's patented method can robustly identify objects even among clutter and under partial occlusion , because his sift feature descriptor is invariant to scale , orientation , and affine distortion , and partially invariant to illumination changes .
the period of the occlusion is a very feared astrological effects , especially in electional astrology .
blood can enter into the space between the inner and outer layers of the vessel , causing narrowing ( stenosis ) or complete occlusion .
a guglielmi detachable coil , or gdc , is a platinum coil commonly used in intracranial non - invasive surgery for the occlusion of brain aneurysms .
wheeler 's dental anatomy , physiology and occlusion , 8th edition .
these occlusion bodies are released when cells lyse to further spread baculovirus infection to next host .
also introduced during the project was approximate ambient occlusion .
zbuffer hardware may typically include a coarse ' hi - z ' against which primitives can be early - rejected without rasterization , this is a form of occlusion culling .
surgical treatments , such as a semi - circular canal occlusion , do exist for bppv but carry the same risk as any neurosurgical procedure .
r200 has advanced memory bandwidth saving and overdraw reduction hardware called " hyperz ii " that consists of occlusion culling ( hierarchical z ) , fast z - buffer clear , and z - buffer compression .
occlusion for the fistula is attempted by speakers with deviant tongue placements during these palatal stops .
its simple , high premolars and the precision of its occlusion suggest a relation with " paraenhydrocyon " .
it is the actuator domain modulating the occlusion of ca2 + in the transmembrane binding sites , and it is pivot in transposing the energy from the hydrolysis of atp in the cytoplasmic domains to the vectorial transport of cations in the transmembrane domain .
small - vessel walls are thickened and hyalinized , with luminal narrowing or complete occlusion .
they do not have a circle of willis and stroke can be induced by common carotid artery occlusion alone .
this encoding is similar to the fluent occlusion solution , but the additional predicates denote change , not permission to change .
pulmonary artery occlusion pressure ( paop or pcwp ) must be less than 15 mm hg ( 2000 pa ) and pulmonary vascular resistance ( pvr ) must be greater than 3 wood units ( 240 dyn•s•cm-5 or 2.4 mn•s•cm-5 ) .
in 1955 he was appointed as chief commissioner of victoria police , a post that he held until his death on 9 october 1963 from a coronary occlusion .
occlusion can be carried out using a ligature ; by implanting small coils which stimulate the formation of clots ; or , particularly in the case of cerebral aneurysms , by clipping .
cunningham retained the seat until his death on 23 march 1948 of a coronary occlusion ; he was survived by his wife and two sons .
distal tubal occlusion ( affecting the end towards the ovary ) is typically associated with hydrosalpinx formation and often caused by " chlamydia trachomatis " .
the most common triggering event is the disruption of an atherosclerotic plaque in an epicardial coronary artery , which leads to a clotting cascade , sometimes resulting in total occlusion of the artery .
the next step in the disease progression is occlusion of the superficial venous system , thereby preventing all venous outflow from the extremity .
the video showed several demonstrations of the improvements , the initial being improvements to the in - game lighting through screen space ambient occlusion , in which dynamic shadows could be generated through the use of a pixel shading technique to render more realistically lit and shaded objects and actors , illustrated through comparison between character and environment models in the original game engine to that of unreal engine 3 .
parallax mapping described by kaneko is a single step process that does not account for occlusion .
diplopia can be addressed by occlusion with eye patching , frosted lens , occluding contact lens or by simply placing opaque tape over a portion of eyeglasses .
in some parts of malawi , it was quite common for women to adorn their lips with a lip disc called a " pelele " that by means of gradual enlargement from childhood could reach several inches of diameter and would eventually alter the occlusion of the jaw .
brainstem slurring dysarthria ( tongue weakness causing impaired speech ) ; dysphagia ( difficulty swallowing ) ; numbness , weakness ; all four limb paresthesia ; drop attacks from sudden loss of postural tone are basilar in origin ; a vertebrobasilar artery occlusion episode causes symptoms to be induced by abrupt position changes .
in addition to the ambient occlusion value , a " bent normal " vector formula_11 is often generated , which points in the average direction of unoccluded samples .
vascular occlusion is a sudden blockage of a blood vessel , usually with a clot .
duct tape occlusion therapy ( dtot ) involves placing a piece of duct tape over the wart(s ) for six days , followed by soaking the area in water and scraping it with a pumice stone or emery board .
endovascular filament middle cerebral artery occlusion .
at the beginning , lipohyalinosis was thought to be the main small vessel pathology , but microatheroma now is thought to be the most common mechanism of arterial occlusion ( or stenosis ) .
74 totally occluded vessels and 47 subtotally occluded vessels were identified in this study , and the presence of total occlusion was the most significant predictor of the existence of collaterals .
other factors can cause glaucoma , known as " secondary glaucomas , " including prolonged use of steroids ( steroid - induced glaucoma ) ; conditions that severely restrict blood flow to the eye , such as severe diabetic retinopathy and central retinal vein occlusion ( neovascular glaucoma ) ; ocular trauma ( angle recession glaucoma ) ; and uveitis ( uveitic glaucoma ) .
leyendecker died on july 25 , 1951 , at his estate in new rochelle of an acute coronary occlusion .
in a warm occlusion , the air mass overtaking the warm front is warmer than the cold air ahead of the warm front and rides over the colder air mass while lifting the warm air .
once it begins , the process of blockage ( vascular occlusion ) tends to continue despite any known medical management .
an example of the devastating results of a complete occlusion of the lad ( left anterior descending ) artery is the sudden death of newsman tim russert .
the “ world ” to be drawn was placed in a scene graph run by oi , with the system applying occlusion culling on objects in the graph automatically .
pid , often evidenced by scars and adhesions on and around the pelvic organs , can cause occlusion of the fallopian tubes , resulting in ectopic pregnancies or sterility .
he was its publisher , still working each day , when he died of a massive coronary occlusion at his home at 3704 alice circle in dallas in the early afternoon of february 26 , 1946 .
however , they do not take the 3d geometric constraints of the object into consideration during matching , and typically also do not handle occlusion as well as feature - based approaches .
it can evaluate central ( abdominal ) and peripheral arteries and veins ; it helps determine the amount of vascular stenosis ( narrowing ) or occlusion ( complete blockage ) within an artery ; it assists in ruling out aneurysmal disease ; and it is the main aid to rule out thrombotic events .
in 3d computer graphics , hidden surface determination ( also known as hidden surface removal ( hsr ) , occlusion culling ( oc ) or visible surface determination ( vsd ) ) is the process used to determine which surfaces and parts of surfaces are not visible from a certain viewpoint .
survived by his wife maud beatrice hopper ( née harrison ) he died of a coronary occlusion on 22 february 1959 at rushcutters bay , and was buried with anglican rites in an underground vault in waverley cemetery .
the treatment planning and restoration of implants , temporomandibular joint disorder , and rehabilitation of occlusion with prostheses all fall under the field of prosthodontics .
dudley died unexpectedly on september 13 , 1955 , of a coronary occlusion at her home in belle meade , tennessee .
gen. irwin died in 1955 of a coronary occlusion in asheville , north carolina .
if carotid occlusive disease results in ophthalmic artery occlusion , general ocular ischemia may result in retinal neovascularization , rubeosis iridis , cells and flare , iris necrosis , and cataract .
if , however , there is a tubal occlusion at the utero - tubal junction , a hydrosalpinx may go undetected .
in 1983 , slogoff and colleagues reviewed 1,782 radial artery cannulations and found that 25% of them resulted in complete radial artery occlusion , without apparent adverse effects .
it supports hardware tessellation and screen space ambient occlusion ( ssao ) , directcompute , and shader model 5.0 .
while bv is produced in the late phase , the odv form is produced in the very late phase acquiring the envelope from host cell nucleus and embedded in the matrix of occlusion body protein .
in addition " monakow 's syndrome " is named after him , which is defined as contralateral hemiplegia , hemianaesthesia and homonomous hemianopsia due to occlusion of the anterior choroidal artery .
aerodynamic occlusion as vehicle air brake .
object description by set of sift features is also robust to partial occlusion ; as few as 3 sift features from an object are enough to compute its location and pose .
targeting sites as small as 9 bp provides some degree of specificity , almost certainly attributable in some part to chromatin occlusion .
umbra occlusion booster was released in november 2009 .
the evolution of dental occlusion lead to a drastic increase in food processing associated with herbivory and provides direct evidence about feeding strategies based on tooth wear patterns .
central retinal vein occlusion .
the basis for this distinction in treatment regimens is that st segment elevations on an ecg are typically due to complete occlusion of a coronary artery .
( 2003b ) emphacize that acute striatal necrosis is a distinctive pathologic feature of at least 20 other disorders of very different etiologies ( e.g. hiv encephalopathy - aids dementia complex , pneumococcal meningitis , hypoadrenal crisis , methylmalonic acidemia , propionic acidemia , middle cerebral artery occlusion , hypertensive vasculopathy , acute " mycoplasma pneumoniae " infection , 3-nitropropionic acid intoxication , late onset familial dystonia , cerebrovascular abrupt and severe neonatal asphyxia ( " selective neuronal necrosis " ) ) .
embolization procedures and coil occlusion procedures using guglielmi detachable coil , are less invasive , painless and the patient can be mobile soon after the procedure .
when that change is detrimental to the manner in which the teeth occlude , the patient is said to possess a traumatic occlusion .
in all cases , soft shadows for static geometry are possible if simple occlusion tests ( such as basic ray - tracing ) are used to determine which lumels are visible to the light .
borovansky died of a coronary occlusion on 18 december 1959 at randwick , and was buried with anglican rites in box hill cemetery , melbourne .
wheeler 's dental anatomy , physiology and occlusion , 8th edition .
the cook county coroner andrew toman attributed cause of death to an acute coronary occlusion .
he revealed the true character of the " angkar " (; pronounced ahngkah ; meaning ' the organization ' ) , the supreme authority in cambodia , an obscure ruling body that had been kept in occlusion .
this theory does not fully satisfy many researchers because there are many teeth whose occlusion causes tension and compression on either side .
occlusion leads to ischemic stroke , categorized as thrombic and embolic .
a coronary occlusion is the partial or complete obstruction of blood flow in a coronary artery .
this is not the same as hidden face removal since this involves depth and occlusion while the other involves normals .
other features include the baking of occlusion and normal maps from highly detailed models to low polygon models .
occlusion ( dentistry ) .
this could be useful for enhancing normal vision or bypassing an occlusion such as a cataract , or a damaged cornea .
while monaural occlusion and visual displacement both alter the associations between sensory cues and corresponding spatial locations , there are significant differences in the mechanisms at work : “
retinal arterial occlusion leads to rapid death of retinal cells , thereby resulting in severe loss of vision .
this condition is often caused by proliferative diabetic retinopathy ( pdr ) or central retinal vein occlusion ( crvo ) .
in phlegmasia cerulea dolens , there is an acute and nearly total venous occlusion of the entire extremity outflow , including the iliac and femoral veins .
the physical occlusion of dentinal tubules results from both the hydroxyapatite layer and the residual novamin particles .
the ldm has a layered structure to model self - occlusion between body parts and it is deformable , so simple limb deformation is taken into consideration .
” this drug therapy was developed against peripheral arterial occlusion or “
tropical anhidrotic asthenia is a skin condition , a rare form of miliaria , with long - lasting poral occlusion , which produces anhidrosis and heat retention .
punctal occlusion is accomplished by placing a collagen plug in the natural drain of the eye .
it is located on the mandibular ( lower ) arch of the mouth , and generally opposes the maxillary ( upper ) first molars and the maxillary 2nd premolar in normal class i occlusion .
if the patient 's occlusion does not permit for a mildly - retentive restoration , or if there is too much decay or a fracture within the tooth structure , a porcelain or composite veneer may not be placed with any adequate guarantee for its durability .
typically the wall thickness of the extruded tubes vary enough that the % occlusion can vary with the wall thickness ( see above ) .
small numbers of people have survived resection of extensive sections of bowel following arterial occlusion , but maintaining nourishment presents large problems .
occlusion effect .
in a cold occlusion , the air mass overtaking the warm front is cooler than the cool air ahead of the warm front , and plows under both air masses .
occlusion .
the larger skirt of the device sits on the aortic side while the ampulla of the device hugs the walls of the pda , with care taken to avoid occlusion of the pulmonary arterial lumen by the device .
it is commonly described in supracondylar fracture of the humerus , where it results in injury / occlusion of the brachial artery .
occlusal trauma is a dental term that refers to the damage incurred when teeth are left in " traumatic occlusion " without proper treatment .
screen space ambient occlusion .
one characteristic symptom is throbbing and burning of the hands and feet due to the occlusion of small arterioles by platelets ( erythromelalgia ) .
this position used to be referred to as " centric occlusion " .
the slicing function of the molars is produced by occlusion between the carnassials , the lower first molar , and the upper fourth premolar .
thrombic stroke occurs in vesicles when oxygenated blood fails to flow to the occlusion site .
form - deprivation and occlusion amblyopia .
ambient occlusion is most often calculated by casting rays in every direction from the surface .
this phenomenon is known as pre - occlusion .
dougall died in salt lake city of a coronary occlusion .
eventually the journal rejected the traditional divisions between left and right as a legitimating mechanism for new class domination and an occlusion of new , post - fordist political conflicts .
when there are no teeth present in the mouth , the natural vertical dimension of occlusion is lost and the mouth as a tendency to overclose .
this procedure involves the ligation or otherwise occlusion of the umbilical cord to interrupt the exchange of blood between the fetuses .
occlusion .
the micro - inserts produce eventual occlusion of the fallopian tubes by causing the in - growth of tissue .
the crests between the cusps are adaptations for slicing food during occlusion or mastication ( chewing ) .
vertical dimension of occlusion , or vdo , also know as occlusal vertical dimension ( ovd ) is a term used in dentistry to indicate the superior - inferior relationship of the maxilla and the mandible when the teeth are situated in maximum intercuspation .
it is possible to encourage alternation through the use of occlusion or patching of the ' dominant ' or ' fixing ' eye to promote the use of the other .
atherosclerosis is the main cause of ischaemic coronary heart disease , carotid artery stenosis by occlusion or thromboembolism .
the crests between the cusps are adaptations for slicing food during occlusion or mastication ( chewing ) .
he died in a hotel in kensington , london , reportedly from a coronary occlusion .
with progressive distension of the intestinal wall , there is occlusion of blood vessels , firstly veins , then arteries .
