c and believe that salvation was , and is , and is to come , in and through the " atoning blood of christ " , the lord omnipotent .
like lanfeust , when possessing magohamoth ivory , thanos becomes almost omnipotent , though he would use these powers to conquer eckmül and probably the whole world .
with the power of the omnipotent thunderbolt , ultra - humanite first restores his body 's youth , and then proceeded to take over the world .
in 1842 , english author henry f. chorley wrote " god , the omnipotent ! " set to lvov 's tune and published in 19th and 20th century hymnals as the " russian hymn " .
when a king or an omnipotent male deity in the media says they want a girl to be " by their side as his queen " , he usually means the girl will be a queen consort .
in christian theology , god is described as omniscient , omnipotent and omnipresent ; a notion which some people , christians and non - christians alike , believe implies that not only has god always known what choices individuals will make tomorrow , but has actually determined those choices .
it surmises that an omnipotent god annihilated himself in the big bang , because an omniscient god would already know everything possible except his own lack of existence , and exists now as the smallest units of matter and the law of probability , or " god 's debris " , hence the title .
these beliefs have been considered especially repugnant when the claimed omnipotent god makes , or allows a person to come into existence , with a nature that desires that which god finds objectionable .
further , the omnipotent being can not do what is logically impossible .
most christians believe that god is spirit , an uncreated , omnipotent , and eternal being , the creator and sustainer of all things , who works the redemption of the world through his son , jesus christ .
in a western monotheistic system , it can be argued that since evil and suffering exist under an omnipotent and benevolent god , therefore this god must not exist .
another example of immortality in " doctor who " is found in the character jack harkness , a companion to the ninth and tenth doctors , who was unintentionally transformed into a ' fact ' of the timeline when fellow companion rose tyler temporarily acquired omnipotent power and brought him back to life after he was killed by the daleks ; unused to the power , rose did n't just bring him back to life , she ' brought [ him ] back forever ' .
this solution works even with definition 2 , as long as we also know the being is essentially omnipotent rather than accidentally so .
the answer is that mr. langdon has once again capitulated to his omnipotent band of gag - men .
in 1967 this same rod laver was omnipotent on fast courts by winning all the greatest pro tournaments that year , wimbledon pro ( grass ) , the u.s. pro ( grass ) , wembley pro ( indoor wood , fastest surface ever used in tennis ) and the french pro ( indoor wood ) .
“ theodicy , in its classical form , requires the adherent of a theistic faith to reconcile the existence of an omnipotent , omniscient and morally perfect god with the existence of evil . ”
rubenstein argued that jews could no longer advocate the notion of an omnipotent god at work in history or espouse the election of israel as the chosen people .
the review in the british unitarian " national review " was written by darwin 's old friend william carpenter , who was clear that only a world of " order , continuity , and progress " befitted an omnipotent deity and that " any theological objection " to a species of slug or a breed of dog deriving from a previous one was " simply absurd " dogma .
later , after things calm down , quasar attempts to use the near - omnipotent ultimate nullifier against the godlike magus .
the complete absence of such minds ( and more importantly an omnipotent mind ) would render those same qualities unobservable and even unimaginable .
it 's been rumored that bomshot , a former label - mate of jus on virtuoso 's omnipotent records , stole the masters for jus ' original unreleased version of " all fates have changed " , and crafted the album himself .
the most important god in the pantheon of the ashanti of ghana is nyame ( also nyankopon ) , the omniscient , omnipotent sky god .
by this , it is usually meant that , as an omnipotent being , god has chosen this " version " of all possible " versions " of the world .
this system of " oprichnina " has been viewed by some historians as a tool against the omnipotent hereditary nobility of russia ( boyars ) who opposed the absolutist drive of the tsar , while others have interpreted it as a sign of the paranoia and mental deterioration of the tsar .
they can not summon the omnipotent genie until they manage to find each other .
he expounds a theory of religion and christianity based on his reading of the old and new testaments , in which god is not an omnipotent omniscient being , but rather a limited and perhaps awesomely powerful being who learns and grows over time .
the confédération des syndicats médicaux ( csmf ) greeted the expected reform of the hospital brought by the bill , which would finally reorganize and modernize the whole system , but denounced the " nationalization " of the health system , arguing the future regional health agencies will be omnipotent .
he is an omnipotent wizard who , among other things , can reverse and stop time , as well as manipulate reality itself .
sinbad replies , " by allah the omnipotent , o my lord , i have taken a loathing to wayfare , and when i hear the words ' voyage ' or ' travel , ' my limbs tremble " .
thus , each person of the trinity is described as uncreated ( " increatus " ) , limitless ( " immensus " ) , eternal ( " æternus " ) , and omnipotent ( " omnipotens " ) .
the gardener was seen among a group of abstract and near - omnipotent beings ( including uatu the watcher , eternity , the in - betweener , the living tribunal , lord chaos , master order , and a celestial ) confronting the beyonder and dave .
craig and helen , with the help of omnipotent narrator journey to a radio station 's studios in hopes of finding a disk jockey and organizing a show to gain popularity for the style .
unscrupulous financiers were long omnipotent at court , till the bankrupt king robbed them of their spoils ; a crusade was preached as a pretext for taxing the clergy ; when a great earthquake happened in the abruzzi , the survivors were compelled to make good the contributions of the dead .
this is seen as a representation of his hubris as self - conceived omnipotent master of creation , or alternatively as a playful juxtaposition demonstrating barton 's hallucinatory state of mind .
it is speculated that angel will become omnipotent later in life and will turn on the flock , as she seems sweet but does n't understand what the difference is between good and bad .
in episode 8 , his discovery of a police uniform and squad car , most likely supplied by the omnipotent voice , leads him to become officer wade and act as the unofficial policeman of the strangerhood for several episodes .
far from having no ( positive ) attributes , as some advaita vedanta followers maintain , brahman is the " sum " of all “ noble attributes ” — i.e. omniscient , omnipotent , omnipresent , and all - merciful , all qualities attributed to vishnu by all vaishavas .
the beyonders are an enigmatic and virtually omnipotent extradimensional race in the fictional marvel universe .
as opposed to a theodicy ( a justification for god 's actions ) , plantinga puts forth a " defense " , offering a new proposition that is intended to demonstrate that it is logically possible for an omnibenevolent , omnipotent and omniscient god to create a world that contains evil .
he posits that if god exists , and if god is indeed omniscient , omnipotent and omnibenevolent , then all the filmmaker has to do is roll the camera and let god direct the movie .
pierre arnold bernard ( aka " omnipotent oom " or " oom the magnificent " ) was a pioneering american yogi , scholar , occultist , philosopher , mystic and businessman ; he held a notorious reputation as a con man , seducer and philanderer .
most theists hold that god is omnipotent , omniscient , and benevolent , although this belief raises questions about god 's responsibility for evil and suffering in the world .
this type of " trilemma " argument ( god is omnipotent , god is good , but evil exists ) was one favoured by the ancient greek skeptics , and this argument may have been wrongly attributed to epicurus by lactantius , who , from his christian perspective , regarded epicurus as an atheist .
after surveying classical theodicies that posit an omnipotent god , cauthen concludes , “ i believe that the reason that god does not prevent or overcome some evil is that god can not . ”
regarding the claim by universalists that an omnipotent god would not fail to save everyone , calvinists would point to the doctrine of irresistible grace , which teaches that if god has elected to save someone , god 's omnipotence will mean that this person will eventually repent , no matter how much resistance ( s)he puts up .
it is suggested by some star trek fans ( and at least one star trek expanded universe novel , " q - squared " by peter david ) that trelane is a young member of the q continuum , a race of near - omnipotent beings who harass , in various ways , beings much weaker than they are .
eager to atone for committing incest with chad , whitney follows alistair to rome and helps him to come into possession of a chalice belonging to the pope that will allow whomever unlocks its secrets to become omnipotent .
the show 's name comes from george orwell 's 1948 novel 1984 , a dystopia in which big brother is the all - seeing , omnipotent leader of oceania .
proponents of trinitarianism claim that the three persons of the trinity do not have separate powers , since they are omnipotent , and do not have separate spheres of influence , since their sphere of influence is unlimited .
infant terrible is an infant from a race of extra - terrestrial beings known as the elan , who have almost - omnipotent powers .
grandiose delusions are characterized by fantastical beliefs that one is famous , omnipotent , or otherwise very powerful .
in the end , a strange , omnipotent mouse banishes the toads attacking bucky to " a safe place where the food is bad and taxes are high " .
long long ago tharugavana hermits became oblivious ( unmindful ) lord shiva and thought that they could be omnipotent through their own spiritual powers .
in the totalitarian society of oceania , ruled by the omnipotent and omniscient party , in its propaganda , emmanuel goldstein is the principal enemy of the state — a former member of the inner party – continually conspiring against the leadership of big brother .
regardless of this apparent difference , the three ' persons ' are each eternal and omnipotent .
very little is known about him , but he is thought to be omnipotent , omniscient and omnipresent , and not even zeus can defeat him .
he is omniscient , omnipotent , the sublime , the transcendent , the supreme being .
this use of his custom made graphite neck , five - string bass is exemplified on the introduction of the song " omnipotent phantasies " and on their instrumental epic " reflections of a lost past " .
the living tribunal is a virtually omnipotent entity that oversees and maintain balance in the realities that constitute the marvel comics multiverse , including the mainstream universe ( 616 ) and all alternate universes .
gnostics also believe in lesser gods subservient to the omnipotent christian god .
the story introduces readers to two near - omnipotent beings , the good monitor and the evil anti - monitor , who had been created as a result of the same experiment that created the multiverse .
the church of jesus christ believes god , the father , to be an omnipotent personage of glory .
on 24 february 1389 , albert ( " albrecht " ) , who had returned from mecklenburg with an army of mercenaries , was routed and taken prisoner at aasle near falköping , and margaret was now the omnipotent mistress of three kingdoms .
the former class comprises those which belong to god alone ( e.g. all - wise , self - existent , omnipotent ) to the latter belong those which are predicable , analogically , of god and creatures as good , just , intelligent .
god is unique ( " wahid " ) and inherently one ( " ahad " ) , all - merciful and omnipotent .
the origins of the publica can be traced to the " national car " concept of the omnipotent japanese ministry of international trade and industry , which was announced in 1955 .
after she absorbed her father 's powers elaine accidentally created a cosmos over which she was omnipotent .
dawkins opens the chapter quoting how charles darwin lost his faith in religion , " i can not persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent god would have designedly created the ichneumonidae with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of caterpillars .
even with the omnipotent strength of the phoenix , magic and magical objects are able to resist rachel 's powers .
on the one hand the company must allegedly recognize that personal development creates economic value : " market performance flows not from the omnipotent wisdom of top managers but from the initiative , creativity and skills of all employees " .
the omnipotent voice can project itself with a television or computer and controls the images on the television screen or computer monitor when it does this .
despite its powerful qualities , the ring was not omnipotent , nor was its power over others absolute .
" allah " is unique , the only deity , creator of the universe and omnipotent .
regardless of this apparent difference in their origins , the three ' persons ' are each eternal and omnipotent .
this monotheism seems to share some of the characteristics as the abrahamic religions : belief that god is omniscient , omnipotent , omnibenevolent , that he will one day deliver divine retribution , and that he intervenes in the mundane world .
the ori were , for all intents and purposes , omnipotent and liked it .
the problem of evil is the argument that the existence of evil is incompatible with the concept of an omnipotent and perfectly good god .
en route , the " enterprise " is met by an omnipotent being who identifies himself a member of the q continuum and declares that humanity is being put on trial , using their actions in this upcoming mission to judge their worthiness and to avoid extermination .
however , this by itself does not answer the problem of evil if the superior entity is omnipotent and omnibenevolent .
the presence had once been a human , but now commands omnipotent powers .
in the elseworlds story " superman & batman : world 's funnest " ( november 2000 ) , the two near omnipotent imps mr. mxyzptlk and bat - mite engage in a tremendous duel that destroys many planes of reality .
the genie has a major supporting role in the " aladdin " television series , although his contributions are sometimes limited ; as an apparent side - effect of being freed from the lamp , his powers have been downgraded from his original ' super - phenomenal cosmic powers ' to ' semi - phenomenal , nearly - cosmic powers ' , with the result that the once - omnipotent genie is now incapable of undoing some of the spells he is confronted with and lacks some degree of his old intellect .
this cause is seen as omnipotent , omniscient and totally free .
to defy power , which seems omnipotent ;
in this aspect , she represents the omnipotent shakti of shiva .
boyd continues by saying that the omnipotent god “ chose to limit himself by creating agents with irrevocable free will ! ”
on his release , in 1714 , he returned to russia , was created a senator , and closely associated himself with the omnipotent favorite , aleksandr menshikov .
thus dystheism is normally used in reference to god , the omnipotent deity associated with monotheistic belief .
it was a panentheistic system , centering on the worship of tian ( the " heaven " ) as an omnipotent force .
dark and atmospheric , the world the characters inhabit is an alternative new york city with bouts of acid rain and ruled by an omnipotent cloning company called dna21 .
the paradox essentially implies that god would no longer be omnipotent because he has a weakness , when the definition of omnipotence is not having a weakness .
in it the omnipotent mind , inspired by faith , calls for the poem ’s lyrical hero to knowingly sacrifice himself in the name of his brethren .
genocyber : the complete hybrid of the two sisters , genocyber is the ultimate biological humanoid weapon who is seemingly immortal and is nearly omnipotent .
and so the album 's best song is " ants , " where he comes off frantic but omnipotent ...
the title for graham 's best book in at least a decade introduces several obsessions at once : it 's the code name for american plans on d - day , a sign for the absence - or perhaps presence - of an omnipotent god , and a term for arrogant nations ( the us among them ) who have forgotten , or never learned , the lessons of the greatest generation .
creationist explanations involving the direct intervention of the supernatural in the physical world are not falsifiable , because any result of an experiment or investigation could be the unpredictable action of an omnipotent deity .
while bellamy favored the urban , morris favored the pastoral ; while bellamy lauded the industrial revolution and the power of the machine , morris yearned for the restoration of an organic way of life which utilized machines only to alleviate the burdens which humans might find irksome ; while bellamy sought salvation through an omnipotent state , morris wished to for a time when it would have withered away .
after becoming one of the five members of the god 's hand ( the five dark angels or supreme apostles that serve the god of the world of berserk ) griffith became somewhat omnipotent .
if such a free , virtuous and sinless world is possible , then it is within the power of an omnipotent and wholly good god to realize such a world .
thus the burden of proof on plaintinga is lessened , and yet his approach may still serve as a defense against the claim by mackie that the simultaneous existence of evil and an omnipotent and omnibenevolent god is " positively irrational " .
the chalukyan kingdoms of old have left an omnipotent presence in the district of bagalkot .
he is an omnipotent and omniscient deity always seen as distant for direct worship .
he then went on to start his solo career at rapper virtuoso ’s label , omnipotent records .
therefore the being is still , perhaps , in some sense omnipotent .
jonathan , a peripheral character , becomes nearly omnipotent , universally adored and admired , and even takes buffy 's place in the opening credits .
he was also with the thunderbolts when they attacked the omnipotent thanos after thanos had received the power of the heart of the infinite .
finally , the trio and their commander go to the north pole to rescue arashiyama misa , and succeed not only in doing so ( despite a fake misa to confuse them ) , but also in defeating the omnipotent god , the true leader of black magma , by feigning surrender and striking when it lowers its guard .
white mage then sends the light warriors to sarda the sage , an omnipotent wizard who takes the orb and proceeds to draft the group into quests for the other three elemental orbs .
next conspired with other metaphysical and " omnipotent " beings against the beyonder .
not all of ij 's claims of responsibility were credible , as " in some cases , the callers seemed to be exploiting the activities of groups that had no apparent ties to islamic jihad , " while working with some success to create " an aura of a single omnipotent force in the region . "
jean grey was placed in a mental institute after she began hearing voices and seeing visions of an omnipotent phoenix god .
he says that he is omniscient , omnipotent and omnipresent and can create matter from mere thought .
the omnipotent voice orders sam , wade , and tovar to compete against catherine , dr. chalmers , and dutchmiller in a contest to cook and eat grilled cheese sandwiches .
god , the omnipotent !
in his article , he imagines what arguments for the existence of an evil god would look like : " antitheists , like theists , would have believed in an omnipotent , omniscient , eternal creator ; but whereas theists in fact believe that the supreme being is also perfectly good , antitheists would have believed that he was perfectly evil .
a counterargument to the basic version of this principle is that an omniscient god would have predicted this , when he created the world , and an omnipotent god could have prevented it .
after taking control of nanite city and reshaping it into new mobotropolis , she becomes the control program for the computerized city , making her virtually omnipotent within the limited area .
the is the almost omnipotent leader of gorgom .
as a truly omnipotent and good being , god could create beings with true freedom over god .
it was omnipotent and peaceful .
many of the songs in the album were recorded with the purpose of reminding listeners that god is unchanging and omnipotent .
muslims consider god to be singular , perfect , unique , eternal , self - sufficient , omnipotent and omniscient .
if causality is not dependent on experience , however , then it may be applied to metaphysical objects , such as an omnipotent god or an immortal soul .
with the game entering the final ten minutes the omnipotent terry leahy gathered a pressured clearance by the cork ‘ keeper and duly sent it straight between the posts from 30 yards for a two - point lead .
he is considered a benevolent and omnipotent supreme being .
the tale of the beyonder continues several years later when it is revealed that the energy which comprises the beyonder and the energy that gives the molecule man his powers needs to be combined in order to create the basis for a mentally stable , mature , nigh - omnipotent being to be born .
actually , in this sura , god describes those who say that isa was the son of god as saying something blasphemous , as god is the omnipotent creator and that all the creatures in earth and in heaven are god 's servants .
webb poses as an important member of medusa ( a newer version than the original he was associated with during the vietnam era ) ( see jason bourne ) , now a nearly omnipotent economic force that controls the head of nato , leading figures in the defense department , portions of the american and sicilian mafia , and large nyse firms .
ludwig von mises ' " omnipotent government " ( 1944 ) .
they are arguably the most powerful weapons ever wielded by any humanoid species , as indicated by their ability to injure the otherwise - omnipotent q.
however , in her next appearance , the enchantress is a misguided character fighting supergirl , who prevents her gaining omnipotent magical power and cancelling all other superpowers on earth , twice .
saint moluag was the patron saint of argyll as evidenced by a charter in 1544 , from the earl of argyll , which states " in honour of god omnipotent , the blessed virgin , and saint moloc , our patron " .
" omnipotent government : the rise of the total state and total war " is a book by influential austrian school economist ludwig von mises first published in 1944 by yale university press .
in fact , the people of the argonath worship the great mother , their omnipotent goddess .
once omnipotent , the character is capable of achieving virtually any effect by willing it .
likewise , if god is omnipresent , he can not be omnipotent because he could not limit his own location .
[ the q are an omnipotent race made part of the next generation , then deep space 9 and voyager series ] .
the philosopher ludwig wittgenstein is often interpreted as arguing that language is not up to the task of describing the kind of power an omnipotent being would have .
in " the right stuff " ( 1979 ) , tom wolfe describes " we " as a " marvelously morose novel of the future " featuring an " omnipotent spaceship " called the " integral " whose " designer is known only as ' d-503 , builder of the integral . ' " wolfe goes on to use the " integral " as a metaphor for the soviet launch vehicle , the soviet space program , or the soviet union .
the book suggests that it , along with the turtle , are themselves creations of a separate , omnipotent creator referred to as " the other " .
leibniz wrote his " théodicée " as a criticism of pierre bayle 's " dictionnaire historique et critique " , which had been written not long before ; in this , bayle , a well - known skeptic , had argued that the sufferings experienced in this earthly life prove that god could not be good and omnipotent .
kotomine explains that there is no such way , and sarcastically implies that not even the " mighty " grail could do such a thing , depicting it as less than omnipotent , as the stories state .
" god , the omnipotent ! " is a hymn with words written in 1842 by henry f. chorley ( 1808–1872 ) and 3rd and 4th stanzas by john ellerton ( 1826–1893 ) in 1870 .
during his whole reign ( 1751 - 1771 ) , adolf frederick was little more than a state decoration , the real power being lodged in the hands of an omnipotent riksdag , distracted by fierce party strife .
from this conclusion , some reject the existence of an omnipotent god .
their natures are summed up by the omnipotent voice in episode 2 when it booms " silence , assorted stereotypes ! " .
unlike god , jesus christ is not omniscient ( all - knowing ) , nor omnipotent ( all - powerful ) , nor omnipresent ( present everywhere ) .
and " an omnipotent deity who sentences even the vilest of his creatures to eternal torture is infinitely more cruel than the cruellest man " .
however , in the tipitaka , the buddha did teach that some celestial devas believe themselves through delusions to be eternal , omnipotent , omniscient and the creator of all that is , such as baka brahma , and that people who previously lived on the same plane of rebirth as devas such as baka would remember a supposedly infinite creator god .
the book is a theodicy , an attempt by one christian layman to reconcile orthodox christian belief in a loving and omnipotent god with the fact that people suffer , and is not intended to provide comfort to those actually suffering .
this gives the illusion of a religion with an omnipotent god .
the latter conception defines god through a series of explicit positive statements called cataphatic theology , themselves universal but in the divine taken to their superlative degrees : as well as being explicitly male , he is omniscient and omnipotent .
the goa'uld rule by fear and oppression , regularly employing mass torture and executions , and using their advanced technology to present themselves as omnipotent gods .
in buddhism , although brahma or god is respected , he is not regarded as omnipotent or all knowing , but someone in samsara who is subject to ignorance , birth and death ( over billions of years ) and a disciple of the buddha .
the " basic " notion of being all - powerful can be understood well enough , it seems , at first glance : something is omnipotent , or all - powerful , if the being can do " anything we can think of . "
rabbis harold kushner , william e. kaufman , milton steinberg believe that god is not omnipotent , and thus is not to blame for mankind 's abuse of free will .
jains do not believe in an omnipotent supreme being , creator or manager ( " kartā " ) , but rather in an eternal universe governed by natural laws .
johnny briefly joined his nephew franklin 's fantastic force team , where he battled his virtually omnipotent extra - dimensional counterpart vangaard ( formerly gaard ) , convincing him to abandon his mission of eliminating redundant realities by showing him the hero he could become .
the new verses on the album were most likely old , unreleased recordings from his prior label omnipotent records , where bomshot was also an artist .
the main objective for which the siddhar peetam strives is " the cult of sakthi " that is , the whole humanity is born of one omnipotent mother and hence the whole humanity is one , should be upheld , and each ane everyone 's grievances should be removed .
in the 19th century europe , the idea was common , among both traditionalist and revolutionaries , that the authority of the domestic father should " be made omnipotent in the family so that it becomes less necessary in the state " .
however , given the nature of this evolutionary step - that of evolving into nearly omnipotent spirit beings - this step must be taken collectively by the entire species , rather than though natural selection of individual members of the human race .
pocket god is a god game , this means that the player takes the role of an omnipotent being who rules over an island and controls almost everything present .
in the manga , it is revealed that jeanne was not actually a savior with an omnipotent type of purity .
in 2005 he left omnipotent records , joined babygrande , and dropped his first solo album , " all fates have changed " .
to darwin , natural selection produced the good of adaptation but removed the need for design , and he could not see the work of an omnipotent deity in all the pain and suffering such as the ichneumon wasp paralysing caterpillars as live food for its eggs .
with this power , ultimecia would be completely omnipotent , and could control all time , space , and existence , effectively preventing her fated demise .
the great thinkers , with their developed faculties of observation and inference from the working of nature , came to visualise an omnipotent force , which was not only regulating the working of nature , but influencing the working of the living beings also .
the creation and distribution of the sigils is the work of two atlanteans , danik and solusandra , who have ascended and become near - omniscient and near - omnipotent .
the notion of active cessation from labor is also regarded as more consistent with an omnipotent god 's activity on the seventh day of creation according to genesis .
god is omnipotent , omniscient , and just .
" he is unique ( " wahid " ) and inherently one ( " ahad " ) , all - merciful and omnipotent . " the qur'an declares " the reality of allah , his inaccessible mystery , his various names , and his actions on behalf of his creatures . "
god in " the urantia book " is the creator and upholder of all reality — an omniscient , omnipresent , omnipotent , infinite , and eternal spirit personality .
gautama buddha ( as portrayed in the pali scriptures , the agamas ) set an important trend in nontheism in buddhism in the sense of denying the notion of an omnipotent god .
islamic scholarship has not however gone through the same process for a variety of reasons : the doctrine of tawhid implies that the cosmos is a unified harmonious whole , centered around the omnipotent and omnipresent god .
for money , he called for help from the then - omnipotent sienese banker , orlando bonsignori .
the undercurrent of non - creationism and absence of omnipotent god and divine grace runs strongly in all the philosophical dimensions of jainism , including its cosmology , karma , moksa and its moral code of conduct .
in support of their position , open theists and process theologians cite the problem of evil , the problem of prayer , and the problem of sin , which they believe make the existence of an omniscient , omnipotent and benevolent god logically untenable .
and as we began to arrive at this awareness , this place filled up with authorities wishing to impose order , omnipotent , with their automatics as they call them .
one day , superman visited him and told him that he was n’t the omnipotent , perfect being that william thought he was , shattering william 's world view and mentally unbalancing him .
the episode ends with the omnipotent voice and a leprechaun in a room ; the voice announces the next phases of its plan .
mukuru is an omnipotent deity .
according to nimbarka , brahman ( the supreme , sat - chit - ananda ) is infinite , limitless , inconceivable , omnipresent , omnipotent , omniscient , holy , gracious , creator , ruler , destroyer , greatest , supreme power who endowed himself with all essential qualities and power .
thanos becomes omnipotent and in the limited series " infinity gauntlet " ( the name for thanos ' gauntlet , on which all six gems are mounted ) exerts his will over the universe ( by erasing half the population of the universe in a tribute to death ) , but eventually loses the gauntlet to the space pirate nebula .
poorva - mīmāmsā believes in vedas and in yajnas performed for gods ( devatās ) , hence it is wrong to call it atheist , especially in light of explicit affirmation of its faith in the omnipotent ( poorva mimāmsā 6.3.1 )
some believers claim that god , being omnipotent , simply created a unique creature when needed .
in this scenario , the omnipotent being could create a stone which it can not lift , but could also then lift the stone anyway .
in spite of the biblical portrayals of god as omnipotent and the assent to these portrayals from both open and classical theists , a theodicy of impotence finds support among other writers who appeal to scripture .
mcguigan attempted to establish an association to protect the rights of boxers against what he , and others , considered omnipotent managers and promoters .
he was highly successful until he failed to save a young princess from a near omnipotent dragon called morningbright .
despite now being in control of quite possibly the most powerful armor any iron man has ever worn in " any " reality , he was swiftly defeated by the omnipotent thanos ( who was then defeated by wolverine ) .
wherefore , he can not do some things for the very reason that he is omnipotent .
knowing that the other q are watching from an omnipotent viewpoint , picard lists the charges of q disobeying his own wager .
although the crew is unaware of his presence , q — a nearly omnipotent prankster — has also stowed away on the runabout .
in the second part , " the bart zone " , bart has omnipotent powers , and turns homer into a jack - in - the - box , resulting in the two spending more time together .
thanos successfully collects the infinity gems , and as a now omnipotent being , attempts to converse with death .
( " with whom is the omnipotent lord and savior , to help him against his enemies .
paul levinson supporting the " alphabet effect " hypothesis points out in his 1997 book , the soft edge , that the alphabet facilitated the rise and dissemination of monotheism , by providing an easy way to write about a deity that is omnipotent , omnipresent , yet invisible .
and absolute existence took on the attributes of a person : it was good , omnipotent , omnipresent .
the fppm drew most of its support from left wing academics and soldiers that had grown disillusioned with the almost omnipotent institutional revolutionary party ( pri ) , and believed the pri no longer represented the ideas of the mexican revolution .
to darwin , natural selection produced the good of adaptation but removed the need for design , and he could not see the work of an omnipotent deity in all the pain and suffering such as the ichneumon wasp paralysing caterpillars as live food for its eggs .
god is acknowledged to have most of the traditional attributes of the christian god : he is the supreme intelligence and primary cause of all things , he is eternal , immutable , unique , omnipotent , supremely just and good .
the set of things that an omnipotent being can do is defined as ' all actions ' .
such opponents believe that an omniscient , omnipotent , and all - loving creator would not fail to save all of humanity .
mithos then had origin create the near - omnipotent eternal sword , which he used to split the world in two ; thereby creating the parallel worlds of tethe'alla and sylvarant , in order to prevent more magitechnology from being created .
we should tend towards the omnipotent supreme being .
" crimetime " is set in the future where the media is nearly omnipotent .
classical theism holds that god is an absolute , eternal , all - knowing ( omniscient ) , all - powerful ( omnipotent ) , and perfect being .
in the epilogue , yoko explains to gimmy that he should stop viewing simon as a ' god ' , implying that simon may be omnipotent .
he is described as omnipresent , omnipotent , omniscient , and anthropomorphic .
this ambivalence results in a vacillation between attitudes of passive dependency on the omnipotent mother and aggressive strivings for self expansion and control over the love object .
ink saves and heals dani moonstar with the caduceus and defeats the y - men with his phoenix powers , explaining that he believed the phoenix force to be omnipotent thus granting him the ability to remove the y - men 's tattooed powers .
thus , as per draper 's argument above , the theory that there is an omniscient and omnipotent being who is indifferent requires no hidden reasons in order to explain evil .
next conspired with other metaphysical and " omnipotent " beings against the beyonder .
his philosophical inquiry is focused on issues in the philosophy of religion ; he has written extensively on the problem of evil , including the argument that the process of natural selection is sufficiently brutal so as to pose a problem for those who believe in a omnipotent and morally good creator .
the creation of a stone which the omnipotent being can not lift would be an impossibility .
deficits in the pole of ideals were associated with the development of an idealizing transference to the therapist who becomes associated with the patient 's primitive fantasies of omnipotent parental perfection .
the ancient chinese believed in a non - corporeal entity called shangdi , an omnipotent , just , and monotheistic supreme being .
this place once upon surrounded by dense forest of mahavan , also concluded as place for renounce worship , few kilometres there is " madagan " assumed to be omnipotent , omniscient noble sadhus having two reservoir formed by phenomenal water source , one take hundreds of bucket water but water level still remains same.there is local carnival every year on makar sankranti .
the powerful repeated chorus lyrics " love will lead us " is in keeping with " the distance to heres religious undertones , a superior omnipotent , omniscient being or force leading us through life .
theism generally holds that god exists realistically , objectively , and independently of human thought ; that god created and sustains everything ; that god is omnipotent and eternal ; personal and interacting with the universe through for example religious experience and the prayers of humans .
the plot of " wishmaster " concerns a " djinn " ( evil genie ) , an omnipotent , supremely evil entity who is released from a jewel and seeks to capture the soul of the woman who discovered him , thereby opening a portal and freeing his fellow " djinn " to inhabit the earth .
together with the previously omnipotent police force , street security also collapsed in 1990 .
judaism , christianity , and islam traditionally have taught that god is omnipotent ( all powerful ) , omniscient ( all knowing ) and omnibenevolent ( all good ) .
o what a disgrace if such a despised and base race , which worships demons , should conquer a people which has the faith of omnipotent god and is made glorious with the name of christ !
from a study of the discourses of the buddha preserved in the pali canon , it will be seen that the idea of a personal deity , a creator god conceived to be eternal and omnipotent , is incompatible with the buddha 's teachings .
authoritarian religious entities promulgate the belief that humans are at the mercy of an omnipotent god , whereas humanistic ones promote the belief that the power of god is visible in the mane of the individual .
in a sense , the classic statement of the omnipotence paradox — a rock so heavy that its omnipotent creator can not lift it — is grounded in aristotelian science .
the ui would be omniscient and omnipotent - god , in other words .
the surfer repeatedly battles other space - born menaces , the chief of whom is thanos , who wipes out half the life in the universe using the omnipotent infinity gauntlet .
he wrote that " even the will of an omnipotent being can not change or abrogate " natural law , which " would maintain its objective validity even if we should assume the impossible , that there is no god or that he does not care for human affairs . " ( " de iure belli ac pacis " , prolegomeni xi ) .
projection is an attempt to eject the bad in order control through omnipotent mastery .
theodicy attempts to resolve the “ cognitive dissonance ” between a faith in an omnipotent and omnibenevolent god and the fact of evil .
this differed from the european discipline then being practiced in israel , which was founded on the personal experience of the seemingly omnipotent head of the surgery department , rather than on clinical research , current medical literature , and the resident 's analysis .
he is thus omniscient , knowing each one 's inner mind , and omnipotent , doing everything everywhere - evoluting , sustaining , and involuting . "
webb poses as an important member of medusa , now a nearly omnipotent economic force that controls the commander of nato , leading figures in the defense department , and large nyse firms .
kant also argued that existence is not a " real " predicate , but gave no explanation of how this is possible , indeed his famous discussion of the subject is merely a restatement of arnauld 's doctrine that in the proposition " god is omnipotent " , the verb " is " signifies the joining or separating of two concepts such as " god " and " omnipotence " .
in the corrected timeline , the doctor knows that ' bad wolf ' means a message left by the omnipotent rose and a signal that the walls of reality have broken down , and that the world is ending .
it is often the case that rather than taking a gender definition , god is simply conveyed as " omnipotent being " rather than god , thus converying the correct perceptual image .
q is a mischievous , threatening , omnipotent being who has taken an interest in humans .
from " kings " , " tian " was semantically extended to mean " dead kings ; ancestral kings " , who controlled " fate ; providence " , and ultimately a single omnipotent deity " tian " " heaven " .
in the earliest wiccan publications she is described as a tribal goddess of the witch community , neither omnipotent nor universal , and it was recognised that there was a greater " prime mover " , although the witches did not concern themselves much with this being .
this was explained , in - story , as their having been transported into a pocket universe by franklin richards , the near - omnipotent , psychic son of mr. fantastic and the invisible woman , to save them , where they lived in the so - called " franklin - verse " , oblivious to what had happened to them .
classical theism states that god is omnipotent , omniscient , and omnibenevolent , without worrying whether these terms ( even assuming they are meaningful ) can be coherently jointly asserted .
second , we say that god is " all - powerful , " or to say the same thing , " omnipotent " .
being an omnipotent being , the great worm spirit can assume many forms , such as a pink drum - banging bunny , a plate of cold beans , or a humorous tv weatherman .
although the eight residents have lost their memories and are unaware of the date , the omnipotent voice tells them in this episode that it is the holiday season , and orders them to celebrate the twenty days of christmanukkah , combining the twelve days of christmas with the eight of hanukkah .
fon religion is polytheistic , with a supreme ( but not omnipotent ) deity known as nana buluku .
wade and the omnipotent voice seem to be the only ones aware of her voice .
" the oracle " – the title of oracle seems to be a hereditory one however whoever holds the position possesses omnipotent powers and omniscient knowledge enabling them to watch and protect the universe .
this view of the duke as an omnipotent being is also reflected in the interior design of the palace , and indeed its axis to certain features in the park .
involving over a dozen key characters , the plot was engineered by supervillain alistair crane , who disguised himself as a monk and lured several harmony citizens to rome , where he hoped to come to possess an ancient chalice hidden within the vatican , thus allowing him to become omnipotent .
crayak is a nearly omnipotent entity appearing in the form of an armless cyborg with massive limbs and nothing but what would resemble as a blood - red eye for a head .
he contributed a number of tracks to jus allah 's scheduled omnipotent debut " all fates have changed " , but the album was shelved .
the group members behave passively , and act as though the leader , by contrast , is omnipotent and omniscient .
