book and lyrics were by richard alexander , music by marek rymaszewski , and arrangements and orchestrations were by steve hill .
nonetheless , his notion of combining jazz with elaborate orchestrations has been returned to repeatedly by composers and arrangers of later decades .
a prolific composer , herbert produced two operas , a cantata , 43 operettas , incidental music to 10 plays , 31 compositions for orchestra , nine band compositions , nine cello compositions , five violin compositions with piano or orchestra , 22 piano compositions and numerous songs , choral compositions and orchestrations of works by other composers , among other music .
due to this breakthrough , acid became very popular with composers , producers , and djs in the late 1990s and early 2000s , interested in quickly creating beats , music textures , or even complete compositions and orchestrations , that would work with virtually any tempo or key signature , and these loops would adjust automatically .
although these works were long considered to be original , they are now known to be orchestrations of sonatas by various german virtuosi .
this release of all instrumental pieces written by kottke ( with the exception of " buckaroo " ) also includes orchestrations by jack nitzsche .
so , in the first part , the sonority of the metallic percussion instruments -such as , vibrating battery or iron bars- and different " patch " instruments ( in the orchestrations for strings , bronzes , distorted guitars , synthesizers ... ) takes presence over others , giving us a " worldly " feeling .
on the albums all vocals and orchestrations are managed by david defeis himself .
wheeler also worked on features , providing orchestrations for the all - star extravaganza " tales of manhattan " ( 1942 ) and a number of the " blondie " movies released by columbia in the 1940s .
according to " animaniacs " writer / producer paul rugg , crew members fondly referred to richard as " the great stonini , " a sort of musical magician whose compositions and orchestrations often raised the quality of the cartoons to unexpected musical and artistic heights .
davis 's orchestrations and arrangements for the derby playhouse production of " stepping out " received rave reviews and the production enjoyed a sellout run .
the orchestrations were also beefed up for the bigger theatre to include reeds and horns , whereas the original production used a 5-piece combo .
more consideration ” , which featured more complex orchestrations and sophisticated compositions .
the los angeles symphony orchestra was the foundation of the los angeles sound , which branched into four main arms : one characterized by the mid - tempo funky orchestrations of carrie lucas 's " dance with me " ( 1979 ) , arranged , produced , and conducted by don cornelius , dick griffey , and leon sylvers , with janice gower , concertmaster .
one musical theme that appears in three different orchestrations on the album : " dr. no 's fantasy " , " twisting with james " and the misleadingly entitled " the james bond theme " ( track 17 on the album , but entirely unrelated to the " track 1 " ) , is not heard anywhere in the film .
adams was joined by irish piper davy spillane and michael kamen who wrote orchestrations for many of the songs and brought students from the juilliard school to play them .
" disgusted and horrified by the very bad orchestrations of chopin 's music for the ballet " les sylphides " , he writes , " i eventually created my own orchestration in 1936 . "
however , none of these composer / librettists had written their own orchestrations as well .
in all , there are 34 manuscript sheets of sketches and orchestrations for the " turandot " music in the busoni archive .
the show , which starred victoria clark and kelli o'hara , met with mixed critical notices , but on june 5 , 2005 , adam guettel won the tony award for best original score and the tony award for best orchestrations .
lush orchestrations enhance their compositions .
as far as possible , productions worldwide of mackintosh musicals use the same staging , production design , lighting , front - of - house design , and orchestrations as their london and new york counterparts .
however , like many other conductors of his generation , stokowski also became known for modifying the orchestrations of famous compositions by such composers as beethoven , tchaikovsky , sibelius , johann sebastian bach , and brahms .
in 1975 , bravo has released new single , with arrangements and orchestrations by jorge palma , being the two songs " tínhamos vinte anos " and " soldado - escravo " ( the last entitled the single ) composed by tozé brito .
takada 's score utilizes motifs in the game 's boss battle songs because many of the them are fought more than once ; takada hoped that using different arrangements and orchestrations would remind players of older encounters with each boss .
besides the traditional big - band complement , his orchestrations have prominently featured such instruments as the tuba , piccolo , bass clarinet , alphorn , exotic percussion , and wordless vocals .
orchestrator jonathan tunick won the first tony award for best orchestrations for his work on the score .
he was musical director and arranger for the marcia hines , and wrote arrangements and orchestrations for the whitlams , you am i , hoodoo gurus , tim finn , savage garden , hoodoo gurus , grinspoon and leonardo 's bride .
the musical also received nominations for two drama desk awards : outstanding choreography ( mitchell ) and outstanding orchestrations ( harold wheeler ) .
book by ben tarver music by john clifton ; lyrics by messrs. clifton and tarver ; staged by tom gruenewald ; setting and lighting by joan larkey ; costumes by volavkova ; choreography by noel schwartz ; musical direction by sande campbell ; orchestrations by mr. clifton ; production stage manager , richard moss , presented by donald h. goldman .
in addition to warner brothers cartoons ( which were originally intended for theatrical screening ) , the following films include recordings and/or works composed or co - composed by scott : " nothing sacred " ( 1937 , various adapted standards ) ; " ali baba goes to town " ( 1938 , " twilight in turkey " and " arabania " ) ; " happy landing " ( 1938 , " war dance for wooden indians " ) ; " rebecca of sunnybrook farm " ( 1938 , " the toy trumpet " ; with special lyrics by jack lawrence ) ; " just around the corner " ( 1938 , " brass buttons and epaulettes " ) ; " sally , irene and mary " ( 1938 , " minuet in jazz " ) ; " bells of rosarita " ( 1945 , " singing down the road " ) ; " not wanted " ( 1949 , theme and orchestrations ) ; " west point story " ( 1950 , " the toy trumpet " ) ; " the trouble with harry " ( 1955 , " flagging the train to tuscaloosa " ; words by mack david ) ; "
bill ’s march ” and “ mimnermus in church ” – the latter a drake setting of a poem by william johnson cory with orchestrations by craig fortnam - and sharron and craig fortnam shared a co - write on the folk song “
andré caplet ( november 23 , 1878 – april 22 , 1925 ) was a french composer and conductor now known primarily through his orchestrations of works by claude debussy .
in addition to bernstein 's own " west side story suite " , the music has been adapted by the buddy rich big band , which arranged and recorded " west side story medley " on the 1966 album " buddy rich 's swingin ' new big band " , and the stan kenton orchestra , which recorded johnny richards ' 1961 " kenton 's west side story " , an album of jazz orchestrations based on the bernstein scores .
orchestrations for the album , which were arranged and conducted by tom howard , were recorded at london 's abbey road studios .
the orchestrations were scored by the conductors bruno canfora and augusto martelli . " sacumdì sacumdà " , mina 's talking and laughing version of carlos imperial 's bossa nova " nem vem que não tem " narrowly escaped a ban by rai because of its irreverent lyrics .
wainwright had completed piano and voice parts by february 2008 , and began tackling orchestrations .
but what got me most about the orchestrations is what they did for the play 's atmosphere .
some orchestrations made by the company can be found at clark 's trading post , lincoln , new hampshire , usa , the music hall , nevada city , montana , usa , and the jasper sanfilippo collection at victorian palace , barrington hills , illinois , usa .
the cast was cut with some characters being combined ; the original , lavish orchestrations were simplified .
however , most orchestrations are similar in their approach .
he , or an assistant , improvised a piano accompaniment at the early rehearsals , supplying the orchestrations later , after he had seen what gilbert 's stage business would be .
shows were staged by john murray anderson to the orchestrations of ted royal .
he has recorded two solo albums : " homenaje a la liturgia judía y al espíritu jasídico " around 1985 with arrangements by laszlo rooth and orchestrations played by la orquesta de la ópera de la ciudad de méxico .
he generally wrote his own orchestrations , which were admired by music critics and other composers .
it was nominated for drama desk awards for outstanding featured actor in a musical ( alistair izobell ) , outstanding choreography , and outstanding orchestrations .
it was sometimes part of popular dance orchestras in the period from about 1890 to 1930 , and orchestrations of pop tunes from that era often had viola parts available .
orchestrations were by danny troob ( after his score of the film ) , scenic designer was stan meyer , costume designer ann hould - ward , lighting designer natasha katz , sound was by t. richard fitzgerald , hair designer david h. lawrence , and prosthetics were by john dods .
both orchestrations were used for both slovenian and english versions , however the english lyrics were changed for the newer orchestration .
together with andersson , ulvaeus was nominated for the drama desk award in the category " outstanding music " ( for the musical " chess " ) , and for a tony award in a category " best orchestrations " ( for musical " mamma mia ! " ) .
the newly built temples required personnel for carrying out musical orchestrations for the pooja and other routine ceremonies in the temples .
he won the drama desk award for outstanding orchestrations for " my one and only " .
initially staged in paris by robert hossein , it was then produced in the uk by cameron mackintosh and the royal shakespeare company , directed by trevor nunn and john caird . " les misérables " became one of the most successful musicals of all time , winning cameron the drama desk award for outstanding orchestrations and a national broadway theatre award .
he displays his clearest link to pre - romantic sensitivities in retrospective works such as the " variations on a rococo theme " and " mozartiana " , a collection of orchestrations based on mozart piano pieces and a liszt transcription of a mozart work .
other collaborations have included production duties for kool and the gang in the early 1980s , the first solo album by kevin rowland of dexys midnight runners in 1988 and orchestrations for björk on her 1997 album " homogenic " .
in film , he won four oscars for collaborating on the scores and orchestrations of " an american in paris " ( 1951 ) , " seven brides for seven brothers " ( 1954 ) and " west side story " ( 1961 ) .
herbert was a prolific composer , producing two operas , one cantata , 43 operettas , incidental music to 10 stage productions , 31 compositions for orchestra , nine band compositions , nine cello compositions , five violin compositions with piano or orchestra , 22 piano compositions , one flute and clarinet duet with orchestra , numerous songs , including many for the " ziegfeld follies " , and other works , 12 choral compositions , and numerous orchestrations of works by other composers , among other compositions .
nevertheless , it received two 2009 tony award nominations for best choreography ( randy skinner ) and best orchestrations ( larry blank ) .
robert russell bennett expanded his broadway orchestrations , jay blackton conducted , and agnes de mille again choreographed .
it was directed by scott harris , musical staging by janet watson , set by peter harrison , costumes by claudia stephens , lighting by kenneth posner , sound by david lawson , musical direction by steven m. alper , orchestrations by douglas besterman , and production stage manager was david waggett .
the orchestrations were arranged by charles l. cooke , and the production was directed by hassard short .
in 1987 , armed with the considerable budget of £ 125,000 , and the production skills of gil norton , david mccomb and a new recruit , adam peters , concocted the lush orchestrations of the poignant " bury me deep in love " and the melancholic wide - screen atmosphere of the subsequent " calenture " album .
the score was composed and conducted by john williams , with orchestrations by herbert w. spencer and al woodbury .
orchestrations ( by kim schranberg ) were also on a smaller scale .
a blend of doo - wop , gospel , and latin music , it received tony award nominations for best original score , best orchestrations and best scenic design .
side 2 of the lp featured lush orchestrations and a string of rock songs linked together in a way reminiscent of the beatles " sgt .
the music was composed by emmanuel fratianni and michael richard plowman , whilst the additional music and orchestrations were performed by laurie robinson and tommy tallarico .
he has written orchestrations for many show , including " paint your wagon , " " 110 in the shade " and cole porter ’s " you never know " and " can - can " at the pasadena playhouse as well as stephen schwartz ’s " snapshots " .
most of the songs on the album have a stripped - down feel , without complex orchestrations , and have heavy drum beats and bass lines , which are accompanied by electric piano riffs and minimal guitar work .
in 1999 he also founded a string orchestra called the london academy of ottoman court music who performed his own orchestrations of compositions by italian musicians resident at the turkish court in the 19th century , as well as original works by ottoman sultans in the popular dance forms of the period , such as waltzes , polkas and mazurkas .
holmes also orchestrated " drood " himself , making him one of the few broadway composers to write his own orchestrations .
sapaliga or sapalya refers to the community traditionally employed in the temples of tulu nadu or the coastal karnataka for conducting musical orchestrations for the ceremonies of the temples .
for many years , the only recording available of a herbert show using his original orchestrations was one of " naughty marietta " , produced by the smithsonian in 1981 .
in 1992 , henderson won the drama desk award for outstanding orchestrations and was nominated for a tony award for best score for " jelly 's last jam " .
the score had new orchestrations by jason carr .
it exists in three orchestrations : one for organ alone , one for organ with string orchestra , and one for organ and full orchestra .
orchestrations .
the afro - cubans combined cuban music with orchestrations derived from swing .
while many orchestrations of the overture exist , in its current incarnation for full symphony orchestra , which incorporates changes made by bernstein during performances in december 1989 , the piece requires a standard - sized contemporary orchestra of piccolo , two flutes , two oboes , an e - flat and two b - flat clarinets , bass clarinet , two bassoons , contrabassoon , four horns , two trumpets , three trombones , tuba , timpani , a large but standard percussion contingent , harp , and a standard string section .
the clarinet solo with a distinctive series of rising partials was first recorded by larry shields on the 1921 original dixieland jass band record ; it is not found on any earlier recordings nor published orchestrations of the tune .
most of the songs belong stylistically to the era 's soul boom , with orchestrations by gene barge and charlie stepney .
it is an arrangement of two contrasting irish reels , " temple hill " and " molly on the shore " that present the melodies in a variety of textures and orchestrations , giving each section of the band long stretches of thematic and countermelodic material .
in many countries in europe his orchestrations for sub pop , glitterhouse records , folk rock artists the walkabouts have been widely heard .
only some of the completions — merrick 's is not one of them — make use of schubert 's sketched scherzo . orchestrations of the scherzo only ( the trio of which had to be completed ) were made by geoffrey bush in 1944 and the conductor denis vaughan in about 1960 .
in 1934 as well , mills music began a publishing subsidiary , exclusive publications , specializing in orchestrations by the likes of will hudson .
what sprouted was a sight for sore eyes : three stages , breathtaking choreographies and costumes , eye - watering orchestrations , siddharta at their best , and a blanket of over 60,000 hands .
oldfield recorded the majority of the album at his home studio , roughwood studios , and then recorded the orchestrations in just one day at abbey road studios , london with the london session orchestra .
the orchestrations and arrangements for the rutles recordings were made by noted film composer john altman .
modern welsh composers such as alun hoddinott and william mathias produced large scale orchestrations , though both have returned to religious themes within their work .
elaborate orchestrations by alain goraguer blended styles , permitting her to navigate between jazz , children 's songs , and anything in between .
the score was composed by bronislau kaper and conducted by johnny green , with orchestrations by robert franklyn .
broadway arrangements and orchestrations ( a selection ) .
the song was recorded with sweeping orchestrations .
his orchestrations and arrangements were mostly done by ear .
he also did some work for ira gershwin on original orchestrations for several gershwin projects and worked with veteran orchestrator hans spialek on the 1983 broadway revival of " on your toes . "
handel 's messiah , performed annually since it was composed in 1741 , even with updated orchestrations by mozart and others , is a work that shows a rare continuous line of performance that gradually defied early performance practice , only to be embraced by it in more recent years .
she went from fleshing - out keyboard parts to scoring the album 's orchestrations and even co - writing the song , " 4 ever 2 gether " .
tony award for best orchestrations .
it is an " expression of a life 's work and dreams " , featuring intimate piano pieces , quartets and full orchestrations , " combining smooth jazz with contemporary instrumental themes " .
he wrote and orchestrated the score for the musical theatre work , " the immigrant , a new american musical " , for which he received a 2005 drama desk nomination for outstanding orchestrations . "
in 1930 a book of 3 orchestrations was published ( 1100 copies ) containing a number of arrangements for the orchestra .
michael gibson ( september 29 , 1944 - july 15 , 2005 ) was a musician and orchestrator nominated twice for the american theatre wing 's tony award for best orchestrations .
while at sydney technical high school he studied music and drama , played in the school bands and began writing orchestrations and arrangements .
arrangements and orchestrations on "
in addition to conducting a number of british - based orchestras , wilson is also an arranger and orchestrator and has produced a number of orchestrations for film , radio and television .
the show was beautifully done with a simple set and wonderful orchestrations .
while lippa takes a more abstract , non - date specific approach to his compositions and orchestrations , the lachiusa score is both more traditional in terms of musical theatre conventions as well as more period with regard to the roaring twenties setting .
this multitude of instruments , including string and horn orchestrations , figure prominently in his compositions , giving his music a symphonic sound .
the show was directed by scott ellis and choreographed by ann reinking , scenic design was by derek mclane , costume design was by martin pakledinaz , and orchestrations by don sebesky .
for this concert , the song was re - arranged as an acoustic ballad with string orchestrations added by michael kamen and played by students of the juilliard school .
there are several other differences from songs in the movie and as they appear on the soundtrack , mainly in omitted verses and different orchestrations .
the work reflects strauss 's fascination for the ' revolutionary ' orchestrations of wagner and meyerbeer .
writing in 1991 , the music critic james wierzbicki described how that at this time " górecki was seen as a polish heir to the new aesthetic of post - webernian serialism ; with his taut structures , lean orchestrations and painstaking concern for the logical ordering of pitches " .
the band found most of the songs impossible to perform live , due to extremely lush orchestrations and a great deal of overdubbing .
the production was directed by daniel mann , with dances and musical ensembles by agnes de mille set to the orchestrations of ted royal .
he has done some orchestrations for songs like " madih el zoll el ali " , " ahmad el zaatar " and " moussakafoun noun " .
stokowski , like ravel , uses mainly woodwind textures here ; however , the two orchestrations manage to sound completely different .
orchestrations .
life² marks its time as the return of the original asura sound , with 10 strong tracks , composed by melodic echoes , aramean tribal rhythms , ethereal duduks , hypnotic basslines , symphonic orchestrations , fusion of gentleness and strength blending into acid themes .
following the show 's closing , the orchestrations were packed for transport to the writers ' publisher , but could not be found there later .
for some musicals created before cast recordings became the norm , studio cast recordings are all that exist to document the original productions ' orchestrations .
their unique timbre allows them to project even against a full orchestra and through the heaviest of orchestrations and enhance articulation and nearly any dynamic .
contrary to what has been misstated here , leigh did not write the orchestrations under the name of his company music makers ; rather , it was actually hall , who was his employee , and whose family retains the original orchestra ideas totally redone by hall ( a composition student of tibor serly and bela bartok , arranger for arthur godfrey 's talent scouts ) .
it was not until the 29th annual drama desk awards in 1983 that a specific category for outstanding orchestrations was created .
in contrast to other orchestrations , funtek 's adheres closely to mussorgsky 's original piano version .
" terra unifirma " , " another brother gone " and " broken blood " are built around laid - back grooves and detailed guitar orchestrations .
he has also provided orchestrations , or been the musical director , for many off - broadway musicals .
this composition belongs to the series of strauss waltzes which reflect the composer 's fascination for avant - garde orchestrations and harmonic styles of hector berlioz and richard wagner .
he has done the orchestrations for 21 broadway musicals , 2 special concerts , including the benefit concert of " sunday in the park with george " , and was the musical director for " the mystery of edwin drood " ( 1985 ) .
using the benefits of combined analog and digital recording techniques , their songs often feature dense and busy orchestrations of traditional rock instruments performing live , layered with synthesizers , beatle - esque harmonies , electronics , percussion , and occasionally a horn section .
in his teens he formed a second band , a quintette , including himself on the violin , his sister on the pianoforte or the bass and three friends of the family , for which german prepared the orchestrations .
the transparent and chamber - like orchestration of the first symphony is in quite a contrast to the complex and sophisticated mahlerian orchestrations found in many of his later symphonies , and the assurance with which the composer imagines , then realizes large - scale structure , is as impressive as his vigor and freshness of gesture .
on the other hand , already existing service orchestrations may be composed in service choreographies .
originally brought in to flesh - out keyboard parts , dudley was soon co - writing with the group and scoring the album 's much - noted orchestrations .
the ' side two ' of the lp featured lush orchestrations and a string of rock songs linked together in a way that was reminiscent of the beatles " sgt .
the prominence of the saxophones in the later orchestrations is somewhat reduced , and the banjo part can be dispensed with , as its mainly rhythmic contribution is provided by the inner strings .
the record 's denser , almost symphonic character was a nod to the amount of chamber music pier had been composing , and the neo - classical - inflected orchestrations he had been doing for vancouver songwriter veda hille , with whom he toured europe and north america extensively .
versions and orchestrations .
the cd includes the bonus tracks : " loneliness of evening " ( recorded by mary martin , later used in second tv version of cinderella ) ; " my girl back home " ( recorded by mary martin ) ; " bali ha'i " ( cover version by ezio pinza ) ; and symphonic scenario for concert orchestra ( original orchestrations by robert russell bennett ) .
a new broadway recording , with new ( reduced ) orchestrations by orchestrator jonathan tunick was released by ps classics , with additional material not included on the original cast album .
some 19th century operas , such as " ivanhoe " include the instrument in their orchestrations .
that same year he received a commission from the houston symphony orchestra to write the fourteen - movement " texas suite " , which contains several newly - composed pieces along with orchestrations of some of his previous works .
allmusic writes that the tracks utilize " penetrating wit and funk - infused beats , accompanied by grand orchestrations of commanding horns , pronounced percussion , and various string elements " .
the cast featured michelle duffy and kevin earley , and the production received critical praise for patti colombo 's choreography , steve orich 's new orchestrations and scenic design by roy christopher .
back to bacharach and david is an off - broadway revue that featured the songs of burt bacharach and hal david in a show created by steve gunderson and kathy najimy and directed by najimy , with musical arrangements and orchestrations by gunderson .
there is also an acoustic remix of " nothing else matters " that is called the " elevator version " with no electric guitars ( replaced by acoustic guitars , even for the solo ) , kamen 's orchestrations , and hetfield 's voice only ; it appears as the b - side to sad but true .
the ballet is performed to a combination of original music by joby talbot and arrangements of music by jack white of the white stripes , with orchestrations by christopher austin .
other orchestrations .
it is pitched an octave below the oboe and furnished with an additional semitone taking its range down to a. it was intended to provide a broad oboe - like sound in the middle register of the swollen orchestrations of the turn of the twentieth century .
orchestrations .
one characterized by the mid - tempo , funky baselines and orchestrations of roberta flack 's " back together again " ( 1979 ) , arranged , produced , and conducted by eric mercury and arif mardin , with gene orloff , concertmaster ( the style predated " rap " )
in april 2008 , a re - worked version was performed at laycock st. theatre with new orchestrations and several new songs by central coast musician andrew swan and a re - vamped script edited by director stuart smith .
nunn 's " opening up " of the stage production was considered highly imaginative ; his cast received much critical praise , and the three - hour production retained nearly all of gershwin 's music , heard in the original 1935 orchestrations .
mccartney and asher brought in arranger richard hewson to add orchestrations to several of the songs and unusual " link " passages in between them ; these would receive a mixed reception at best .
with heavy rock and elegant orchestrations , the album presents energy , thought , intensity and an inner peace , ending with an overall sense of calm .
he completed orchestrations of previous works , but new compositions were not forthcoming , and certainly not the opera which he was now fixated on composing , still convinced that success in the larger forms was the mark of compositional greatness .
the musical won four tonys for best musical , best original score ( music and lyrics by miranda ) , best choreography , and best orchestrations , among other awards .
so he took the electronic stuff and kept it there , then built the orchestrations on top of it , you know what i mean ? "
a moody , tightly structured collection of dream pop songs with lush , idiosyncratic orchestrations and intentionally retro lyrics , " floating into the night " became a favorite of such musicians as tim booth , lead singer of the band james , and techno artist moby , who would go on to collaborate with cruise on the unreleased track " drown disco " .
he also became chief arranger for the first four years of the dean martin show ( which featured bandleader " les brown and his band of renown " ) , producing orchestrations for dean and his co - stars to sing behind .
orchestrations on the album were arranged by noted polish film composer zbigniew preisner and conducted by robert ziegler
his orchestrations of other composers ' works drew frequent criticisms , so when in 1929 he made an orchestral transcription of bach 's " toccata and fugue in d minor " , he presented it as a transcription by a russian composer called paul klenovsky .
the character list was whittled down from 22 to 10 , and the original orchestrations also underwent a reduction to a little band .
to use their color palette in their orchestrations .
his music combines melodic elements of rare world instruments , mastery of synthesizer orchestrations and studio techniques .
utilizing a large group of musicians under the direction of charlie calello known collectively as " the al kooper big band " , kooper strayed away from the heavy string orchestrations of his début as well .
their musical style stems from modern orchestrations for classical string instruments , which results in self - described " orchestral space pop . "
the dance ensembles were by michael mordkin , direction by theodore komisarjevsky , orchestrations by robert russell bennett .
the musical is the first in which gershwin wrote some of the orchestrations himself .
in general , the orchestrations of handel 's earlier operas tended to be richer and smoother than in his later works , utilizing additional instruments like bassoons to achieve different tone colours .
over six years as many as forty - five orchestrations were scored and many others will be scored so to be able to perform a new programme every four years .
his barry - esque orchestrations combined with electronic rhythm elements gave the brosnan era its musical identity .
featuring guest violins by avi ludmer ( mahogany rush ) , orchestrations by classical pianists melina soochan and jonathan lefrancois - leduc ( blackguard ) .
there are two different orchestrations of the song , which were recorded , the version used at the eurovision was the later version .
a lush version , with orchestrations and arrangements by nelson riddle can be heard on the 1964 verve release " ella fitzgerald sings the johnny mercer songbook " .
the score was composed by bronislau kaper and conducted by hans sommer , with orchestrations by robert franklyn and skip martin .
after the premiere , grofé took the score and made new orchestrations in 1926 and 1942 , each time for larger orchestras .
it was directed by george s. kaufman , with dances and musical numbers by michael kidd , scenic and lighting design by jo mielziner , costumes by alvin colt , and orchestrations by george bassman and ted royal .
notably , holmes conceived most of the orchestrations himself , a rarity for a broadway composer .
in his early career he assisted the celebrated film music orchestrator , christopher palmer , on the orchestrations for " cape fear " and re - recordings of classic film scores including " taxi driver " .
lange was a prolific arranger of dance band orchestrations during the 1920s .
as orchestrator and arranger joseph has contributed to showtime 's sensational hit series dexter , the lifetime feature the memory keeper 's daughter , nickelodeon 's first prime time family movie gym teacher ; and additional orchestrations for the features , what happens in vegas and traitor .
many times , it seemed like ehrengraf had done nothing to earn his fee , yet he always claimed it , strongly hinting to his clients , some who balked , that the surprising turn of events was the result of his orchestrations rather than revelations of the actual truth .
despite some criticism over her age , the popularity of the tour , produced by robert stigwood and david land with the orchestrations , stage design and direction of the original 1978 london production , led to it being extended throughout 1996 .
since the 1950s the venezuelan composer aldemaro romero pioneered praiseworthy orchestrations of numerous joropos , among other native venezuelan genres , allowing international audiences to enjoy the beautiful venezuelan music , albeit in a more conventional presentation .
of his earlier works , he composed the orchestrations for the dance numbers for the original broadway productions of " flower drum song " by richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein ii and for " funny girl " .
difficulties with computer hardware were due to the limited amount of ram affecting mäenpää 's ability to compose orchestrations in real time .
this music began to emerge in the 1970s both in france amongst the composers of the " groupe de l'itinéraire " , influenced by work of composers such as maurice ravel and olivier messiaen , in germany amongst the members of the feedback group in cologne , and in romania , with composers around hyperion ensemble , all of whom created harmonies and orchestrations based on the harmonic and inharmonic partials contained in complex sounds , such as multiple - stop organ tones , bell sounds , and bird song .
scenic design and costumes were by vincente minnelli , with additional costumes by raoul pène du bois , and original orchestrations were by robert russell bennett , conrad salinger , hans spialek and don walker .
he writes his own orchestrations and arrangements for his theatre and film scores .
in 1997 loeb released a second major - label album , " firecracker " , and began experimenting even more with orchestrations done with dan coleman .
pepper 's " , while others simply put it in a category all by itself because of the complex orchestrations .
along with joplin 's first opera ( " a guest of honor " , 1903 ) , the orchestration notes for " treemonisha " have been completely lost , so subsequent performances have been produced using orchestrations created by a variety of composers , including thomas j. anderson , gunther schuller , and most recently , rick benjamin .
it is also often used to support other mixed orchestrations , such as doubling the bass trombone or tuba at the octave .
stradling 's music has been featured in films , commercials and on television , most notably in the feature film " ray of sunshine " and on " entertainment tonight " ( compositions ) , the " american music awards " ( compositions and arrangements ) , and in the films " flushed away " , " the number 23 " and " shrek the third " ( orchestrations ) .
orchestrations of works by jack sydney gerber
the accompanying fanfare , originally composed by ferdinand j. smith for score productions , has become a musical logo for the network with numerous re - orchestrations of this fanfare being used , varying from the traditional horns to piano .
andrew lloyd webber did not like the orchestrations in the second act after listening to it one afternoon , so he had half the album re - recorded .
influenced by everything from ambient music to hip - hop , their early singles and albums were a mixture of dance beats and lush orchestrations .
one characterized by the " new york - style " mid - tempo ' bubbly ' beat and spicy orchestrations of phyllis hyman 's " you know how to love me " ( 1979 ) , arranged , produced , and conducted by james mtume and reggie lucas , with gerald vinci , concertmaster
the stan kenton orchestra recorded johnny richards ' " west side story " , an entire album of jazz orchestrations based on the bernstein scores , in 1961 .
lansbury had only made a demo recording , singing with a solo piano because the orchestrations would have been added when the picture was scored .
" double feature ( a ballet in two acts ) " was made by susan stroman on new york city ballet to music of irving berlin and walter donaldson and a libretto by ms. stroman and glen kelly with orchestrations by doug besterman and arrangement by mr. kelly ; the libretto for " makin ' whoopee ! " is based on the play " seven chances " , variously attributed to roi cooper megris and david belasco .
his special orchestrations of shows for amateur companies remain in demand world wide .
howard and shyamalan chose to simplify the score , and minimized the number of instruments ( strings , trumpets and piano ) , with limited orchestrations .
in the 1985 book " barbra streisand : the woman , the myth , the music " by shaun considine , composer jule styne revealed he was unhappy with the orchestrations for the film .
torsten rasch 's orchestrations were recorded by the dresdner sinfoniker , conducted by jonathan stockhammer , in berlin during july 2004 .
in 1983 , forgács established the private photo & film archives foundation ( ppfa ) in budapest , a unique collection of amateur film footage and has made this material the raw data for his unique re - orchestrations of history .
the music on " atem " ranges from slow atmospheric pieces to more aggressive percussion and vocal experiments with dynamic mellotron orchestrations .
he also strengthened the ensemble and regular principal singers and introduced the policy of predominantly engaging guest singers ; and began a collaboration with la scala in milan , in which both productions and orchestrations were shared .
service orchestrations , service choreographies are not executed : they are " enacted " .
the show was a lavish affair , with designs by anthony ward , new and fresh orchestrations by william david brohn and a move from its original intimate melodramatic feel to a cinematic and symphonic feel to accommodate an audience that was raised on the motion picture .
more recent studio albums have tended to be note - complete recreations of the original orchestrations often with opera singers taking the leads such as emi 's recordings of " brigadoon " and " show boat " .
he did wonderful orchestrations for rive gauche legend juliette gréco that were jazzy , urbane , vibrant , quirky , even cartoonish at times , but always very enjoyable .
press : " ... with b&s mainstay mick cooke 's superb orchestrations conducted by rick wentworth , god help the girl has real class ... " mojo * * * * "
the bbc review stated fans hoping for " a fresh suite of crisp new sparks songs " might be disappointed because " there are no tunes without the tale attached " , but added that " luckily , the tale is a good one " : the story of hollywood corruption " is told masterfully , and builds to a dramatic conclusion that both condemns hollywood and satirises its conventions with rapier - sharp wit . " andy gill in " the independent " gave " the seduction of ingmar bergman " a maximum rating of 5 stars and included the record among his 20 albums of the year : " sharply scripted , with that sly , knowing touch so typical of sparks , it 's also scored with scrupulous intelligence , the arrangements drawing on a range of apt influences , from kurt weill to jazz , pop and rock , and the orchestrations ingeniously duplicitous , wistful and sinister , as the action dictates .
in part a of z14 , the order of the listed symphonic works reflects the order of raff 's orchestrations .
arrangements by koen schoots and orchestrations by kim scharnberg .
to make the opera more suitable for a broadway audience , papp 's creative team wrote new orchestrations for a synthesizer - based orchestra .
more recently , with the gewandhaus orchestra , chailly has led recordings of felix mendelssohn , johannes brahms , and the robert schumann symphonies in the re - orchestrations by gustav mahler .
it was cut from the show with belle but the melody is still heard within the orchestrations , sung by rusty and dustin .
his final works are mostly re - orchestrations or revisions of earlier music , and liturgical choral music .
however , by the late 1940s , bradley 's compositions and orchestrations had become more original and complex , occasionally utilizing the twelve - tone technique devised by arnold schoenberg who , along with bela bartok , igor stravinsky , and paul hindemith , influenced bradley 's approach . "
while on a visit to the u.s. in 1958 , legrand collaborated with such musicians as miles davis , john coltrane , bill evans , phil woods , ben webster , hank jones , and art farmer in an album of inventive orchestrations of jazz standards titled " legrand jazz " .
the music is by claude - michel schönberg , with orchestrations by john cameron .
in and out of his stylistic phases , leonardo balada 's music promises rhythmic excitement , often haunting atmospheres and unceasingly innovative orchestrations .
the orchestrations call for double bass ( db . bass guitar ) , drums ( db . timpani , duck call , glockenspiel , large gong , mark tree , triangle and wood block ) , alto saxophone ( db . clarinet/ flute ) , trombone ( db . cowbell ) , and trumpet ( db . flugelhorn/ tambourine ) .
in 1939 bandleader glenn miller recorded and broadcast his swing instrumental arrangement of the tune with great success , and the number became one of the best known orchestrations of the american big band era .
this production was nominated for 2 drama desk awards for outstanding book of a musical mark harelik and outstanding orchestrations steven m. alper .
however , szell was quite prepared to play music in unconventional ways if he thought the music needed these ; and , like most other conductors before and since , he made many small modifications to orchestrations and even notes in the works of beethoven , schubert and others .
all star musicians - but with the addition of the full london symphony orchestra , conducted and arranged by eve nelson and with orchestrations by producer ira schickman and gary anderson .
barbra streisand insisted on reusing his original orchestrations when they could be found and colleagues , including stanley donen , johnny green and andre previn , have subsequently paid tribute to his musical abilities .
it was directed by edgar macgregor , choreographed by robert alton , with the orchestrations of robert russell bennett and ted royal .
nearly 30 years after their legendary collaboration on the ill - fated " smile " project , wilson and parks teamed up again for this " orange crate art " , which in essence , is really a van dyke parks album , full of his dense , complex songwriting and lush orchestrations , while featuring brian wilson on vocals .
regarding wainwright 's attempt at creating radio - friendly music , petridis claimed that wainwright " does n't seem to be trying at all " by employing neil tennant ( a musician also known for grandiloquence ) as executive producer of the album and including extravagant orchestrations .
" new york - style " uptempo beat with multi - dimensional orchestrations can be heard in high inergy 's " shoulda gone dancing " ( 1979 ) , arranged , produced , and conducted by donnell jones and gerald lee , with assa drori , concertmaster .
the dresdner sinfoniker is conducted by jonathan stockhammer and orchestrations are by torsten rasch .
" blender " described the album as " a portrait of splendid derangement with spectacular orchestrations " .
connick does not sing on this album , but plays the piano as an " additional musician " , and does the orchestrations and arrangements , and is a producer on the album .
he also contributed orchestrations to the danger mouse produced second album by uk psychedelic three piece the shortwave set in 2008 .
because of its small cast and relatively simple orchestrations , it has become popular with community theatre , school and other amateur groups .
as was standard practice at the time , the album producer hired the john williams ' orchestrations as well as the session orchestra specifically for the album .
following the departures of guitarist billy sherwood and keyboardist igor khoroshev , and rick wakeman 's decision not to rejoin the band , remaining members jon anderson , chris squire , steve howe and alan white decided to fill the keyboard role with an orchestra , and hired film composer larry groupé to compose and conduct original orchestrations and musical bridges .
complete orchestrations of all 24 preludes include versions by colin matthews , luc brewaeys , and hans henkemans .
recorded in london , the album showed new sounds and orchestrations , with 14 songs , all in english .
this is a list of casts of new york city ballet co - founder and balletmaster george balanchine 's 1960 " monumentum pro gesualdo " , made to igor stravinsky 's eponymous music composed in honor of the 400th birthday of don carlo gesualdo and consisting of stravinsky 's orchestrations of don carlo 's madrigals .
orchestrations .
intervening years have brought a new appreciation for it , as well as john williams ' underscore and orchestrations .
therefore they put up a strange mixture of orchestrations which did not go well .
giordano and the nighthawks have contributed to a number of films and he is especially noted for orchestrations featured in the movies of woody allen .
further evolving the style was their 2001 release , " new obscurantis order " , which proved to be their most groundbreaking release to date , involving even faster tempos , more polished orchestrations and an all - around more violent sound .
he has received numerous tony award and drama desk award nominations for orchestration , and won the 2003 drama desk award for outstanding orchestrations for " hairspray " .
she has scored orchestrations for dozens of pop releases over the years , and both scored and produced the album " voice " for her neighbor alison moyet .
he has also written numerous articles on drums and percussion , and is the author of an instructional book on drum technique entitled " stickings and orchestrations for drum set . "
lacamoire , along with bill sherman , won the 2008 tony award for best orchestrations for their combined work on " in the heights " .
