in the 2000 municipal election , she was elected as a school board trustee , managing to oust the incumbent .
he conspired with the dutch east india company to try to oust the british from bengal and in 1759 invited them to send troops to aid him .
islam first reached taiwan in the 17th century when muslim families from the southern chinese coastal province of fujian accompanied koxinga on his invasion to oust the dutch from taiwan .
armey has been accused of being involved in a 1997 attempt to oust gingrich as speaker , something armey has strongly denied .
the river arz forms part of the commune 's northern border , then flows into the oust , which forms most of its eastern border .
" animal farm : a fairy story " is a satirical novella by george orwell , ostensibly about a group of animals who oust the humans from the farm on which they live .
in 1556 , hidesada together with shibata katsuie gathered troops to oust nobunaga and replace him with nobuyuki .
the operation called ( opération crevette , or operation shrimp ) was mounted in order to oust then president , mathieu kérékou .
the forces that déby led into n'djamena on december 1 , 1990 , to oust president habré , were mainly zaghawa , including a large number of sudanese , many of whom were recruited while déby was in the bush .
incumbent republican senator bob bennett is expected to seek re - election ; but conservative activists , led by erick erickson of the redstate blog , have urged utah republicans to oust bennett and nominate someone whom they consider a more reliable conservative .
the roman catholic archbishop of bulawayo , pius ncube , called for mass public protests to pressure president mugabe to resign on 22 march and the day after john howard , the prime minister of australia , called for the world to oust mugabe .
in rotterdam the militia forced the " vroedschap " to oust the remaining states party regents , as in dordrecht .
joão guterres managed to temporarily oust njinga mona in 1669 , but was defeated and killed in 1670 .
in mid-1958 , the army , which had supported duvalier earlier , tried to oust him in another coup but failed .
carnot and barthélemy both supported concessions to end the war , and hoped to oust the triumvirate and replace them with more conservative men .
in 1385 , the archbishop of novgorod aleksei ( r. 1359 - 1388 ) sent a novgorodian army to oust the new establishment , but the new bishopric , with the help of the city of ustiug , was able to defeat it .
in decisive places , they should oust period stylization ( of the tudor era , and of english affectation ) and express the essentials .
he was prominent as the republic of china 's ambassador to the united states during the second world war , foreign minister during the years in which the people 's republic of china sought to oust the roc from the united nations , and was also the first civilian governor of taiwan province ( 1947 - 1949 ) , replacing governor general chen yi .
bangaru tirumala approached safdar ali khan , son of the carnatic nawab , with an offer of three million rupees to oust the queen in favour of him .
in 1965 , during an attempt by chief editor tony godwin and the board of directors to oust him , he stole a book 's entire print run and burnt it .
but it was to be an american star of the future , julie ditty , then ranked only 297th , who would oust her 6–1 6–2 in the semi - finals .
owen musser , the racist county property inspector , plans to oust property owner betty meeks and convert the lodge into a meeting place for the ku klux klan .
when the great admiral andrea doria of the powerful doria family allied with the emperor charles v to oust the french and restore genoa 's independence , a renewed prospect opened : 1528 marks the first loan from genoese banks to charles .
reacting to this coup , parliamentarians took refuge in the mayor 's office of the 20th arrondissement of paris and 220 of them voted to oust louis - napoleon from power .
they oust the original x - men , portraying them as a dangerous militia .
soon after arriving in japan they are helped by a rival veteran crime boss who wants to oust killer the gangster for good and dominate his operations .
hussein kamel plans to oust saddam with western co - operation and to ingratiate himself with the west by revealing state secrets .
however , his stint in the comelec was cut short when president aquino appointed him as chairman of the presidential fact - finding commission to investigate the december 1 , 1989 coup attempt in which military rebels meant to oust president aquino .
in 260 , the ruler cao mao led his men on a coup d'etat to oust sima zhao from power but failed and was killed by sima zhao 's deputies .
extercatte showed great promise in his first two years in the pdc , winning the open oust nederland in 2004 , followed by the 2005 open holland .
matilda , though , was less sanguine , and secured the support of the scottish king , david , who was her maternal uncle , and in 1138 the support of her half - brother , robert of gloucester the earl of gloucester , an illegitimate son of henry i. most of the reign of king stephen was dominated by the efforts of matilda and later her son , henry of anjou to oust stephen from the throne .
a controversial and polarizing campaign , calling on voters explicitly to strengthen blocher against alleged attempts to oust him from government , led to the svp winning the largest share of the national vote of any party since 1919 , gaining 62 of the 200 seats in the national council .
however , the paper suffered financially after its publisher , sondhi limthongkul , took up a campaign to oust prime minister thaksin shinawatra , and after 15 months of publishing , the paper put out its last issue on august 31 , 2006 , though a message from editor - in - chief paisal sricharatchanya said he hoped the paper might be restarted at a later date .
he worked for public opinion strategies and duhaime communications before managing bill baroni 's 2003 bid for new jersey state assembly — the only republican to oust a democratic incumbent that year , and one of politicsnj.com 's best campaigns of the year .
before the motion was submitted to a vote , de venecia delivered a speech before the house where he criticized president gloria macapagal - arroyo and alleged that her government was behind the move to oust him from the speakership .
since mr. kamaraj has done his best to serve the tamilians , since he has changed acharyar 's educational system designed to perpetuate the caste system , since he has conferred many jobs and many benefits on tamilians in the educational and other spheres and since the brahman and dmk people are trying to oust him from power , it has become the duty of all tamilians to support mr. kamaraj and his followers in the election
the campaign to oust bird is considered a triumph for social conservatives .
a party attempting to oust an incumbent union must produce evidence of support from a majority of the craft of class .
once coalesce returned home from the road , jim convinced the other bandmates to oust ingram from the band .
it was hoped that the presence of this allied force , as well as the czech force moving back towards germany , would firstly invigorate the white russian counter - revolution to oust the communists and secondly , to encourage the czechs to take up arms against germany - with the aim of re - opening a second front against germany .
the first known use of the term " golden parachute " dates back to when creditors sought to oust howard hughes from control of twa airlines .
near the end of 1889 , general discontent ( mainly due to high inflation ) encouraged the civic union ( led by aristóbulo del valle and leandro alem ) to attempt to oust president miguel juárez celman , whose conservative rule , like those of previous presidents , had been marked by electoral fraud and corruption .
she learns that in her absence , yorrick kaine has joined forces with goliath corporation and plans to oust the aging english president george formby .
specifically there was a concern that the radical left - wing umma party , supported by okello 's armed militia , would oust the more moderate members of the asp from government and seize control .
for example , greens became allied with centre - right parties to oust the centre - left ruling pri party of mexico .
opposition to the plan resulted in sloan narrowly escaping a 2004 vote to oust him as president , and eventually resigning in 2005 .
the generalized resistance caused the soviet union to abandon its original plan to oust the first secretary .
unable to oust soriano jr. , zobel sold his group 's 19.5-percent stake to eduardo cojuangco , jr. , a resourceful businessman and an astute political adviser of then president ferdinand marcos .
despite kurdish solidarity , u.s. preparations to oust iraqi president saddam hussein brought welcome reinforcements to the conflict .
after the war , elisha moves to the british mandate of palestine and joins a terrorist group determined to oust the british from the area .
in february 1847 almonte and a few other mexican generals tried to oust gómez farías from power , but failed .
several of his fathers subordinate " emirs " left the city for cairo to lobby al - aziz uthman to oust him on claims he was inexperienced and had the intent to sweep out the old ayyubid guard .
when in 1945 minnesota communists attempted to seize control of the new party , humphrey became an engaged anti - communist and led the successful fight to oust the communists from the dfl .
napoleon bonaparte had launched the french invasion of egypt in 1798 and fought against the ottomans to establish a french presence in the middle east , with the ultimate dream of linking with a muslim enemy of the british in india , tippu sahib , in order to oust the british from the indian subcontinent .
she then ran an election ticket called eat ( education action team ) in an unsuccessful bid to oust the faction in charge , headed by the future goss government identity david barbagallo .
in 2004 , a durham minister started an online petition to oust dumas for what the minister called " racially incendiary " comments about " american idol " winner fantasia barrino , who is black .
simon digby was awarded the manor of coleshill in 1496 by king henry vii , following the battle of bosworth and the execution of simon de montford for helping in the attempt to oust the king .
fine gael found itself in government , when all the anti - fianna fáil parties between them won enough seats in that year 's general election to oust fianna fáil and take power .
the 1990 parliamentary elections led to a national assembly dominated by three ethnically - based parties , which had formed a loose coalition to oust the communists from power .
in 1952 the battle was commemorated by the nationalist group koun breizh , who funded the erection of a statue of nominoë by the artist raffig tullou in bains - sur - oust , near the site of the victory .
however , this did not completely oust the position of the charter as a symbol of the law of the ' golden age ' and the basis of common law .
the two generals had the tacit approval of the cia station chief , ted shackley , to oust ma .
soviet troops intervened in the 1956 hungarian revolution and cited the brezhnev doctrine , the soviet counterpart to the u.s. johnson doctrine and later nixon doctrine , and helped oust the czechoslovak government in 1968 , sometimes referred to as the prague spring .
within a few years of the gulf war in iraq , many neoconservatives were pushing to oust saddam hussein .
the fight over the union funds led to a battle by union members to oust glimco .
for these reasons , but under the guise of protecting copan 's tobacco plantations owned by the federal government , arce decided to oust herrera .
in 1511 , several caciques in puerto rico , such as agüeybaná , urayoán , guarionex , and orocobix , allied with the caribs and tried to oust the spaniards .
his ties soon deepened : he met in a new york city hotel room with midwestern teamsters leader jimmy hoffa and plotted to help hoffa oust teamsters general president dave beck .
wu convinced chen jiongming to oust sun from guangzhou in return for recognition of his control over guangdong .
he was executed in 1495 for helping in the attempt to oust king henry vii , who then granted his lands to simon digby in 1496 .
suzuki came to know that the government of india had contacted volkswagen ag from west germany as a possible supplier , it did everything to oust vw from the race to produce india 's first people 's car ( maruti 800 ) .
the group consequently orchestrated a peaceful way to frustrate and ultimately oust the governor by bankrolling a former warlord , hussein ismail , the latter of whom then gathered militias and threatened to start a civil war in the region .
however , after a controversy over the diplomatic recognition of taiwan and china , the vanua'aku party reunited in december 2004 and was involved in the effort to oust vohor .
on this day a general partisan uprising and the ( western ) allied spring offensive managed to largely oust the germans from italy .
unfortunately for blomberg , his position as the most influential man in the army alienated hermann göring and heinrich himmler , who conspired to oust blomberg from power .
the poles desire to oust boris godunov with the help of the upstart demetrius .
in 1949 , he was involved in yaddo 's share of the red scare when he attempted unsuccessfully to oust yaddo 's director elizabeth ames who was being questioned by the fbi for her alleged involvement with writer agnes smedley , who was being accused of spying for the soviet union .
in february 1994 dukes became involved in a failed attempt to oust bruton as leader and subsequently resigned from the front bench .
they failed to oust the guru in the third battle of anandpur , and retreated .
hours after the impeachment proceedings , congressmen allied with the president led a move to oust villar from his post as speaker , replacing him with estrada ally arnulfo fuentebella .
in 2001 , cyril ramaphosa , tokyo sexwale and phosa were investigated in connection with an alleged plot to oust mbeki .
by december 1916 the french fleet was bombing athens and in paris briand was suspected , alternately , of having seduced marie in a futile attempt to bring greece over to the allied side , or of having been seduced by her to oust constantine and set george upon the greek throne .
sabar lal said he had been an anti - taliban fighter during their administration , that he suffered a gun - shot wound during his opposition to the taliban , and that he had helped oust the taliban during the american invasion .
two or three unsuccessful attempts were made to oust the government without success , but in february 1875 , governor robinson 's decision to release of the bushranger frank gardiner led to the defeat of the ministry .
on a later visit to ray , in 839 h ( 1435 - 6 ce ) , shahrukh finally brought some stability to the area , by recruiting jahan shah , one of the sons of the great former qara - qoyunlu leader qara yusuf , to govern azerbaijan and oust his older brother qara iskander .
until september 19 , 1994 , when u.s. military troops arrived to oust the cédras regime , the performances at the oloffson offered a unique situation for all parties involved and helped sustain the band , despite its confrontations with the " junta " , in a period when many other artists either fled the country , were persecuted , or killed .
in the autumn of 1922 , chamberlain faced a backbench revolt ( largely led by stanley baldwin ) designed to oust lloyd george , and when he summoned a meeting of conservative mps at the carlton club on 19 october , a motion in favour of fighting the forthcoming election as an independent party .
shelley carroll , who led the faction of left - leaning trustees opposed to christie , waged a successful campaign to oust canfield as chair of the tdsb .
ranulf became a leading advisor to robert , and assisted in his unsuccessful invasion of england , an attempt to oust henry from the throne .
in china , there are some 20 million muslims and it is believed to have first reached taiwan in the 17th century when muslim families from the southern chinese coastal province of fujian accompanied koxinga on his invasion of taiwan to oust the dutch from the southern city of tainan in 1661 .
boyd was fired for allegedly misusing company funds , but claimed that martinez , and then vice - president ( now president ) mark taylor , were trying to oust the elderly esther snyder from the company .
on october 3rd , 1989 , a coup attempt by members of the panama defense forces ( pdf ) to oust general manuel noriega led to a street fight which wound up occurring literally across the street from the gorgas hospital complex .
nineteenth century protestant american " nativist " prejudice against irish catholics reached a peak in the mid-1850s with the know nothing movement , which tried to oust catholics from public office .
bulgaria continued to oust division leaders , knocking czechoslovakia out of the undefeated group .
while not the first to discover it , amy was the first to oust fiona fox for cheating on sonic with scourge , enraged that anyone would play with sonic 's emotions so cruelly .
however , on april 7 , 2006 " the tennessean " reported that the tbc would seek to oust the existing board and replace it with one consisting entirely of southern baptists and amenable to ongoing tbc control .
therefore the princes relied on their right to vote , from which also derived the right to oust a king .
the military interventions in france thus ended in an ironic fashion for philip : they had failed to oust henry from the throne or suppress protestantism in france and yet they had played a decisive part in helping the french catholic cause gain the conversion of henry , ensuring that catholicism would remain france 's official and majority faith - matters of paramount importance for the devoutly catholic spanish king .
in 1964 , khrushchev 's kremlin colleagues managed to oust him , but allowed him a peaceful retirement .
democratic speaker of the house bob griffin was facing a challenge from republicans and six democratic allies who hoped to oust him as speaker .
( hawkins had faced a similar move to oust him four years earlier but on that occasion had managed to survive the bid to unseat him without a ballot of local members following the intervention of the party chairman , michael ancram , and go on to stand in the 2001 general election . )
when fighting broke out in 1996 following the split of the khmer rouge and the coup to oust prince ranarridh in 1997 , he fled with his family to the ban ma muang camp just inside thailand .
it was caused by an attempt of the zamindars to oust the tribal peasants from their hereditary possessions .
in 1986 , cheney , along with 145 republicans and 31 democrats , voted against a non - binding congressional resolution calling on the south african government to release nelson mandela from prison , after the democrats defeated proposed amendments that would have required mandela to renounce violence sponsored by the african national congress ( anc ) and requiring it to oust the communist faction from its leadership ; the resolution was defeated .
he becomes involved with a pretty young town girl and some residents who are trying to oust the sheriff , resulting in a robbery , a murder and his being pursued by a vengeful posse .
horn said that portions of a telephone conversation with a subordinate were used by the head of the u.s. mission , franklin huddle , to oust him from his post .
york and salisbury were both killed at the battle of wakefield in 1460 , but warwick helped york 's son edward , earl of march , to oust henry vi and gain the throne as edward iv a few months later .
on 4 april 1953 , cia director dulles approved a plan to oust mosaddegh .
coonan wanted to oust westies leader michael ' mickey ' spillane , but needed money to fund a rebellion .
former leader meg lees had been attempting to oust her successor and , with the assistance of three other senators - deputy leader aden ridgeway ( nsw ) , andrew murray ( wa ) and john cherry ( qld ) , forced the resignation of leader natasha stott despoja .
the ideal of u.s. policy was for diem to form a representative government , oust bao dai , and introduce democracy .
dingiswayo , having himself been exiled after a failed attempt to oust his father , had , along with a number of other groups in the region ( including mabhudu , dlamini , mkhize , qwabe , and ndwandwe , many probably responding to slaving pressures from southern mozambique ) helped develop new ideas of military and social organisation , in particular the " ibutho " , sometimes translated as ' regiment ' or ' troop ' ; it was rather an age - based labour gang which included some better - refined military activities , but by no means exclusively .
to return to putty moon and oust the evil wizard , putty enlists the help of some robots ( " bots " ) to build a skyscraper that will reach up to putty moon .
a key radical goal was to oust the ex - confederates from power as a worthwhile goal for reconstruction .
the other is noir , a rebel group sworn to oust the authoritarian order .
it was launched on august 29 , 1944 from banská bystrica in an attempt to oust the collaborationist government of jozef tiso .
roy disney 's efforts to oust eisner from the company were chronicled by james b. stewart in his best - selling book , " disneywar " .
to oust aubame from his legislative seat , m'ba appointed him president of the supreme court on 25 february , practically a powerless post .
yanukovych wanted to oust the second tymoshenko government .
however , two of ana 's daughters , kamana and murili escaped the civil war , took refuge in the ancient capital of ndongo on the kindonga islands and successfully resisted francisco ii 's attempts to oust them .
if they use their right to oust me , i have the right to defend myself . "
saint - vincent - sur - oust ( ) is a commune in the morbihan department in bretagne in north - western france .
the only round that surprised no one was round seven of the dallas stars - edmonton oilers grudge match that saw the first place stars oust the oilers with only some difficulty .
in the struggle that followed timur 's death in 1405 , his son aba bakr managed to oust jalayirid forces from tabriz and miran shah reestablished himself in azerbaijan .
sing tao daily and sister publication the standard reported that matriarch mrs. kwok kwong siu - hing , wielding the holding of the sun hung kai trust , intervened to oust walter from his chairman position to protect the family 's interests .
alan davey was a young fan of the band who had sent a tape of his playing to brock , and brock chose to oust reeves moving bainbridge from bass to keyboards in order to accommodate davey .
the byzantine exarch of ravenna olympius also came to sicily but was unable to oust the invaders , who returned to syria after collecting a large amount of booty .
little did megatron suspect , however , that starscream had evolved a new ambition - where in " armada " he had sought little more than megatron 's respect , now he sought to oust megatron and become the leader of the decepticons , then the universe .
constance myers indicates that three factors led to the expulsion of the trotskyists from the socialist party in 1937 : the divergence between the official socialists and the trotskyist faction on the issues , the determination of altman 's wing of the militants to oust the trotskyists , and trotsky 's own decision to move towards a break with the party .
stinson remained one of day 's strongest supporters , firmly against the alliance members who tried to oust him .
marius along with his son then returned from exile in africa with an army he had raised there and by the end of 87 bc combined with cinna to enter rome , oust octavius and take control of the city .
by carefully mobilizing his supporters within the chinese communist party , deng was able to outmaneuver mao 's appointed successor hua guofeng , who had previously pardoned him , and then oust hua from his top leadership positions by 1980 .
working as joint campaign manager with airey neave , shelton is reputed to have organised the successful " stealth " campaign to convince backbench tory mps on the party 's right wing that by backing thatcher in the leadership ballot they could oust edward heath .
mursili fled to egypt , the land of his country 's enemy , after the failure of his plots to oust his uncle from the throne .
by october 1961 , the decision was taken to use military force to oust the portuguese from their indian enclaves , and accordingly military resources were allocated for operation vijay .
during protests in early 2006 against thaksin , pallop noted that “ as a real friend and former classmate from military school , i fully support chamlong ( srimuang ) in his move ( to oust thaksin ) .
later , the maharashtra navnirman sena chief raj thackeray claimed that the protests were stoked by certain political parties in their bid to oust maharashtra home minister r. r. patil .
in october another attempt to oust haughey was initiated by charlie mccreevy .
djebel oust is a town and commune in the zaghouan governorate , tunisia .
in mid-1982 lower - level air force personnel backed by university students attempted a coup to oust moi .
in october 1996 , laurent - désiré kabila launched the campaign in zaire to oust the mobutu regime .
hoopes is also believed to be the person in oakland who donated the largest amount of money to the yes on proposition 8 campaign , which has caused some to seek to oust hoopes from public office .
what specific military actions would have been required post-9/11 to end state support of islamic totalitarianism is a question for specialists in military strategy , but even a cursory look at history can tell us one thing for sure : it would have required the willingness to take " devastating military action against enemy regimes "— to oust their leaders and prominent supporters , to make examples of certain regimes or cities in order to win the surrender of others , and to inflict suffering on complicit civilian populations , who enable terrorist - supporting regimes to remain in power .
the french under napoleon took hold of the maltese islands in 1798 , although with the aid of the british the maltese were able to oust french control two years later .
in january 1933 , there was a complex set of intrigues which saw franz von papen and various friends of the president paul von hindenburg negotiating with hitler to oust the chancellor , general kurt von schleicher .
with a rugged build and consistently solid catching , kelsey managed to fully oust swindin from the side ( swindin making only two appearances in 1953 - 54 ) and went on to be arsenal 's first - choice goalkeeper for the next eight seasons ; only a broken arm sustained in an fa cup tie against sheffield united in 1959 put kelsey out of the arsenal side for any considerable amount of time , with jim standen taking over in the meantime .
rather than fighting a civil war to oust his sister from power , victor tried to retire to a life of defending the inner sphere from the clans .
this in turn led to contacts with the cia , and in 1990 the government - in - exile of kuwait hired him to help drum up support for war in the persian gulf to oust iraq 's occupying army .
ecri also recalls that " in december 2004 , the court of first instance of verona has judged guilty of incitement to racial hatred six local representatives of the northern league , in connection with an organized campaign to oust a group of sinti from a temporary camp in the local territory .
when the narrator was ten , he was witness to the struggles of his immigrant family : his father risks his life to oust the gangsters from the painters union , while his mother tries to smuggle her sister 's family out of soviet russia .
critics have characterized minustah as an attempt by the united states , canada and france to oust haiti 's democratically elected populist president jean bertrand aristide , neutralize the supporters of fanmi lavalas , and secure the more pro - western government of gérard latortue .
in his resignation speech , he addressed the cases of corruption of which he is being accused , saying he is " proud to be a citizen of a country in which a prime minister can be investigated like any other citizen , " but also stated he " was forced to defend [ himself ] from ceaseless attacks by the self - appointed soldiers of justice , who sought to oust [ him ] from [ his ] position .
dexter and sebastian help the captain regain ownership of his vessel and oust the unwanted criminals .
in the same year he lost the party leadership when zevulun hammer and yosef burg combined forces to oust him .
according to castro , batista was a " monstrum horrendum " ... without entrails " who had committed an act of treachery in 1933 when he initiated a coup to oust cuban president ramón grau .
prince yaroslav of novgorod planned to punish the pskovians for their willfulness and oust dovmont from the city , but the novgorodians refused to support yaroslav 's campaign and , joining their forces with the pskovians , invaded lithuania the following year .
when the black squirrels morella and her father modequai arrive in greenwich , they and the grey squirrels plot against audrey , and finally storm into her chamber and oust her from office .
current president of ukraine viktor yanukovych ( elected february 2010 ) wants to oust the current cabinet and form a new cabinet with his party of regions .
the rwandan government was friendly to the west and provided a base for cia operations in the successful effort to oust the left - leaning patrice lumumba of the congo .
gonzalo 's father , doctor guadalupe de salazar , a converso , was royal physician , to the catholic monarchs , and one of 16 " regidores " ( administrators ) of granada during the struggle to oust the moors .
as sole owner , saigh 's notable actions included leading other baseball owners to oust ( by not renewing his contract ) commissioner of baseball happy chandler in december 1950 and proposing revenue - sharing of local television revenues .
the south african government attempted to step in to address perceived problems within van rooyen 's administration , but he survived two years of attempts to oust him .
finally , margaret ’s congregation decides to oust her , based on their perception that she unjustly ruined her own family in the name of religion .
several of the more prominent nobles of the vale signed a declaration to oust petyr from the eyrie and assume the rearing and training of robert arryn , calling themselves the ' lords declarant . '
the failure to oust noriega by coup was one of the main reasons for the american government to invade panama in operation just cause three months later .
a revolt in thatcher ’s cabinet prompted a reshuffle to oust opponents such as prior and bring in loyalist such as cecil parkinson but her leadership seemed in doubt .
there were almost 80 parties in colombia that did n't have representation in the congress , according to the 1991 constitutional reform to promote minority representation and oust bipartitism .
the road now by - passes the town of josselin and crosses the river oust .
al - shabaab would later oust ismail himself in july of that same year .
the pressure to oust " indians " from the american portion of the red river valley dated back well before minnesota statehood ( 1858 ) to the early years of the minnesota territory .
united fruit had been lobbying the cia to oust reform governments in guatemala since arévalo 's time but it was n't until the eisenhower administration that it found an ear in the white house .
then turning his attention to the count of blois , he proceeded to establish a fortress at langeais , a few miles from tours , from which , thanks to the intervention of the king hugh capet , odo failed to oust him .
stephen helped to oust vlad ţepeş 's brother , radu the handsome who had converted to islam and later became the ottoman commander of romania , he then installed laiotă basarab the old on the throne in the hope of bringing wallachia back into the christian camp .
... federal troops demonstrated the power of the back east [ mine ] owners , compelling some miners to work at gunpoint , others to build their own bull - pens , inventing the rustling card system so no man could hunt a job without the sheriff 's approval , and using governor steunenberg , whom the miners had helped elect as a populist , to oust the elected local authorities who might have some sympathy for the strikers .
the prussians ' attempted to oust polish or masovian forces from sudovia and kulmerland or chełmno land , which by now was partially conquered , devastated and almost totally depopulated .
the year after saw the birth in sudan of the national liberation front of chad ( frolinat ) , created to militarily oust tombalbaye and the southern dominance .
on january 17 , 2007 , the parliament voted to oust him due to his opposition of a peacekeeping force for somalia and his expressions of support and unauthorized meetings with the islamic courts union ( icu ) which acted against the transitional federal government ( tfg ) and his opposition to ethiopian intervention in the 2006–2007 somali war , with 183 votes against him , eight in favor and one abstention .
the south ossetian separatists threatened to oust sanakoyev ’s government by force .
his actions were permitted by the ottoman government in istanbul for a mixture of expediency - it was deemed better to have ali as a semi - ally than as an enemy - and weakness , as the central government did not have enough strength to oust him at that time .
it was noted in a lawsuit where dunkin ' donuts tried to oust the franchisee .
he was one of the men named by former deputy premier , datuk seri anwar ibrahim , as part of an alleged conspiracy to oust him .
john x , however , managed to reunite these princes in a league , in order to oust the saracens from their dangerous strongpoint .
criticism was levelled at gil by the major parties of spain ( psoe and people 's party ) but this did not convince enough voters to oust him and spanish celebrities continued to spend summers there .
galbraith flatly denied there was a plan to oust karzai .
his comments have led to numerous moves to oust him from membership of his own party , but he has hung on , as he has been seen to represent a movement of rural conservatives in western australia .
the part of the oust between rohan and redon has been made navigable for small ships , and forms part of the canal de nantes à brest .
islamic fundamentalism has also played a part in the youth culture , illustrated by the efforts of one brick lane gang to oust out the white prostitutes from the area .
each judge is the guardian of his own principles of " ordre public " ( public order ) and the parties can not , by their own act , oust the fundamental principles of the local municipal law which generally underpin areas such as labour law , insurance , competition regulation , agency rules , embargoes , import - export regulations , and securities exchange regulations .
it was assumed that this was a move to get a large part of the disbanding federalist party to vote for the bucktails ' candidate for governor in 1820 , to oust the incumbent governor dewitt clinton .
shea attempted to oust mccarthy in june 1991 , once more charging that mccarthy should step down immediately over the contract awarded to his son - in - law .
since the accession of chen shui - bian of the dpp to the presidency in 2000 , the blue - controlled legislature had struggled to oust him , making changes to the impeachment process early in his administration , and attempting to recall him several times .
due to the presence of a " third ticket , " kenny 's ticket was able to oust the hague / eggers ticket from power , ending hague 's 32-year rule .
the main theme , however , is jealousy as claude 's attempts to oust the intruder repeatedly fail due to the cat 's intense cowardice - a running gag has claude repeatedly shooting up and clinging to the ceiling after the pup playfully comes up behind him and barks .
as a young medical student in the late 1970s , téllez became a comandante in the popular revolt to oust the nicaraguan dictator , anastasio somoza debayle .
he was an outspoken supporter of the khilafat movement , and worked to bring the official khilafat body , the league and the congress party together on the issue against the mustafa kemal 's decision to oust the sultan of turkey , who was the caliph of islam , and to protest the recognition of turkey 's independence by the british empire .
he won the 2005 open oust nederland , beating co stompé in the final .
only after his death at the age of 17 his mother margaret managed to oust their rival , king albert , from sweden , and thus united the three scandinavian kingdoms in personal union under one crown , in the kalmar union .
in 1955 , it qualified for the playoffs , managing to oust the prestigious racing club de france in the first round , before going down to romans in the round of 16 .
this is seen as evidence of formal themes beginning to oust the transitory details of mundane life , celebrated in pagan portraiture .
after causing a major riot at the prison , during which her brother is shot dead , rita initiates a fire that leads to the mass transfer of prisoners to wentworth where craven joins forces with ferguson to oust reynolds once and for all .
they decide to implement a dictatorship , oust the king , and go about finding someone stupid enough to be a figurehead leader .
it came to pass that the debt owed to the king became a legal fiction , in that the debtor was not entitled to controvert this allegation in order to oust the exchequer from jurisdiction .
" while we reverse the trial court and remand for further proceedings , we point out that this does not necessarily defeat the effort by the board to oust the plaintiff .
the plateau , is the country of the war - like gakhar clan , later confirmed by the first mughal emperor babur ; " sultan sarang was now of age , and finding that he could not oust his cousin ( hati khan ) by force of arms , he procured his death by poison and became the clan chief in 1525 .
in 1925 he joined cardiff city where he managed to oust scottish international jimmy blair from the side .
in 2008 , dozens were indicted and arrested in the ergenekon investigation for conspiring to oust the justice and development party in 2009 .
on 20 march 1945 , the partisans launched their general offensive in a drive to completely oust the germans and the remaining collaborating forces .
in 1528 , the great admiral andrea doria allied with the emperor to oust the french and restore genoa 's independence , opening the prospect for financial renewal : 1528 marks the first loan from genoese banks to charles .
in late september , the government claimed to have thwarted yet another plot to oust ould taya .
this threatens to oust the highly specialised , moorland flora and fauna that only thrive in isolated spots .
the no - confidence motion received 60% support , just short of the 66% required to oust him , prompting eight of the directors to resign .
in it gogo urges grasulf to ally himself with the franks to oust the " infestantes " ( presumably the lombards ) from italy in league with the byzantine empire and the papacy .
“ " in 1941 the united states urged the panamanian police to oust president arias madrid , who was balking at granting washington ninety - nine - year leases on additional military bases and sites outside the canal zone " ” .
highly successful in fighting the german occupiers ( he took part in the battle of madeleine and in the attack of the prison in nîmes ) , at the end of the war , he returned to spain to work with resistance groups ( spanish maquis ) to oust dictator , francisco franco .
in an attempt to oust aubame from his legislative seat , m'ba appointed him president of the supreme court on 25 february .
in 946 , he allied with john iii of naples to oust gisulf i of salerno , son of guaimar .
against the advice of the church ’s attorney who argued such a move would violate the church ’s own bylaws , the church voted 334 - 202 to oust those who had attended an alternate service citing what they viewed as un - christian behavior such as making negative comments about the church and davis in the press , which had begun to attract considerable local media attention .
to achieve this , he convinced the recently returned josé miguel carrera to help him oust the superior junta .
bose arrived in tokyo on june 13 , 1943 , and declared his intent to make an assault against the eastern provinces of india in an attempt to oust the british from control of the subcontinent .
during the american aerial bombardment of afghanistan , when the united states struck at afghanistan 's taliban regime , regional and tribal leaders rose up to oust the taliban in khowst province and nangarhar province formed an alliance known as the eastern shura .
unable to oust walter robbins from the side , he later moved to bury , but failed to make their league side and joined torquay united in 1932 as a replacement for harry waller .
during the revolution , he belonged to the primera brigada ( " first brigade " ) which marched on ciudad juárez to oust porfirio díaz frm power .
zaman led a force of 4,000 men during the campaign to oust afghanistan 's soviet occupiers .
147 - 151 ) , in which the “ old ” communists allegedly tried to oust or at least control castro , grobart was necessarily involved .
in march 2000 , mong - koo made his boldest move : he tried to oust mong - hun as group co - chairman while the latter was on a trip to beijing and shanghai .
coalition formation between unrelated males to oust a more dominant male has been observed .
in this film they inspire mexican peasants to oust imperial french settlers .
batista feared that barquín would oust him and his followers , and when it became apparent that batista had little chance of winning , he staged a coup on march 10 , 1952 and held power with the backing of a nationalist section of the army as a " provisional president " for the next two years .
loxton ’s effort was enough to oust brown from his middle - order position for the third test at old trafford .
noli encountered resistance to his program from people who had helped him oust zogu , and he never attracted the foreign aid necessary to carry out his reform plans .
from ottawa , campaign veterans such as warren kinsella , derek kent and gordon ashworth signed on to help oust the ontario tories from power .
during his reign , he eliminated external military threats from the afghan descendants of sher shah ( an afghan who was able to temporarily oust humayun from 1540 - 1555 ) , and at the second battle of panipat defeated the hindu leader hemu .
although he defeated his rival , the result was indecisive as shashanka continued to rule much of his kingdom and it was only after his death that harsha was able to oust shashanka 's son , manava and bring bihar , kanauj and northern bengal under his rule ( bhaskaravarman was able to conquer the remainder of the shashanka 's kingdom ) .
these moves were successful and the moves to oust cranmer ceased .
recognizing barr 's precarious situation , the libertarian party seized on the opportunity to oust one of the federal drug war 's most vocal proponents ( barr ) , and ran criticizing barr 's opposition to medical marijuana during the republican primaries .
this more recent scholarship reviews ohio newspaper accounts of the 1880 campaign , and indicates ewing , running as a democrat , faced significant third party candidacies and was trying to oust republicans during a time of a good economy , always a difficult political task .
the deposed hittite king , mursili iii fled to egypt , the land of his country 's enemy , after the failure of his plots to oust his uncle from the throne .
ward amended the loan scheme in his final address in dunedin to raise the sixty million portion for settlers by issuing bonds " over the counter " like packets of tea , and said that united would vote with labour to oust the ( reform ) government .
he is said to have conspired with his brother ingenius to capture and oust their brother elidurus , locking him up in trinovantum .
in addition to the tension with the executive branch , aponte 's term has been tinged with greater - than - average tension with the senate , in which his support for rossello 's bid to oust senate president kenneth mcclintock , whom he has called a " traitor " to his party , took him to lead over 20 npp representatives to converge on the senate floor in opposition to mcclintock 's permanence as senate president , considered by many the all - time historical low - point in senate - house relations .
meanwhile , in the preceding three years , the sikhs had occupied the city of lahore , and ahmad shah had to return in 1751 to oust them .
the motion against tong sang was the first time that oscar temaru 's union for democracy and gaston flosse 's tahoera'a huiraatira party formed a de - facto alliance to oust a sitting french polynesian government .
a few months later , he helped oust founder richard thalheimer as ceo , who later also resigned as chairman .
after the shah fled the country an american cia operative and aided by the british mi6 organized a military coup d'état to oust his nationalist and democratically elected prime minister mohammad mossadegh .
simon de montford was executed in 1495 for contributing to the fund of perkin warbeck , who was plotting to oust king henry vii from the throne .
on december 22 , 2000 , weyerhaeuser announced that it had launched a proxy fight to oust four directors of willamette industries , in order to get the board to vote in its favor .
the no confidence motion received 60% support , just short of the 66% required to oust the president , and eight of his directors resigned .
instead , the documents show that american officials issued " repeated warnings that the united states will not support any extraconstitutional moves to oust chávez . "
mike burke , the american spymaster who set up a 1950 paramilitary project to oust the albanian marxist regime , said in 1986 that shehu was " one tough son of a bitch " , whose security forces gave u.s. agents " a tough time " .
however , due to a contentious primary , a nationwide movement to oust republicans , and strong organization by the mcnerney campaign , the race became increasingly competitive over the course of the campaign season .
having failed three times to oust haughey , most of his critics gave up and returned to normal politics .
polynices brings in an army to oust eteocles from his position , and a battle ensues .
dominic carman recounts how the british national party organiser ' " bomber lecomber " , the chief architect of griffin 's successful bid to oust tyndall as bnp chairman , joked with me about a home - made bomb of his which had been intended for the offices of the revolutionary communist party in wandsworth , london . '
influential magnate coalitions headed by carrick having undermined the king 's position , manipulated the council of november 1384 to effectively oust robert from any real power .
the conflict between both great powers took place in the neighborhood of nihriya in the tigris region , with the assyrians gaining a decisive victory that allowed assyria to annex the local nairi region into their empire and oust 40 native rulers who had resisted their advance into this territory .
