by the 1980s , however , the watchmen have been outlawed by congress after an outpouring of anti - vigilante sentiment in the country , and tensions between the united states and the soviet union have escalated the cold war with threats of nuclear attack .
however , attempts to jam rias were soon abandoned as it was found to be impossible to do so effectively without also disrupting reception within west germany - which was outlawed by treaty - and also ran the risk of counter - jamming of east german stations .
the practice has been outlawed in some places , including the city of washington , d.c. , where enforcement is strict and violators are ticketed .
russian national unity is an outlawed far right party responsible for several terrorist attacks , including murders on religious grounds , and the bombing of the us consulate in ekaterinburg .
though once commonly used all over much of the world without stigma , because of its iconic usage in nazi germany the symbol has become stigmatized in the western world , notably even outlawed in germany .
in the 2000s , the vast majority of states have outlawed the cultivation , consumption and trade of cannabis with penalties ranging from a small fine to jail time .
after attempts to catch puff - tors led to grisly ends of many members of the sport - fishing community , their presence was outlawed by the galactic council .
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation was outlawed in 2000 .
( 6.300–301 ) women were also the most noted participants in the cult of bacchus , which the roman senate outlawed in 186 bc for impropriety .
in the united states , the taft - hartley act of 1947 outlawed the closed shop , but permitted the union shop unless the state government chose to prohibit it .
this particular photoshoot was outlawed in the mid-1990 's for ' health and safety ' reasons , as the lady on the bottom of the pile - up / stack would often encounter breathing problems due to the weight of five or six other ladies on top of her ! !
the race track operated there for several years until parimutuel betting was outlawed .
during the alliance with the federation during the dominion war , romulan ale was briefly legalized , even though it was later outlawed again after the war , as stated by geordi laforge in " . "
in the united kingdom , declawing was outlawed by the animal welfare act 2006 , which explicitly prohibited " interference with the sensitive tissues or bone structure of the animal , otherwise than for the purposes of its medical treatment " .
a notable incident from this match was that hart bled during the match , which was controversial because wwf outlawed bleeding at the time .
trinidad outlawed the corporal punishment of minors ( both by courts and in schools ) in 2001 .
in this story robots are outlawed , as they are in dune .
these devices should be outlawed because they are conducive to promiscuity , because they promote loose morals and because they entice improper and potentially deadly behaviors . "
however , the vote tallying process was jeopardized when the opposition claimed that the addis ababa vote was rigged and during the evening of may 16 , the prime minister declared a state of emergency , outlawed any public gathering , assumed direct command of the security forces , and replaced the capital city police with federal police and special forces drawn from elite army units .
the law text does not name the individual symbols to be outlawed , and there is no official exhaustive list .
in turkey freemasonry was introduced by foreign merchants in the eighteenth century and was outlawed by mahmud i in 1748 , although it slowly came back and freemasons were exiled as part of a crackdown on the bektashis in 1826 .
on august 26 , 1991 the communist party was outlawed in ukraine .
a second group bearing this name was set up in 1970 by adriano tilgher , but this movement was outlawed by the italian government , who saw it as an attempt to refound the fascist party .
in china , the practice was outlawed by the communists in 1949 .
during american prohibition , the soda fountain to some extent replaced the outlawed alcohol establishments such as bars and saloons .
this has led to the practice being outlawed and made illegal throughout many countries , in some of which dogs are no longer bred for work , or used as working animals .
the edict outlawed hussitism and represented a temporary regression for the kingdom of poland , which had a long tradition of religious toleration .
though outlawed , this fishing technique is widely practiced throughout china .
probably the most famous case in the history of ldf was " brown v. board of education " , the landmark case in 1954 in which the united states supreme court explicitly outlawed " de jure " racial segregation of public education facilities .
in 2002 , china outlawed the use of physical force to make a woman submit to an abortion or sterilization , but it is not entirely enforced .
although polygamy had been outlawed , leavitt never abandoned his several families , according to historians .
lord mountgarret was taken prisoner and outlawed , with his estates forfeited .
it also outlawed discrimination against employees for union activities , prohibited " yellow dog " contracts ( employee agrees not to join a union while employed ) , and required both sides to maintain the status quo during any arbitration proceedings and for three months after an award was issued .
while he began , like the other members of the no name group , to paint in the post - impressionist style that was outlawed in china during the cultural revolution , his later work tends toward minimalism and abstraction .
temples were systematically destroyed and key ceremonies were outlawed or appropriated .
the anthem is first replaced by the short " animal farm ! " and later by " comrade napoleon " , while " beasts of england " is eventually outlawed .
in many parts of the world tobacco advertising and even sponsorship of sporting events has been outlawed .
in conjunction with this rule change , sebi outlawed all naked short selling .
in 1963 , california legislature passed and governor pat brown signed the rumford fair housing act which outlawed restrictive covenants and the refusal to rent or sell housing on the basis of race , ethnicity , gender , marital status , or physical disability .
foreign investment in the portuguese overseas was outlawed so that portugal would benefit directly .
the protective language law outlawed the public display of english , making french signs obligatory , regulations that would later be overturned in the course of court challenges .
the party was outlawed , and bashir es sadawi was deported .
this sort of sentiment and speech was outlawed in united states with the " espionage act " of june 15 , 1917 .
when the local catholic church refused to add the president ’s name to the sign of the cross , the us backed government outlawed catholicism and prescribed the death penalty for priests .
mazda was forced to turn to judd to replace their outlawed rotary engines , although the gv10s would be rebadged as mazda mv10s .
in 1838 , the concept of slavery was finally outlawed and about 80,000 slaves in barbados lost their former status .
war must be made outlawed and declared a crime , she said .
the african grove was a theater founded and operated by african americans in new york city in 1821 , a full six years before enslavement of blacks was outlawed in new york state .
after the 1934 racing season , the government of mexico outlawed gambling until 1938 by which time the track had already been replaced by the new santa anita park in arcadia , california , united states , as the choice of owners to run their horses
" fight for your life " was denied a british theatrical release in 1981 , but a video release the following year allowed the public brief access to the film before it wound up on the video nasties list and was outlawed .
in 1991 , bares authored a controversial measure which would have outlawed most abortions in louisiana .
with the birth of the caliphate , bori practices were suppressed , and later outlawed by the british .
the pilot and sole occupant , john cabal , emerges and proclaims that the last surviving band of " engineers and mechanics " have formed an organization known as " wings over the world " . they are building a civilization , based in basra , iraq , that has renounced war and outlawed independent nation - states .
if a tenant was outlawed or convicted of a felony the king could exercise the ancient right of wasting the criminal 's land for a year and a day .
it follows the story of tamesan who lives in a land where wizards have been outlawed .
however , they caused such terrible damage when used in combat that use of the titans was soon outlawed : the project was abandoned and the machines were sealed deep underground .
in the uk , such systems have been formally outlawed under truck acts .
in addition , the rulers outlawed practices the british viewed as barbaric , such as sacrificing a chief 's wives upon his death .
republican governor william woods holden outlawed lowrie and his men in 1869 , offering a $ 12,000 reward for their capture : dead or alive .
football continued to be outlawed in english cities , for example the manchester lete roll contains a resolution , dated 12 october 1608 : " that whereas there hath been heretofore great disorder in our towne of manchester , and the inhabitants thereof greatly wronged and charged with makinge and amendinge of their glasse windows broken yearlye and spoyled by a companye of lewd and disordered psons vsing that unlawfull exercise of playinge with the ffote - ball in ye streets of ye sd toune breakinge many men 's windowes and glasse at their plesures and other great enormyties .
monastic vows and orders were outlawed in article 5 .
he likens the ban on marijuana use to the failed prohibition policy , which outlawed alcohol .
at the same time , the iranian government outlawed all political parties , except the islamic republic party .
murad iv , who had outlawed alcohol , died in istanbul at the age of 27 from cirrhosis of the liver in 1640 .
in 1859 , " reisläuferei " ( mercenary service ) was outlawed , with the exception of the vatican guard .
at the beginning of 1944 the vichy government would lose power meaning that the sport of rugby league was no longer outlawed in france and robert ended his playing days of rugby union and decided to sign with his local club in rugby league as carcassonne .
at a time when the far right in germany was distancing itself from mainstream nazism the vsbd / pda took the lead by supporting the more socialist - leaning version of nazism strasserism . outlawed in 1982 ,
later on october 27 , 1903 , the word " new " was dropped from the name , because the washington state legislature outlawed the word " new " from city names , making it into simply " whatcom " .
the norwegian king appointed him the ruler of these islands , but he failed to pay tribute to harald fairhair and was outlawed .
james concluded a peace with spain and privateering was outlawed .
on 20 july 1999 , the chinese government declared the research society of falun dafa and the falun gong organization under its control to be outlawed for having been " engaged in illegal activities , advocating superstition and spreading fallacies , hoodwinking people , inciting and creating disturbances , and jeopardizing social stability . "
while completely outlawed or regulated in some places , it is permitted in others .
this act outlawed all chinese immigration to the united states and denied citizenship to those already settled in the country .
in the early western han , imperial relatives and some military officers who had served emperor gaozu were made kings who ruled over large semi - autonomous fiefs , but once the non - related kings had died off , an imperial edict outlawed all non - liu family members from becoming kings .
the statute outlawed all usury and gave jews fifteen years to readjust .
according to the official website , " achewood " was an ingredient used by slaves during the united states of america antebellum in the production of " achewater " , a now outlawed southern drink with psychedelic properties , similar to the use of wormwood in the production of absinthe .
the second outlawed any attempts to monopolize trade within the united states .
the plant was outlawed in connecticut in 1650 , but in the 1800s as cigar smoking began to be popular , tobacco farming became a major industry , employing farmers , laborers , local youths , southern african americans , and migrant workers .
as president , quadros outlawed gambling , banned women from wearing bikinis on the beach , and established relations with the soviet union and cuba ( for getting into a neutral international policy ) .
bhimkanta buragohain ( aliases mama , sir ) , also called the father of ulfa , is the political advisor and ideologue of the outlawed outfit ulfa in assam he is also one of the founder leaders of the outfit .
this was meant as a protest against the perception that the uk government outlawed sex and marriage between sufferers of down 's syndrome .
in march 2006 , the spanish government outlawed the use of alternative wine closures in 11 of spain 's wine producing regions as part of their ( " denominacion de origen " ) d.o. regulations .
the sentence was commuted to life imprisonment when capital punishment was outlawed in 1995 .
another notable reform was that the turban was officially outlawed for the first time during abdülmecid 's reign , in favour of the fez .
greek courts have also outlawed the use of the word ' turkish ' to describe the turkish community .
a practice later outlawed in the nfl .
after the carrot came the stick : in april 1932 another party ruling outlawed all independent artistic unions ; they were replaced with state - controlled union of soviet architects ( july 1932 ) and academy of architecture ( 1933 ) .
6 . they may not commit treason , nor be outlawed , nor excommunicate , for they have no souls , neither can they appear in person , but by attorney33 h. 8 .
cayne converses with henderson about 47 's activities over the past few years , in a fashion that suggests that henderson is being told this so cloning can be outlawed for the good of national security , when in reality it is a cover for cayne 's true intentions to engineer clones free of any possible competition .
in 1795 , by imperial decree , masonic activity was outlawed in the habsburg empire , including transylvania .
only in the republic of ireland were condoms effectively outlawed .
dashnaksutyun , which was outlawed by ter - petrosian in 1995 - 96 but legalized again after ter - petrosian resigned , also usually supports the government .
the cabinet committee on security also decided to re - impose a ban on the outlawed ulfa , hynniewtrep national liberation council ( hnlc ) , however it spared the anvc .
the practice became famous during the 19th century when it was opposed and outlawed by the united states government , resulting in an intense legal conflict , culminating in lds church president wilford woodruff issuing an 1890 manifesto discontinuing new official plural marriages in lds temples .
he refused to answer and was outlawed .
in places and time periods where christians were persecuted or christianity was outlawed , instances of crypto - christianity have surfaced .
the castle was owned by the seneschal of kilkenny sir gilbert de bohun who inherited the county of kilkenny and castle from his mother in 1270 , in 1300 he was outlawed by edward i but was reinstated in 1303 , he held the castle until his death in 1381 .
" if elections were meaningful they would have been outlawed a long time ago ... but i keep voting ! "
the corporation of london outlawed both play - acting and bear - baiting at the start of the english civil war in 1642 .
ulmanis , in fact , had outlawed the fascist party and imprisoned its leader , gustavs celmiņš .
he renamed it " sherwood forest " to signify that he had been " outlawed " by the whig party .
the council of paderborn in 785 explicitly outlawed the very belief in witches , and charlemagne later confirmed the law .
outlawed after the end of the weimar republic and the reichstag fire in 1933 , it was illegally distributed during the nazi dictatorship by underground groups close to the communist party until 1942 .
zanthu , the high priest of ythogtha , plots to depose the cult of ghatanothoa after his priests outlawed all other religions in mu .
in return , the boers promised that slavery would be outlawed in the transvaal and that they would not interfere in the orange river sovereignty 's affairs .
when france outlawed communism during the same year , giáp fled to china together with phạm văn đồng where he joined up with hồ chí minh , the leader of the vietnam independence league ( việt minh ) .
soccer australia decided measures had to be taken , and outlawed ethnic affiliations for football clubs .
they also made a short appearance in issue 6 where instead of going after the outlawed superlopez , they argue then fight each other .
he was eventually outlawed because of the men he had killed .
this seven man scrum was very popular in new zealand until being outlawed in 1932 .
the party was outlawed in 1937 but was reconstituted in 1939 as the arrow cross party , and was said to be modeled fairly explicitly on the nazi party of germany , although szálasi often and harshly criticized the nazi regime of germany .
freedom of speech and press were declared , and arbitrary arrests outlawed .
flankers may also , though this is more historic usage , be referred to as " wing - forwards " ( also an archaic term for an obsolete position associated with the 2 - 3 - 2 scrum that was outlawed in the 1930s ) , or together with the no 8 as " loose - forwards " , or even " loosies " , since they can quickly detach from scrums .
additionally , the act outlawed yellow - dog contracts , which were documents some employers forced their employees to sign to ensure they would not join a union ; employees who refused to sign were terminated from their jobs .
however , the korean language was banned from schools in 1938 as part of a policy of cultural assimilation , and all korean - language publications were outlawed in 1941 .
these meetings were later outlawed by the knesset .
with the advent of the dictatorship of 1967 , the party was outlawed by the regime and its members were persecuted .
fully automatic weapons are either explicitly or effectively outlawed in most european countries , including russia .
the multi - volume work disputed the notion that schneerson was the jewish messiah , and was outlawed within the chabad community following its publication in 1995.he founded and curates the living torah museum in brooklyn , new york .
sultan said bin taimur , the absolute ruler , had outlawed almost all aspects of twentieth - century development and relied on british support to maintain the rudimentary functions of the state .
the ruling class , the remains of the original crew – the ' gods ' – use their machine , which the doctor insists has long been outlawed as an abomination – to transfer their minds periodically into their clones , giving them practical immortality .
this was soon outlawed , but the practice persists .
lafayette left his command and returned to paris on 28 june , where he asked the assembly for the radical parties to be outlawed , the national guard to defend the monarchy , and for the constitution to be upheld .
segregation is generally outlawed , but may exist through social norms .
the characters that form the abbreviation of westland new post , " w.n.p. " , each are the next character in the alphabet to " v " , " m " , and " o " , that form the abbreviation of the vlaamse militanten orde , another belgian far right group , that was on trial ( and was later outlawed ) as a private militia at the time when the westland new post was established .
while the northern states had outlawed slavery in their territory in the late 18th and early 19th century their industrial economies relied on the raw materials produced by slave labor .
large numbers of priests refused to take an oath of compliance to the national assembly , leading to the catholic church being outlawed and replaced by a new religion of the worship of " reason " along with a new french republican calendar .
however , in 1959 mao zedong disbanded all teams and outlawed baseball .
the act in absolute restraint of annates outlawed all annates to rome , and also ordered that if cathedrals refused the king 's nomination for bishop , they would be liable to punishment by praemunire .
he also built up ties with the now outlawed sa groups , which could now only operate under cover .
using the hawaiian language as a medium of education was outlawed in 1896 , and legal constraints against its use were maintained by territorial and u.s. state governments until 1986 .
a remix cd called " outrageous , outlawed , outspoken " was released by m&a in 1998 : during the same year , the band announced that they would be splitting up .
following the defeat of the government , to which the communists were allied , in the costa rican civil war of 1949 , the communist party was outlawed and dobles spent some time in prison .
in 1947 india attained independence ; a few months later the communist party of india was outlawed and sen was jailed in 1948 .
from the early 20th century brewing was industrialized and home brewing outlawed .
sodium hydroxide used in this manner replaced many solvent based systems in the early 1990s when triclor was outlawed .
in 1905 , california 's anti - miscegenation law outlawed marriages between caucasians and " mongolians " ( an umbrella term which , at the time , was used in reference to the japanese , among other ethnicities of east asian ancestry ) .
after the landmark supreme court decision in " atkins v. virginia " ( 2002 ) , which outlawed the execution of persons deemed mentally retarded , clark moved his sentence should be commuted to life imprisonment without possibility of parole .
outlawed at once under the peace preservation law , the jcp was subjected to repression and persecution by the military and police .
italy has outlawed the euthanasia of healthy companion animals since 1991 and controls stray populations through trap , neuter and return programs .
linz schutzbund commander richard bernaschek was the first to actively resist , sparking off armed conflict between a conglomeration of the heimwehr , the police , the gendarmerie , and the regular federal army against the outlawed , but still existent , socialist schutzbund .
worship of talos is outlawed in many countries .
although the sparsely populated forest area is considered to be stronghold of the outlawed naxal communist insurgents , the national security advisor of india ruled out the possibility of the naxals bringing down the helicopter .
after having been outlawed in 2003 , batasuna 's core support revamped yet again by co - opting the so far marginal parties ehak and acción nacionalista vasca ( anv ) .
his report spurred erik the red , an outlawed chieftain , to establish a settlement there in 985 .
he was taken prisoner at the battle of aughrim in 1691 and outlawed .
the communist party was thus outlawed , and ceauşescu 's most unpopular measures , such as bans on abortion and contraception , were rolled back .
it abolished the authority of manorial courts , outlawed pigeon houses , eliminated and altered tithes ( set taxes ) , and freed those who were enslaved .
ardincaple was also to answer for not " rising ye fray " and pursuing the outlawed clan in the lennox .
the repression and aggression of kemalist secularism followed and all public manifestations of kurdish identity was outlawed which , in turn , prepared kurds for more rebellion .
laughlin also supported the passage of virginia 's racial integrity act , which outlawed miscegenation .
after japan outlawed many korean martial arts , they introduced japanese martial arts such as judo and kendo to schools .
however , during the terror , churches were outlawed and the strasbourg cathedral was known as the " temple de l'être suprême " ( temple of the supreme being ) .
joining them are between 20 and " seven score " ( 140 ) outlawed yeomen .
this triggered a series of anti - communist demonstrations in bucharest and the resurrection of traditional parties that were once the main parties in romania before being outlawed .
the full bodied and high alcohol in most spanish wines made them favoured blending partners for the " weaker " wines from the cooler climate regions of france and germany though there were laws that explicitly outlawed this practice .
the primary concerns of the new government were : to resolve the conflict with colombia ( peace was negotiated in may 1934 ) ; and to assuage internal political agitation ( tauro , vol 1 , p. 266 ; orrego , p. 894 ) for which purpose , benavides outlawed the alianza popular revolucionaria americana ( apra ) , arguing that it was an international party , prohibited by the peruvian constitution , and repressed the communist party for the same reason .
in order to avert his host becoming entangled in a blood feud , gerald departs on his own - which leads to his being outlawed and hunted down .
all church organizations were disbanded , and , germany outlawed : all baptisms for persons under 21 years , religious education , confessions in polish language , male and females religious orders , schools , church charities , church collections , catholic cemeteries and sunday school .
in the aftermath of the goldstein attack and kach statements praising it , kach was outlawed in israel .
following the end of world war ii , swords were outlawed in japan for a period of about seven years .
it should be noted however , that despite the veto of president wilson , congress and the senate still passed the national prohibition act which effectively outlawed the sale , manufacture , and transportation of alcohol .
until the late 1930s , hollywood was wide open to gambling and prostitution , but when california outlawed these activities , compulsive gamblers like wilkerson were forced to travel out of state in search of legal gambling .
it was proposed that all parties that supported the overthrow of the democratic process be outlawed , under the so - called ' muzzle law ' ( ) .
the subsequent regional tour of college campuses and art festivals was called " voëlvry " ( literally " free as a bird " but here meaning " outlawed " ) , and rabie 's controversial reinvention of afrikaans popular music became known as the " voëlvry movement " .
the dutch colony of the new netherlands had also established the dutch reformed church and outlawed all other worship , although enforcement by the dutch west india company in the last years of the colony was sparse .
after the practice of child sacrifice was outlawed by king josiah , the valley became a refuse site where animal carcasses , waste and the bodies of criminals were dumped , with fires permanently burning to keep disease at bay .
in the early thirteenth century , frederick i outlawed the " jus " in the kingdom of sicily , and by 1270 the custom had gone completely out of fashion in the mediterranean when charles i , a frenchman by upbringing , invoked the " jus naufragii " in sicily , against the eighth crusaders .
thomas ' brother james , outlawed for an attack on his father , spent some years as a pirate in the northern islands , escaped by volunteering for military service in the low countries and was drawn and quartered there for insubordination .
the dutch governor peter stuyvesant had outlawed this activity , banning the practice of all religious activity outside of the dutch reformed church .
14–15 july rigged " parliamentary elections " were held where all but pro - communist candidates were outlawed .
in 1941 , tobacco smoking in trams was outlawed in sixty german cities .
sexual discrimination was outlawed in the united states through the civil rights act of 1964 in the hopes of allowing women to rise in the working world once proper experience has been achieved .
in early 2008 they self - released their debut ep titled " if guns are outlawed ,
up until 2009 when it outlawed all prostitution , rhode island was the only u.s. state to allow male sex workers to work legally .
in discussing this era , the term " roman catholicism " is , perhaps , an anachronism , but this was the era in which roman catholicism became an identifiable stream within christianity and in which christianity first began to transform from an outlawed religion to one with links to political authorities .
although the practice was outlawed in ghana in 1998 , it continued , due to fear and the reluctance of the government to interfere with traditional practices .
d. outlawed " trade union labour only contracts " .
about 3200 mormons arrived from utah , where their practice of polygamy had been outlawed .
in its aftermath , and in the context of the cold war , kke was outlawed , and eam / elas vilified as an attempt at " communist take - over " and accused for various crimes against political rivals .
although child marriage was outlawed in 1860 , it is still a common practice .
allende abandoned the party and united the socialist party of chile , which , as a group with the communist party ( outlawed ) , raised the candidacy of allende for the front of the people .
the tulsa public schools district was slow to react to the u.s. supreme court ruling that " de jure " racial segregation was unconstitutional in the " brown v. board of education " decision in 1954 , and the civil rights act of 1964 , which outlawed all racial segregation in the united states .
other historical rights : of pannage - feeding pigs on mast ( acorns or other nuts ) , and turbary - the cutting of turf for fuel , have been lost ; the former died out by 1500 while the latter was outlawed in the 19th century because of the damage it was causing to the forest floor .
the 1948 u.s. supreme court decision , which outlawed the practice of block booking and the above - mentioned ownership and operation of theater chains by the major film studios ( as it constituted anti - competitive and monopolistic trade practices ) was seen as a major blow to the studio system , clearing the way for a growing number of independent producers ( some of them the actors themselves ) and studios to produce their film product free of major studio interference .
( the revolutionaries outlawed female solo singing , though women were free to continue to play musical instruments and to sing in choruses . )
in 325 the first council of nicaea , which attempted to unify the early church , finally outlawed quartodecimanism .
the norris - laguardia act of 1932 outlawed the issuance of injunctions in labor disputes by federal courts .
pasban - e - islam ( or pasban - i - islam ) is an outlawed pakistani shi'a extremist group .
however , alarmed at increasing christian growth , he cut off contact from japan to europe and china and outlawed christianity .
with passage of the 13th amendment to the constitution of the united states ( which outlawed slavery ) , the 14th amendment ( which granted full u.s. citizenship to african americans ) and the 15th amendment ( which extended the right to vote to african american males ) , african americans in the south were made free citizens and were given the right to vote .
indeed , amphetamine itself was sold commercially as an appetite suppressant until it was outlawed in most parts of the world in the late 1950s due to increased recreational use .
this use has now been outlawed in several countries , including the united states , australia and the european union .
at that time the socialist party was rebuilding its infrastructure in the province of león after having been outlawed following the spanish civil war .
following a global trend , argentine armed forces have outlawed beards since the 1920s .
the term ' war canoe ' is derived from large indigenous peoples ' canoes intended for war , and war canoeing was in fact a popular sport in vancouver , british columbia before large gatherings of indigenous people were outlawed in 1922 .
prohibition of marriage between certain degrees of kindred outlawed what is known as incest ; prohibition between degrees of relationship by marriage ( affinity ) as opposed to blood ( consanguinity ) seems to have reflected an analogous taboo .
on french soil she was helped by the communists who sheltered her in paris under the surveillance of the police ( the communist party would be outlawed by the government of edouard daladier on september 26 ) .
in the 20th century , most u.s. states outlawed the keeping of wild animals as part of their efforts to stem the spread of rabies .
he then goes on to recommend that jewish synagogues and schools be burned , their homes razed and destroyed , their writings confiscated , their rabbis forbidden to teach , their travel restricted , that lending money be outlawed for them , and that they be forced to earn their wages in farming .
like other workers ' and faith - based clubs , " tuspo " was outlawed by the nazis as politically undesireable in 1933 .
the original would have mandated uniform standards of size and weight for comparison shopping , but the final law only outlawed exaggerated size claims .
based on this understanding of the use of children as labourers , it is now considered by wealthy countries to be a human rights violation , and is outlawed , while some poorer countries may allow or tolerate child labour .
the sherman antitrust act of 1890 outlawed all contracts , combinations and conspiracies that unreasonably restrain interstate and foreign trade .
in the uk , the medical divide between cam and conventional medicine has been characterised by conflict , intolerance and prejudice on both sides and during the early twentieth century cam was virtually outlawed in britain : healers were seen as freaks and hypnotherapists were subject to repeated attempts at legal restriction .
in january 2009 , he introduced a bill ( sb 233 ) intended to ban " beer pong " , and would have " outlawed any games that award drinks as prizes in city taverns " .
" corporal punishment in school " is still legal in some parts of the world , including 20 of the states of the usa , but has been outlawed in other places , including canada , japan , south africa , new zealand , and nearly all of europe except the czech republic and france .
frederick of isenberg was outlawed and excommunicated .
subsequently tito was appointed secretary - general of the still - outlawed cpy .
in 1055 ælfgar was outlawed and driven into exile , but within the year he had regained his former position .
during the middle ages , the english government outlawed all general warrants .
in niger , where the practice of slavery was outlawed in 2003 , a study found that almost 8% of the population are still enslaved .
the communist party of greece ( kke ) was outlawed and many communists had to either flee the country or face persecution .
the government of malaysia in 2007 outlawed usage of the term " allah " in any other but muslim contexts , but the high court in 2009 revoked the law , ruling that it was unconstitutional .
other developing countries have outlawed it in the 2000s .
he outlawed the trading of land , and imposed controls on merchants .
next , he outlawed the kuomintang and expelled them from the assembly .
in addition to the abolition of the caliphate , new laws mandated abolition of the office of seyhülislam ; abolition of the religious hierarchy ; the closing and confiscation of sufi lodges , meeting places , and monasteries and the outlawing of their rituals and meetings ; establishment of government control over the vakıfs , which had been inalienable under sharia ; replacement of sharia with adapted european legal codes ; the closing of religious schools ; abandonment of the islamic calendar in favor of the gregorian calendar used in the west ; restrictions on public attire that had religious associations , with the fez outlawed for men and the veil discouraged for women ; and the outlawing of the traditional garb of local religious leaders .
it is also considered a crisis for the jewish faith when a particular requirement within jewish law is in danger of being outlawed by a government or other power .
due to increasing stresses being placed upon k*bots , all varieties of brakes were outlawed from 2006 onwards in an attempt to protect the k'nex motors from damage .
in 1833 britain outlawed slavery throughout its empire after a successful campaign by abolitionists , and britain had a great deal of success attempting to get other powers to outlaw the practice as well .
the society was finally outlawed in december 1940 .
the nazi party including the sa was outlawed by the german government following the putsch .
he wrote magazine articles about boxing , which at that time was conducted under the london prize ring rules , and was outlawed in england .
it was eventually outlawed in england due to the innocent people it shot .
" de blob " , known as " blob : colorful na kibou " in japan , is a platform - puzzle video game that allows players to explore and liberate an alien city from the evil , monochromatic inkt corporation that has taken over the city and outlawed all colour and fun from daily life .
steve biko had been involved in clandestine contacts with two outlawed liberation movements , the african national congress ( anc ) and the pan africanist congress of azania ( pac ) .
when actors refused to participate in the play , the national assembly and other political organizations intervened , defying the chapelier law , which outlawed government intervention in theatre .
however , since black women were outlawed from marrying white men , black women were denied access to sharing the prosperities of white male property .
ironically , the flying wedge formation was outlawed in college football in 1894 because it was highly dangerous .
his vision deliberately echoed the pirate radio broadcasters that would be outlawed by the marine broadcast offences act in august 1967 .
the newly - named jérome became the official supplier of paper and printing material to the party 's illegal press ( outlawed after the pcf had outraged public opinion and authorities by condoning the molotov - ribbentrop pact ) .
the festival aims to showcase azerbaijan 's long - running attachment to the american - born art form , a connection first established in the country during the 1950s and 1960s , a time when jazz was outlawed by soviet authorities .
the main parties running were the national democratic party ( 109 candidates ) and the outlawed muslim brotherhood ( whose 19 candidates were standing as independents , president mubarak having had failed in an attempt to disqualify 17 of them ) .
construction of such weirs was outlawed under the terms of magna carta
in the aftermath of the august 2008 atrocities perpetrated by a group of the milf who were eventually outlawed , its units featured significantly in the restoration of stability in lanao del norte .
despite being outlawed , the brotherhood has been able to take advantage of political and social developments in egypt to increase its membership and influence .
the company store system , in which miners were forced to purchase all their supplies and household needs from the mining company , was outlawed in maryland in 1868 .
in many schools around the world snowball fights are outlawed .
having seen the pathology that occurs from foie gras production , i strongly recommend that this practice be outlawed . "
in 1922 , he came into the conflict with the renovated ( obnovlentsy ) supreme ecclesiastical administration , outlawed this institution in his epistle to the petrograd congregation , and excommunicated the members of the board and their associates .
in hong kong , dog meat is euphemistically called " fragrant meat " because the consumption of dog meats is outlawed .
he was the international face of the separatist group led by velupillai prabhakaran and outlawed as a terrorist organisation by some countries .
in 1966 , a bronco " funny car " built by doug nash for the quarter mile dragstrip ran " erratic " with a few low 8-second times , but sidelined by sanctioning organizations when pickups and aluminum frames were outlawed .
once rohan became prince he outlawed the slaying of dragons , but the warrior spirit of the desertborn lived on in him and in the desert people .
on october 13 , minnesota ratified its constitution which outlawed slavery .
psionics , though known , are feared by most and have been outlawed and brutally repressed .
in his official capacity , sadoveanu even signed several death sentences declared by communist tribunals , and , in the wake of the tămădău affair of summer 1947 , presided over the chamber sessions which outlawed the opposition national peasants ' party : according to researcher victor frunză , he was a willing participant in this , having been upset by the exposure of his personal wealth in the national peasantist press .
in 1999 , governor whitman vetoed a bill that outlawed partial birth abortion ; the veto was overridden , but the statute was later declared unconstitutional by the courts .
the family coat of arms was publicly debased , their estates forfeited and the title of gowrie was outlawed .
many people were outlawed or placed under house arrest .
block booking was the prevailing practice among hollywood 's major studios from the turn of the 1930s until it was outlawed by the u.s. supreme court 's decision in " united states v. paramount pictures , inc. " ( 1948 ) .
in former times , regulations called for the accompanying black leather shoes to be worn with gold buckles , though this feature was outlawed by paul vi .
tandia and peekay develop a romantic relationship , in a country where mixed relationships are outlawed .
" the victorious coode and his puritans set up a new government that outlawed both catholicism and anglicanism , and darnall was deprived of all his official positions .
