in the early stages of strike - slip fault formation displacement within basement rocks produces characteristic fault structures within the overlying cover .
there are patches of drift overlying the clay and some river terrace gravels and alluvium in the river valleys .
human artifacts were found in the bone bed and in the overlying clay .
pipes are typically filled with down - dropped coarse fragments of limestone and overlying sediments and can be from to wide and up to deep .
this weakness leads to symmetrical detachment folds and allows deformation even when the overlying sediments are thin .
canadian geologist bill mathews proposed in 1951 that the table formed when magma intruded into and melted a vertical pipe in the overlying cordilleran ice sheet .
the soils formed from the marcellus and the overlying hamilton shales are deep , free of stones , and well suited for agriculture .
the farewell rock was formerly considered to be the uppermost unit of the millstone grit series of south wales though it is now included within the overlying south wales coal measures."main article : " marros group
the ascutney pluton is about 8 km x 4 km in map area and intrudes precambrian basement gneisses of the chester dome and overlying paleozoic metasedimentary rocks .
the top of the unit , which consists of calcareous sandstones , shows a relatively sharp transition to the dark shales and siltstones of the overlying dunlin group .
clay cutans form by the coating of ancient open spaces by colloidal materials that were elluviated down from overlying horizons - and are commonly stained by iron oxides such as hematite .
the devastation continued on the brick body of the stupa which is understood by the brickbat debris uniformly overlying the fragments of the balustrade .
the direction of the channel is defined primarily by the overlying ice thickness and secondarily by the gradient of the underlying earth , and may be observed to “
this bed is just below rocks of the overlying javelina formation .
the february 13 earthquake was a strong , shallow intraplate earthquake , occurring within the crust of the overlying caribbean plate .
by pushing upward and piercing overlying rock layers , diapirs can form anticlines , salt domes and other structures capable of trapping petroleum and natural gas .
in this defect , the involved area is represented by a flattened , plate - like mass of nervous tissue with no overlying membrane .
the portion of the pleat that protrudes under the overlying pleat is the size or width .
during the appalachian orogeny , these layers folded up with the underlying and overlying layers into the nittany arch .
today , lagophthalmos is most likely to arise after an inexperienced or unwise cosmetic / plastic surgeon performs an overenthusiastic upper blepharoplasty , which is an operation performed to remove excessive skin overlying the upper eyelid ( suprapalpebral hooding ) that often occurs with aging .
overlying the northwestern rim is a smaller , cup - shaped impact crater with a higher albedo than resnik .
it is a stratovolcano overlying an older shield structure , no more than 50,000 years old , which last erupted about 2000 years ago .
together with indian physicist subrahmanyan chandrasekhar ( 1910 - 1995 ) , schenberg discovered and published in 1942 the so - called schönberg - chandrasekhar limit , which is the maximum mass of the core of a star that can support the overlying layers against gravitational collapse , once the core hydrogen is exhausted .
due to divergent movement , the lithosphere is stretched and thinned , so that the hot asthenosphere will rise and heat the overlying rift basin .
it is not marked by any overlying craters of note .
these phases are typically formed in an aphanitic equigranular granoblastic massive sulfide phase , or as matrix ore or disseminated sulfides held within the overlying silicate rock matrix .
the largest of the impacts overlying this crater is a small crater along the bottom edge of the northern inner wall .
kapoho , hawaii was a town in puna district , hawaii county , hawaii , located near the eastern tip of the island of hawaii , in the easternmost end of the graben overlying kīlauea 's east rift zone .
they were created by uplift - associated pressure release and by the unloading of overlying rock via erosion .
inliers are typically formed by the erosion of overlying younger rocks to reveal a limited exposure of the older underlying rocks .
the bone overlying the acoustic nerve is removed , allowing the tumour to expand upward into the middle cranial fossa .
the barbules on these feathers , friction barbules , are specialized with large lobular barbicels that help grip and prevent slippage of overlying feathers and are present in most of the flying birds .
the lower five metres of the qomolangma formation overlying this detachment are very highly deformed ..
there are many varieties including bedded cherts that formed in the lake and intrusive dike - like bodies that penetrated through overlying sediments while the silica was soft .
its dynamics is governed by turbulent mixing as well as ekman pumping , exchanges with the overlying atmosphere , and horizontal advection
b3 horizons are transitional between the overlying b layers and the material beneath it , whether c or d horizon .
the soil is mainly light , overlying gravel beds , and gravel extraction is one of the local industries .
these inhibitory signals inhibit bmp-4 and as a result cause the overlying cells of the ectoderm to develop into neural cells .
granite batholiths , overlying sedimentary rock , and volcanic rock were crumpled into the massif of southwestern oregon and northwestern california .
the deltoid fascia is a fibrous membrane overlying the deltoid muscle of the shoulder .
the supercritical water , which is hot and more buoyant than the surrounding rock , rises into the overlying mantle where it lowers the melting temperature of the mantle rock to the point of actual melting , generating magma .
with age , the overlying axons become atrophied and the drusen become exposed and more visible .
the name derives from the overlying occipital bone , which is named from the latin oc- + caput , " back of the head " .
the oligocene - miocene sands accumulated in alluvial , lacustrine , and nearshore marine environments . overlying the oligocene - miocene sands
the fort is situated above a steep gorge carved by the river from the deep glacial till overlying the area .
if the roof of these voids becomes too weak , it can collapse and the overlying rock and earth will fall into the space , causing subsidence at the surface .
overlying the central mountains in a panoramic position , nuoro is a typical sardinian town ..
the overlying skin is freely movable , and contracture of the toes does not occur in the initial stages .
folisols consist mainly of thick deposits of forest litter overlying bedrock , fractured bedrock or unconsolidated material .
the electromagnetic forces keeping separate nuclei apart are gone ( proportionally , if nuclei were the size of dust mites , atoms would be as large as football stadiums ) , and most of the core of the star becomes a dense ball of contiguous neutrons ( in some ways like a giant atomic nucleus ) , with a thin overlying layer of degenerate matter ( chiefly iron unless matter of different composition is added later ) .
it is in contact with the costal pleura , and presents , in specimens which have been hardened in situ , slight grooves corresponding with the overlying ribs .
preservation of most specimens was made possible by the fast sedimentation that quickly cut the organism off from seawater ; it may also have been enhanced by the decay products of the rotting organism , which could have helped the overlying sediment to mineralise and harden .
the country rock at the mine is metamorphosed killas and greenstone overlying the carn brea granite .
portions of the hills overlying the oil field have subsided up to eight feet in the central region of operations , and subsidence occurs field - wide at a rate of about nine inches per year .
in 1836 he became attached to the geological survey of the state of new york , and after lengthened study he grouped the local strata ( 1842 ) into the taconic and overlying new york systems .
there are two main volcanic sequences on the belcher islands called the eskimo and overlying flaherty volcanics .
a significant case of subcutaneous emphysema is easy to detect by touching the overlying skin ; it feels like tissue paper or rice krispies .
the joli fou formation was previously referred to as the pelican shale , but renamed in 1949 to avoid confusion with the overlying pelican sandstone beds .
for stars with ten or more solar masses , this process can lead to an increasingly dense core that finally collapses , ejecting the star 's overlying layers in a type ii supernova explosion , type ib supernova or type ic supernova .
gurney slade quarry exhibits pale to very dark grey carboniferous limestone overlain by red and purple - coloured triassic breccias and marls with a small faulted block of overlying lower jurassic breccias forming an angular unconformity with the carboniferous limestone .
" undichna " is a fish - fin , or fish - swimming fossil trail left as a fossil impression on a substrate , or the opposite impression on an overlying substrate ; this type of fossil is an ichnofossil , in this case a specific ichnogenus , " undichna " ; the term " undichna " is composed of the words : ' und'–'ichna ' , for " wave - trace " .
the rim of this crater is nearly circular with no overlying craters of note , although a small crater abuts against the northeastern side and another along the southern inner wall .
its overlying water and associated flora , fauna , historical and cultural features , which
in most situations , water temperatures of at least are needed down to a depth of at least ; waters of this temperature cause the overlying atmosphere to be unstable enough to sustain convection and thunderstorms .
crown closure , also known as canopy cover , crown cover , or canopy closure , is defined as the percent of canopy overlying the forest floor .
they are found in areas where the overlying monterey formation , which tumbled down the temblors during the pleistocene , eroded away , exposing the oil - bearing strata .
isostatic compensation and gravity anomalies result from balance between mass excess of the extra mantle beneath the thinned lithosphere and the overlying low - density crust .
this comprises lower coal measures overlying millstone grit , both of which are classified as minor aquifers which will only hold relatively small amounts of water .
there seems to be some disagreement on where to place the boundary between basement rocks and overlying rocks , and the decision seems to be based on the degree of induration .
the artery is closed , hemostasis achieved , and the overlying layers closed .
its western boundary is defined by the outcropping of the coal seams in the foothills of the pennines and in the east by the descent of the coal - bearing strata under overlying rocks as they approach the north sea .
the core pushes upwards , deforming overlying rock to form a dome .
slipped capital femoral epiphysis ( also known as " slipped upper femoral epiphysis " ) is a medical term referring to a fracture through the physis ( the growth plate ) , which results in slippage of the overlying epiphysis .
this separates the cartilage from the overlying perichondrium that is its source of nutrients , causing the cartilage to die .
these " basement " rocks below the present - day swell moved upwards relative to the surrounding areas and caused the overlying sedimentary rocks to fold into a dome - like shape called an anticline .
thus the colors produced vary with viewing angle , however they are actually surprisingly uniform , perhaps due to the tetrahedral ( diamond - like ) structural arrangement of the scales or diffraction from overlying cell layers .
this faulting has caused the table mountain sandstone to be exposed closer to and above sea level close to the coast , but gradually becoming deeper embedded in the overlying strata further inland , excluding areas where folding has caused anticlines to expose the rocks higher up ( eg .
there is an internal high strain zone within the overlying nappe pile called the guncoat thrust that is composed primarily of mylonitized porphyroclastic pelitic and psammitic migmatites .
the bracklesham beds are sometimes classed with the overlying barton clay as middle bagshot .
a thickening forms , which separates the outer epithallium from the underlying cortex ; this thickening and the overlying epithallium will end up being the cap of the conceptacle , and the underlying cells will develop to become reproductive initials .
these procedures remove most of the overlying material to expose the deposits of oil shale , and become practical when the deposits occur near the surface .
although in general less storm activity has been observed in the uranian atmosphere than in those of jupiter or saturn , due to its overlying methane and acetylene hazes in its atmosphere making the planet look like a bland , baby blue globe .
fossilized desiccation mudcracks that are up to 4 inches ( 10 cm ) wide and 3 feet ( 1 m ) deep are found at the very top of the owl rock ( they were later filled with sand from the overlying wingate sandstone ) .
lamproite pipes operate similarly to kimberlite pipes , except that the boiling water and volatile compounds contained in the magma act corrosively on the overlying rock , resulting in a broader cone of eviscerated rock ( the ejection of this rock also forms a tuff ring , like kimberlite eruptions ) .
“ the bulk of the geology of the county comprises ordovician slates and volcanics dating back to a vanished ocean bed , which was approximately 450 million year old . overlying the ordovician
■ an overlying shell ( or carapace ) of till which covers the sediment or bedrock blocks .
these blocks are also cropping out in tectonic windows in the overlying middle cretaceous to paleogene sediments .
many of such dolines in the eramosa karst are formed by a combination of soil piping and erosion of the glacially - deposited sediments , overlying the bedrock .
some of the dissolved limestone redeposited as a denser " cap rock " , which can be seen as outcrops overlying the key largo and miami limestones throughout the keys .
this feature is not marked by any overlying impacts of note .
fractonimbus may eventually merge completely with overlying nimbostratus clouds .
structurally , it is a triangular uplifted block of the brent group bounded by nnw - sse and nne - ssw trending faults and sealed by overlying kimmeridge clay ( the dominant source rock , with debated contributions from the much deeper old red sandstone ) and shetland group mudstones .
overlying the eastern rim and intruding into the interior is von zeipel .
all three derive from sonata form , which is used to refer both to the overlying form of an entire work and the structure of a single movement .
the solid geology is chalk overlying gault clay .
the parotid gland is found overlying the mandibular ramus and anterior and inferior to the external ear .
overlying this patchwork of prohibition , many states ( known as alcoholic beverage control states ) decided to establish their own monopolies over the wholesaling and/or retailing of alcoholic beverages .
the great victoria desert is an arid active sand - ridge desert of deep quaternary aeolian sands overlying permian and mesozoic strata of the officer basin .
the traditional form of laminectomy ( conventional laminectomy ) excises much more than just the lamina ; the entire posterior backbone is removed , along with overlying ligaments and muscles .
most people do not count it as the lowest point on land , since the overlying ice sheet makes it essentially subterranean .
meanwhile , pressure from overlying sediments compresses the floodplain mud converting it to mudstone .
the overlying terrestrial sediments consist of an ice complex composed of ice - rich wind - blown silt in which ice wedges have developed .
they were created by uplift - associated pressure release and by the unloading of overlying rock via erosion .
irradiation of the underlying m dwarf atmosphere by the overlying corona may be the source of chromospheric heating .
as a result , the core - mantle boundary represents a significant thermal ( temperature ) discontinuity , with the core at temperatures several hundred degrees celsius hotter than the overlying mantle .
rather , they can be formed by a lava explosion from a bottled up volcano , the explosion leaving a shallow caldera , or the ceiling over a void may not be solid enough to prevent the collapse of the overlying material .
pre - world war i excavations by david george hogarth , who identified three successive temples overlying one another on the site , and corrective re - excavations in 1987 - 88 have confirmed pausanias ' report .
in the neck and upper back , the medial branch continues through the deep and superficial back muscles to supply overlying skin ; in the lower back , the lateral branch does this .
the spillway excavation was designed to be located entirely in welded tuff and not to encroach on either the underlying non - welded tuff or the overlying sandstone , both of these rock types being much inferior to the welded tuff as a rock fill construction material .
over time , most of the overlying rock was uplifted along with the rest of the sierra nevada and was removed from the area by erosion .
under california law , the owners of overlying land own the subsurface water as tenants in common , and each is allowed a reasonable amount for his / her own use .
these subglacial eruptions were not hot enough to melt a vertical pipe right through the overlying glacial ice , instead forming mounds of hydrated volcanic rock made up of volcanic fragments called hyaloclastite and lava that solidified into pillow - shaped masses called pillow lava deep beneath the glacial ice field .
manto deposits were first described in great detail in chile , where they sit within sedimentary strata overlying large granitic intrusions , in regions adjacent to porphyry copper deposits .
overlying the narrabeen group is the hawkesbury sandstone , the rock unit most characteristic of the shire .
it consists of a norman ringwork , partly overlying a mound , possibly a barrow reused as a saxon moot .
the dykes are feeders for the overlying basaltic units , which are now , as are the felsics , part of a thrust sheet .
the darling scarp originated as the local expression , in the perth area , of the extensive darling fault , a major and ancient geological discontinuity separating the archaean yilgarn craton in the east from the younger pinjarra orogen and overlying phanerozoic perth basin to the west .
in undeveloped regions , or areas with high amounts of precipitation , the water table roughly follows the contour of the overlying land surface , and rises and falls with increases or decreases in infiltration .
the few tuyas in the region , such as gage hill , hyalo ridge , mcleod hill and mosquito mound , were formed when magma intruded into and melted a vertical pipe in the overlying glacial ice .
the citation for the sssi says : trodds copse site of special scientific interest comprises ancient semi - natural woodland , unimproved meadows and flushes overlying bracklesham beds , bagshot sand , peat and alluvium .
such systems are particularly useful in built - up urban environments where digging may be impractical due to overlying buildings .
the discharge result when water collects , the overlying ice is lifted , and the water moves outward in a pressurized layer or a growing under - ice lake .
on the dorsal sde , overlying within , are annular deposits that grow forward to form a continuous lining that ultimately rests against the ventral rod , leaving a small opening slightly above the center .
the lower crust may partially melt , forming anatectic granites which then rise into the overlying units , forming granite intrusions .
mapping of variation over an area is valuable in detecting structures obscured by overlying material .
the grotte des demoiselles is thought to have initially been formed by the collapse of overlying limestone , made fragile by water erosion .
he gave many examples of substantial and sometimes commercial quantities of petroleum being found in crystalline or metamorphic basements , or in sediments directly overlying those .
a layer of saprolite ( chemically weathered rock ) separates the bailey rock rhyolite formation from the overlying caldera - fill sequence - era rocks .
in cemeteries this may end up as a thick layer of spoil overlying the original ground surface .
there was also an active weather front overlying the area , clearly visible in meteosat imagery .
the skirmish hill caldera is poorly exposed along the southern margin of the musgrave block and consists of granite and overlying ?
three very small and isolated exposures indicate that the early cretaceous strata are similar to those found in the southwest corner of kotelny island . overlying the early cretaceous sediments are alluvial and lacustrine eocene clays and silts that contains rare beds of sands , brown coal , and gravel .
the wolds is a term used in england to describe a range of hills which consists of open country overlying a base of limestone or chalk .
tests are also being carried out on the overlying upper cretaceous chalk group reservoir to evaluate the flow characteristics .
it is attached to the tooth root and may cause its resorption , may involve the pulp canal , grows slowly , tends to expand the overlying cortical plates , and , except for the enlargement produced , is usually asymptomatic .
bill mathews suggested that these esker - like lava flows were deposited during subglacial eruptions that traveled away from the vent inside tunnels or trenches melted in the overlying ice sheet .
the burial of algae and bacteria below the mud of the sea floor during this time resulted in the formation of north sea oil and natural gas , much of it trapped in overlying sandstone by salt deposits formed as the sea levels fell to form the swamps and salty lakes and lagoons that were home to dinosaurs .
north of the souris basin , an arm of this lake extended along the assiniboine river from griswold and oak lake to some distance above the mouth of the qu'appelle river in saskatchewan ; and the main body of the lake was deeply indented on the east by the high oval area of turtle mountain , and forms , with overlying drift deposits , the massive terrace of the coteau du missouri on the west .
the magma forming these volcanoes were not hot enough to melt a vertical pipe right through the overlying glacial ice , instead forming rounded conical mounds of hydrated volcanic fragments called hyaloclastite and lava that solidified into pillow - shaped masses called pillow lava deep beneath the glacial ice field .
the specimen was found in either the top of the fruitland formation or , more likely , the base of the overlying kirtland formation .
the overlying mucosa is usually intact .
it is present on the face , over the upper portion of the sternocleidomastoid , at the nape of the neck , and overlying the sternum .
the crystal creek walnut is restricted to paleozoic metamorphics but with overlying basalt soils in the mount warning area of new south wales , and a couple of adjacent areas in queensland .
the subsequent natural erosion of this mountain range allowed the carvings by stripping the granite of the overlying sediments and the softer adjacent schists .
the only exposure of the crater itself are scattered outcrops of deformed sandstone and breccia around the northern edge of the overlying hill , which are inferred to be remnants of the crater rim .
as the slab of basaltic crust and some included sediments are dragged deeper , water and other more volatile materials are driven off and rise into the overlying wedge of rock above the subduction zone which is at a lower pressure .
in the floor of the 4th ventricle , various nuclei can be visualized by the small bumps that they make in the overlying tissue .
for this reason , the pittsburgh seam is taken as the base of the overlying monongahela group .
although of a different appearance than the clinker these odd looking concretions are also formed by the burning coal beds , with the difference in appearance being due to the difference in content of the material in the overlying bed that was heated to very high temperatures .
the engine was used in the bmw 303 model from 1933 , and was , among other things , equipped with a chain - driven camshaft and vertical , overlying valves .
he also suggests looking for exposed veins and also describes the effects of metals on the overlying vegetation .
these electrodes are attached to an overlying frame in a “
three days after the murder , hamel told the police and the public that he had found " hidden indentation writing " i.e. writing impressions from a note written on an overlying piece of paper , leaving a ghostly impression .
devils tower did not visibly protrude out of the landscape until the overlying sedimentary rocks eroded away .
" strip mining " is the practice of mining a seam of mineral by first removing a long strip of overlying soil and rock ( the overburden ) .
these volatiles rise into the overlying plate causing partial melting and the formation of magma .
the diamond springs formation is conformable with the overlying rocks and consists predominantly of serpentinite , tremolite - talc - chlorite schist , and amphibolite .
sandstones of the overlying plateau beds formation occur in the summit area as do beds of the grey grits formation - both are assigned to the upper devonian .
it is a product of subglacial volcanism during the pleistocene period when this area was covered by thick glacial ice , forming a subglacial volcano that never broke through the overlying glacial ice known as a subglacial mound .
the sedimentary strata comprising the rock of gilbratar are overturned ( upside down ) with the oldest strata overlying the youngest strata .
the specimen itself is the base of overlying and infilling sandstone and thus shows the tracks in negative relief : a groove appears as a ridge .
this typically occurs in the area overlying lymphoid aggregates .
early - stage lcc are extremely aggressive and difficult to diagnose due to the sub - mucosal location of the tumor and intact overlying mucosa .
the floor of the vale is floored by albian ( lower cretaceous ) beds of the upper greensand , exposed by removal of the overlying chalk .
giles ( 1980 ) and earlier mappers have assigned the macdougall formation , overlying mummawarrawarra basalt , intermediate smoke hill volcanics and the tollu volcanics to the bentley supergroup .
the most northerly region is a vast sheet of ice overlying bedrock and marked with many rifts named " the high ice . "
the peak is formed from sandstones of the brownstones formation and the overlying plateau beds formation of the old red sandstone laid down during the devonian period .
geologists have identified some 40 - 50 such hotspots around the globe , with hawaii , réunion , yellowstone , galápagos , and iceland overlying the most currently active .
during the reign of charles ii , the motto , appearing on a scroll beneath the shield and overlying the compartment , was added to the royal coat of arms of scotland and , since 1707 , has appeared in the scottish version of the arms of british monarchs , including the present royal coat of arms of the united kingdom used in scotland .
satellite - based measurements indicate that flow of salt and gypsum continues today to cause flexing and faulting of overlying sedimentary layers .
this is accomplished by relaxing contracted muscles , increasing circulation , increasing venous and lymphatic drainage , and stimulating the stretch reflex of muscles and overlying fascia .
the overlying volcaniclastic sandstone of the deepdale formation is revealed at keldas .
a long - wave heat exchange takes place between the snowpack and its surrounding environment that includes overlying air mass , tree cover and clouds .
overlying the llandovery beds on the south coast are strips of wenlock rocks ; they extend from bridgehouse bay to auchinleck and are well exposed in kirkcudbright bay , and they can be traced farther round the coast between the granite and the younger rocks .
clays overlying altcar series peats .
geologically , it is limestone overlying granite and has notable karst features , including caves .
an unglaciated lava flow and an overlying pyroclastic - flow deposit extending east from the summit are the most recent products of chiginagak .
the tanami region is of mainly red quaternary sandplains overlying permian and proterozoic strata which are exposed locally as hills and ranges .
although the gluteal muscle bulk and tone can be improved with massage and exercise , it is the disposition of the overlying panniculus adiposus which may be responsible for the " sagging butt " phenomenon .
ribbed bog moss frequently grows on peat overlying permafrost in alaska and northern canada [ 2,112,122 ] .
overlying these sediments are pliocene to pleistocene colluvial , alluvial , and nearshore marine sands , silts , and clays clays that contain occasional gravel layers .
the crater rays spread as far as 800 kilometers across the surrounding mare , overlying rays from the craters aristarchus and kepler .
they are commonly preserved as casts of these indents on the bottom of the overlying bed ( like flute casts ) .
at the eastern limits there is some calcareous soil overlying eocene limestone .
" hunuanoceras " is followed by " eburoceras " which first appears in the upper part of the upper yenchou and continues throughout the overlying wanwankou member of the fengshan .
the rate of cementation of the overlying substrate , relative to the rate of decomposition of the organism , determines whether the top or bottom surface of an organism is preserved .
the sediment penetration of chemical species from overlying waters to these layers will depend heavily upon the size and shape of sediment grains .
as these minerals are subjected to greenschist or blueschist metamorphism during subduction , they change to more stable , anhydrous forms , releasing water and soluble elements into the overlying wedge of mantle .
the reserve consists of gently undulating country with shallow soils overlying calcrete , at an altitude of 80 - 90 m. it lies at the southern end of the semi - arid zone of south australia and the climate is one of cool winters and hot summers .
it comprises a continuous mass of sparsely porphyritic highly jointed dacitic lava overlying the mid - cretaceous coast plutonic complex and overlain locally by clay and of glacial till .
( sfc indicates that the segment begins at the surface , and t indicates that the ceiling ends where overlying class b airspace begins . )
the eggs are often laid in places where there are dead bracken on the ground or in areas where the underlying rock is limestone the eggs may be laid in moss overlying rocks .
however , much of the rock overlying the highlands , above elevations of , is ancient metamorphic rock up to 1.7 billion years old .
the ice goes directly into a gas ( this process is called sublimation ) and leaves behind an empty space . overlying material then collapses into the void .
in geology , drift is transported rock debris overlying the solid bedrock .
during neural induction , noggin and chordin are produced by the dorsal mesoderm ( notochord ) and diffuse into the overlying ectoderm to inhibit the activity of bmp4 .
his early madrigals reflect the styles of willaert with the use of clear diction , thick and continuous counterpoint , intensive imitation , and overlying cadences .
along with other similar sandstones , such as the immediately overlying chatsworth grit , it is assigned to the marsdenian sub - stage of the namurian stage within the carboniferous period .
this leads to a formation of fibrous tissue in the overlying skin .
the most common radiation treatment is plaque brachytherapy , in which a small disc - shaped shield ( plaque ) encasing radioactive seeds ( most often iodine-125 , though ruthenium-106 and palladium-103 are also used ) is attached to the outside surface of the eye , overlying the tumor .
uley bury is a spur of the cotswold escarpment , made up of thick beds of inferior oolitic limestone of the jurassic period , overlying bridport sands .
the lateral plate mesodermal cells secrete a fibroblast growth factor ( fgf7 and fgf10 , presumably ) to induce the overlying ectoderm to form an important organizing structure called the apical ectodermal ridge ( aer ) ..
in a surgical extraction the doctor may elevate the soft tissues covering the tooth and bone and may also remove some of the overlying and/or surrounding bone tissue with a drill or osteotome .
since the rule applied only to wells that tapped the oil reservoir 's overlying gas cap , the hartell and longview plants stayed in operation by processing solution gas , or gas dissolved in oil from the valley 's wells .
discovered by a schoolboy , the double adobe site contained the skull of a mammoth overlying a sand layer containing stone artifacts .
directly overlying the eocene sediments and another erosional unconformity are sands of oligocene and early miocene age .
the muscles and overlying skin are supplied by branches of the external carotid artery : the facial artery and labial artery .
the overlying layer of earth was quicksand , prohibiting ordinary mining operations ; therefore , the frasch process was developed .
over the next billion years , the now cooled granite was gradually exposed through erosion of overlying rocks .
the often rarely preserved flow top breccia and pillow margin zones in some komatiite flows are essentially volcanic glass , quenched in contact with overlying water or air .
a tsunami can be generated when convergent or destructive plate boundaries abruptly move and vertically displace the overlying water .
bmp4 stimulates differentiation of overlying ectodermal tissue .
in their simplest form , lower thirds can just be text overlying the video .
it consists of a basement of tuff , underneath colonnades of a black fine - grained tertiary basalt , overlying which is a third layer of basaltic lava lacking a crystalline structure .
bore samples of sediments overlying the crater contain fossils dating from the paleocene epoch , 65 to 54.8 million years ago .
the summit is formed by the laminated volcaniclastic claystone and siltstone of the esk pike formation overlying the dacitic welded lapilli - tuff of the lincomb tarns formation .
the bottom layer of the pumice is white felsic rich pumice with a darker grey mafic pumice overlying it .
the stratum underlying the dark earth is often of a date varying from the 2nd to the 5th century ad , and the stratum overlying is often , in the city of london , 9th century .
the brule formation is protected by an overlying layer of sandstone and conglomerate sediments called the arikaree formation , which are more resistant to weathering .
a portion of the water that enters the groundwater system beneath the drainage basin may flow towards the outlet of another drainage basin because groundwater flow directions do not always match those of their overlying drainage network .
the histology of lichen nitidus is significant for a " ... localized granulomatous lymphohistiocytic infiltrate in an expanded dermal papilla with thinning of overlying epidermis and downward extension of the rete ridges at the lateral margin of the infiltrate , producing a typical ' claw clutching a ball ' picture ... "
millions of years of erosion stripped away the overlying rock and left remnants of the arching folds in outcrops such as seneca rocks .
as the underlying shale erodes away , it can no longer support the overlying cliff layers , which collapse and retreat .
subendocardial infarctions involve small areas of injured tissue , with larger areas of overlying ischemia .
the regions overlying the ogallala aquifer are some of the most productive regions for ranching livestock , and growing corn , wheat and soybeans in the united states .
some vertebrae overlying the spinal cord are not fully formed and remain unfused and open .
the summit area is composed mostly of till ( clayey silty gravel ) overlying rocks of the lincomb tarn formation .
the direction of the channel is defined primarily by the overlying ice thickness and secondarily by the gradient of the underlying earth , and may be observed to “
it shows a section of red chalk and white chalk overlying lias .
livedoid dermatitis ( also known as " embolia cutis medicamentosa , " and " nicolau syndrome " ) occurs immediately after an intramuscular injection , and is characterized by intense pain and blanching of the overlying skin , known as ischemic pallor .
most disc - shaped fossils decomposed before the overlying sediment was cemented , the ash or sand then slumped in to fill the void , leaving a cast of the underside of the organism .
from time to time , overlying rock collapsed into hollow chambers below , creating deep shafts .
the arafura sea lies west of the pacific ocean overlying the continental shelf between australia and new guinea .
" p " = the overlying pressure in newtons per metre square ,
while some workers ( e.g. , lyatsky and haggart , 1993 ; lyatsky , 2006 ) regard the mesozoic horizons to be the primary oil - exploration targets , others ( e.g. , dietrich , 1995 ; hannigan et al . , 2001 ) focus more on the overlying tertiary rocks .
south of wetherby there is only a thin layer of glacial deposits overlying the limestone .
the neoproterozoic edmundian orogeny mainly consists of the reactivation of earlier formed faults in the gascoyne complex , along with folding and faulting of the overlying edmund and collier basins .
the island volcano of krakatoa in indonesia exploded with devastating fury on august 26 - 27 , 1883 , blowing its underground magma chamber partly empty so that much overlying land and seabed collapsed into it .
the geology of the site is alluvium underlain by river terrace gravels and in turn overlying the london clay formation .
" lambeoceras " is found with " actinoceras " , " armenoceras " , and " nybyoceras " in the second value formation in new mexico ; with " armenoceras " and " selkirkoceras " in the burnam limestone in central texas ; with " actinoceras " , " paractinoceras " , and " kochoceras " in the lander sandstone in wyoming , and with " armenoceras " . " actinoceras " , and " selkirkoceras " in the overlying dolomite – all of red river age , marking the transition between the middle and upper ordovician .
the colours of the 2nd pattern also differed from those of the earlier smocks , the base colour varying from a light to a medium olive combination , with overlying brushstrokes of reddish brown and dark olive green .
the " artists " are usually parodies of a certain archetype of house music performer , the overlying joke being that within any given genre the artists who top the charts are indistinguishable from one another .
moisture exchange between the snowpack and the overlying air mass is accompanied with latent heat transfer that is influenced by vapor pressure gradient and air wind .
the lower old red sandstone is represented by well - bedded flagstones over most of the islands ; in the south of mainland these are faulted against an overlying series of massive red sandstones .
however , erosion has stripped away the overlying and surrounding rock , and so it is impossible to reconstruct the original shape of the igneous intrusion ; that rock may not be the remnant of a laccolith .
the patient is positioned so that the tip of the device and lid are overlying sclera .. transpalpebral tonometry does not involve contact with the cornea and does not require sterilization of the device or topical anesthetic during routine use .
the hill was formed in the same way as nearby bodmin moor by the intrusion of magma into overlying sedimentary rocks .
as the hypolimnion of lakes gradually filled with sediments , oxygen depletion would promote the release of iron - bound phosphorus to the overlying water .
the term " cliff - former " is a geologic term indicating that a unit of bedrock is more resistant to erosion than overlying or underlying units and consequently outcrops have high slope angles .
the nasal bridge is the name given to the upper , bony part of the nose , overlying the nasal bones .
because of its high silica content , the kieselkalk is much less susceptible to karstification than the overlying schrattenkalk .
solitary cutaneous leiomyoma typically presents as a deeply circumscribed , freely movable , rounded nodule ranging from 2 to 15 mm in diameter , with overlying skin that may have a reddish or violaceous tint .
the motto of the order of the thistle , " nemo me impune lacessit " , appears on a blue scroll overlying the compartment .
ground shaking triggered soil liquefaction in a subsurface layer of sand , producing differential lateral and vertical movement in an overlying carapace of unliquified sand and silt .
burning melted overlying basalts and wackes , producing basalts and lavas typically at low elevations .
