" and now , again , i feel god 's words coming to me , go get the palestinians their state and get the israelis their security , and get peace in the middle east .
fatah officials in ramallah reported hamas executed at least 19 party members and more than 35 palestinians .
he told israel radio : " there was an investigation by the major - general of the southern command [ major - general dr. yom tov samia ] , and apparently [ the boy was killed by ] israeli army fire at the palestinians who were attacking them violently with a great many petrol bombs , rocks and very massive fire ....
she also finds a form of denial among israelis that palestinians bear the blame for the nakba by not accepting the un 's proposed partition of palestine into separate ethnic states .
• raise awareness among both lebanese and palestinians , and promote dialogue and understanding
after decades of hope , work and struggle , the goal of peace between israelis and palestinians seems as remote as ever .
on january 6 , 2009 , local eyewitnesses confirmed that hamas militants had fired at israeli troops from adjacent a un school for girls where hundreds of palestinians had sought refuge .
after two days of negotiations , the palestinians were willing to discuss a possible deportation of the militants in the church to what a senior official called a " friendly foreign country " .
there were 870 ( 18.5% ) who b'tselem defines as " palestinians who were killed by israeli security forces and it is not known if they were taking part in the hostilities . "
the destruction of the aircraft on september 12 highlighted the impotence of the jordanian government in palestinian - controlled areas , and the palestinians declared the city of irbid to be " liberated territory , " in a direct challenge to hussein 's rule .
in ramallah dozens of palestinians celebrated in the streets and fired in the air as a sign of happiness .
the palestinians point out to the extensive and continuing israeli settlement effort in the west bank restricting the area available to the palestinian state .
israeli military officials said the palestinians intended to build a mosque on the ruins of the site .
he sought justice through non - violent means and called upon palestinians to be good citizens of israel .
some displaced palestinians resettled in other countries where their situation is often precarious .
another popular destination is the ' solidarity wall ' , which features murals mainly dedicated to peoples / revolutionaries inspired by or with connections to irish republicanism ( the blanketmen , palestinians , eta , frederick douglass and so on ) and is located close to the newly rebuilt falls road leisure centre and the divis area .
ngo un watch noted that the usa and the czech republic on behalf of the european union had argued that falk ’s report should be discredited for its unbalanced and unconstructive approach , suggesting that the human rights council look into the objectivity of his mandate , which is to only investigate israel ’s violations while ignoring those of the palestinians .
some 47,000 palestinians live in the part of the valley that lies in the west bank in about twenty permanent communities , among them the city of jericho .
there are many minority groups , arabs from other countries , indians , pakistanis , iranians , and before 1991 400,000 palestinians . ethnic kuwaitis represented 25% of the total population , but their relative number has risen after 1991 .
south african diplomats had already told arab and muslim countries that they would have to offer text that could describe the current situation without using such language as " ethnic cleansing practices against palestinians " .
the remainder of the palestinians living in the dmzs were driven into syria .
he also accused israel of genocide and massacres against palestinians , and said the " israeli agenda " controls congress .
it is estimated that near the 4% of the chilean population is of asian origin immigrants descendant , chiefly of the middle east ( i.e. palestinians , syrians , lebanese and middle east armenians ) , are around 800,000 .
rice negotiated differences between israel and palestine that included a proposed blacklist of palestinians that had been detained by israel and a concern that future violence would induce a renewed closure of the border crossings .
some lgbt palestinians have relocated to israel , often fleeing harsh intolerance that includes physical abuse , death , or disownment .
though many palestinians still were opposed to compromising on the principle of defeating israel by armed struggle , the existing groups could not channel their desires , as many of them were led by the elite among the exile population , who were detached from the reality of the refugee camps , be they in the west bank and gaza , lebanon , syria , or jordan .
altogether , present - day israelis and palestinians , even if not always knowing all the details of allenby 's biography , are very familiar with his name .
the decision followed a recommendation by a ruling party panel on nationality that palestinians should no longer be treated as stateless .
he is considered to be a moderate voice among the palestinians .
in this season of lent , it seems to many of us that jesus is on the cross again with thousands of crucified palestinians around him .
he is a staunch supporter of the palestinians .
of course an anti - zionist ( as well as an anti - semitic ) point is being made here : the palestinians have a greater political right to palestine than the jews do , as they , not the modern - day jews , are the true descendants of the land 's jewish inhabitants / owners .
in a january 2009 column entitled " eradicating hamas " , margolis called the gaza war a " final solution campaign " on the part of israel , and called hamas a popular revolutionary movement that had stood up for the rights of palestinians “ ethnically cleansed ” in 1948 .
at its core , occupation aims to deny palestinians their humanity by denying them the right to determine their existence , to live normal lives in their own homes .
idris often expressed anger at israeli violence against palestinians .
abbas reportedly wants to take over gaza 's border crossings , including the one with egypt that palestinians in gaza breached , but israel resisted the idea of giving the west bank - based government control of the gaza crossings , citing concerns about security .
several palestinians were also injured .
many israeli arab groups claim continued institutional and social discrimination against them in israel . because they are not jews and many identify ethnically with palestinians their identity often clashes with their citizenship in the jewish state .
he also stated that " it is the zionist state , which has to be dismantled , not the israelis as a people , a nation , a history , a hope to live in peace , as legitimate and historical as that of the palestinians . "
differing legal status and treatment of israeli settlers and palestinians .
combat returned to beirut in 1987 , with palestinians , leftists , and druze fighters allied against amal , eventually drawing further syrian intervention .
however palestinians detained by israeli security forces may be imprisoned for prolonged periods of time , and reports of their torture and other ill - treatment are not credibly investigated .
a 2003 study in the " the harvard international journal of press / politics " found that " haaretz " reporting was more favorable to israelis than palestinians , and more likely to report stories from the israeli side .
his most notable arab israeli critic has been the former balad mk , azmi bishara , who dismissed his thesis as yet another jewish plot to remove the palestinians from their land .
permits are required for palestinians to pass through a gate .
since then , a team consisting of ten young germans , palestinians and israelis takes part in the work of the wbc .
a war , called the war of independence by israelis and the nakba by palestinians , began .
most importantly , camp - me creates an environment removed from the conflict zone to foster dialogue and understanding between israelis and palestinians .
" in the last section of the film , the film director , pierre rehov , travels to jenin to interview palestinians to get their side of the story - but palestinian were caught in their own lies .
president vladimir putin said that russia would not support any efforts to cut off financial assistance to the palestinians , stating that hamas gained power by democratic means .
the future status of the west bank , together with the gaza strip on the mediterranean shore , has been the subject of negotiation between the palestinians and israelis , although the current road map for peace , proposed by the " quartet " comprising the united states , russia , the european union , and the united nations , envisions an independent palestinian state in these territories living side by side with israel ( see also proposals for a palestinian state ) .
in january 2009 , on a broadcast monday of his " the 700 club " television show , robertson stated that he is " adamantly opposed " to the division of jerusalem between israel and the palestinians .
in september 2000 , around 24,000 palestinians crossed out of gaza daily to work in israel , but today the figure is zero .
results showed a high level of consensus , with 76% of both israelis and palestinians affirming a two state solution .
feiglin has proposed a plan to end the conflict between israel and the palestinians living in israeli controlled lands .
at the end of the gulf war , kuwait expelled some 400,000 palestinians after the palestinian leader yasser arafat had aligned the plo with saddam hussein , who had invaded kuwait .
many palestinians believe that he was a victim to internal struggles between palestinian militias .
the yesha council stated that " the murderous shooting attack in samaria is a direct result of the policy of lifting restrictions on the palestinians , removal of necessary road blocks in judea and samaria and the transfer of the responsibility for security to those whose ranks produced many terrorists who murdered jews .
it was considered a success among palestinians .
the novel excoriates what it describes as the commercialization of the holocaust and " argues that the holocaust is invoked as a kind of reflexive propaganda designed to shield the zionist state from responsibility for any transgression against palestinians . "
this was not uniformly implemented in every sector and had much to do with decisions of local military commanders and circumstances , which might explain why some 156,000 palestinians remained in israel at the end of the war .
palestinian immigration refers to the movement of palestinians into the territory of israel .
the event is referred to , by palestinians , as the nakba , the catastrophe .
the one - state solution has been criticized by both israelis and palestinians for a variety of reasons .
2 june israeli settler group based in kiryat arba set a bomb off in hebron market 11 palestinians are injured .
its staff is composed of palestinians and international volunteers , both professional journalists and , " citizen journalists who do not take assignments from editors or paychecks from corporate controlled media . "
in the 2008 - 2009 israel - gaza conflict , at least ten palestinians were killed in the district , including four children .
thousands came together in the capital city , sana'a , on 19 july to protest the israeli attacks against the palestinians and lebanese .
as a result of the six - day war , around 300,00 to 420,000 palestinians fled the territories occupied by israel , including the demolished palestinian villages of imwas , yalo , bayt nuba , surit , beit awwa , beit mirsem , shuyukh , jiftlik , agarith and huseirat , and the " emptying " of the refugee camps of ʿaqabat jabr and ʿein sulṭān .
the crux of the oslo agreement was that israel would gradually cede control of the palestinian territories over to the palestinians in exchange for peace .
support for the palestinians and hamas , opposition to israel .
he is credited with issuing the official death toll , 56 palestinians , for the battle of jenin .
regarding the israeli - palestinian conflict , uddén has stated in an interview that " in order to be able to describe the conflict honestly you have to side with the weaker part [ i.e. the palestinians ] " ( )
shortly after the 2009 israel - gaza conflict , haaretz reported that several idf soldiers had started ordering offensive t - shirts depicting such images as dead palestinians , destroyed mosques and a pregnant palestinian woman with a bull's - eye super - imposed on her belly , with the slogan , in english , " 1 shot , 2 kills , "
its main task is to " assist in monitoring and reporting the efforts to maintain normal life in the city of hebron , thus creating a feeling of security among palestinians in the city of hebron . "
additionally , kampfner has contributed several bbc documentaries , his two - part series on the middle eastern conflict between israel and the palestinians , " the dirty war " , won him journalist of the year and film of the year from the foreign press association in 2002 .
leman and wiberg noted an instance in the 1982 lebanon war where the israeli prime minister menachem begin was portrayed as a jewish angel of death , followed by the caption : " and on that night i want to cross the land of the palestinians and beat all first - born of both humans and creatures and perform my punishment on all of the palestinans ' gods , i the lord " .
an infantry brigade composed of palestinians was in egypt before the outbreak of the war .
in 1992 , duwaik was among 415 palestinians associated with hamas or the islamic jihad who were arrested and exiled to southern lebanon by the israeli administration of yitzhak rabin .
in recent years mark has become involved in palestinian human rights issues , particularly the right to a fair trial for palestinians detained in israel .
an israeli human rights group , b'tselem , estimated the death toll to be 3,396 palestinians and 994 israelis , although this number is criticized for not showing the whole picture , and not differentiating between combatants and civilians ( suicide bombers , for example , are counted in that death toll ) .
the city is very heterogeneous , with many immigrant communities , such as : arabs , chinese , germans , italians , lebanese , paraguayans , argentines , palestinians , french , swedes , portuguese and ukrainians .
as a result , they would impose taxes on palestinians as collective punishment measures to discourage the intifada , for instance “ the glass tax ( for broken windows ) , the stones tax ( for damage done by stones ) , the missile tax ( for gulf war damage ) , and a general " intifada " tax , among others ”
following the outbreak of fighting between israel and palestinians in the second intifada in september 2000 , the jordanian government offered its offices to both parties .
there are an estimated 600 pakistanis living in the area , as well as an estimated 1,000 palestinians , with additional thousands in the greater piedmont triad region .
after the evacuation of settlers from hebron in december 2008 , a riot ensued and a jewish settler , ze'ev braude , was recorded on video shooting two unarmed palestinians .
there are a total of 650 production outlets run by palestinians in the west bank that cut a rich range of pink , sand , golden , and off - white bricks and tiles .
during the al - aqsa intifada in 2003 , the knesset made a temporary amendment to the " citizenship and entry into israel " law which prohibited palestinians married to israelis from gaining israeli citizenship or residency .
d'escoto , reported the israeli newspaper ha'aretz , " likened israel 's policies toward the palestinians to south africa 's treatment of blacks under apartheid . "
according to a recent study , approximately 95.6 percent of palestinians with internet access " frequently visit " the site .
the same year , 51 israelis were killed by palestinians ; 42 were civilians , 9 were members of the military .
saddam 's proposal further split the arab world , pitting u.s.- and western - supported arab states against the palestinians .
among palestinians , examples of notable individuals or political parties that emphasize anti - imperial and anti - colonial narratives in their opposition to zionism include : ghassan kanafani , edward said , leila khaled , george habash , the popular front for the liberation of palestine , the democratic front for the liberation of palestine , and the palestinian revolutionary communist party .
his family are orthodox christian palestinians from the city of ramallah , just outside jerusalem .
in both the local dialect of palestinian arabic and in classical or modern standard arabic , christians are called " nasrani " ( a derivative of the arabic word for nazareth , " al - nasira " ) or " masihi " ( a derivative of arabic word " masih " , meaning " messiah " ) . christians comprise less than 5% of palestinians living within the borders of former mandate palestine today .
according to morris 's estimates , 250,000 to 300,000 palestinians left israel during this stage . " keesing 's contemporary archives " in london place the total number of refugees before israel 's independence at 300,000 .
shortly before the rupture in relations nigerien official lawal kader mahamadou , in denouncing israel 's conflict with the palestinians , accused israel of " genocide " during an appearance on state television , saying " palestine must live as a sovereign state . "
many palestinians counter that the oslo ii agreement was intended to be a temporary resolution and that it was not intended to remain in effect more than a decade later .
he also commanded the rescue mission of taxi driver , eliahu gorel , who was kidnapped by palestinians in 2003 and held in a basement near ramallah .
a firefight followed in which both armed israelis received mortal wounds , one of the palestinians was killed and another wounded .
is one of coach riedls trusted players since he translates for the spanish - speaking palestinians .
there was a strong resistance of the palestinians against the destruction of their villages , and that had really touched me . "
hamas has claimed that their arrest is evidence linking the palestinian authority to the assassination , while the palestinian authority has retorted by accusing the arrested palestinians of being members of hamas .
results of a dna study by geneticist ariella oppenheim appears to match historical accounts that arab israelis and palestinians , together as the one same population , represent modern " descendants of a core population that lived in the area since prehistoric times " , albeit religiously first christianized then largely islamized , and all eventually culturally arabized .
the officer [ shown above grossman in picture ] , wielding a club and moving toward him protectively , ordered the palestinians to back off .
discrimination against palestinians .
note : most of hebron is zoned area ' a ' under the control of the palestinian authority , except for a small area where israeli citizens are permitted to live jointly with palestinians .
the move was criticized by the united states as a " blow " to peaceful negotiations with the palestinians .
in the editorial itself , nashef writes : " the fact of the matter is , the palestinians have something completely different to offer in the debate on ' ancient israel , ' which seems to threaten the ideological basis of bar ( the american popular magazine , " biblical archaeology review " , which turned down this piece - wgd ) : they simply exist , and they have always existed on the soil of palestine ... "
the infrastructure , consisting of settlements , the barrier , military bases and closed military areas , israeli declared nature reserves and the roads that accompany them is off - limits or tightly controlled to palestinians .
many on the left of israeli politics were already warning that without a clean separation from the palestinians , the outcome would be either a bi - national state by default ( thus ending israel 's jewish character ) or a south african - style " bantustan " with a jewish minority forcibly ruling a disenfranchised arab majority ( thus ending israel 's claims to be a democracy ) .
in february , 2009 , moody - adams co - sponsored with university funds a controversial student display on the cornell campus by the islamic alliance for justice consisting of signs and 1300 flags representing dead palestinians and israelis .
the invasion was widely criticized both in and outside israel , especially after the israeli - backed phalangist christian militia 's sabra and shatila massacre , and ultimately led to the death of roughly 1,000 palestinians .
islamic jihad has involved other palestinians in the activities , running summer camps where children were taught how to hold a qassam rocket launcher .
while representative teams that fall under this category perhaps have the least hope of ever gaining full fifa recognition , they can take comfort from the experience of the palestinians who , despite having no recognised state and having to play all their games outside even israel , have been welcomed into fifa and the afc .
the jenin refugee camp was founded in 1953 to house palestinians who fled or were expelled from their native villages and towns in the areas that became israeli territory during the 1948 war .
like nearly all west bank palestinians , he had been barred from traveling across the green line to see the sea for many years ; but during this trip home , he was able to visit the mediterranean shore .
the largest religious group in syria is the sunni muslims which makes up around 74% of the population , of whom about 80 percent are native syrian arabs , with the remainder being kurds , turkomans , circassians , and palestinians .
israel was to grant interim self - government to the palestinians in phases .
israeli knesset member yossi beilin , the current leader of meretz - yachad , a left - wing social democratic party allied with the israeli peace camp , writes in " the forward " of january 19 , 2007 , that , while he " disagreed ... mostly with the choice of language , including his choice of the word ' apartheid ' ... what carter says in his book about the israeli occupation and our treatment of palestinians in the occupied territories — and perhaps no less important , how he says it — is entirely harmonious with the kind of criticism that israelis themselves voice about their own country .
on 30 september , the high follow - up committee for arab citizens in israel - called for the arab community to mount a general strike to protest the killings of five palestinians by israeli security forces in the jerusalem clashes of the previous day , which many consider the first day of the al - aqsa intifada .
the number of noncombatant casualties among palestinians is more difficult to determine , due to the different criteria applied by various institutes to determine who and who is not to be considered a civilian or non - combatant .
the lebanese sunnis , however , would be happy to see these palestinians given the lebanese nationality , thus increasing the lebanese sunni polpulation by well over 10% and tipping the fragile electoral balance much in favor of the sunnis .
israeli forces killed 17 palestinians including hamas leader mahmoud zahar 's 24-year - old son , hussam , in gaza .
the palestinians were provided protection by the iraqi government and enjoyed a high standard of treatment , guided by the casablanca protocol by the league of arab states in 1965 .
palestinians and yemenite jews in jerusalem have historically prepared falafel only from chickpeas .
as of october 2007 , around 23,000 palestinians in the west bank work in israel every day with another 9,200 working in israeli settlements .
in a recent study , the research team discovered that reminding palestinians of their own death through subconscious means inspired conscious shifts in opinion towards wanting to become suicide bombers .
" you can say that the boy was killed by martians , by palestinians , or by israelis , [ but ] we did not stage these scenes .
as such , movement restrictions were also placed on main roads traditionally used by palestinians to travel between cities , and such restrictions are still blamed for poverty and economic depression in the west bank .
the notion that israel should be constituted in the name of and maintain a special relationship with a particular group of people , the jewish people , has drawn much controversy vis - à - vis minority groups living in israel – the large number of muslim and christian palestinians residing in israel .
at least 80 palestinians were killed in nablus during the operation and several houses were destroyed or severely damaged .
his first contribution in the field was included in a special volume of contemporary theatre review on “ palestinians and israelis in the theatre . ”
palestinians regard these objections as irrelevant .
during his interfaith pilgrimage to the holy land in 1995 , he met with israeli , palestinian , ecumenical , and interfaith leaders , and urged peace and mutual respect between israelis and palestinians .
the surface water of the jordan river remains disputed with syria , lebanon and the palestinians .
" ... there is a widespread tendency in the us media to simply ignore or severely underplay violence when its victims are palestinians , while focusing intensely on incidents when the victims are israeli .
200,000 palestinians attended his funeral procession .
palestinians held large demonstrations and threw stones at police in the vicinity of the western wall .
in 2006 , shlomo ben - ami stated on democracy now ! that " camp david was not the missed opportunity for the palestinians , and if i were a palestinian i would have rejected camp david , as well .
under strong pressure from egypt , which feared complete hashemite control over the palestinians , the league political committee in mid - september authorized the establishment of a palestinian ' government . ' "
he has taken issue with the " culture of greed " , " tax paradises ' , the environment and has been particularly harsh in his condemnation of israel 's policies toward palestinians , claiming that the occupation of and settlement on palestinian land ( outside the 1967 borders ) is unlawful .
miari says if he mentions that he 's an israeli citizen , palestinians demand to know how he can deny his palestinian side .
according to the joint monitoring program ( jmp ) of the world health organization ( who ) and unicef , 92% of the palestinians had access to an improved water source in 2004 , while 73% had access to improved sanitation .
palestinians view the tunnels as a lifeline , enabling them access to a wide range of commercial goods during the blockade of the gaza strip .
despite the disqualification , ben - ami was not considered to be a hard - liner in israeli relations with the palestinians and during his time in the barak government , he was a political rival of shimon peres .
kuwait appreciated soviet support for the palestinians , and after the outbreak of the iran - iraq war , the country began to support soviet proposals in the persian gulf after recognising that the soviet presence in the persian gulf was of a stabilising nature , and also as moscow acted as a guarantor against iraqi or iranian aggression .
holden was joking , though it is true that israeli officials considered him pro - arab because of his sensitive reporting on the plight of palestinians .
the palestinians that arrived in nicaragua were mostly christians and a small number of muslims , the majority of which came from rural villages near ramallah , jerusalem , beit jala and bethlehem .
in december 2009 , israel admitted that , in the 1980s and 1990s , there had been organ harvesting of skin , corneas , heart valves and bones from dead bodies of palestinians , israeli soldiers and citizens and foreign workers at the abu kabir forensic institute without the permission from relatives .
tony judt described to the new york times that he believed the real purpose of outspoken denunciations of him and others was to stifle their harsh criticism of israel and its treatment of the palestinians . " ' the link between anti - zionism and anti - semitism is newly created , ' [ tony judt ] said , adding that he fears ' the two will have become so conflated in the minds of the world ' that references to anti - semitism and the holocaust will come to be seen as ' just a political defense of israeli policy . ' " judt , who advocates for a binational solution to the israel - palestinian conflict , states that he " [ does n’t ] know anyone in a respectable range of opinion who thinks israel should n’t exist . "
thus far the airstrikes have killed over thirty palestinians , about two - thirds militants and one - third civilians .
galloway is also known for his vigorous campaigns in favour of the palestinians in the arab - israeli conflict , and for his defence of hezbollah in lebanon .
palestinians use the israeli telecommunication infrastructure either directly or through the palestinian paltel company , which allocates numbers reserved for it by the israeli ministry of communication .
in the following firefight the gunman were killed , and two soldiers were lightly injured by the palestinians .
he said that " the agreement was that the palestinians would take charge [ of the jericho ] prison and it would be monitored by us .
during the armed conflict , tens of thousands of people were killed , the vast majority of whom were palestinians .
during the war , some 100,000 palestinians fled to lebanon , and israel did not permit their return at the end of hostilities .
during jewish holidays and following terrorist attacks , the government imposed closures to restrict travel in the country and the occupied territories for security purposes that had the effect of impeding access to holy sites in the country for arab muslims and christians , as well as israeli - arabs and palestinians who possessed jerusalem identification cards .
in 2001 musbah abdulghasem eter , and two palestinians , yasser mohammed chreidi ( or yassar al - shuraidi or yassir chraidi ) and ali chanaa were convicted in berlin 's " landgericht " of aiding in murder , and chanaa 's former german wife , mrs verena chanaa , was convicted of murder .
hundreds of palestinians were arrested .
they are among 300,000 foreign immigrants who came to israel in the wake of the second intifada to fill lowly jobs that had been handled by palestinians .
the agreement allowed the plo leadership to relocate to the occupied territories and granted autonomy to the palestinians with talks to follow regarding final status .
as a consequence of the holocaust , the europeans took land from the palestinians for a jewish state .
using this definition , both palestinian arabs and palestinian jews were called " palestinians " .
in the late 1960s , tensions between palestinians and the jordanian government increased greatly .
likud leader prime minister benjamin netanyahu has announced his party is committed to a " full peace " with the palestinians , though he is still under international pressure to explicitly endorse a palestinian state .
while arabs " keep pressing the palestinians to respond to the conditions of the ( middle east ) quartet , no one presses israel . "
israeli war that followed , around 750,000 palestinians fled or were expelled from their homes .
kofi annan , united nations secretary - general , commended on august 18 , 2005 what he called israeli prime minister sharon ’s " courageous decision " to carry through with the painful process of disengagement , expressed the hope that " both palestinians and israelis will exercise restraint in this challenging period " , and " believes that a successful disengagement should be the first step towards a resumption of the peace process , in accordance with the road map " , referring to the plan sponsored by the diplomatic quartet – un , eu , russia , and the united states – which calls for a series of parallel steps leading to two states living side - by - side in peace by the end of the year .
palestinians eat the pastirma sliced in thin slices and fry it in olive oil before serving it .
- the alternative tourism group offers bed & breakfast program at local houses around bethlehem , where visitors get direct contact with palestinians at their homes .
this generated an exodus of 200,000 to 220,000 palestinians .
palestinians deaths vs israeli death . 28 september 2000 - 15 february 2006 .
in this phase , 350,000 more arab palestinians fled or were expelled from the conquered areas .
here the press was a willing partner [ as ] they aspired to make jenin a symbol of resistance to palestinians " .
the letter criticizes president bush 's proposed road map for peace initiative as being too lax towards the palestinians .
over time , lilienthal 's criticism of israel grew harsher ; he created a self - published newsletter to protest israel 's treatment of the palestinians , and the vehemence of his language would earn him more enemies .
in it , 93 palestinians were killed .
the gaza beach blast was an event on june 9 , 2006 in which eight palestinians were killed — including nearly the entire family of seven - year - old huda ghaliya — and at least thirty others were injured in an explosion on a beach near the municipality of beit lahia in the gaza strip .
during his tenure , and until the israel high court of justice ruled against such methods in 1999 , gss interrogators were officially sanctioned to use ' moderate physical pressure ' on detainees ( the vast majority of them palestinians ) , " according to amnesty international .
initially , palestinians blamed the israeli authorities for the fire , and some israelis blamed fatah , alleging they had started the fire so as to blame the israelis and provoke hostility .
one of his main points was disagreement with the oslo premise that the negotiations should proceed in stages , meaning that concessions should be made to palestinians before any resolution was reached on major issues , such as the status of jerusalem , and the amending of the palestinian national charter .
palestinian leaders across the political spectrum condemned the attacks against churches , calling for unity among all palestinians -- christian and muslim .
musical performances , speeches and video statements would have been given by dignitaries , luminaries , musicians and celebrities , and were planned to bring israelis and palestinians out to the streets where they will be linked via satellite to their counterparts across the region .
from among those palestinians who became arab citizens of israel and after the passage of the citizenship law of 1952 , a school of resistance poetry was born that included poets like mahmoud darwish , samih al - qasim , and tawfiq zayyad .
as of 2003 , she is the only jewish israeli journalist who has lived full - time among the palestinians , in gaza from 1993 and in ramallah from 1997 .
several films and or television programs have dealt with the issue of lgbt palestinians , oftentimes having relationships with lgbt israelis .
it was only once this channel was exhausted that barak would deal with arafat and the palestinians .
the israeli jerusalem open house has opened an arab chapter called ' , reaching out to gay and lesbian palestinians .
palestinians made the largest " kunafah " in an attempt to get into the book of guinness world records .
lebanese phalangists massacre between 700 - 3500 palestinians in the refugee camps of sabra and shatila , almost all civilians .
regarding american support for israel , khalidi stated in an interview that " every other single place on the face of the earth is in support of the palestinians , yet all of them together are n't a hill of beans compared to the united states and israel , because the united states and israel can basically do anything they please .
in part 1 , yavin travels through the west bank , inviting himself into the homes of both israelis and palestinians in order to get a highly personal look at the conflict .
ultimately , it fell partially in the hands of the palestinians and its residents were forced to flee from their homes .
many palestinians believed that the oslo accords had turned the plo leadership into a tool of the israeli state in suppressing their own people .
israeli soldiers surrounding the camps turned back palestinians fleeing the camps , as filmed by a visnews cameraman .
according to michael eisenstadt , of the washington institute for near east policy , hezbollah also has a unit called " unit 1800 " which aids palestinians engaged in their operations , by providing funding , direction , weapons , and bomb - building instructions .
throughout his adult life , said involved himself in the struggle on behalf of the rights of palestinians .
after the end of the israeli operation and moving from the emergency shelters , many palestinians ( preliminary assessments shows 10,991 displaced households , or 71,657 people ) have been homeless and remain with host families due to the extensive attacks .
according to al mezan center for human rights , 133 palestinians ( including 31 children ) were killed by idf forces during operation days of penitence through october 15 .
through the arab league it has provided more than $ 250 million for the palestinians , and pledged $ 500 million in assistance over the next three years at the donors conference in dec 2007 .
[ ... ] if the israeli allegations of tampered evidence are to be believed , many palestinians would have to have engaged in a massive and immediate conspiracy to falsify the data .
in june 2009 , haaretz reported on the widespread phenomenon of israeli border police forcing palestinians to humiliate themselves on camera and then publishing the video on youtube .
idf reports show that from the start of the second intifada ( in 2000 ) to the year 2005 , palestinians killed 1,074 israelis and wounded 7,520 .
five palestinians were killed in exchanges of fire between hamas and fatah throughout northern gaza .
once at war , both egypt and jordan have established diplomatic relations and signed peace treaties with israel , and attempts to resolve the conflict with palestinians have produced a number of interim agreements .
as an iran specialist , i can attest that both accusations are false ... what ahmadinejad has questioned is the mythologizing , the sacralization , of the holocaust and the “ zionist regime ’s ” continued killing of palestinians and muslims .
the center of plo activity then shifted to lebanon , where the 1969 cairo agreement gave the palestinians autonomy within the south of the country .
israeli officers accused the palestinians of inflating the number of casualties for a greater international effect as was done by the palestinian authority in the jenin .
she claims to owe her age to olive oil , which she drinks every day , her avoidance of alcohol , and a local herb palestinians often use for salads .
since the 1970s , frequent conflicts erupted between palestinians and the israeli authorities in the city , leading to the first intifada in 1987 .
in november 2008 , the simon wiesenthal center criticized d'escoto for saying that israel is " crucifying " palestinians , which the center said was an anti - semitic analogy to the crucifixion of jesus .
palestinians and their supporters assert that the intifada was a protest against israeli repression which included extrajudicial killings , mass detentions , house demolitions , deportations , and so on .
the forced eviction by israel of its settlers and military forces in entirety from the ground territory of the gaza strip has been put forth as a ' test case ' of " land for peace " with the palestinians .
on november 15 , following arafat 's death , israeli forces launched an incursion in jenin to kill him , but he evaded them ; in the raid , nine palestinians were killed , including four civilians and his deputy , " alaa " .
zahalka describes israel 's political discourse about the palestinians as revolving around the ideas of separation , apartheid , and transfer .
for instance peretz and gabbay emphasize the psychological component : panic or hysteria swept the palestinians and caused the exodus .
the other city handed over to the palestinians was gaza .
the palestinians were supported in this , to varying degrees , by the regimes in syria , libya , iran and iraq .
israel claims the palestinians had planned violence far in advance of sharon 's visit .
hewar 's very dedicated board of directors has gone to great lengths to become certified peace facilitators , learn hebrew , and organize discussions between palestinians and israelis in neutral countries .
temporary international presence in hebron or tiph is a group of european civilians observing the situation in the west bank city of hebron , in order to monitor israeli settlers , and help the arab palestinians who currently live there .
palestinians who live near the seam zone are allowed to enter and stay if they possess a written permit , " tasrich " in arabic , authorizing permanent residence .
these arabs were genuine palestinians most of them had lived in the beersheba area of palestine during the period of the british mandate .
the population of the state was referred to by the statement : " the state of palestine is the state of palestinians wherever they may be " .
schama was critical of a call by british novelist john berger for an academic boycott of israel over its policies towards the palestinians .
on january 10 , 2006 , israeli officials announced that a limited number of palestinians in east jerusalem would be able to cast votes at post offices , as they did in 1996 .
obama mentioned that he had spent several years growing up in the world 's most populous muslim nation , indonesia , and called for resumed negotiations between israel and palestinians .
journalist ruthie blum , writing in the " jerusalem post " , describes " pallywood " as a term coined by richard landes to refer to " productions staged by the palestinians , in front of ( and often with cooperation from ) western camera crews , for the purpose of promoting anti - israel propaganda by disguising it as news . "
the league was weakened over the years by internal dissensions on political issues , especially those concerning israel and the palestinians and later on by the three gulf wars .
there was also rumour that the footage of some palestinians celebrating the attacks was stock footage of palestinian reactions to the iraqi invasion of kuwait in 1990 .
it is very simple : palestinians have the right to remain silent while israel starves them , kills them and continues to violently colonise their land " and " any act of resistance including the peaceful protests against the apartheid wall in the west bank is always met by israeli bullets and bombs .
rafsanjani voiced support to prince abdullah 's peace initiative and to " everything the palestinians agree to " .
settler harassment of palestinians in hebron was a regular occurrence in this reporting period .
trying to prevent the violence spinning out of control , king hussein announced " we are all fedayeen " and fired the interior minister who was hostile towards the palestinians .
palestinians on line at a checkpoint complain to the camera that the four hour wait they ’re enduring in the hot sun is common , while an israel mother rants , “ i think jews that vote to evacuate us from our homes should come and talk to us .
while many palestinians supported saddam hussein , rahim did not .
there have also been suggestions for an alternate road route for palestinians running north - south between ma'ale adumim and jerusalem that uses overpasses and tunnels to bypass israeli built - up areas ( which already exists to some extent ) .
the houses were destroyed and the area was later transferred to the palestinians .
shabtai is an outspoken critic of israeli policies in the palestinian territories , and of human rights violations against palestinians .
lieberman argues that the arab residents see themselves not as israelis but as palestinians , and should therefore be encouraged to join the palestinian authority .
both israelis and their advocates along with palestinians and their advocates have pointed to these qualities — political ideology , national affiliation , anti - semitism , anti - arabism , or islamophobia — as a potential explanation for the alleged bias of certain prominent journalists .
in her work as a visa officer johnson investigated 29 " visa security cases " involving palestinians seeking entry into the united states who had been convicted by israeli military courts of being members of illegal organizations , including the palestine liberation organization ( plo ) .
asala was founded in 1975 in beirut , lebanon during the lebanese civil war by hagop hagopian ( harutiun tagushian ) , pastor rev. james karnusian and kevork ajemian , a prominent contemporary writer , with the help of sympathetic palestinians .
in 2003 , iran approached the united states with proposals to negotiate all outstanding issues including the nuclear issue and a two - state settlement for israel and the palestinians .
in january 2009 , palestinian sources stated that at least 1,300 palestinians were killed in the conflict .
gen. dr. menachem finkelstein , states that " there were many - too many - complaints that soldiers manning checkpoints abuse and humiliate palestinians and that the large number of complaints ' lit a red light ' for him " .
the film takes a look at the conflict between israelis and palestinians from the perspective of soldiers in the israeli defence force .
a 2005 poll by the center indicated that 53 percent of palestinians supported " the continuation of [ the ] al - aqsa intifada , 50 percent supported " suicide bombings against israeli civilians " , and 36 percent supported " the resumption of military operations against israeli targets " .
reports and images of palestinians from east jerusalem , nablus , and lebanon taking to the streets in celebration , were broadcast around the world . with many newspapers , magazines , web sites and wire services running photographs .
as archbishop he spearheaded efforts to provide relief for palestinians during the 1948 exodus .
two palestinians , ahmad hasnin , an intelligence operative of the fatah - controlled palestinian authority ( pa ) , and anwar shekhaiber , an employee of the pa in ramallah , were arrested in jordan and handed over to dubai , suspected of giving logistical assistance .
their houses were destroyed and the area was later surrendered to the palestinians .
some palestinian and arab leaders believe that palestinians are justified in using violence against any israeli , seeing all israelis as illegal occupants , and arguing that israel 's universal conscription renders almost all israelis potential combatants .
