see second paragraph in this article under " history "
paragraph 1b states that at " conclusion of the morning hour at the beginning of a new legislative day or after the unfinished business or any pending business has first been laid before the senate on any calendar day , and until after the duration of three hours of actual session after such business is laid down except as determined to the contrary by unanimous consent or on motion without debate , all debate shall be germane and confined to the specific question then pending before the senate . "
and for the uninitiated moss parses a paragraph from the novel : " it was midday , but the flash and thundering concussion of magery made the air seem dark and heavy .
the u.s. controlled substances act 's " 21 u.s.c. § 811(d)(4 ) " implies that placing a drug in schedule iv or v of the act is sufficient to " carry out the minimum united states obligations under paragraph 7 of article 2 of the convention " .
book publishers have also used stylized designs ( dingbats ) underneath the last paragraph of a chapter to indicate that no other content is to be expected until the next chapter , allowing for the possibility of blank pages without misunderstandings by the readers .
in the 623rd paragraph , the report described a cable from the cia 's directorate of operations dated october 22 , 1982 , describing a prospective meeting between contra leaders in costa rica for " an exchange in [ the united states ] of narcotics for arms , which then are shipped to nicaragua . "
hyland can work painstakingly and has at times taken a week to write a single paragraph .
the softcover edition of " jaco : the extraordinary and tragic life of jaco pastorius " amended a paragraph concerning an occasion in which jaco had introduced a female friend to milkowski as his daughter .
paragraph 8 states that on a point of order made by any senator , no general appropriation bill or amendment thereto shall be received or considered if it contains a provision reappropriating unexpended balances of appropriations .
but this caused them difficulties as early as in their spring 1900 seed catalogue where a paragraph of the introduction reads : it has come to our knowledge that nearly all the new breeds introduced by us up to the present time have been renamed by various dealers and are being offered by them under different names .
although a popular misconception , per army regulation ( ar 600 - 8 - 2 paragraph 1 - 15 ) governing suspension of favorable actions ( flags ) , a soldier can not be denied an award or decoration due to an apft failure .
the second paragraph is an obvious reference to the disappointment in the ahac series .
ball completed his message in french , and the paragraph translates as : " the magazine shall be published in zürich and shall carry the name ' dada ' ( ' dada ' ) .
they are also differentiated radically by a number of doctrinal differences ( listed after this paragraph ) .
for example , in paragraph 21 , the iaea report states : " although the agency had been shown the documents that led it to these conclusions , it was not in possession of the documents and was therefore unfortunately unable to make them available to iran . "
the topic sentence acts as a kind of summary and offers the reader an insightful view of the writer ’s main ideas for the following paragraph .
such a commentary usually takes the form of footnotes , endnotes , or separate text cross - referenced by line , paragraph or page .
the view has been advanced that a transfer is prohibited under paragraph 6 only to the extent that it involves the displacement of the local population .
operations began in february 1946 under quadripartite flight rules paragraph 4 .
editing these required replacing an entire line ( and if the replacement ran on to another line , the rest of the paragraph ) .
in the concluding paragraph the american diplomat noted , " albeit he had enemies and ardent ones , i doubt that anyone could be found in persia having any familiarity with the deeds and accomplishments of teymourtache who would gainsay his right to a place in history as perhaps the most commanding intellect that has arisen in the country in two centuries " .
when road capacity is increased , initially there is more road space per vehicle travelling than there was before , so congestion is reduced , and therefore the time spent travelling is reduced - reducing the generalised cost of every journey ( by affecting the second " cost " mentioned in the previous paragraph ) .
a relic from the earlier laws of denmark - norway , paragraph 2 originally read , " the evangelical - lutheran religion remains the public religion of the state .
( revision on the paragraph is suggested over biographical relevance . )
in his book " right hand , left hand : the origins of asymmetry in brains , bodies , atoms and cultures " chris mcmanus , a psychologist at university college london , has described stan gooch 's ideas about the origins of left - handedness as " myths " and stated that they lack any supporting evidence , although this conclusion was based on one paragraph of gooch 's work .
all advantages and disadvantages are the same as the ones listed in the second paragraph .
( a ) has held that the detention is arbitrary within category iii of the working group 's categories ( failure to provide a fair trial ) [ paragraph 27 ] ; and
he argued that the federal reserve act of 1913 defies article 1 , section 8 , paragraph 5 of the united states constitution by creating a " central bank of issue " for the united states .
to this day , nascar only briefly mentions his career with a brief paragraph which does not mention his cause of death at all .
sigé herself then doubtless remains hidden above ; but her mysteries are made known to marcus by the tetrad , the " colarbas " or " voice of four " , who must be the ( nameless ) " most mighty power from the invisible and innominable places , " to whom he boasted that he owed his " knowledge , " as we read in irenaeus 's first paragraph about him ( 60 ) .
to the left of this paragraph is the portrait bust of football player pinball clemons created by gino cavicchioli , created for the canadian football hall of fame induction 2008 .
cyrillic glyphs were developed at paratype ( paragraph ) in 1993 by vladimir yefimov .
nicolaus copernicus , galileo galilei and giordano bruno were all aware of the writings of cusanus as was johannes kepler ( who called cusanus ' divinely inspired ' in the first paragraph of his first published work ) .
[ 17 ] “ new pioneer : successful by working on the basics ” by john higgins , cooperative grocer magazine , issue 1 , october - november 1985 , page 5 - 8 ( especially 5 , paragraph 3 )
paragraph 6 states that senators having petitions , memorials , bills , or resolutions to present after the morning hour may deliver them in the absence of objection to the presiding officer 's desk .
bringing down the wheel anchors tied to the braking system ( visible on the invalides museum picture shown to the left of this paragraph ) was called " abattage " .
in the latter case , the order may be followed with a recurring penalty payment or lodging of a guarantee intended to compensate the rightholder ( paragraph a ) .
this provision is now referred to as the “ wow paragraph ” .
paragraph 18 declared the obligation of every swiss citizen to serve in the federal army if conscripted ( " wehrpflicht " ) , setting its size at 3% of the population plus a reserve of one and one half that number , amounting to a total force of some 80,000 .
us state department legal advisor , herbert j. hansell , in a letter dated 1 april 1978 , has reached the same conclusion , noting that " [ p]aragraph 1 of article 49 prohibits " forcible " transfers of protected persons out of the occupied territory ; paragraph 6 is not so limited . "
in the concluding paragraph of the letter , the imam muizz said , " we have sent you some of our banners , which you can unfurl in case of need .
although nearly all of the claims made in the e - mail are true , the hoax stemmed from a misinterpretation of the third sentence of the second paragraph which states that " at a modest 75-power magnification mars will look as large as the full moon to the naked eye " .
paragraph 78:second movie , director : michael khleborodov , rusia , 2007
" in addition , it is clear from paragraph 16 of segers that the fact that a company does not conduct any business in the member state in which it has its registered office and pursues its activities only in the member state where its branch is established is not sufficient to prove the existence of abuse or fraudulent conduct which would entitle the latter member state to deny that company the benefit of the provisions of community law relating to the right of establishment . "
article 19 , paragraph 3 of the basic law declares : " the basic rights shall also apply to domestic artificial persons to the extent that the nature of such rights permits . "
specification 4 : in that lieutenant colonel william h. steele , did , between on or about 18 february 2007 and 21 february 2007 , violate a lawful general order , to wit : paragraph 2e , multi - national corps - iraq general order number 1 , dated 16 december 2006 , by wrongfully and knowingly possessing pornographic video files .
a traditional lucky bag has a collection of photos taken around the academy and photographs of each graduating officer along with a single paragraph describing the individual written by a friend .
this paragraph thus means menopausal and infertile couples may morally engage in intercourse , even though there is no possibility of children resulting from the act .
that is why he writes the following , and quite moving , paragraph : " we can forgive von nägeli for being obtuse and supercilious .
in this letter was a very direct paragraph in which galileo wrote " i hold that the sun is located at the centre of the revolutions of the heavenly orbs and does not change place , and that the earth rotates on itself and moves around it .
the term " triple squeeze " is usually defined as in the prior paragraph , but a more explicit definition is " three simple squeezes against the same player . "
meanwhile , paragraph 52 concludes with this sentence : " the key to solving the conundrum posed by this judgment is in reading hbhg and dvc . "
over the next thirteen months , wapnick and schucman edited the manuscript again , substantially rearranging and deleting material , altering chapter and section headings , and correcting various inconsistencies in paragraph structure , punctuation , and capitalization .
in academic writing , it is sometimes used as an in - text referencing tool to make reference to a specific paragraph from a document that does not contain page numbers .
paragraph ii .
in page 4 under a paragraph on dtt the pilot is described as underway , but puts forward the view that continued progress is required on both it and formal arrangements in the coming months would be needed to ensure the analogue system is replaced nationwide called " analogue switch off " .
paragraph 5 states that all bills , amendments , and joint resolutions shall be examined under the supervision of the secretary of the senate before they leave the possession of the senate .
u. vol.190 , paragraph 1605 ) .
in spite of the advantages of the rendering process mentioned in this paragraph , it also poses certain economic disadvantages .
when , in accordance with article 46 , paragraph 4 , of the convention , the committee of ministers considers that a high contracting party refuses to abide by a final judgment in a case to which it is party , it may , after serving formal notice on that party and by decision adopted by a majority vote of two thirds of the representatives entitled to sit on the committee , refer to the court the question whether that party has failed to fulfil its obligation .
ella is said to have some relationship with iggy , but nothing has been mentioned apart from a small paragraph at the end of the 3rd book .
paragraph 1 of annex 5 states " all vehicles in international traffic must meet the technical requirements in force in their country of registration when they first entered into service " .
referring to paragraph 64 of " haurietis aquas " , john paul ii wrote : " if through christ 's humanity [ his ] love shone on all mankind , the first beneficiaries were undoubtedly those whom the divine will had most intimately associated with itself : mary , the mother of jesus , and joseph , his presumed father " .
" on exactitude in science " or " on rigor in science " ( the original spanish - language title is " del rigor en la ciencia " ) is a one - paragraph short story by jorge luis borges , about the territory relation , written in the form of a literary forgery .
a " linking sentence " efficiently links the current paragraph to the next .
in particular , the italian version preserves the ancient practice of commencing the paragraph inserted on shabbat with " nachamenu " .
though the chapter is heavy on the establishment of colonies and the implementation of capitalist methods in the new areas , marx makes his point fairly clear in the last paragraph of chapter 33 .
convention states that the pilcrow sign followed by a number indicates the paragraph number from the top of the page .
after finishing a paragraph a group leader will often ask a member if they experienced any symptoms while reading the literature and will endorse them for the efforts to continue reading despite feelings of uncomfortably or fear of making mistakes .
the phrases are amplified and developed according to the length , the structure , and , above all , the sentiment of the text of the paragraph , and lead always into the coda in a manner anticipating the form of instrumental music entitled the " rondo , " although in no sense an imitation of the modern form .
a committee representing jefferson wanted to keep this passionate paragraph in the declaration .
paragraph 2 of article 27 affirms that " the right to disseminate shall not be exercised for the purpose of changing the provisions of articles 1 , 2 and 3 of [ the ] constitution " , articles in question referring to the unitary , secular , democratic and republican nature of the state .
( 2 ) the secretary of state may by order amend paragraph ( b ) of subsection ( 1 ) of this section by adding any firearm or ammunition to , or by altering the description of , or by substituting any other firearm or ammunition for , the firearm or ammunition mentioned in that subsection .
it is odd that rodriguez , although a suspect in the heist is not mentioned in other than a small paragraph which was about his relationship with angelo .
dystopia was briefly mentioned in a small paragraph in pc poweplay ’s modlife section .
the involvement of different stakeholders in the policy framework of the igf is a re - affirmation of commitment as per paragraph 39 of the tunis commitment .
the first , which applies to all matters , is to be found in article 12 , paragraph 1 , which says that when the security council is considering these questions or exercising its functions in respect thereof , the general assembly shall not make any recommendation ...
however , it found the interference necessary in a democratic society , stating that " the test of ' necessity ' in the second paragraph of article 10 should therefore be a less strict one when applied to restraints imposed on commercial ' ideas ' " ( compared with ' political ' ideas ) .
the general of the swedish cavalry , cabinet minister and adjutant general carl johan adlercreutz ( 1757 - 1815 ) , who had been created a swedish baron 30 august 1808 , was created swedish count in accordance with the 37th paragraph of the swedish instrument of government of 1809 , meaning only the head of the family possesses the title , 31 august 1814 in uddevalla by king charles xiii of sweden , and was introduced at the swedish house of the nobility 10 march 1814 as comital family number 125 .
" what barthes could n't say : on the curious occultation of homoeroticism in " s / z " by : stewart , philip ; " paragraph : a journal of modern critical theory " , 2001 mar ; 24 ( 1 ) : 1 - 16 .
one column to chennai news from the government gazette of that city ; two columns to london news , whilst a short paragraph of ten lines is devoted to news from canton in china , given the prices of opium .
free - to - air broadcasting organisations in independent or non - independent areas ( such as special administrative regions ) in the abu region may apply for additional full or associate membership , provided they fulfill the conditions ( a ) and ( b ) in the paragraph above .
it ran until september 18 , 1982 with a total of 25 episodes , under two different names ( see next paragraph ) .
the term " choral symphony " in this context was coined by hector berlioz when describing his " roméo et juliette " in his five - paragraph introduction to that work .
see page 181 paragraph 4 ; glenn odekirk recalls that day . "
the seventh paragraph observes that " a common understanding " of rights and freedoms is of " the greatest importance " for the full realization of that pledge .
" a fallacy in aristotle 's argument about the good " ( 1957 ) is a close analysis of a crucial paragraph in book i , chapter 7 of aristotle 's nicomachean ethics .
the quotation from sixtus v continues through paragraph 15 , and it is here that scholasticism , drawing together and compiling the sacred writings , the work of the “ sovereign pontiffs , the holy fathers and the councils , ” is portrayed as beneficial to the posterity in three ways : for ( 1 ) understanding and interpreting scripture , ( 2 ) understanding the fathers , and ( 3 ) combating heresies and errors .
the following paragraph considers the city ’s music scene : in recent years it has experienced growth in various genres .
in the empire , more organized opposition began with the 1897 founding of the sexual - reformist wissenschaftlich - humanitäres komitee ( whk , scientific - humanitarian committee ) , an organization of notables rather than a mass movement , which tried to proceed against paragraph 175 based on the thesis of the innate nature of homosexuality .
moldovan diplomacy took advantage of the negotiations concerning the adaptation of the treaty on conventional armed forces in europe ( caf ) , and managed to ensure that a special paragraph about the removal of russian troops from moldova ’s territory was introduced into the text of the osce summit declaration of istanbul ( 1999 ) , through which russia had committed itself to pulling out its troops from transnistria by the end of 2002 .
in that case , one speaks of non - parametric statistics as opposed to the parametric statistics described in the previous paragraph .
passengers and freight increasingly used highway transportation after world war i. frank winter bought the railroad about 1930 to move lumber from branch mills to his schooners mentioned in the preceding paragraph .
it encompasses not only the big - picture , strategic choices such as point of view and choice of narrator , but also tactical choices of grammar , punctuation , word usage , sentence and paragraph length and structure , tone , the use of imagery , chapter selection , titles , and on and on .
( only the first paragraph of the preface survives , and it states , " man is born from heaven and earth .
the new wording of the act , as amended , still requires the same conditions as worded in paragraph ( 2 ) , above , but those conditions could , after the changes , also be a result of
the lack of chapter breaks within the text in these editions also serves to reinforce the visual impact created by the spaces and " paragraph " breaks on the page , which indicate the traditional jewish parashah divisions .
patrick stuebing has already served a two - year sentence for committing incest and there is another jail term looming if paragraph 173 of the legal code is not overturned .
marshall 's beginning in the third paragraph with " marshall , for such of the tenants ... "
with regards to the paragraph above , this developmental finding can be used to argue for a reduced role of parents ( and not just women ) in the workplace .
with their " gleichschaltungspolitik " and their attempts to incorporate the aryan paragraph into the church constitution so as to exclude jewish christians , the german christians entered into a " kirchenkampf " with other evangelical christians .
the objection may dispute the applicant 's right to be registered as owner or , more usually , the registered proprietor will claim the benefit of the process found in paragraph 5 of schedule 6 .
prodi 's candidacy was confirmed by a national primary election , held on october 16 , 2005 ( for more information about the primary election , see the related paragraph below ) .
united nations security council resolution 11 , adopted on november 15 , 1946 , set the conditions under article 93 , paragraph 2 of the united nations charter upon which switzerland would be admitted to the international court of justice .
most of the information in the paragraph above , and much more , is to be find in documentation files supplied with turbo debugger , in particular " turbo debugger tips and hints " , helpme!.td and " using the hardware debugging features " , hdwdebug.td .
california senate factfinding subcommittee on un - american activities ( suac ) was established by the california state senate under authority of paragraph 12.5 ( 13 ) of the standing rules committee of the state senate .
in germany , article 7 , paragraph 4 of the grundgesetz , the constitution of germany , guarantees the right to establish private schools .
( paragraph 27 ) .
when he reached the paragraph in which a correction was made , and the words " withdrawing forces " were changed to " moving forces , " eshkol began to hesitate , not understanding that a correction was made .
clearly the 2008 date for 50% migration was not met : see the last paragraph of this section .
there is almost an air of disappointment in the description of the enemy tactics in the last paragraph of the squadron combat report .
thus , the constitution of the rs had to be amended , which was done with the amendment number lxviii , which changed the word " border " in the amendment number lv on the article 2 paragraph 2 of the constitution of rs .
[ 9 ] “ new pioneer : successful by working on the basics ” by john higgins , cooperative grocer magazine , issue 1 , october - november 1985 , page 5 - 8 ( especially 5 , paragraph 3 )
in the last paragraph of the will , she wrote , " it is my intention to make no provision herein for my son christopher or my daughter christina for reasons which are well known to them . "
some are only a paragraph , while the others are over two pages .
the aryan paragraph .
also to those who were away from their regular places of residence ( as described in the previous paragraph ) .
the 1934 edition contained a paragraph claiming that crime is brought about by a conflict of behaviours that originated from different cultures .
the opening paragraph stated , " the new york state comptroller , alan hevesi , encouraged california pension managers to invest in a private capital fund founded by a man whose wife has been a generous donor to his political campaigns " .
( updated paragraph about dry mesa pending . )
although these descriptions move across the whole of england in a paragraph , woolf only rarely and briefly broadens her view to the world outside britain .
searches may only be made and the measures provided for in the first paragraph may only be taken upon judicial writ .
at the end of a text section , the reader is usually presented with a choice of narrative branches that they may follow , with each option containing a reference to the number of the paragraph that should be read next if the option is chosen .
paragraph 3 states no bill or joint resolution shall be committed or amended until it has been read twice .
these provide unicode with native paragraph and line separators independent of the legacy encoded ascii control characters such as carriage return ( u+000a ) , linefeed ( u+000d ) , and next line ( u+0085 ) .
the k98k was adopted by nazi germany as the standard infantry rifle in 1935 , and would serve until the end of world war ii , ( see later paragraph ) .
although not highly regarded by some critics ( tag gallagher devotes only one short paragraph to it in his book on ford ) it was fairly successful at the box office , grossing $ 900,000 in its first year .
the complaints requested the concourt to decide whether the premiership of samak sundaravej is terminated upon section 91 , section 182 paragraph one ( 7 ) and section 267 of the constitution of the kingdom of thailand ( 2007 ) .
there is a review in a blog called the valve , where this novella was mentioned as having piqued the author 's interest because of an opening paragraph written in the same style as malone meurt ( malone dies )
but a hearing , like other committee meetings , may be closed for specific reasons stated in senate rules ( rule xxvi , paragraph 5(b ) ) .
article 2 , paragraph 1 of the united nations second optional protocol to the international covenant on civil and political rights aiming at the abolition of the death penalty , allows members to make a reservation in these terms , at the time of ratification or accession to the protocol .
the first one was originally the use of the article 49 paragraph 3 procedure , according to which the law was adopted except if a majority is reached on a non - confidence motion ( reform july 2008 resulted in this power being restricted to budgetary measures only ) .
judge nicholson writes in paragraph 210 of his judgement ,
three of the four gospels , matthew , mark , and luke , are known as the synoptic gospels because they display a high degree of similarity in content , narrative arrangement , language , and sentence and paragraph structures .
they encompass the big - picture , strategic choices such as point of view and narrator , but they also include the nitty - gritty , tactical choices of grammar , punctuation , word usage , sentence and paragraph length and structure , tone , the use of imagery , chapter selection , titles , and on and on .
" if the congress will not be in sessions , the permanent commission will name , of course , to a provisional governor and will summon to extraordinary sessions the congress so that this one designates to the temporary governor and sends the call for the election of governor in the terms of the previous paragraph . "
concerning the plan dalet , gelber argues that khalidi and pappe 's interpretation relies only on a single paragraph in a document of 75 pages , that has been taken out of its context .
but since cast iron buildings stop at west broadway there is ample evidence to suggest that soho 's borders are those described in the paragraph below .
12.14.2009 clarification : the fifth paragraph of this post erroneously conflated a criticism that jessica 's law is " badly written " with advocates for tougher standards for sex offenders .
the berchtesgaden agreement ( february 12 , 1938 ) stipulated in paragraph 8 , that jansa should be replaced with franz böhme .
nonetheless , brown 's name was mentioned before kennedy 's and cuomo 's in a " new york times " article paragraph about paterson 's final nomination decision thoughts .
cygwin package list ( par / par-1.42 - 1 ) ( search for paragraph reformatter on
paragraph xiv mentions france , the holy roman emperor , the dukes of the holy roman empire , and the guarantors of the altona convention as guarantors of the treaty .
rudolf bultmann and hans von soden , professors of protestant theology at the philip 's university in marburg upon lahn , wrote in their assessment in 1933 , that the " aryan paragraph " contradicts the protestant confession of everybody 's right to perform her or his faith freely . "
the paragraph goes on to date the translation to 1408 .
homosexuality in hungary was decriminalized in 1962 , paragraph 199 of the hungarian penal code from then on threatened " only " adults over 20 who engaged themselves in a consensual same - sex relationship with an underaged person between 14 and 20 .
his four - paragraph story about the tasting has been called “ the most significant news story ever written about wine ” .
47 , paragraph 1 , in electoral code .
when recited in a synagogue , the first paragraph ( genesis 2:1 - 3 ) is omitted .
pausanias also identified , the offering to zeus at olympia , [ paragraph above ] and listed the names of the cities engraved upon it .
as mentioned in the paragraph above , this method causes some vertical resolution to be compromised .
a final chapters touches upon making war ( in a paragraph ) , and the training up of urban officials .
" ( e ) except as specifically provided in this paragraph , sovereign immunity extends to the state and all of its departments and agencies .
plagiarized papers are often riddled with gross inconsistencies such as referencing non - existent sections of the essay , changes in spelling and grammar customs , or the argument changing in mid - paragraph .
such tab stops are paragraph - specific properties and can be moved to a different location in any moment , or even removed .
the austrian ministry of health announced on 18 december 2008 that spice would be controlled under paragraph 78 of their drug law on the grounds that it contains an active substance which affects the functions of the body , and the legality of jwh-018 is under review .
in october 2006 , under the coe of governance , the ict4peace foundation was invited to a partnership with the un department of economic and social affairs ( desa ) and gaid as the focal point for overseeing and promoting the spirit of paragraph 36 of the wsis tunis declaration .
the paragraph about the difference of helicopters is quoted , with murdoc replying with , " er ... yeah .
although paragraph ( c)(1)(i)(c ) does deny the affirmative defense to offsetting or hedged transactions , in that case there would still be an actual trade ( whichever of the offsetting trades was not canceled ) that could constitute insider trading and violate rule 10b-5 .
a samtgemeinde should have at least 7,000 inhabitants ( § 71 paragraph 1 lower saxony law on local government ) .
aspa 's structure , which is described in paragraph 119 of the " doha declaration " , also contemplates a coordination body – the executive coordination group – , which is composed by the countries occupying the presidency of the arab league ( qatar , since march 2009 ) and of unasur ( ecuador , since august 2009 ) , as well as the general secretariats of the league of arab states ( arab regional coordinator ) and of unasur ( which has not been constituted yet , so the south american regional coordination is currently being exerted by brazil ) .
paragraph 1 states that if a senator determines that discussion of business requires secrecy , that a motion be made to close the doors and that it be seconded .
the following paragraph is an excerpt from the pathophysiology section of the article parkinson 's disease .
( 2)(a ) a certification under paragraph ( 1 ) of this subsection shall take effect on the date on which the certification is received by the congress .
the insiders bond when they prefer each other , but in the case of conflict , another entity or individual ( the outsider ) is brought in by one of the first individuals in effort to either diffuse and avoid the situation or team up against the other insider ( see paragraph discussing high levels of tension ) .
at " the palm beach post " , jenny immediately receives prominent front - page assignments , while at the " south florida sun - sentinel " , john finds himself writing obituaries and two - paragraph articles about mundane news like a fire at the local garbage dump .
the equivalent of full stop ( 句號 " 。 " ) is usually reserved for the end of an idea , which theoretically may continue for an entire paragraph .
an eye which is accompanied by a limitation in the fields of vision such that the widest diameter of the visual field subtends an angle no greater than 20 degrees shall be considered for purposes in this paragraph as having a central visual acuity of 20/200 or less .
it is a sequel to " rainbow islands " ( see below paragraph ) .
eu law , under the circumstances mentioned in the previous paragraph , prohibits this kind of distinction : although the law appears to treat all parties equally , in fact domestic producers are favoured .
article 49.2 , called " spontaneous censure " ( in contrast to the next paragraph , where the censure is after a fashion " provoked " by the government ) , by imposing the adoption of a motion by the absolute majority of the members , changes the burden of proof , forces the assembly to demonstrate that there is a real rejection of the government .
next they produce a step outline , which breaks the story down into one - paragraph scenes that concentrate on dramatic structure .
at the end of paragraph 64 ibn verga says that he wrote a work entitled " shebeṭ ' ebrato " , containing persecution narratives and some rabbinical treatises , now lost .
in 2000 , the documentary film " paragraph 175 " recorded some of their testimonies .
following the introductory paragraph and its statement , the body of the essay presents the reader with organized evidence directly relating to the thesis and must support it .
on 6 august , a haste paragraph was used by the executive committee to grant nok 7.5 million to build a bus road from ugla , and tt ordered 20 new buses for nok 19.1 million .
" untitled ( a skier ) " , in part about the suicide of an olympic skier 's mother , is narrated in one long paragraph that slowly accretes narrative .
note that the inequality given in the first paragraph , as opposed to the asymptotic formula presented here , need not remain valid in more general settings .
the new generation of software is currently shipped for windows mobile by phatware corp , which acquired paragraph in 2001 .
the fourth and final paragraph demanded that children be taught in their native language by teachers chosen by the people .
paragraph 39 mentions : " these provisions [ i.e. those of the charter ] do not refer to specific weapons .
however , as was suspected during weeks of speculation , he was injured in a low - speed moped accident . because dangerous activity such as this violates paragraph 12 of his player contract , the warriors organization opted to suspend ellis for 30 games , the approximate number of games he expected to miss .
robert shea provided a four - paragraph introduction to the rulebook for the illuminati expansion set 1 ( 1983 ) , in which he wrote , " maybe the illuminati are behind " this game . " they must be — they are , by definition , behind " everything .
flush left’ , meaning that the text of a paragraph is aligned on the left - hand side with the right - hand side ragged .
this paragraph was deleted by the continental congress and replaced by the sentence , " he has excited domestic insurrections among us . "
thus , the commission concluded that the " missionary apostolate ... which has been called ' uniatism ' , can no longer be accepted either as a method to be followed nor as a model of the unity our churches are seeking ( paragraph 12 ) .
when peter had finished speaking , those men of israel present were " pricked in their heart , and said unto peter and to the rest of the apostles , " men and brethren , what shall we do ? " " then peter said unto them , repent and be baptised every one of you in the name of jesus christ for the remission of sins , and ye shall receive the gift of the holy ghost " the next verse shows the scope of this gospel of the kingdom , as do our lord 's words in acts 1:8 and they will be addressed under a separate paragraph .
acts of the president of the republic , other than those provided for under articles 8 ( first paragraph ) , 11 , 12 , 16 , 18 , 54 , 56 and 61 , shall be countersigned by the prime minister and , where required , by the appropriate ministers .
paragraph 1 .
under section 370 , 42 usc 652(k)(2 ) is amended so that the " secretary of state shall , upon certification by the secretary transmitted under paragraph ( 1 ) , refuse to issue a passport to such individual , and may revoke , restrict , or limit a passport issued previously to such individual .
although tolstoy wrote most of the book , including all the narration , in russian , significant portions of dialogue ( including its opening paragraph ) are written in french and characters often switch between the languages .
the first law of the provisional state council , paragraph 18 , of the order of government and legal arrangement stated that " the provisional government is empowered to set up armed forces on land , sea and air , which will be authorised to carry out all necessary and legal actions for the defence of the country . "
near the end of the series , misato and shinji 's shared and separate traumas put distance between them , and shinji can neither let himself comfort her ( " see next paragraph " ) nor be comforted by her ( in the wake of rei ayanami 's death ) .
the dispatch , after its first paragraph reference to " several " such deaths , specified later that " eight to 10 " men had been shot in that fashion .
now ( paragraph 2541 ) omar sends " hurqus b. zuhair al - sadi one of the prophet 's companions as reinforcement . " and " "
article 2 , section 19 of the treaty of nice added a " second " paragraph to article 191 of the treaty of rome .
" the lyric paragraph " , ed . robert allen , ( d.c. books , montreal , 1987 ) , 144 - 46 .
the paragraph improvement questions test the student 's understanding of logical organization of ideas , presenting a poorly written student essay and asking a series of questions as to what changes might be made to best improve it .
par is a text processing utility ( paragraph reformatter ) written by adam m. costello , intended to replace the fmt command .
there is suggested to be two sources per paragraph supporting your points .
it is famous for containing ( in the third paragraph ) what became known as the " three ' no 's " : " no peace with israel , no recognition of israel , no negotiations with it . "
however , zarathustra rebuffs the dwarf in the following paragraph , warning him against over - simplifications .
" paragraph 78 " ( screen name - " § 78 " ) is a russian film by mikhail khleborodov released in 2007 .
then the " german christian " majority of 113 synodals over 37 nays decided to appeal to the general synod to introduce the so - called aryan paragraph ( ) as church law , thus demanding that employees of the " evangelical church of the old - prussian union " - being all baptised protestant church members - , who had grandparents , who were enrolled as jews , or who were married with such persons , were all to be fired .
the other reference in the works of josephus often cited to support the historicity of jesus is also in the " antiquities " , in the first paragraph of book 20 , chapter 9 .
nevertheless , he is very right in last paragraph of his essay saying that this psychological interpretation having “ its own kind of special appeal , ” ) .
senate rule xxvi , paragraph 1 states that a committee " is authorized to hold hearings … at such times and places during the sessions , recesses , and adjourned periods of the senate " as it sees fit .
jacqueline kennedy onassis edited the book and wrote a three paragraph introduction .
note color , size , font , paragraph format and other settings can be changed .
he provides the first historical reference to saint ninian , in a passing reference contained in the final part of a single paragraph .
the scientific - humanitarian committee , under hirschfeld 's leadership , managed to gather over 5000 signatures from prominent germans for a petition to overturn paragraph 175 .
in one non - rolla - bolla model , the bongo balance board , the roller ( the second one from the top in the photograph to the side of this paragraph ) is two wheels that rotate independently of each other on the same axle , each at its own speed according to the shifts of the rider 's weight , allowing the board to roll and turn faster and more smoothly than other models when the rider 's lean is not at exactly 90 degrees to the axle , which it hardly ever is .
end transmittal letters with a one - sentence paragraph that establishes goodwill by thanking or complimenting the recipient .
the original " cambridge paragraph bible " .
note that while the terms " easing " and " tightening " are commonly used to describe the central bank 's stated interest rate policy , a central bank has the ability to influence the money supply in a much more direct fashion , as explained earlier in this paragraph .
on may 4 , 2009 , the sun published a small paragraph saying that they have been asked to make clear that mills " denies spending £ 10 million of her settlement ; trying to sell her home to her ex - husband ; masterminding a smear campaign against him ; spending £ 1 million on a swimming pool , £ 0.5 million on staff wages and £ 6 million on properties as they had reported " and they regretted " the misunderstanding " .
the mere creation of a security over a company ’s assets does not deplete them and does not come within the paragraph .
paragraph 5 states that on a point of order made by any senator , no amendment to provide for a private claim can be received to any general appropriation bill .
in his closing paragraph , olson writes " ... ours will be a poorer world ... " .
" there are , however , some slight differences between the hippolytus version and the one that has passed under josephus ' name , notably in the final " josephus " paragraph .
carefully argued in the numbered - paragraph form of the traditional philosophical treatise , the book included as “ unworthy life ” not only the incurably ill but large segments of the mentally ill , the feebleminded , and retarded and deformed children .
2 . subject to the respective constitutional principles and basic concepts of the legal systems of the states parties , the criminal offenses established pursuant to the foregoing paragraph shall include participation in , association or conspiracy to commit , attempts to commit , and aiding , abetting , facilitating , and counseling the commission of said offenses .
( this paragraph was taken from the virginia beach , va .
" much of the information in this paragraph is taken from frank jessup 's book "
this paragraph must be included in any publication involving jenny everywhere , in order that others may use this property as they wish .
hugh has become a bestselling author under the " nom de plume " of alice wilde , writing popular novels where " something happens in every paragraph " ( will ) .
in 1990 , christgau changed the format of the " consumer guide " ; it now contains six to eight reviews graded upper - b+ or higher , one " dud of the month " review graded b or lower , and three lists : honorable mention ( b+ albums deemed not worthy of full - paragraph reviews ) , choice cuts ( excellent tracks on un - recommended albums ) , and duds .
for section c , pupils who get sk ( sekolah kebangsaan ) paper must give at least 5 moral values ; pupils who get sjk ( sekolah jenis kebangsaan ) paper must give 4 moral values only , unless given other instructions , in paragraph form , from an article given to them .
in the third paragraph of dragonsong , her father describes her as " too tall and lanky to be a proper girl , " though in dragonsinger , silvina praises her for her beautiful red hair .
charles hartshorne and paul weiss ; cambridge , mass. : harvard university press , 1931 ] , paragraph 284 )
the word " mishnah " can also indicate a single paragraph or verse of the work itself , ie . the smallest unit of structure in the mishnah .
the following paragraph is also taken from the same article by upstreamonline entitled " shell in the safety firing line " . "
pipes was later to compare carr 's single paragraph dismissal in the " history of soviet russia " of the 1921 famine as unimportant ( because there were no sources for the death toll that carr deemed trustworthy ) with holocaust denial .
other ways of dealing with multiple staff music are " line over line format " , " paragraph style " , and " bar by bar format " .
" the gospel according to adam " breaks the conventional format of the novel , consisting as it does of a single 60-page - long paragraph that , like all good streams of consciousness , sweeps writer and reader on to no pre - ordained or predictable destination .
paragraph 4 of the article states that persons born in iran who also have one parent born in iran are thus iranian nationals .
in cullin 's novel , however , there is no such dialogue from the character of noah , and the only mention of the book 's title comes at the end of chapter 21 , last paragraph , when the first - person voice of jeliza rose says , " before sleep , the last sound to fill my ears was the beating of my heart , and i knew i was slipping past the tideland , going beneath the ocean and sinking away from what rocks . "
according to chapter i , article 28 , paragraph 2 of the constitution , the national colors of poland are white and red .
canadian metros had the 1.3 l engine available as an option beginning in 1993 in the 3-door gsi model , and as standard equipment in the sedan ( exclusive to the canadian market at the time : as noted in the previous paragraph , american market metros were not available in a sedan bodystyle until 1995 ) .
although it is certainly a sound precaution for the determination of sulfide with an ion selective electrode , it might however hamper the development of the blue color if the freshly formed methylene blue is also reduced , as described here above in the paragraph on redox indicator .
warren beatty , who tried to defend the film despite all the severe trouble and misery he went through making it , is quoted as saying " there was almost no review that did n't in the first paragraph deal with the cost of the movie .
for the enemy characters , most of the details are dispensed with , usually leaving only the picture , code name , function , descriptive paragraph and the quote .
the council finally requested that her periodically submit to the security council reports of all the decisions made by the various commissions and of the special committee provided for in article x , paragraph 4 , of the egyptian - israel general armistice agreement .
paragraph vii .
she is often fired and rehired by " ed " in the space of a paragraph .
and the popular logos bible software includes an electronic text of the " cambridge paragraph bible " as of certain editions of version 3 of its bible program .
lehitakfo chalushin " comments on each paragraph , explaining various opinions on each law and clarifying if the law as brought down by the kitzur shulchan aruch is a leniency , stringency , or the principle halachah .
paragraph 78 .
it stated in paragraph 10 that over time , the release board was unable to release prisoners " on timely manner , not because of a specific policy , but simply because the system that supported the release board and the release board itself could not keep up with the flow of detainees into abu ghraib . "
inside the gastronomic paragraph , we can highlight the confectionary , with the f. soria factory of sweets and confectionery , where exquisite sweets ( puff - pastries , tea pastries , “ lenguas de gato ” are elaborated .
suicide paragraph .
links to city data on particular district are located in the appropriate district - related paragraph .
the second paragraph observes that disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind and that the four freedoms : freedom of speech , belief , freedom from want , and freedom from fear – which is " proclaimed as the highest aspiration " of the people .
the document immediately adds : " nevertheless , many elements of sanctification and of truth are found outside its visible confines . " paragraph 14 explains : " whosoever , therefore , knowing that the catholic church was made necessary by christ , would refuse to enter or to remain in it , could not be saved . "
the 14 national parks of germany , under paragraph 24 of the federal nature conservation act , are not listed here . "
